  the eu would likely do a lot better without angela merkel the anti-visionary . 
  actually the way things are going hopefully almost nothing will be about the uk in the near future . 
  `` war '' is what we call the violent extreme of the constant international competition for wealth and power . 
  of course there are sides , you do n't need war for that . 
  they 're xenophobic as fuck in poland so they 're a good country to make it work . 
  do n't get me wrong , i really liked poland and its people when i was there but i have a strong feeling that not looking too `` foreign '' may have helped . 
  the americans have not `` murdered half the middle east '' . 
  on top of that they are the sole super power and they are on our side , of course we 're not doing that . 
  checkmate for cameron . 
  he left johnson with the choice between being the pm who caused a massive post-article 50 crisis and the breakup of the uk or being the man who led the uk to international humiliation by campaigning for leave and then backing out . 
  i guess they 're leaving gove to drink out the poison chalice . 
  [ the recovery is not particularly impressive though ] ( http://www.xe.com/currencycharts/?from=gbp&amp;to=eur&amp;view=1w ) . 
  does that mean the pound effectively inflated massively just because of the qe ? 
  that 's almost 10 % of gdp , surely that leaves a mark ? 
  as the referendum shows the british people can not reasonably claim it 's their politicians fucking the uk over . 
  god , i love juncker !, 
  honestly !, 
  how can his teeth be * that bad * ? 
  we 're all freaking out about the economic fallout and hoping this whole mess will just go away . 
  percentage-wise the leave vote was most prominent in england . 
  i do n't think belgium is a very useful example of a functional democracy . 
  meanwhile literally no investment in the uk occurs and all multinationals leave . 
  great plan !, 
  i 'm having a hard time if it at the moment . 
  and here i am looking for a job , that 's probably going to take a fair bit longer now ... fuckers !, 
  to hell with you . 
  i like the eu !, 
   arsepit my god ... 
  the telegraph is a pooprag . 
  there is no serious call here in the netherlands for a `` nexit '' referendum . 
  there is no contagion , just annoyance that so much time is wasted on futilities while we have actual , * real * crises to deal with . 
  are you sure your meant to reply to me ? 
  michael gove is ukip now ? 
   do n't get your opinion on people based on a political flyer please . 
  my opinion is based on much more than this idiotic flyer . 
  it 's based on things like the `` 350m per week '' , the `` take our sovereignty back '' , the `` stem the tide of refugees '' , the `` no benefits for eu'ians '' , the `` what have they ever done for us '' , the `` make our own laws '' , the `` there will be no recession '' etc. 
  all absolute drivel and in some cases extremely insulting to boot . 
  i never thought my opinion of the uk would sink this low this quickly but the brexit debate really is * that bad * . 
  i take much of the shit about the mainland personally , i honestly do n't think i 'd like the uk anymore even if brexit fails now . 
  `` no data '' . 
  i guess that means we 're doing our spy-things better than the rest . 
  merkel really has to go before that could ever happen ( i think ) . 
  europe really needs a new generation of leaders with a vision for the eu . 
  a fiscal union with a strong anti-corruption agency with pan-eu reach would solve a lot of problems . 
  `` and where the fuck is lithuania '', 
  anti-brexit messages tend to get brigaded here . 
  some top notch banter going on here !, 
  hopefully that soon wo n't be a problem for the uk anymore . 
  you mean start a nuclear war ? 
  because that 's what happens then . 
  this is just posturing to ensure that everybody knows what 's what and who 's who . 
   how do you measure that without knowing what the borders of the cities is ? 
  you take the city center and make a [ voronoi diagram ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/voronoi_diagram ) , duh . 
  good riddance then , the 19th century is n't coming back . 
  right because the genocide in the 90 's never happened . 
  it 's truly inexplicable that there should be europeans that dislike serbs . 
  a nice example of the democratic deficit in the uk . 
  that . 
  or ... germany `` re-militarizes '' and we 'll have a divided europe full of soldiers , cruise missiles and nuclear bombs . 
  this can only go well !, 
  does that make it okay to just shoot them ? 
  he 's against things like political correctness and muslims in general . 
  both mostly because of the turks and moroccans that have a terrible reputation here . 
  as my grandfather would say ; `` in hell the bottles have holes at the bottom , the women do n't . '', 
  hmm , can you smoke without getting cancer ( etc. ), 
  in fsm heaven ? 
  seriously , people will go on and on about a democratic deficit in the eu but somehow these deals always sound fine to them . 
  intellectually you mean ? 
  mostly because countries like spain , italy and , most importantly , france ca n't seem to get their shit together . 
  having driven from wroclaw to katowice not so long ago , yes . 
  i think the eu would be much better without much of eastern europe and that without them denmark would be much less inclined to leave . 
  germany , france and benelux is the real core . 
  the rest is all up for debate . 
  now there 's an auspicious list to be a part of . 
  considering the decades of violence there ( admittedly in varying degrees of intensity ) i would n't say that 's very likely . 
  it feels kind of similar to me when eastern europe accepts billions from the eu only to refuse taking in any refugees . 
  i think it 's time we had a good long think about all these dependent relationships . 
  wow !, 
  look at greece , they must be doing great now !, 
  i am disappointed . 
  this really strengthens my feeling that countries like romania should not be part of the eu ( yet ) . 
  and then when we asked for something in return eastern europe told us `` nope but please keep sending money '' . 
  i 'm sure they called it a miracle ... 
  insane is n't it ? 
  i am often surprised how little my compatriots appear to realize how dependent we are on international trade and shipping in particular . 
  michael gove sounds like a bit of an idiot to be honest , it 's essentially one long weaselword ... 
  ok so ukraine is a corrupt shithole too , that changes nothing about russia being dicks about their gas . 
  simply delaying negotiations would be damaging enough i think . 
  how selfish can you be . 
  it 's typical of the british spirit in europe though i guess . 
  i hope brexit happens . 
  seriously though , get your shit together . 
  this has gone on long enough now . 
  great i 'm one of the 6.4 % ... 
  this . 
  you get more or less what you pay or . 
  if you were expecting high quality furniture you 're going to have to fork over the money . 
  i do n't think it 's as bad as you point out though . 
  `` kicking the can down the road '' ignores that many of the new loans greece got were nearly zero-interest with very long deadlines ( i.e. 
  30 years ) .
