  i would , personally , love that . 
  probably will never happen though ... 
  you 're just jealous . 
  i would lose all faith in the eu if either of them joined . 
  presumably they would join nato , would n't they ? 
  lss wool on the english women . 
  what exactly is this map supposed to prove ? 
  - edit - a downvote ? 
  what for ? 
  i just asked a simple question ... 
  nice post , i agree with most of it . 
  one issue i did not see you factor in ; corruption . 
  by the mechanisms you describe greece could have already helped itself before it even got so deeply embroiled in this crisis , it did not . 
  another source of trouble in greece is the unwillingness of its citizens to pay taxes because of a deepseated mistrust of its government ( which they elected themselves ... ) . 
  do you agree that in a scenario where corruption etc. 
  * is * factored in the future looks a lot bleaker for greece ? 
  ( e.g. 
  my two scenario 's ) that when governed by nepotism and self-interest the self regulating aspects of the market may not function ? 
  in essense what you say is true , for any nation that is not crippled by distrust in its government and rampant corruption . 
  greece right now has two clear options ; * it stays in the eurozone and reforms as it does now . 
  things will stay tough for a while but , as we can already start to see , competitiveness will return and the stiffling influence of corruption will be quelled . 
  democracy would be served by the decrease in coruption and the increase in faith in the government might help convince people to pay their taxes . 
  this would , in my vision , be the way forward . 
  * it leaves the eurozone and re-adopts the drachma in which case exchange rates plummet causing unemployment to soar and imported goods to become scarce . 
  eventually greece would get back on its feet and most likely muddle on like before using the money press as an alternative to production and growth . 
  politicians would promise people secure jobs in return for votes etc. 
  but after a while the devaluation of the drachma is so severe that import becomes crippled and the next recession occurs . 
  we would see greece as we saw it before , a good place for a vacation but a horrible place for trade and commerce . 
  austerity is not a punishment ( should not be anyway ) , it is not one alternative among many ; it is simply the base fact that spending more than you have ( including growth ) will eventually cause crippling debt . 
  your arguments would hold true if the old system was sustainable . 
  the low unemployment generated jobs , yes . 
  and people with jobs had job security and social services etc. 
  all these benefits were paid for with money that was constantly being devalued , in such a system a country is basically inflating a bubble untill it bursts pushing the country into recession with all the negative results recessions tend to have ( like high youth unemployment ) . 
  the austerity measures being imposed on greece now are improving its competitivity to a point where actuall sustainable growth may be achieved , it hurts now but it will allow greece to avoid a lot of pain in the future by putting an end to the worst of the corruption and nepotism . 
  you suggest that the right to protest is a prerequisite for democracy but in practice only small very vocal groups regularly protest . 
  in greece in particular certain political movements ( extreme right and communists in particular ) will protest violently at seemingly * any * occasion . 
  the contribution to the democratic process of such demonstrations is debateable . 
  when a friendly head of state visits it is certainly not in the interest of all those greeks who have no objection to her visit for a small group of malcontents to throw rocks at her car and call her hitler . 
  democracy is a system of balance , there is a balance between public order ( which is required for a stable democracy ) and the right to voice discontent . 
  it is certainly not the case that demonstrations ( especially violent ones like those forseen now ) are always a contribution to democracy . 
  to enshrine all demonstrations as shining examples of democratic behaviour is clearly nonsensical . 
  well ... 
  the drachma did n't so much float freely but rather sunk at a constant pace as more and more drachma were printed to alleviate debt . 
  the thing many people seem to forget is that with a currency that is continually devalued it 's the people who are footing the bill . 
  the big difference now is that there is a part of europe that says `` no '' to this `` method '' and the corruption and ineptitude that fuel are being exposed which must hurt . 
  `` bankers and political elite '' my ass . 
  i think in many cases we 're talking about insecure people looking for a secure footing so in effect all these guys care for , essentailly , is exactly the approval of others . 
  to belong to a group by clearly defining yourself as * not a part of another group * is really just highschool psychology . 
  how can muslims expect to be accepted and appreciated if they keep on behaving like this ? 
  to say that it is merely a small group within the larger context is misleading , as long as the group as it is refuses to regulate itself and fails to understand that to be accepted is to accept that other opinions exist it can only end with bitterness and anger . 
  it would n't float away you know . 
  it would still be there for you to visit . 
  not in the first decade . 
  if the union could be used that way it would have failed before it even started . 
  there is already a * mutually beneficial free trade agreement * , it 's called the eu . 
  the only other option is to pay an entrance fee like the norwegians and the swiss without actually getting to decide what happens to the money . 
  apparently the dutch flag is red-white-blue because those are the colors that have historically been correlated with the region as far back as the tenth century . 
  for a while the flag was orange-white-blue to signify allegiance to the house of orange but it appears that the orange dyes used in those times slowly degrade to a red hue , i guess our flag is just supposed to be red-white-blue . 
  the load would not be spread evenly i think but 143m is not an insurmountable sum to fork over . 
  also the political expediency of the eu - especially on banking matters - would increase so there is a certain gain to offset the cost . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budget_of_the_european_union#net_contributors_and_recipients . 
  the net contribution by the uk can be easily compensated for . 
  i think you may have an inflated image of the uk 's contribution on account of the anti-eu rethoric in the uk . 
  surely this will end well !, 
  i guess they took a day off work huh ? 
  i wonder how many more greeks are now considering emigration . 
  fuck it . 
  we might as well go balls-to-the-wall now and simply raise it to a hundred billion million gazillion euro 's !, 
  since we 're working with the illusion that private investors will foot the bill no matter what the cost it really does n't matter anymore . 
  clearly the north european notion of austerity has been declared unworkable by the southern europeans so we might as well try their version and simply shout bs untill the problem magically goes away . 
  from the shame sheet a shuit ? 
  makes sense , the french and germans are the core of the eu , why should they accept little-johnny-fifth-wheel-across-the-water and its incessant demands ? 
  germany and france need to be kept close to avoid war in the continent , a similar concern for the brits does not exist . 
  when i vote in the dutch national elections i never look at a person 's region of origin . 
  i think you overestimate the importance of such matters . 
  once the parliament gets properly up to speed and stars taking care of things people will tend to focus on the best person or party to represent them . 
  only in the sense that more populous areas are statistically more likely to bring forth candidates . 
   sorry , but that 's totally unclear : a direct vote for what ? 
  a party ?? 
  not on your live !, 
  what in heavens name would you expect from a `` european worker 's party '' ? 
  i would expect from a `` european worker 's party '' ( labour party ? ), 
  that they would be in favor of a certain amount of redistribution of wealth for instance . 
  this would be impopular in the wealthier countries and popular in the poorer ones which means they would get more votes from the poorer nations , just like the labour parties on a national level tend to get more votes from poorer regions . 
  richer nations would be more likely to vote for the `` liberals '' or `` conservatives '' . 
   and if you mean `` parliamentarians directly '' , then what ? 
  we get 2500 candidate names to vote on ? 
  direct voting means you get a ballot paper with lists of parliamentarians you can vote for sorted per party . 
  considering the size of the ep perhaps a better system would be simply a list of parties with votes being cast directly for the party . 
  the most important thing is that we would no longer vote for local parties who are then forced to look for allies in the ep but for actual parties which could present intended policy clearly before we cast our vote . 
   and what is the `` interest of all europeans '' supposed to be ? 
  for instance decisive action when a credit crisis strikes so that crappy fuck-it-up-as-we-go policy like the excessive interest rates imposed on greece could be averted . 
  or even better , checks on national budgets so that greece would not have needed a bailout to begin with . 
  also because an ep-mp would not be held accountable by any single nation but by all of them policy would not be judged on a national level but by all europeans making it possible to take actions which are impopular in some nations if they are beneficial to the eu as a whole . 
  would n't that make the states essentially districts though ? 
  you 're still not voting for people from the entire country but rather for people from your own state , or am i reading this wrong ? 
  the idea behind my suggestion for a * direct * vote is that there would no longer be a district-based representation . 
  districts would mean local interests would be the motivational force behind the actions of a representative . 
  with representatives chosen by all europeans the driving force would be to act in the interest of all europeans . 
  yeah we should totally let these countries into the schengen area !,
