  edit4 : the missile used was a buk missile from the 9m38 series . 
  afterwards the launcher was confirmed to have been returned to russia . 
  cockpit-glass embedded in remnants of the missile confirm that the missile did indeed down the aircraft rather than the missile-fragments coincidentally being in the place as the crash site . 
  edit5 : esa helped extensively to gather and analyze data . 
  with their help the exact launch location could be determined . 
  i have to go now , for further updates see the linked articles and the bellingcat twitter feed . 
  well ... 
  the eu-negotiators have to have come from somewhere . 
  presumably some of them were british . 
  and require * hundreds * of negotiators . 
  i believe reading the uk does n't even have * a hundred * sufficiently skilled and senior negotiators . 
  buddhists believe in gods , worship them and the buddha at shrines and temples and do so in an organized setting . 
  how is that * not * a religion ? 
  i 'm in sri lanka right now , the people here sure think buddhism is a religion . 
  if they had jobs this discussion would n't happen . 
  `` piss off '' would be a reasonable translation . 
  for what exactly ? 
  this is a woman that did a lot of good , you would have her sent to jail to send the message that setting up business in tax-havens is n't right ? 
  it seems to be more or less what they did with the eu ... 
  i really hope her successor will be more of a heavyweight of these plans go through . 
  when a real army is established real foreign policy must follow , one simply can not work without the other . 
  even then we will have to allow time for the development of a balanced foreign policy , a process that may take decades . 
  after all this would be the first time in history most of europe would try to set a united policy !, 
  in german a `` z '' is pronounced as `` tz '' ? 
  right ? 
  considering that romania seems to have it all figured out i 'll take your word for it . 
  wow , talk about the government stifling new businesses . 
  maybe find some sort of work you can do from home ? 
  best of both worlds . 
  which means what exactly ? 
  in the real world . 
  running a city state and running a full-size western democracy ( however outdated fptp may be ) are not comparable . 
  i ' t wo n't be a problem . 
  given the amount of filth the british spewed about `` mainland europe and its people '' i assume they wo n't really want to come here anyway . 
  you make one little tipo ... 
  so they 're your belgians ? 
  i 'll take `` permanently erect '' as a compliment . 
  the eu has very little resources and gets a tonne done . 
  the massive difference the eu has made and is making to the democratic institutions and the education of the people is enormous and certainly does n't deserve to be called `` ridiculous '' . 
  plenty gets done . 
  perhaps it would help you to read up on eu projects rather than to fall for the common image of a `` morose european mainland '' portrayed in the british media . 
   verhofstadt has criticized denmark , both for how we handled the refugee crisis , but also because we are n't `` a full member '' of the eu . 
  i can see how that would hurt the sensibilities of certain danes but i ca n't disagree with his statements entirely either . 
  perhaps occasionally sharing impopular opinions is not such a bad thing . 
  if every country were as negative about the eu as denmark ( or even the netherlands occasionally ... ) we 'd neverget anything done . 
  lets see how it copes with the actual brexit before we gloat triumphantly , shall we ? 
  and keep fucking all of us in the process , no wonder people are sick of the uk . 
  and it wo n't . 
  just invoke article 50 already . 
  ^ ^ ^ just ^ ^ ^ open ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ casket ... 
  they might represent their respective towns but certainly not france entirely . 
  the spanish must be so jealous right now . 
  maybe your buildings are n't cool enough . 
  apparently the ratio of temporary contracts * vs. * permanent contracts has shot up since the brexit vote . 
  i guess that means actually lots of people 's lives have changed already . 
  how do you keep from starving ? 
  higher chocolate consumption is a consequence of a higher disposable income . 
  good scientific institutions require funding which is more likely to be found in countries with higher disposable incomes . 
  it makes sense to see a correlation here . 
  wat part of the question do you not understand ? 
  i thought that was implied . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  dude ... 
  they really will do anything to ruin a successful union of the continental powers . 
  the only real alternative is slowly being bought and sold by the chinese , russians and americans . 
  i would rather have a serious go at making the eu work . 
   it was purely over migration which i think you will find , with increasing terror attacks putting all forms of migration in question , it will soon become apparent that voters in france , the netherlands , germany , austria and italy are n't quite as resilient as british voters had been up until this point . 
  at least for dutch politics that statement just does n't hold water . 
  nor am i particularly inclined to believe your view that the british public is a particularly tolerant or resilient one , the brexit debates made that quite clear . 
  rarely have i taken such offence to political debates . 
   the whole idea of a united europe is faltering . 
  i think the `` whole idea of a united europe '' is maturing which includes growing pains and should not be expected to proceed smoothly every step of the way . 
  to take brexit ( an almost unavoidable occurrence considering the distorted view brits hold of their place in the world and the eu ) as proof that the eu is failing is delusional , the uk was never really in to begin with . 
   the country is still standing while pretty much everything else around us is going to shit . 
  yeah the houses around mine actually burning * right now . 
  at least that one was still ( barely ) alive . 
  is this a `` no real turk '' - defense ? 
  erdogan seems like the kind of leader that would at least consider it . 
  that he does n't do it via diplomatic channels shows you who his real audience is . 
  he does n't care if they come back , he just wants to be seen asking for it . 
  here in the netherlands the second chamber is elected by the provincial councils , perhaps a similar system could work for scotland ? 
  fyi to mark sarcastic posts the suffix '' / s '' is often used . 
  it might save you a lot of downvotes !, 
  that seems to be more or less what he suggests . 
  oh do fuck off !, 
  like you 're a holy man . 
  juncker is the kind of gregarious chum europe needs once in a while . 
  someone to show us getting along is not that hard . 
  do n't keep falling for government sponsored smear campaigns . 
  how could it be a paradise with so many belgians ? 
  who would ever rule the nation ? 
  chaos i tell you !, 
  does it help that i would have gladly called him an idiot when he was alive ? 
  of course the deal would be like the uk getting ass-raped with a cactus but at least it will be quick !, 
  i do n't , i have zero faith that they 'll change into a lawful , dependable pro-eu country in at least a century . 
  but tell us , how do you really feel ? 
  i would be included to agree with that to done degree . 
  that the eu , simply by existing makes people mute peaceful . 
  it 's group psychology and we 're now monkeys on the same rock . 
  not that juncker is necessarily the answer to all our problems but angela merkel sure is the source of many of them .
