  the eu has already expanded to include a variety of countries with dubious added value . 
  we should consolidate before we expand until we burst . 
  not to mention europe is only a few more muslim terrorist attacks away from a `` geert wilders '' in most countries which will ruin the eu . 
  the economy will suffer further and people will look for someone to blame . 
  immigrants and muslims will be blamed and things will get bad for them . 
  hopefully not `` that bad '' but judging by europe 's history it might be . 
   ok , then what do you tell your so if she asks `` do i look fat in this dress ? '' . 
  you look fat in every dress . 
  it 's because of the fat , not the dress . 
  i 'm not going to lie just because she did n't want to go for a run . 
  yeah right . 
  after my rent i would have $ 150 left , after mandatory healthcare insurance i 'd have $ 50 left . 
  i would have to choose between going to the gym ( $ 30 / m ) , being able to use my phone ( $ 30 / m ) or do about a seventh of my groceries ( ~ $ 200 / m ) . 
  at least here in the netherlands $ 1000 would do little more than keep me from starving in a tiny apartment let alone allow anyone to save $ 200 / m. 
  very informative , thank you for posting . 
  i was particularly surprised to how much life expectancy had changed in some countries and little it changed in other countries . 
  sounds like a start, 
  were n't they bankrupt ? 
  the beach is full of holes , some things never change apparently . 
  you would rather have politicians who never change their minds ? 
  that wo n't happen . 
  they were n't built by belgians after all . 
  he would have yelled `` brand '' ... 
  salty . 
  english evidently . 
  somehow that typical belgian saltiness always shines through . 
  i 've said it before and i 'll say it again : ukraine should not be in the eu . 
  this is just one example of the many things that are wrong with politics in the ukraine right now . 
  remember , we were called `` huge assholes '' for arranging a referendum on the association agreement with ukraine . 
  people like this newly elected neo-nazi mayor are part of the reason why ukraine is not ready ( by a long shot ) to be placed on the short-list for joining the eu . 
   the laptop of the us that 's a bit harsh is n't it ? 
  this is not a country we should want in the eu . 
  one of the reasons the putinbots have an easy time with ukraine is that it 's a pretty fucked up country right now . 
  the civil war in the east has given ultra nationalists ( some of them actually nazis ) a chance to arm themselves and get combat experience . 
  politically ukraine can hardly be described as a particularly functional democracy and corruption is everywhere . 
  when the dutch referendum about the ukrainian association treaty was announced we were called `` huge assholes '' but the more of this sort of news i read about ukraine the more i think i should vote against the treaty . 
  you just sound like a sour belgian . 
  `` oh the dutch must have been awful again , just because . '', 
  but then they 'll smudge ... 
  though not in the same positions necessarily the same five countries populate the top5 of the iahdi . 
  i suppose that implies a correlation between inequality and the hdi of a country . 
  which means there will be waste in the form of poop and gas that can be captured/converted into biogas . 
  in the meantime the pigs will have more varied diets and the bacon will taste better . 
  typically when unemployment in germany is discussed people will say that government created `` fake jobs '' artificially depress unemployment rates . 
  out of general interest , does such a thing exist in the uk as well ? 
  otherwise this is a spectacularly low unemployment rate . 
  [ here ] ( http://hdr.undp.org/sites/default/files/hdr_2015_statistical_annex.pdf ) is the . pdf with the full report . 
  edit . 
  yes norway has 0.944 ... really . 
  did i mention 0.944 ? 
  if the european union were anything like the us that would make sense . 
  our problem is that integration is being made nearly impossible by this thorn in our side . 
  if we could achieve more progress in the reu towards the ever closer union we 've always striven for then that might be worth the uk leaving . 
  clearly but it 's also almost exactly * the same * big deal every time this type of topic pops up . 
  i 'll certainly believe * you * find it interesting but you 're exactly one of the people i alluded to with  the same entrenched opinions and the same people . 
  i 'm also not convinced most people will stay interested at this rate . 
  are we going to have to listen to the same thing every week ? 
  every time there 's a new poll there 's another pointless discussion here on / r/europe with the same entrenched opinions and the same people . 
  i 'm so turned on right now ... 
  out of general interest , why dutch in particular ? 
  good , fuck snow . 
  would n't it solve the problem if nato got together and made better arrangements for who can let their planes fly in who 's airspace ? 
  it seems to me that nato allied aircraft should n't be a problem as long as there is some form of organisation behind who flies where and when including a corrective mechanism when such an agreement is broken ? 
  hollande would kill for such ratings . 
  we just happen to have very clean poops . 
  would n't the internal spying be done by the fbi ? 
  anyhow , we already have a thing called europol . 
  it 's is n't much now but at least we already have a name we can use . 
  that 's a perfectly fine excuse . 
  we offer companies incentives to move their head offices to the nl . 
  lots of countries do this because business is what makes us money . 
  if we do n't offer interesting rulings to companies they will just go someplace else and we do n't make te money . 
  i know a lot of people here seem to think that money is `` just a convenient lie '' and is `` basically all made in computers anyway '' but in the real world the money has to come from somewhere . 
  well someone in europe has to be . 
  the money we donate to the eu has to come from somewhere . 
  without attracting companies that ca n't happen . 
  i doubt anyone cares . 
  nothing will come of it and i do n't think there is going to be any moral outrage . 
  the downvotes for this post are undeserved . 
  this is exactly the reason why pretty much every country in the world with a coastline and at least regional aspirations is trying to get their hands on the latest , ultra-quiet diesel submarines . 
  this means someone was * happy * to see the paris attacks happen because he/she could finally get these plans through . 
  whoever that was , fuck them . 
  suppression fire is still a thing though and there are a lot of people to suppress in this war . 
  at 29 rounds per magazine ten million rounds would supply 345 thousand magazines worth . 
  at a good ten per fighter per contact and at least two fights per week per fighter that means ~ 17k fighters can go for a week . 
  i hasten to add that i have no idea how realistic these numbers are and that these estimates are ballpark only . 
  russians !, 
  oh thank god i was beginning to feel embarrassed about sending a single ship that even has aesa radar . 
  i wonder how long ten million rounds would last . 
  not very long i guess . 
   knowing that the choleric far-right supporters will be the only ones that will get up and vote ( as they are the ones dissatisfied with life in general having nothing to lose anyway ) , of course such `` popular vote '' will pass in wilders ' favour . 
  if that were true it would have happened by now . 
   why is west crying about terrorism and yet is letting them inside eu under germany 's pressure . 
  because it 's ridiculous to call * all * of the refugees from syria terrorists . 
  we need to find the ones that and deal with them , not to deny * all of them * the help we would gladly seek ourselves in the same situation . 
  helping the syrian refugees is the good and proper thing to do under the circumstances and helping them includes keeping them safe from is . 
  we have the same enemy . 
   first they arm them , then they bomb them , then they bomb them in a way to let them take assad down but not fsa . 
  we 're not bombing the people we armed , russia is . 
  the west has tried to find reasonable parties in this fight ( fsa and the kurds basically ) and gave them rifles .
