  to bomb is to make sure it 's the fsa that rids the world of assad and not is is perhaps cynical but also justifiable considering the actions of is . 
  we 're probably only choosing a lesser evil but would n't anyone ? 
   why is no one caring about russian lives lost in the plane in egypt even here in the netherlands we * do * care , just not very enthusiastically . 
  after all russia is considered to be the country that ( directly/indirectly or a bit of both ) shot down mh17 and killed 300 innocent people . 
  only to deny and insult the victims and their nations afterwards . 
  i do n't think many dutch people smiled when they heard of the russian plane but i also do n't think there were many tears . 
   so from russian point of view , west is being shady as fuck and it 's not yet anti-hitler alliance , but could very well be one in the future . 
  i do n't think there 's anyone left in the light , certainly no russians and certainly not us . 
   and shows to them how hypocritical west is having seen what happens to countries and regions that are ruled by russia i do n't think there is anything hypocritical about making every effort to ensure russia never rises again . 
  considering that the articles for the mentioned german weapons are well sourced i would say it 's pretty likely to be true . 
  what an awful thing to say . 
  so basically you want to concentrate all refugees in camps at the expense of a some of the territory of greece and italy ? 
  the camps would grow enormously in a very short time because for the time being people are going to keep coming . 
  they would be breeding grounds for religious extremism , human trafficking , exploitation of the weak etc. 
  all in all not very desirable . 
  austalia is an island . 
  the eu is not an island . 
  do you see how a solution that * might * work in the long term for australia is not * necessarily * equally functional in the eu ? 
   i hope i am making sense ; english is not my first language completely . 
   common market , common foreign policy and common army i agree , i would argue the last two are essentially the same thing though . 
  i do n't think that at all . 
  it does n't even matter though , for good or bad we are european . 
  these false mental images as though we might be giving up our european identity if we federalize are just pointless because we could n't even lose our european identity * if we wanted to * . 
  as if we could hope to be anything other than european . 
  the romans created a europe with a dividing line between the `` south '' and `` north '' of europe that * still * exists . 
  that 's how powerful our history is in shaping our modern world . 
  the best we can hope for is to form a union of nations out of common interest . 
  we will never be as ethnically homogeneous as the usa and we are not in the same geographical situation . 
  why ? 
  i always thought giscard d'estaing was one of the better french presidents . 
  how is it that all the brits on this website seem to be bereft of a sense of humor ? 
  what an awful country . 
  and saudi arabia is n't great either . 
   the majority of many eu countries do not want that . 
  [ citation needed ] . 
  if you insist on being a racist at least get the phrase right ...  a strong independent nation of color who do n't need no union . 
  stop crying already , this is just how the union works . 
  germany and france constantly break the rules without being punished ; the uk opts out of everything ; greece , spain , italy etc. 
  lie a lot and we look the other way and the benelux gets to have something nice once in a while . 
  as if this thing would ever work if we tried to make it perfect * right now . 
  * grow up . 
  so all of a sudden the russians care when airliners full of innocent people come crashing down ? 
  i kind of missed that when the plane was full of dutch and malaysians . 
  so can we finally agree turkey is in the middle east now and stop acting like thrace makes a difference ? 
  the smaller red roads are bicycle paths . 
  we spell `` van '' without the capital v so she was definitely not dutch . 
  spell broken !, 
  there 's nothing glorious about your roundabouts . 
  disappointed too . 
  if anyone ever had crazy eyes it would have to be her . 
  considering that the french and british economies are [ almost exactly equal in size ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/ba/eu_gdp.png/300px-eu_gdp.png ) it 's a least a bit disingenuous to exclude france in this arrangement . 
  it 's all too easy to assume this is just a jibe to the french but i wonder if this is perhaps just another sign of how badly osborne ( and his friends in the uk 's government ) are out of touch with reality . 
   thing 's are different . 
  even in the current political constellation that 's only partly true . 
  you only have to consider the way germany has behaved in recent years in the eu to see that it only requires a few years of french weakness before germany becomes dominant again . 
  our ability to `` hold our own '' was clearly not great enough in 1940 , ever since we 've had a strict policy of making sure we had a strong friend that was neither german nor french . 
  i 'd argue the real `` puppet '' is not the uk but the netherlands actually . 
  we readily act as a springboard for american influence in the continent because in return american supremacy keeps international trade over the sea free which is our most important source of income . 
  another important feature of american projection of power into europe through the nl is that it protects us against the germans and french , traditionally countries that tend to have aspirations of dominance over the benelux . 
  the uk just tries to stay relevant by aligning itself rather vocally with the world 's only superpower . 
  in this sense the ( admittedly rather condescending ) popular term `` lapdogs '' is much more applicable than `` puppet '' . 
  a puppet is powerless in it 's own affairs whilst a `` lapdog '' tries to stay close to its master as much as possible , perhaps not the most glamorous thing to do but not as powerless as a `` puppet '' . 
  pretty much , though it can get worse with truckers and farmers ( the kind of people that like to make big clouds of smoke with cold diesel engines ) . 
  i guess it does n't help that everyone who goes into the eu does it as a cushy job with guaranteed salary in stead of an opportunity to achieve meaningful change for the better . 
  and they 're right too because any significant change is beholden to the heads of state who gladly accept any chance to shine and leave only the scraps and the bad news to the eu . 
  until we get a real parliamentary system with real parties up and running nothing will come of it . 
  yeah like your lower class is something to be proud of ... 
  like that manipulative girlfriend threatening to leave all the time . 
  yeah right . 
  those boys were sent by inept politicians with heads full of pacifist nonsense to `` keep the peace '' even though there was no peace to keep . 
  the whole thing was a massive clusterfuck and probably the most important military learning experience for the dutch government in decades . 
  we 've never gone into a warzone similarly unprepared since because of it and we 've never blindly trusted our allies since . 
  as a prime example nato tried to withdraw air support ( dutch f-16s no less ) for dutch troops fighting in the battle of chora ( the * largest * battle dutch forces fought in in afghanistan ! ), 
  and because of srebrenica this time the commander had the authority to tell nato he would withdraw * his own planes * from nato command if necessary . 
  if srebrenica taught us anything it 's that trusting our allies was a mistake . 
  let 's just call it * namen * , much prettier !, 
  apparently it did according to this article . 
  turkey denying it to this day is a good reason to think turkey is not a very nice country . 
   peoples . 
  * people * . 
  educating the masses , one at a time , 
  does n't the eu contain pretty much all the relevant countries anyway ? 
  - edit , i was joking people , take it easy . 
  i used to like poland . 
  i still do , but i used to too . 
  as far as i can tell only two of the things i listed can be attributed ( partially if not completely ) to erdogan . 
  we have n't ignored you , we 've actively kept you outside of the eu . 
  and it was the right thing to do too , when we consider things like the freedom of the press ; the occupation of northern cyprus ; the armenian genocide ; your borders with countries like iraq , syria and iran ; corruption ; hypernationalism and erdogan 's politics of creeping islamisation . 
  a much better idea would be to invest in better border patrols with turkey because i seriously doubt the turkish police would suddenly stop taking bribes from smugglers once a deal is reached . 
  not to mention a deal where merkel sells something that was n't for sale to begin with . 
   more often than dutch in the streets this statement makes no sense when you visit the city  like every other month . 
  i 've lived there and gone to school there and to say that you hear arabic and english more often than dutch is just insane . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  have you even been here ? 
  there 's something mildly bizarre about thousands of japanese ( who normally speak nothing but japanese ) singing in german . 
  it also did n't really improve the piece that singing in masses typically takes kills the crispness . 
   i 'd say a mix between finnish ( for the drinking ) , serbian ( for the nationalism part ) and bulgaria ( for the way to do business ) . 
  dear god ... that does n't sound very good at all . 
   stop acting like children there 's something we 'd all enjoy , 
  that not an impopular opinion .
