  greece and ( inevitably ) other similarly ill-fated nation leave the euro and either reintroduce their old currencies or join together to form a new weaker currency that they can then communally devalue as needed . 
  this would usher in an age of two `` euro 's '' . 
  a strong northern one and a weaker southern one . 
  both unions would recover from the crisis a little faster than before and people do not starve in the streets as seems to be the case now . 
  consequently the southern euro would mean a back-track to the old system where the north followed the dm and where the south would in an unending cycle periodically devalue it 's currency . 
  democratically this would be sound as the elections in greece seem to indicate that this sort of system is what greeks ( and quite possibly the residents of other piigs nations ) like best . 
  the eu is thoroughly restructured , actual honest-to-god euro parties are created electable by a direct vote . 
  there would be a christian democrat party , a labourparty , a libertarian fraction , greens etc. 
  this euro-parliament could elect a euro cabinet with spending power in all of the eu . 
  eurobonds would exist as a natural consequence of this democratically elected and accountable government . 
  greece and the other economically weak nations could benefit from the strength of the others . 
  in return all local governments would be subjected to thorough and - if need be - invasive checks by the euro government . 
  in essence this would amount to a more democratic version of the usa in europe . 
  the use i guess . 
  option 2 has my preference , option one appears the most likely to me . 
  i guess we can always get another euro and hope it buys us enough guns for the next war in mainland europe ... 
  put food and clothes into boxes and air-drop them above athens . 
  if we do n't there wo n't be more than a million greeks left in greece after the first year . 
  the old and weak wood starve or get sick and die and those strong enough to climb a border fence would make a run for it to the eu in search of work as ( how sumptuously ironic ) illegal immigrant laborers . 
  you underestimate the size of the eu , there are currently ~ 502 million people in the entire eu . 
  and since those tax payers work in industry they have jobs and make money . 
  capitalism saves the day !, 
  have you even read a word i wrote ? 
  fuck off , he 's right . 
  all i hear is greeks complaining that the eu wants to control them and that the bankers are screwing them and that the troika is evil and all this other deflecting nonsense . 
  greece belongs to the greeks and it were the greeks who voted for bad politicians and who supported them when they were handing out jobs and favors . 
  it were greeks who took out hopeless loans and took off with the money and yes the greeks voted for these people . 
  so , yes , you are fucked now , you were fucked over by your own fellow greeks . 
  the german , dutch , finnish etc. 
  people who are now forced to support you are not to blame for what greeks did , stop denying your responsibilities . 
  for people who claim to have invented democracy ( a ridiculous claim by the way ) you do n't appear to understand it very well . 
   you fucked up and now is time to man up , shut the fuck up and get to work . 
  it 's your country and your responsability . 
  this . 
  you 're twisting his words , people `` living off the trash '' etc. 
  may be the unfortunate result of people not having lived within their means before . 
  eventually your debt catches up with you . 
  apparently people are * still * not learning this even when reality hits them on the nose which , to me , shows that a simple handout would not solve anything . 
  maybe when people are forced to save up and consider their spending they will finally demand the same from their politicians , when greece finally reaches that level of political maturity a simple handout starts to make more sense . 
  everything eventually goes down in history , how is this any different ? 
  yeah , a borderline communist party will surely make the greeks finally pay their taxes . 
  a one-way trip to the gulag might be the motivation they need . 
  fifteen upvotes so far so i guess there are at least fifteen active greek redditors during the day . 
  must have a lot of spare time ... 
  so you suggest spending more money that spain does n't have ? 
  how will spain recover from a crisis if there are no banks left or willing to invest ? 
  face it , banks are ( however much south europe refuses to realize this ) essentially a privately owned public sector . 
  without banks our economies simply would n't work , companies need short term loans to make it to the end of the month and people need mortgages for houses . 
  i 'm not a fan of unaided trickle-down politics because the usa shows that that does n't work but to assume that a simple `` redistribution of wealth '' would solve the spanish problems is also inane . 
  if everyone has money but nobody has a place to spend it because companies have all gone tits-up your communist fantasies still ( like always before ) fall hopelessly short of reality . 
  if that were true the greeks would have humongous members , i do n't see that in this graphic . 
  i was hoping for a good explanation for their behavior , alas , no luck . 
  you guys can downvote this guy all you want but i have yet to see a socialist government do well without a fat wallet to work with . 
  stop hurting my feelings , i was going to call you an asshole but i 'm above that , 
  is n't it interesting how so far you 're being proved completely right , 
  before everything is blamed on austerity again i would like to point out that the establishment of greater debt would also not have been a solution . 
  the only way to avoid the bankruptcy of greece would have been to pay for most of its debt with money from other eurozone members . 
  in theory that may still happen of course but more likely greece will flounder economically and socially and eventually leave the eurozone . 
  then greece will print cheap drachma and for a while it will be essentially unable to buy much of anything abroad , after a couple of years things will pick up and the greeks will reestablish themselves , this time as a poor , troubled and angry nation . 
  history books in the eu and greece will contradict each other for centuries on the causes and effects of the imposed measures . 
  just guessing though . 
  that typical british humour . 
  so a country that is massively in debt rejoices at the thought of moving a part of its debt to other countries , * quelle surprise * ... of course eurobonds are one of the biggest steps to the integration of europe , all economies and policies will have to mesh together for eurobonds to make any sense . 
  clearly then germany , the netherlands and finland will be entirely against such a coarse measure until south europe moves towards a more austere spending pattern . 
  as this does not at all appear to be the trend at the moment with the election of francois hollande in france ; the political craziness in greece and the apparent failure of measures in spain and italy the chances of eurobonds becoming a reality are at best remote . 
  - edit - if you 're going to downvote me at least make the honest effort to reply and give your own opinion . 
  it 's not surprising , during the 90 's we created a housing bubble by speculating ( further boosted by the mortgage interest deduction ) which we 're now finally slowly beginning to deflate . 
  all this because the euro-crisis demanded exactly that sort of reforms . 
  rather than taking the greek way out and letting everything go down the drain policy has been geared towards careful deflation of the housing bubble while also reforming pensions and healthcare . 
  basically the country is at the dentist having a root-canal and right now we 're in the middle of it , give it time . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( nominal ) _ per_capita, 
  our economy grows most when the german economy grows hard , like someone else already said in this thread the dutch gdp is already quite high so growth would never be particularly large anyway , the forecast for 2013 is something like 1 % growth . 
  with a gdp per capita of [ $ 33.928 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_the_netherlands ) 1 % growth is $ 339,28 per person which really is n't that bad , comparatively 2.9 % growth in romania means an actual increase of $ 284 per person . 
  you 're right , concepts like culture and social pressure are nothing but neo-liberal nazi-german propaganda ... 
  the greeks say a lot of things , history teaches us that these things are not to be trusted blindly . 
  where the fuck do you get off acting like the victims here ? 
  to compare a german moping because of all the money the greeks wasted to a nazi in a concentration camp defies all logic . 
  this egocentric externalizing bullshit may fly in greece but outside of your circlejerk it 's just bizarre !, 
  i love the idea of a unified europe but the accession of turkey would just ruin everything for me . 
  historically , geographically and culturally - even now - the idea of letting the turks join is abhorrent to me , i would give up all support for the eu were it to happen . 
  hedge fund managers world wide probably wore their party tie to work the day after they heard hollande had won . 
  when europeans fail to see the merit in not spending money they do n't have it might as well make * someone * rich because god knows * we * wo n't be for much longer . 
  could we stop discussing the nonsense this populist buffoon spouts ? 
  please , it serves no purpose and represents only the views of unwashed illiterate rabble . 
  a majority of the other parties is in favor of esm anyway so this is pointless banter , only more exposure for this raving nonsense . 
  for as far as i know we 've just agreed to sign into the esm , there was some debate of course but we 're going along with everything . 
  the compact was a thing the dutch government strove hard to establish , this is one of the reasons why when the government fell there was enough support to form a temporary alliance of parties in order to design a fiscal plan for 2013 that is intended to lower the budget deficit to at most 3 % ( as stipulated in the compact ) . 
  [ ninja edit !, 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_fiscal_compact ) the wiki page shows you who ratified the compact and who did n't ( yet ) . 
  how did we not pass ? 
  we have kept out deficit under 3 % for next year have n't we ? 
  why do we bother posting these things ? 
  nobody here seems to care about the netherlands anyway . 
  the only thing more bizarre than this statement is the realization that this is essentially the level of political discourse in greece . 
  for fuck 's sake !, 
  greece scammed the eu into admittance and then sucked every last undeserved euro from it and now it 's the greeks who are the victims ?!, 
  it 's just as ridiculous as the fiction that corruption is not a way of life for the average greek , is that why half the houses have re-bar sticking out of the top ? 
  rather than all this externalization it 's high time for the greeks to shut up and buck up , i do n't feel sorry for you at all . 
  well you drown a little faster if you left before you got a lifejacket . 
  makes sense , thank you .
