  i would like it if we could just go back to disliking all religions with equal passion . 
  they ` re all crap and they ` re all just ways of controlling people after all . 
  do n`t forget that christians are also quite intolerant of things like gay rights and women ` s rights , just look at poland for example . 
  the only strange thing about what cameron does is to admit * out loud * that he wants an * \u00e0 la carte * europe . 
  why would any other leader not want that ? 
  it 's the best of both worlds , you get to have the cake and to eat it too !, 
  any democratically elected leader who would not * want * this is an idiot . 
  cameron is not to be blamed for wanting it but rather for being stupid enough to have created a situation in which his hand would be forced to spill the beans on his true desire . 
  negotiation in europe right now seems to be basic brinkmanship , especially the way the germans went up against the greeks was nothing short of bizarre . 
  they unnecessarily created additional economic damage by blubbering on about principles without any other goal in mind but greater power within europe before the new , apparently inevitable , federal europe crystallizes . 
  rather than true diplomacy and give-and-take inspired by any real * vision * on the future of europe our leaders see the future of our continent only as a short-term electoral tool which is probably the most convincing and alarming sign of where the eu is heading ; a bureaucratic behemoth riddled with corruption and small-minded idiocy . 
  rules are invented and forced on the people by only very indirectly elected officials and often create absurd situations like the definition of what a `` straight cucumber '' is supposed to look like , who needs that ?!, 
  do we really need any of it ? 
  or is any union consisting of just france and germany enough to ensure peace in europe ? 
  i would much rather be part of a union consisting only of france , germany and the benelux . 
  and quite frankly , they can have them . 
  as a dutchman , what act is that supposed to symbolize ? 
  which would fall roughly under `` wages '' and mean the money would be spent on stuff like yachts and swimming pools which would generate vat and income for people who sell yachts and swimming pools . 
  my point is not that there would be a trickle-down effect but rather that thriving companies are more useful to a country than just as a source of tax income . 
  so when a company makes a decision to maximize its profits entirely within the law it 's suddenly `` tax evasion '' ... 
  they 're paying less tax because they moved to a country that decided it makes financial sense to institute a low corporate tax . 
  that 's not tax avoidance , that 's business . 
  it 's how companies grow big and get to employ a bazillion people , what they do n't pay as tax gets spent on wages , innovation and investment . 
  do n't forget that people with jobs also pay tax . 
  there must be a tonne of them ... 
  i take this to mean that at this time the other 50 % has not been caught yet . 
  that 's maggie ** de block ** ( i shit you not ) . 
  she 's the minister responsible for immigration policy in belgium . 
  they do n't firebomb people or shoot ak47 's at the offices of other parties . 
  as long as the donkey is cool with it i do n't really see the problem . 
  was greece always fucking retarded about politics or is it a recent thing ? 
  then i guess it ` s a shame that many people will never see that full program because they wo n`t want to go to marseille . 
  i know i wo n`t , i like having all the windows in my car and having cash in my pocket . 
  seriously though , the only thing that could change marseille is lots of time and money and even then that would probably just shift the problem to banlieus or nearby cities . 
  any which way you spin a possible uk exit from the eu includes a definite risk that the uk ` s economy would suffer considerably . 
  trade with the usa would need to go through a pretty staggering amount of growth to compensate ... 
  as a dutch person i would * love * for people to stop talking about weed whenever the netherlands comes up . 
  like the man said , it would be * amazing * . 
   also , most of you are not used to traffic jams . 
  we live in one of the most densely populated areas on earth , so ... 
  damn right !, 
  get your grubby hands off of our black petes !, 
  and for the record ; i do n't care if people call me a racist because the term is bullshit . 
  black people are not a race , just easily offended . 
  looks tasty but by the looks of it the grease in that could probably kill you ( or at least give you acid reflux that will make you want to kill yourself ... ), 
  oh look another american projecting american cultural views on another country . 
  how about we all stop this nonsense discussion right now and all get a life . 
   around 130 km/h in the right lane sounds pretty good but how does that work with trucks etc ? 
  surely they do n't drive at 130 kph ? 
  oh and , dank je , 
  i 'm all for free trade but i have n't forgotten sopa ... best be careful . 
  lol `` orders of magnitude ''   slow is more specific . 
  now that makes much more sense , that pisses me off too . 
  what would be an acceptable speed on der autobahn for a german ? 
  ( just asking because i 'm going to hamburg for a few days next week ) . 
   netherlands : like a cute little mini-germany who invade our mountains every year with their trailers . 
  also shit drivers . 
  i 'll accept everything but the `` shit drivers '' crap . 
  germans have somehow convinced themselves that they are great drivers but i have yet to see the evidence . 
  if you 're looking for shit drivers go to belgium , spain , italy etc. 
  ah the true englishman !, 
  you forget that flanders is not an island . 
  that 's what you get when you have what is basically one country with a part that 's in denial , 
  do n`t be surprised in the uk is n`t missed as much as you expect . 
  to remain independent as a nation state is a typically british fantasy , it ` s based on the notion that if all goes wrong the uk could just `` pull up the drawbridge `` and sit things out . 
  after all ; it ` s worked before , has n`t it ? 
  if europe burns britain does n`t suffer nearly as much which seems to reinforce the island mentality . 
  while western europe struggles to put an end to centuries of division and strife the uk seems to be fine with it . 
  while the eu equalizes the income divide and works to reduce financial mismanagement and corruption in eastern europe the brits see everything as an assault on `` the city `` ; while the eu helps the poorer nations in the union to build infrastructure the brits , one of the richest nations , complain about being a net contributer . 
  to be brits the eu is explained as a trade agreement because to imply that the empire is over is blasfemy . 
  to the rest of europe the eu is a future without war in the continent ; prosperity though trade with our neighbours ; spreading and gaining knowledge by sharing it unimpeded by nationalism ; safety from outside agressors like china ( and the usa in a way ) and better rule of law by reducing corruption and transnational crime . 
  to point at the imperfections the eu has now without realizing the advantages it has and can bring is senseless . 
  if the uk holds a referendum and decides to go it alone it would be a real loss to the union but at least the union would get a chance to grow , develop and prosper without the continual british spanner in the works . 
  lets be honest , we 're looking at you guys ruining your last relationship so it 'll probably be a while before we would consider careful dating ... 
  in the second one germany looks like our rapey uncle ... 
  well there 's certainly something we can all agree on !, 
  i really do n't like it , the sour taste is just overwhelming next to the fries . 
  also , your fries are pointlessly thick , the fun in a fry is the delicately fatty crunch in the crust , not the doughy insides . 
  a good fry has * some * of the powdery , doughy insides but not so much as to drown out the crunch . 
  belgian fries are all fat and powdery potato with way too little of the delectable crunch . 
  i fed this to an indian once , fucking loved it . 
  holy crap !, 
  that looks awesome !, 
  i would love to be able to go for one of those after a night of drinking !, 
  as a chemist ... wow !, 
  do you twitch sometimes ? 
   get the slipper i knew hitting people with shoes was an insult among arabs , is this the source of this saying or does it just mean kids get slipper-slapped if they misbehave ? 
  the denser sorts of bread eaten in northern europe are more suitable for consumption with toppings that would just run through the breads you guys eat . 
  also ...  and we buy it fresh every single day . 
  you have to because it 's only edible for one day ... 
  he 'll still be a great actor with a famous name . 
  also , he 'll still be rich . 
  also , free publicity , actually , not free ; profitable publicity . 
  that changes nothing about the fact that a very rich man like depardieu pays close to 80 % tax in france now . 
  i can understand why that can motivate someone to move away . 
   he 's just tired of paying 85 % of his income as taxes . 
  but that 's not really what 's happening here , though , is it ? 
  the tax is 75 % on earnings * above 1m euros * . in belgium , it 's 50 % for earnings above 1m euros . 
  with a 75 % tax rate you do n't need to earn many millions per year before the first few steps become irrelevant and the actual paid taxrate is close to the top-level . 
  do n't forget vat , that comes on top of the outrageous 75 % he 's already paid .
