  i believe i made a reasonable case for why the combination of corruption and `` free money '' ruined greece . 
  i 'm not saying that banks being too easy with loans are doing anything right , i 'm saying that politicians are supposed to know and act better . 
  that does n't make the banks less responsible , they were always irresponsible . 
  it makes the greek governments responsible for bad practice and for leading their country to ruin . 
  as for alternatives i think there is one single viable alternative and that 's correctly applied austerity . 
  austerity is not a punishment , it 's sensible policy that leads to fiscal stability . 
  of course it hurts when austere policy leads to pension cuts etc. 
  but those pensions were only possible when running on deficit spending , in any meaningful long term policy that avoids a complete greek default they will have to be cut . 
  another alternative is a complete failure of the greek state . 
  in my mind that 's both unacceptable and unnecessary but it 's also fast becoming unavoidable because the greek government has painted itself in the wrong corner . 
  verbal enough ? 
  are you being dumb or playing dumb ? 
  banks that do n't give a fuck about the consequences of their lending have always existed . 
  just like corrupt politicians and clientelism have always existed . 
  when the two come together things usually go horribly wrong pretty quickly . 
  in greece the accession to the ez masked the effects a little longer than usual which gave the greeks time to get used to a standard of living they are n't rich enough to pay for without continuous deficits . 
  now greece is going through the collapse that was always going to happen and rather than accept that life is going to be a lot less great for the coming decades they try desperately to stick to what they used to have . 
  on a personal level i can understand that people do n't want their standard of living to decrease to balkan levels but as we say in dutch ( translated roughly ) `` at some point the shore will turn the ship '' . 
  ships crashing into shores usually cause a bit of damage but typically the ship is worse off after the crash than the shore . 
  or * they have asked * and the russians said `` fuck no , nobody in their right mind would lend greece money right now '' . 
  that 's from the onion right ? 
  right ? ... 
   reasons are n't important . 
  reasons are the only important thing . 
  the outcome will always be hard to predict but the underlying reasons are what motivate people to try to shape the future . 
  europe not wanting another genocidal war is an important reason and fundamentally more important than the outcomes of an economic plan invented to make that happen . 
  we can reshape the economic policy but the desire to live safely is immutable . 
  i think they 'd be down the hole for a lot longer than that . 
  greece will be another balkans nation with a bad track record , investment in greece is going to be near-zero for a long time . 
  also i think much of the eu will be pleased to put some clay between them and the refugees from africa and the middle east . 
  not to mention losing a few thousand km of coast line that need to be guarded . 
  all these `` benefits '' ( think of them what you will ) in exchange for the loss of 10m poorly productive people and a ton of market volatility is probably a good deal in the eyes of many eu politicians and might well be why nobody has come to greece 's rescue so far . 
  even the governments of the countries with traditionally more economically `` loose '' policies are being suspiciously quiet with regard to greece . 
  not for any particularly noble reasons though . 
  they also tend to end in the gruesome demise of the protagonist . 
  note that a number of argentina 's creditors fucked them right back until this very day . 
  defaulting like that is a thing that haunts a nation for a long time afterwards . 
  at least argentina can pull stuff from the ground and sell it , greece is a lot less fortunate in that respect . 
  which , while understandable , is a big part of the problem right now , is n't it ? 
  the one from 1990 tells a story , holy crap . 
  a difference would be that dutch and danish would fit in reasonably well in germany . 
   to who `` to who ** m ** '' , generally if it you can put `` to '' in front of `` who '' it should be `` whom '' . 
  i do n't even know where to begin it 's so blindlingly obvious ... 
  the electorate voted the successive governments into power that bankrupted greece . 
  the greek electorate in majority kept voting for people who stole money and allowed others to do the same . 
  either through corruption , crime or tax evasion . 
  this makes the electorate of greece responsible for the current state of greece . 
  in a democracy you ca n't separate the government from its electorate , one would not exist without the other who judges its performance and decides whether or not a government should continue as it did before . 
  are you arguing that greece is not a democracy ? 
  otherwise you can , you really can . 
  that 's how the tip touches the bowl you idiot . 
   and putting it 's own people first ... that 's only true if you consider ripping off the other peoples of europe acceptable . 
  [ i usually do n't do memes . 
  you seem to live in the illusion that `` being rich '' is something we can all do together in this world . 
  in simple terms being rich means `` owning more things than the other '' . 
  if everyone has an equal amount of things nobody is rich , it just is n't how psychology works . 
  keeping africans away from our wealth is n't racism , it 's greed . 
  greed is what motivated us to build this continent in the first place and it 's what made us rich enough to act as though socialism works . 
  i , for one , see little in this pseudo christian notion of sharing our riches `` because it 's the right thing to do '' . 
  i 'm not convinced any particularly humane methods exist when population growth in sub-saharan africa forces  100k people per year to come to europe . 
  like it or not , europe is going to be more and more of a fortress in the coming decades . 
  you say that as if you know what you 're talking about but the actual words of your posts indicate otherwise . 
  so this time the wall will be in some country nobody actually cares much about except the russians ? 
  sounds like a good deal . 
  i would be thrilled to read your post again in more detail with les acronyms and more explanation . 
  it sounds fascinating . 
  if that is n't already in the game it damn well should be . 
  might as well with a bone structure like that she could go into boxing . 
  i did n't mean to imply the crisis was made up . 
  what i meant with `` manufactured crisis '' is that the crisis was probably caused on purpose by the russians in order to force the americans to withdraw nuclear weapons from turkey , in that sense the crisis was `` custom manufactured '' by moscow . 
  he 's one to talk . 
  his expression is fucking gold !, 
  an entirely manufactured crisis , there were * already * nukes on cuba , had been for a while too if i 'm not mistaken . 
  also , fuck russia . 
  it is a dangerous country with aspirations to oppress their neighbors as they did before , any means to contain them is worthy of consideration . 
  i never understood why that was limited to coins , why not make blanket rules for the bills like `` 5 $ note : must be green , be 120x62 mm , contain signatures of these people , must have the following general layout , here is an area where you can put someone or something awesome ( to be approved by the other eurozone members just in case so we do n't get someone overly controversial on the note ) '' . 
  you 're not , evidently . 
   inflate their way out such a weak excuse , `` inflating your way out of trouble '' simply means ripping off your own people without them noticing too quickly . 
  i dream of the day when that is a thing . 
  take your turkish nationalism somewhere else this is / r/europe , not / r/asia . 
  as opposed to what other country exactly ? 
  it ca n't be the netherlands because our pisa scores are * higher in every category * . 
  so apparently our schools * and * our infrastructure are better . 
  it feels to me like an inventory of countries where war is most on peoples ' minds as much as one of their willingness to fight . 
  here in the netherlands there is no inclination to go to war `` to protect the fatherland '' ( note : * vaderland * , not * moederland * in dutch ) because there is no pertinence to the issue . 
  protect it from whom ? 
  at present we are surrounded by allies on all sides in a world held together by the threat of nuclear war . 
  there are more useful things to worry about . 
   but the debt is still rising you do n't solve spending by taxing more , you solve it by spending less . 
  lowering taxes frees up money for the people who are supposed to be spending it which is to say the people that make it and not the government . 
  that should appeal to you surely ? 
  [ defqon 1 ] ( https://youtu.be/fn1gw8phkai ) is fucking awesome !, 
   dutchies ca n't drive for shit did a belgian just say that ? 
  seriously ? 
  belgium , the country with the absolute worst drivers in europe . 
  just that famous flemish inferiority complex i guess . 
  you would be surprised how many underground parkings were built in recent years . 
  it really is much less messy than it was a couple of years ago . 
  are you kidding ? 
  that 's almost body temperature , as some point it 's hot enough and everything on top is just unpleasant .
