   seriously , this got ta be freaking expensive . 
  i ca n't see this materializing , not with 3 types of engine and liquid h2 stored aboard . 
  well not with that attitude . 
  an unusually bias-poor look on things from the economist !, 
  my bikes ' tires are * kind of * soft . 
  not really soft , just not really hard . 
  i ca n't quite be bothered to look for the pump so every day the ride is marginally heavier than it needs to be . 
  yeah , it 's pretty bad . 
  many things are possible when an effort is made . 
  i do n't think we need to have equal numbers of people , we do need to be on the same scale though . 
  half a billion is probably enough considering the fact that we do not border the asian nations but are on the other side of eurasia . 
  if we can form a sufficiently powerful bloc we can hold our own . 
  the slavic world does n't need to `` be our bitch '' , they are ( as far as i 'm concerned anyway ) an important segment of the european population . 
  as for subduing russia , that 's not the domination of the slavic peoples of europe , that 's the domination of a country that time and again shows itself to be undependable and dangerous . 
  do n't forget the peaceful approach to russia has been attempted after the wall came down . 
  the only thing that got us was a more powerful russia to invade its neighbors . 
  evidently russia in its current form is not to be reasoned with . 
  what 's your point ? 
  you 'd rather lie back and see europe dwindle into poverty and obscurity ? 
  assuming for a second you 're not just living up to your username ... our current politics ( both on a dutch and a european level ) are conducted in the framework of a dominant usa which supplies military coverage to a militarily neutered europe which in return subserviently complies with american foreign policy . 
  this status as a protectorate is exactly what could be broken by a united europe . 
  part of that process of emancipation would be to gradually integrate and upgrade our military capacity including further development of our own short and long range missiles . 
  after all it becomes more worthwhile to invest in military technology if there are tangible benefits including investing in our own industry . 
  i do n't quite understand why a saudi king does n't just buy an island in the aegean . 
  much more privacy , no protesters , no need for police on the beach and even better weather . 
  in its current form , yes . 
  the rebate and the constant desire for exemptions of all sorts are poison to the very concept of a political union . 
  the assumption that no political union is is required for trade is a straw man . 
  to facilitate trade it 's * useful * to have some degree of political union so as to unify standards and arbitrate trade disputes etc. 
  but it was never said that the eu should only be a trade union . 
  the eu needs to be a political union because countries with tens of millions of inhabitants will not be players in the world of the future . 
  the world as it develops right now will consist of a few power-blocs centered around billion-people nations like china and india . 
  should future europeans want to live in the same comfort and wealth they live in at present they must unite now and form their own bloc with a sufficiently large population so as to be able to deal with other powers on an equal footing . 
  for the same reason it would be very useful to quash russian aspirations once and for all which is another thing that would be much more easily achieved by a united eu . 
  in short to unite is the only way forward that offers europe a shot at wealth and power in the future and the uk 's membership * in its present form * is toxic to that only chance . 
  therefor , unless the british fundamentally change their stance on the eu i would prefer it if they left . 
  this map is surprisingly accurate . 
  holy shit yes !, 
  [ 2:05 ] ( https://youtu.be/jozamxo2bde?t=2m5s ) again and again and again . 
  european stimulus for the local production and consumption of food should be the next target of the cap in my opinion . 
  at first we needed to secure our food supplies and now we need to diversify and reduce the locality of our food supply as much as possible . 
  if potatoes can be grown locally for local markets they should be , same for pigs , cows , carrots etc. 
  it would save massively on emissions from trucks , encourage local , smaller scale agriculture and it might do something to reduce animal suffering . 
  aside from that the downward trend most farmers are seeing is n't going away . 
  food production is enormously efficient nowadays and a large part of the low prices is the ample supply which will only get better if a number of farmers leaves the market ( either by switching to other crops/livestock or by bankruptcy ) . 
  the farmers in france at least choose the right group to blame ( though strangely they target another group ) . 
  farmers have been having a terrible time here for years now , not because of the sanctions but because of the ridiculously low pricing set by the supermarkets . 
  to then , when the russians apply sanctions , act like the russians are the ones putting our farmers out of business is nonsense ; it may have been the final straw but it was n't the root cause of the problem . 
  a country with borders as porous as the romanian border ( at least then , i doubt it 's fundamentally different now ) has no place in schengen . 
  fix your country so you 're good enough to join the cool countries in stead of calling people names for doing something you would also do in the same position . 
   dutch agriculture was already greatly hurt by the russian food import ban hahaha yeah we 're all bleeding out the ears here !, 
  what nonsense , we 'll just sell the flowers we ca n't get into russia to someone else . 
  russia is a ridiculous country to do business with anyway , god only knows what their word is worth . 
  belgium is just below us , 
  these camps need to be dealt with as soon as possible or they 're going to be a breeding ground for radical islam . 
  i was under the impression that this sort of behavior was basically expected of the lords ... 
  definitely poland ; pretty country , pleasant people . 
  so how about they stop producing things for which demand is so low ? 
  let them produce something of value in stead . 
  i 'll upvote any man in orange !, 
  [ lieutenant-colonel karremans shares a drink with ratko mladic , the serbian commander that would later oversee the genocide of thousands of bosnian muslims . 
  ] ( http://www.nrc.nl/stevendejong/files/2011/07/karremans.jpg ) after decades of relative peace our country had grown pacifistic and ignorant of the realities of war and geopolitics to the point where we sent poorly armed `` peacekeepers '' to protect the enclave of srebrenica from the serbs before there was a peace to keep . 
  airstrikes promised by the french , british and americans failed to materialize and the muslims were taken away and slaughtered . 
  a government fell over this national trauma and many of the troops came back forever traumatized , it 's a painful issue to this day . 
  we 've never agreed to a significant military operation without sending our own airplanes since . 
  rightly so as it turned out when in afghanistan air support during the [ battle of chora ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_chora ) was almost withdrawn until colonel van griensven threatened to remove the dutch f16 's from nato control if he had to . 
  you can actually , plenty of room in the rest of europe for 3 million skilled workers and if the no-voters had had their way it 's probably what would have happened too . 
  it 's one of the reasons why voting no was so stupid , most people with transferable skill sets would have left the country to build a life elsewhere in europe and greece would have been left with not only massive unemployment and a worthless currency but , even worse , an almost complete lack of experienced personnel to help the economy back up . 
  150 animals die to feed people !, 
  how about the millions of pigs and cows we `` massacre '' every day ? 
  if you ca n't stand the harsh reality of eating meat do n't eat it , otherwise grow up . 
  when you 're dutch france is that country you always drive to or through on your way to your vacation . 
  france is also a country that is well-known for its seemingly endless strikes , combine those two facts with the way the strikes are being conducted right now and a lot of people are n't going to risk it next year . 
  also greece is cheap right now ( for tourists ) so there 's a nice alternative . 
  people work hard and save up to go on vacation and then some a-hole ruins it because he wants to go on selling a product people apparently have insufficient demand for . 
  these `` protests '' are as pointless are they are selfish . 
  also , this will hurt the french economy because tourists are going to avoid france next year . 
  i would n't necessarily call those socialist policies , if anything they were populist policies . 
  finally the leftist prime minister does something leftist , good . 
  i 'm not very left-leaning myself but if you 're going to be socialist about things at least be a socialist about things . 
  god knows greece can use a touch of socialism these days . 
   there 's a weird tone in this article - all this `` sniffy '' `` sneering '' `` superior european '' `` we think americans are stupid '' stuff . 
  i know a lot of americans think europeans are this way , but it 's really strange in an article from a serious newspaper , written by a journalist living in europe . 
  seriously !, 
  who writes this crap ? 
  `` oh yeah i vividly remember when we all got together , all 500 million of us , to call other people stupid for using ac when it 's hot '' . 
  this has nothing to do with journalism . 
  so the same color as the netherlands , czech and austria then . 
  i always hear the german figure is not representative because of many , otherwise jobless , people who have subsidized partial jobs . 
  is that true ? 
  any ideas what the figure should realistically be ? 
  so first they murder 300 people including 200 dutch and now this ?!, 
  i hope russia gets run into the ground and kept there , fucking scum . 
  the south of it is quite nice , the north is basically brabant which is basically a province sized pig farm . 
   yes , if that would happen and if germany would give greece the freedom it needs for actual modernization and reform . 
  but it does n't . 
  the most blatant and most hurtful example is how sch\u00e4uble is still threatening a later grexit . 
  how the hell is anyone supposed to invest into the country when it can be kicked out any day on germanys whim ? 
  sch\u00e4uble does n't represent the will of the entire eu , not even the will of angela merkel right now . 
  i think sch\u00e4uble has been a useful bad cop but now that the game of brinkmanship has come to its climax it 's time for a more reconciliatory tone and merkel knows it .
