  in fact it 's the popular opinion . 
  try and tell the / r/europe circlejerk that you find the french , on the whole , an annoying group of people and count the downvotes . 
  what you said is no opinion it 's a statement of fact . 
  a rather coloured one at that . 
  varoufakis was n't `` pushed out '' for having a different view , he was eventually `` pushed out '' because he chose to completely ignore the political reality of the moment in favour of his own economical views . 
  the man lives the sound of his own voice so much he was willing to make others listen to it at the expense of the greek people . 
  that 's certainly one , utterly deluded , way of looking at it . 
  for all his knowledge he did n't get very far when it mattered did he ? 
  the gentleman on the right looks chuffed about it though . 
  the problem here is the artificial distinction between a mandate `` from the people '' and a mandate `` from the commission '' . 
  as i understand it the commission is supposed to be working * for the people * . 
  they all are . 
  her statement , even if * legally strictly speaking * is not wrong is morally reprehensible simply because it makes the implicit point that the commission etc. 
  are not , fundamentally , there to work * for the people . 
  * and i have a problem with that . 
  it 's still not the most exemplary spirit for an official to have in my opinion . 
  is n't malmstr\u00f6m the woman who said she was n't beholden to the european peoples ' opinions ? 
  [ oh fuck off ] ( http://www.dutchnews.nl/news/archives/2015/10/drenthe-village-gives-up-blockade-refugee-buses-arrive/ ) . 
  '' ** afsluit ** en '' - verb that means `` to close '' , `` to seal '' . 
  elongated mound of soil and stone to deflect bodies of water . 
  the `` afsluitdijk '' is the dyke that closes the `` zuiderzee '' off from the sea . 
  the construction of this dyke turned a large sea-arm into a lake called the `` ijsselmeer '' . 
  now learn about it pronunciation !, 
  this map could also be called `` i too have seen that austin powers movie '' . 
  i guess mistakes were made then, 
  / r/asia must be thrilled !, 
  no-one said you were , that does n't mean making making friends now and again is n't a good idea though ... 
  both pretty and amazing !, 
  god i hate belgium so much . 
  i have no idea about the rents , my frame of reference is being a medium-wage dutch tourist which means everything in wroclaw was super cheap . 
  it was pretty hipster friendly with cool little bars everywhere with lots of different styles of coffee and hip pierced youngsters everywhere . 
  i liked it . 
  threatening to leave seems to be a bit of a thing for the british ... 
  i went to wroc\u0142aw this summer , saw only normal looking , nice people . 
  i guess ross kemp 's problem is that he seeks out football hooligans , not exactly the best and brightest . 
  out maybe eastern europe finally outgrows the whole sad `` we so poor and pathetic '' phase and join the influential countries of the world . 
  probably not though . 
  easier to bitch and moan from the sidelines . 
  i do n't know but that person is a hero . 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about !, 
  [ hnnnnnng !, 
  economic partner ? 
  sure . 
  good ally ? 
  not convinced . 
  i absolutely disagree , the belgians are no ally . 
  they 're just close . 
  just like the germans are n't our allies , they 're merely suppressed oppressors ( look at them go the last couple of years ) . 
  our only good allies through the centuries are the british and the americans . 
  they provide the support we need against the germans and the french . 
  gouda is not in the south . 
  it does n't help that he insists on being such a douche all the time . 
  i think `` khow-da '' would bee closer but it 's hard to explain the proper pronunciation of the guttural g. 
   holier than though it 's actually `` holier than * thou * '' . 
  it 's because our women would rather dick about for 20 hours a week than get to business properly . 
  because a breakthrough project like secession requires input from pretty much everyone involved . 
  in this case that means essentially all mentally able people in catalonia . 
  unless a significant portion of those people have a sufficiently strong desire for independence it just wo n't happen because maintaining a reasonable * status quo * is always preferred over an uncertain future . 
  tldr ; life in catalonia is not suffiently bad * in spain * compared to * outside of spain * so people ca n't be arsed . 
  which tells us catalonia will never be independent . 
  at the risk of sounding callous , here 's a sixth :  meh . 
  the result is not particularly clear and so not particularly exciting . 
  countries do n't secede with roughly 50/50 divisions on the important issues , that happens when  90 % of the people in a region have a strong opinion . 
  that seems not to be the case so nothing will come of this . 
  it 's not , he 's just posting the amsterdam circlejerk . 
  cool !, 
  i can almost see where i grew up in the first picture !, 
  i love how every polish man has more or less the same face . 
  not german . 
  not exactly thrilled either . 
  europe needs leaders with vision , merkel and hollande are not those leaders . 
   if anyone cared about greece they would be awarded debt relief . 
  because a country that squandered billions deserves our tax money ? 
  is this union supposed to be charity ? 
  i thought it was impossible almost everywhere else in europe . 
  turns out i 'm just surrounded by idiots . 
  hear . 
  nobody actually posted anything of the sort . 
  is this known or assumed ? 
  i was under the impression the whole g\u00fclen thing was only brought up later to justify erdo\u011fan 's power grab . 
  a bit like varoufakis was in his day . 
  i think they 'll be equally successful . 
  you realize russia has an economy the size of italy 's right ? 
  hardly enough to thwart the reu . 
  this could read like a map for who eats the healthiest food just as easily as it could like a map of who lives long enough to die of a heart attack instead of lung cancer or gunshot wounds . 
  the only ways that could be the case are if they get significant outside help from countries like the usa , russia or china or if the eu is run by complete incompetents . 
  the first scenario is not materializing so far , the americans and the chinese have shown no inclination to throw the british a bone and the russians have n't the money . 
  the second scenario , counter to popular opinion among eurosceptics , simply is n't the case . 
  people just tend to forget how difficult it can be to steer 27 european countries in a common direction . 
  holy shit , that rumbling coming from the mountains !, 
  i actually do n't think ceta is quite so impopular . 
  after all , if the belgians are against it there must be something to it . 
   just because they 're going to die soon does n't mean we should just ignore them . 
  i think it does . 
  giving them and their antiquated way of thinking exposure will do nothing to change their minds but it might inspire some youths . 
  lettings them fade into obscurity is much more effective . 
  by now it 's pretty clear that they have not succeeded in doing that . 
  also , what alternative do you suggest ? 
  jailing half of the german population ? 
  they 're really not that relevant either .
