   i really can see no upside to voting no . 
  that 's because you ignore the associated costs . 
  it 's not our task in life to improve ukraine , that 's up to the ukrainians . 
  as for the reputation of the eu , that 's pretty much in tatters anyway . 
  to ruin our relationship with the russians in favor of ukraine is a bad trade . 
  not because i like russia but because it 's there and we benefit most from a stable border . 
  i say these things in this thread , it 's not like i would go to belgium just to tell people their country is crap . 
  that 's because it is . 
  then what 's the fucking point of doing away with it in the first place ? 
  this sort of thing makes it easier to both love the eu and vote no in the referendum . 
   the issue i have is with voting on based on things not actually relevant to the question of the referendum ( general feelings about the eu , accession of ukraine , ... ) . 
  i guess an important question is whether or not these things are in fact entirely separate issues , i think for many people they are not . 
  why wait until it 's too late ? 
  we 've seen before what happens in the eu if things are allowed to proceed . 
  not to mention the fact that even the aa is undesirable , the cons outweigh the pros which should be reason enough to have a vote now . 
  if juncker , van baalen and verhofstadt have their way it will be . 
   if you are worried about # 2 , you will only contribute to making ukraine more corrupt by voting to reject the agreement . 
  by that logic we should try and make the entire world e.u. 
  member states eventually . 
   if you vote yes , a dozen years down the line ukraine ** could ** be the new romania , which is setting new standards in the fight against the corruption , and not only for ex-eastern bloc states . 
  emphasis by me . 
  or maybe , just maybe , ukraine would be the next bulgaria with a new pro-russian dictator , they seem to go back and forth on that after all . 
  or maybe another poland when they suppress free press and an impartial judiciary ? 
  the point is we have no way of knowing and little reason to expect it . 
  in the meantime we 'll have another member that will be happy to accept our money and give little in return , which is exactly what we 're seeing from the other eastern european countries in the refugee crisis . 
   so the question is , do you really care about ukraine 's future in the fight against corruption , or are you using that as a superficial excuse to dismiss it ? 
  false dichotomy . 
  you do n't have to `` not really care '' about the ukrainians to care about yourself . 
  there are plenty of unfit countries that we should not be pulling into the eu and ukraine is one of them . 
  the argument that we have plenty of aa 's already and `` one more would n't hurt '' is nonsense ; we 're obviously not making chile an eu member state . 
  ukraine on the other hand has been offered eu membership time and again . 
  the eu should be a political bloc , not a forced charity . 
  to invite a completely corrupt , politically bankrupt country into the eu , especially based on some nebulous notion of `` general kindness '' is asking for trouble . 
  well ... 
  is n't eurozone gdp about 13k billion ? 
  right now the ecb is printing 960 billion per year . 
  so , more like 7 % ? 
  i know , so do i but i wanted to stay away from that boring old discussion for a change . 
  i saw no '' / s '' so ... holland consists of two provinces ( north and south ) in the west of the country . 
  it 's pretty much the densely populated part you see in the figure labeled `` nederland '' . 
  holland/the netherlands yeah yeah ... 
  then why are there photographs of people giving nazi salutes at fp\u00d6 meetings ? 
   withdrawing from a union is n't the middle-finger . 
  withdrawing from a union in a time of dire need absolutely is . 
  even if you would like to think otherwise , here in mainland europe it 's absolutely felt that way and ultimately that 's the political climate the response will be formulated in . 
  bruh ! ... 
  mind you those guys actually joined the waffen ss , a fair bit more extreme than what most collaborators in the continent did . 
  also , there is no reason to assume there were n't any english working for the german intelligence services . 
  especially since the [ buf ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_union_of_fascists ) existed there was clearly fertile soil for collaboration in the uk had it ever been occupied . 
  [ well technically ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_free_corps ) ... 
  i 've been to wroclaw , it 's really not very visible at all from the old city center . 
  for a long time i thought that was a `` koepelgevangenis '' ... 
  i ca n't be the only dutch person who does n't want flanders , surely ? 
  i like nothing there , the cities are meh , the people are unfriendly and the infrastructure and corruption would take billions of euros and decades to overcome . 
  it 's a mess and they do n't like us ( they 'll tell you every time ) so how about they keep it and stick to themselves ? 
   the threats are coming because they want uk to leave and gain power over the control of the eu ? 
  that one of course . 
  and the expression of an opinion that carries a clear negative effect for the other party might just as well be considered a threat . 
  the only reason we ( the dutch ) wanted the uk in the eu was to thwart an overly powerful berlin-paris axis . 
  it should be no surprise that threats are coming exactly from those two countries . 
  i often wonder if security would n't be better served by better relations with russia . 
  in which case a `` gentleman 's agreement '' on ukraine between the eu and russia makes more sense . 
  i do realize how bitter that must be for the ukrainians of course but it seems as though the only alternative is war which is surely even worse . 
  i know this is an impopular question but what bugs me is `` what 's in it for us ? '' . 
  i have n't heard many useful answers to that question yet . 
  surely this should not only be a form of charity ? 
  typically british : `` fuck them for trying to have a better life ! '' . 
  like you would n't do the same thing . 
  in the meantime the greeks are being shafted because racism in eastern europe means refugees are being left to rot . 
  history will not look kindly upon this mess and the people who exacerbated it so needlessly . 
  going from 10.4 % in december to 10.3 % now sounds more like stabilization to me . 
  also i wo n't what the error in those numbers is . 
   not democratic by any modern standard . 
  [ the fallacy in your argument is explained here . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/no_true_scotsman ) what constitutes a `` modern standard '' ? 
  who decides this ? 
  you ? 
  the real reason the commission is not accountable enough is not the means by which the commissioners are appointed but the lack of interest most people show in their government . 
  it 's a shame too because it used to be great . 
  merging with the french was a serious mistake . 
   edit : i find it hard to believe rome being more dangerous than tirana or sarajevo !, 
  map is utter bs . 
  this is all about perception . 
  the constant worry that a gipsy might steal my wallet or phone was probably the only thing i did n't like about rome when i was there so i would say the perception of crime is surprisingly insistent in rome . 
  i actually would n't be surprised if the typically dutch trait of not liking top-down management had something to do with what happened . 
  its tantamount to willfully inflicted harm to our economy and thus our country . 
  to act as though we 're just interfering with the sovereign democracy of the uk when we complain is what 's ridiculous . 
   instead of respecting their democratic freedom . 
  that 's such a bizar argument . 
  it 's like saying `` we 've had a vote , we 're going to bomb your country . '', 
  and then complaining when the other guys shoot back . 
  when a british vote affects us to the degree a brexit would ( new crisis anyone ? ), 
  you better believe we 'll `` shoot back '' . 
  anyway , if the uk leaves ireland would still be an island trading overseas right ? 
  we 'll just sail around the uk . 
  it would be the first time we benefit from the uk being an island . 
  it 's a democracy , that 's supposed to be essentially the same thing . 
  to call boris johnson `` the mayor of london '' is to deny that he is a serious contender for leadership of the tories and you know it . 
  also i do n't think many companies are going to just sit out the two years of negotiations when the uk leaves , they 'll find a mute secure spot somewhere in the eu . 
  oooh i like this one !,
