  because reckless spending was working so much better ? 
  ouch !, 
  too soon man !, 
  holy crap ... those cops do n't look like they have any training at riot control at all . 
  are these people wearing skates specifically designed in universities ? 
  wearing suits tested in wind tunnels ? 
  that 'd what i meant when i said `` go at it '' . 
  take a particularly rich first-world nation with a somewhat obscure hobby and let them go at it with a passion for a few decades . 
  yeah everything is magically going to change now that this one guy shouldered his way into power . 
  wow !, 
  talk about crossing a line running ... 
  what 's especially good is the fact they take titles so seriously they bothered to include `` dr. '' on the emblem !, 
  dutch here , just had two for dinner !, 
  sometimes when i 'm riding my bicycle and i happen to be holding an umbrella i 'll try to stab a few on the way to work !, 
  turkish entry into the eu would by no means guarantee entry into the schengen area so no . 
  to answer the question in a broader sense , i do n't think it 's unreasonable to question the chance of success for the union when we allow a people like the turks in . 
  turkey is a country with a repressive government that imprisons journalists and lets protesters be shot in the street . 
  a country rife with corruption , nepotism and culturally inspired violence . 
  all in all not a people that i admire or wish to share a border with . 
  here in the netherlands we have a lot of problems with turks who have dual nationalities who identify as turks even after decades of supposed integration into dutch society . 
  immigrants of most other nationalities do n't have these problems ( some do ) and to cause the same problems all over europe because we were too politically `` correct '' to learn from past mistakes would be a real shame . 
  good . 
  the union is shaky enough as it is right now , the inclusion of turkey would turn me from a strong supporter of the eu into a staunch opponent . 
  that was so fucking awesome :d http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bokito_ ( gorilla ) . 
  europe contains the least corrupt countries on earth . 
  what a ridiculous title . 
  looming ? 
  since the bubble is being deflated housing prices have dropped by more than 20 % . 
  i could just as easily slap you around the ears with this list ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( nominal ) _ per_capita ) . 
  we would be trading either way so your economy would not be lost to us were we not in a common economic union . 
  to spend dutch money on corrupt southern europeans seems a bit pointless sometimes when apparently you guys stopped caring . 
  i did n't even mean to hurt your feelings with my post ( though i suppose i may have ) but i honestly wonder how much bullshit we have to put up with in order to make this union work . 
  this should come from two sides . 
  this is why - as a dutch citizen - i sometimes wonder if spain , italy and greece should be in any union we 're in ... 
   you know , their actual policies and voting history ? 
  no , i do n't . 
   yeah , and everyone benefits from that equally . 
  \u0ca0_\u0ca0 why should they ? 
  i want that everybody has a fair chance of making a good life for him/herself . 
  there will always be people with talents that others do n't have that will have it better because of their talents and what they do with them . 
  inequality is a natural and inescapable thing , we should strive to lessen this inequality to a tolerable degree but otherwise leave people to live their lives . 
  endless rules and forced attempts at societal change have never come to anything . 
  comparing anything to an obviously poor equivalent is pointless . 
  the only possible outcome is `` we 're doing pretty well '' . 
  the housing market is in a transition from unrealistic prices back to a normal level , this deflation of housing values was always going to happen . 
  this is probably the least painful way ( still hurts though ) . 
  eventually things will improve ( they already slightly are ) . 
  only the fringe idiots actually believe that leaving the eu makes any sense at all . 
  ask around and see what `` real people '' say . 
  the media would have you believe all is bad while in reality things are nowhere near as stupid . 
  this . 
  in dutch there is a saying among students that goes `` kennis is goed maar kennissen zijn beter '' . 
  it means `` knowledge is good but knowing people is better '' . 
  the worst thing is knowing that things will inevitably come to a head at some point and then you 'll be stuck with populist crap all over tv for a decade . 
  for examples look at the netherlands and denmark . 
  i understand the sentiment but i think you 're overdoing it . 
  consensus is has its optimum , too little and nothing gets done peacefully and too much and nothing impopular that needs to get done gets done . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  stop misrepresenting d66 as a party that 's only in it to better themselves . 
  the whole point of liberal democracy is self actualization . 
  let people make their own money by empowering them through education and universal rights and freedom of religion . 
  the right wing parties often strive for partially overlapping ideals which makes supporting some of their ideas logical . 
  and we 're paying for it by the constant devaluation of the dollar that we are more or less forced to keep in reserve . 
  so keep your panties in a bunch please . 
  this is cool !, 
  i might make one for the netherlands tonight !, 
  is this still going on ? 
  i have n't heard much about it for a while now . 
  apparently the amnesty proposal was too thin but otherwise i 've not heard much ... is there still much violence ? 
  is it likely that more will change than mere reversal of the anti-protesting laws ? 
  she once submitted a motion to ban the - obviously cruel - fish bowls because apparently all of the more pressing concerns had been dealt with . 
  i 'd say your first picture does n't really feel like holland to me , i 'd pick something like this . 
  that 's right . 
  the `` partij voor de dieren '' is an actual thing ... 
  they have 2 out of 150 seats in the house of representatives ffs !, 
   also do n't forget the country is divided . 
  many people do n't agree with the protesters . 
  how would you estimate the possibility that ukraine will split into two ? 
  chemistry phd here , what the fuck is a `` climate expert '' ? 
  dutch person here , did these idiots ever hear of dikes and dams ? 
  divide and conquer in its purest form . 
  yatsenyuk seemed to be falling for it too . 
  naught ? 
  in that particular case over 100.000 i think . 
  who is asking for war exactly ? 
  influence and shooting at people is not the same thing ( necessarily ) . 
  what would you suggest they do ? 
  when exerting influence the primary choice is between the carrot and the stick , which would you choose ? 
  more importantly sanctions would hurt the people primarily and only then the government . 
  the ukrainian government would have reason to ask the russians for more financial support and they would be only too willing to supply it . 
  ukraine would be `` saved '' by the russians in the eyes of the ukrainians . 
  it would achieve the * exact opposite effect * from what the eu would want to achieve . 
  we should find ways to strengthen the people and weaken the government . 
  the very fact that that statement is not a contradiction is why we should do everything in our power to make it happen . 
  that 's what the world needed , more french ... 
  i 'm still half wondering if it 's a real language to begin with . 
  it seems to me like an elaborate practical joke . 
  there is no way french is a real language with all those rules and superfluous letters that do n't mean anything ... 
  i hated it in highschool . 
  both black people in sweden can be pleased .
