  it does . 
  it 's not allowed to make people stateless but it 's certainly possible in this case . 
  it took the english one week after invoking article 50 to speak of war against another european country . 
  if ever i doubted the `` eu = peace in europe '' narrative that put it to rest definitively . 
  i think there * is * a drain on the sympathy for israel which is fueled by the ongoing cruelty of the israelis against the palestinians and incidents like the israeli marines shooting 9 turks on an aid ship headed for palestine and the 2009 shelling of gaza city with white phosphorus ( against soldiers it 's one thing but against civilians in a densely populated city wtf ! ), 
  also as more wwii-survivors die out fewer people remember and feel responsible for the holocaust and israel is seen more as an established state than a start-up which brings greater expectations to behave decently . 
  then maybe the germans should n't have pushed greece to bankruptcy . 
  they could have made a proper effort to avoid it rather than using greece as the linchpin for their european-scale game of chicken . 
  in stead they chose to position themselves as the indispensable element in the union by consciously pushing it to the brink and then carefully holding it there . 
  this is kingmaking on a european scale and if it goes wrong we might be in serious trouble . 
  my question was more general , i 'm aware of what consensual means . 
  why would anyone care what an animals ' opinion on a subject is ? 
  why would we need its consent ? 
  [ citation needed ], 
  not that i necessarily disagree with you but this basically means you afford animals the same rights as humans here . 
  if you really support such a standpoint ( again , no judgement ) then i guess you must be a vegan ? 
   fucking an animal is animal abuse . 
  if that is the accepted view on bestiality then there is no requirement for a new law because laws against animal abuse already exist . 
   so you , like mr. kiok , think an animal can express consent ? 
  i never said that and i do n't appreciate being grouped with zoophiles simply because i oppose your childish views on such a subject . 
  childish because you imply a human would require consent from the animal , do we require consent before we slaughter an animal or when we wish to use it to carry loads or passengers ? 
  we slaughter animals for food and we use them for work and transportation and when they do n't comply we force them . 
  now i personally do n't think having sex with animals is particularly desirable but to say it goes beyond what we already do to animals is nonsense . 
  to then imply that consent is required as it would be between humans is therefore irrational , you demand it because people having sex with animals disgusts you . 
  to forbid others to do it who are not so disgusted by it ( or in fact enjoy it ) is therefore a moralistic imposition as i said before . 
  the law as it is now seems fine to me , if the animal suffers it qualifies as animal abuse and it is illegal , if the animal does not suffer ( as far as can be objectively established ) no animal abuse has taken place , perhaps you find it disgusting ( me too ) but there are many things that i find disgusting that are not ( and should not be ) illegal . 
  there already are laws against animal abuse . 
  the only reason to expand the law with a new law that essentially includes nothing new can be to impose a certain morality . 
  i do n't believe codified law should serve as a pamphlet for certain people 's views . 
  basically this is the british being condescending to the welsh in the most passive aggressive way possible . 
  not because it 's that bad but because it could be * much better * . 
  the current vmbo is n't a shadow of the old mavo , it contains the kids that are too weak who would do better in the old vbo and the kids that could do better are held back by them . 
  the havo is a prepping ground for the almost-but-not-quite-good hbo 's where the grade is simply lowered until a certain percentage passes when a course is actually challenging for a change . 
  unfortunately similar problems exist in the vwo , it does n't get close to decent until you get to universities or mbo 's . 
  schools spend huge sums of money on new buildings they do n't need and fire teachers when the money runs out because of it . 
  this increases the pressure on the remaining teachers which causes them to spend less time on students than they could/should . 
  it would be so great if our governments could stop `` managing '' our educational institutions as though they were for-profit organisations and let actual professionals take care of it . 
  it 's been said before but if the dutch system is that good by comparison i feel sorry for the rest of the world ... 
  why was this downvoted ?!, 
  this makes a ton of sense . 
  the morality of rewarding the most obstinate nation in the union by supporting its bid for a few cold rocks in the sea right in front of another , friendly , nation ? 
  if a huge common market and lasting peace in europe are n't enough of a `` chance to improve pr '' perhaps the audience is the problem . 
  if this rather one-sided account holds truth then of course she did n't deserve such treatment . 
  i 'm not denying anyone their right to believe and espouse ridiculous things , just marveling at the fact that some people actually do and have an audience . 
  what drivel , surely people in greece get over this sort of nonsense once they leave highschool . 
  right ? 
  i was beginning to wonder if anyone would ever notice ... 
  * sigh * . 
  because holland is a part of the netherlands , there are 13 provinces and noord holland and zuid holland ( north and south , obviously ) are just two of them . 
  both seem to be used commonly , just netherlands always sounds a bit strange to me . 
  go the netherlands !, 
  did his hack consist of paying someone off ? 
  i 'm a chemistry phd . 
  that is such a retarded stereotype about our country !, 
  i wish we could be known for technological innovation or the delta works or our wealth or our healthcare system or anything !, 
  but that stupid , fucking marijuana-hype !, 
  i think more people in the uk or france or spain or greece or italy use it than here !, 
  why a `` cloud '' of dutch ? 
  austerity is simply the concept of not spending money you do n't have . 
  all the rest of it is simply ways of getting to that situation . 
  if people are being paid more than they earn cut their salaries . 
  if people are working less than they should be for that money ( competitiveness ) make them work more hours . 
  if money is being spent on stuff like pensions that is n't there without borrowing cut pensions etc. 
  it hurts in the short term but in reality that 's just people having gotten used to an unsustainable situation in which borrowed money and borrowed time are running out . 
  the greeks apparently got used to a level of luxury they could n't afford and to accept and get used to the new more realistic situation takes time and hurts their feelings . 
  to cut spending and base monetary policy on a more austere spending profile is the only way to avoid slowly selling ourselves to the chinese . 
  with all due respect ( especially for the children , women and elderly who have no say in the matter ) to get involved will likely result in a mere cessation of violence rather than actual peace . 
  there have been many examples of western intervention in the past century . 
  every time intervention caused chaos and death and , if anything , apparently even more animosity towards the west . 
  why should we repeat that cycle ? 
  it may seem cruel to let the situation resolve itself because so many die in the process but do n't forget that western democracies also were n't formed under outside pressure . 
  after centuries of strife and conflict the situation more or less stabilized and i do n't believe the middle east will ever settle into stability if others continually interfere . 
  the pro-iran croud in this case is the syrian army , they fight for the alawite bashar al-assad who is backed by the iranians and the russians . 
  the simple fact is that it is known that the saudi 's ( sponsors of islamic hardliners worldwide ) are sending weapons into syria in a bid to supplant the alawite government ( supported by local christians ) with a government based on a more orthodox interpretation of islam . 
  they do so with american support because the americans are n't too fond of russian influence in the middle east . 
  this civil war has become a proxy war , it is a struggle for domination of the middle east because if assad wins the russians maintain their influence thus maintaining their two-pronged vice-grip on turkey ( an ally of the americans ) . 
  if assad loses the russians lose an ally in the middle east which in and of itself would be profit for the american camp . 
  the downside is that the saudi 's get their way and it is entirely probable that syria will , for the foreseeable future , become an orthodox islamic nation in the middle east . 
  here 's a small selection of news-articles that all point toward a strong , growing influence of islamists among the syrian rebels . 
  considering the attacks on israeli border-posts in egypt and the attack on the american consulate in benghazi it sure would fit in rather neatly with a resurgence of islamist fundamentalism in north-africa and the middle east . 
  now that the repressive governments that kept them in check are gone ( in no small part thanks to their `` help '' ) they 're seeing their chance for power and taking it . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-20079317 http://rt.com/news/syria-rebels-assad-islamists-699/ http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/syria/9606691/syria-despatch-rebel-fighters-fear-the-growing-influence-of-their-bin-laden-faction.html http://www.nytimes.com/2012/10/15/world/middleeast/jihadists-receiving-most-arms-sent-to-syrian-rebels.html?pagewanted=all http://www.pbs.org/newshour/bb/world/july-dec12/syria1_10-15.html http://articles.latimes.com/2012/aug/22/world/la-fg-syria-christians-20120822, 
  when both sides in a war are against you there is nothing better to do than sit back and wait for them to whittle each other down . 
  hopefully the supply of weapons is just enough for them to maintain a sort of balance and do just that , otherwise this will end badly no matter what . 
  these `` rebels '' are nothing but saudi-funded extremists and other islamist crackpots , they 're no better than the government at all . 
  possibly worse . 
  giving them weapons only serves to depose a pro-iran/russia president ( al-assad ) but it will be trouble later . 
  just look at afghanistan and what happened to the cia-supplied weapons there . 
  this is a bad idea , a very bad idea . 
  rarely do thread titles so closely resemble new-speak . 
  if germany would leave the euro-zone the remaining euro-policy would be dictated primarily by the southern nations like france , spain and italy . 
  the remaining northern countries would probably not wait for the `` inevitable '' loosening of the regulations and bug out too . 
  in effect a new situation would probably come into existence : 2 `` euro '' 's . 
  a northern one and a southern one , of course the northern one would have a different name because the euro would still exist but it really does n't matter . 
  the effects spelled out in die zeit only apply if the remaining eurozone were to stay together which means the prediction is invalid . 
  more importantly the germans would be idiots to bail from an arrangement that puts europe 's faith in their hands . 
  comparisons to hitler 's aspirations have been made a million times already ( unreasonably so imho ) but it 's undeniable that germany holds * a lot * of power over the european continent at this moment . 
  to destroy the euro would be to voluntarily relegate this power . 
  well otherwise our state would be headless ... 
  do n't fool yourself , a president is just as useless .
