  the general consensus appears to be that the hydrogen will need to be incorporated into hydrocarbons or at least alcohols like methanol , ethanol or ethylene glycol if storage is ever to be a viable option . 
  much research is ongoing into the combination of hydrogen with carbon dioxide to form such fuels . 
  just my 2 cts . 
  no kidding so the usa actually forces others to join in their wars ? 
  that `` coalitions of the willing '' is only propaganda ? 
  no shit . 
  it happens more than you think , many brits are still fighting the second world war , 
  perhaps they agree with me that turkey is n't really europe ... 
  no it 's not , to tailor laws to fit certain cases means the government intends to take the role of the judge which is a gross violation of the separation of powers in a modern society like norway 's . 
  the fact that this man is an extreme case should not be a reason to modify the law , a judge should make such calls and not a parliament . 
  the original bill for \u019225 ,00 worth of gold was yellow  a `` rooije '' ( sometimes `` rooie rug '' or simply `` rug '' , which is dutch for `` back '' as in your back ) was a bill worth \u01921000 ,00 . 
  knaak = \u01922 ,50 ( coin ) joet = \u019210 ,00 ( bill ) geeltje = \u019225 ,00 ( bill , means `` yellow '' but the bill was actually red ... ), 
  you 'll understand once she 's your queen , 
  i 'm also pro , i think flanders should be a part of the netherlands again . 
  the flag could be changed back to orange white and blue and the country could be called `` de verenigde nederlanden '' again !, 
  lot 's of people are , `` oh hero brinkman ... 
  is n't he that guy who hit someone ? 
  do we really want such people in parliament etc. '', 
  is a much heard sentiment but i think it detracts from sensible discussion . 
  i really do n't see why that 's such a big deal , in many countries parliamentarians hit and headbutt each other ** in parliament !!!, 
  ** maybe we should worry less about such incidents and more about the much more vile and unacceptable things the government is doing right now !, 
  oh how vicious !, 
  one of the parties ( outside the government no less ) made a little website where people can report on the problems caused by eastern europeans . 
  a group that has actually been causing a trouble in cities and the countryside . 
  certainly tact was not involved but to act like this is the start of the next holocaust like so many people in europe seem to be doing reeks of diversion . 
  how exactly is this supposed to help their situation right now ? 
  i 'm confused . 
  the lire and the drachma were both basically worthtless because the mo was to continually engage in debt and then silently default on it by `` inflating their way out of debt '' . 
  it 's unsustainable and if it takes a harsh lesson so be it . 
  yet it is !, 
  to finally get south europe to retire at  65 is a good thing !, 
  to finally force rich greeks to pay their taxes is a good thing !, 
  to get people to stop spending more than they have to spend is a good thing !, 
  southern europe needs to catch on to the fact that the days of engaging in debts they never intend to repay ( which is what `` inflating your way out of debt '' really is ) are over !, 
  remember that `` huge public sector cuts '' are only possible if a country ** has a huge public sector ** to begin with !, 
  you 're probably partly right . 
  for electoral reasons it might be advantageous for some parties to block romanian and bulgarian access into the schengen area , but i doubt that 's the only reason because generally the dutch do n't let politics get in the way of business . 
  in this case i get the feeling that a lot of dutch politicians were too afraid to speak up until it was embarrassingly late because of european pressure . 
  you see a lot of dutch people ( me included to some extent ) share the sentiment that the eu has grown too fast and too carelessly , the inclusion of bulgaria and romania would be the next step in this overheated process and is probably a bridge too far right now . 
  politicians knew this ( and many probably agree ) but did n't dare speak out until it was almost `` too late '' and so they had to go and make up additional reasons to deny bulgaria and romania access . 
  right now they 're probably trying to `` make the best of a bad situation '' . 
  the reality is probably that for many dutch people and politicians `` europe '' is a good thing until you include the balkan , partly because of srebrenica and partly because of the reputation and that this feeling could take a decades to weather away . 
  to many dutch citizens and politicians the fact that smuggling and trafficking ( drugs , cigarettes and * people * ) from bulgaria and romania will become * even easier * is frightening . 
  bulgaria and romania are already known for their '' * laissez faire * '' stance on legal matters and corruption and entry into the schengen area is unlikely to improve the situation . 
  at least that seems to be the general dutch opinion on the subject . 
  on the whole i must say i share the pessimism . 
  ( bring on the hate and downvotes for a bit of honesty . ), 
  so it turns out the eu had * beef * with the us !, 
  har har [ * rimshot * ] ( http://chzgifs.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/funny-gifs-rim-shot.gif ), 
  already ? 
  at least the germans might actually do something about that . 
  rotterdam is a 30 yr old workaholic that had it 's heart broken but got back on the horse and kicked ass !, 
  one must take the quality of a degree in account . 
  in the usa the exorbitant fees for the top-schools cause a severe grade inflation because a school/college/university that is dependent on the gifts of parents can not afford to bite the hand that feeds . 
  these are problems we do n't have as such in europe where schooling is arranged as a state-funded institution . 
  what we call apprenticeship and vocational training in europe are partially included in the american stats for * highly-educated citizens * because of the highschool -  college arrangement . 
  clearly . 
  so finally after much ado the actual underlying war of `` intentional inflation '' * vs * `` austerity '' is about to come to a head ? 
  good !, 
  ` let it ' i say , let us see if this union of ours is a union or really the `` fourth reich '' the greeks keep calling it . 
  after all , any good marriage includes compromise . 
  you got your metrics wrong , [ here ] ( http://youtu.be/zhtirywjqhy ) you can see a 5 mt explosion  ( actually even the t is wrong , these are not tesla 's we 're talking about here but rather ` tons ' which means the correct abbreviation is mton . ), 
  actually 6 out of 10 sounded like a lot more than i expected of the greeks . 
  thankfully not all poles are like you . 
  and `` dutchs '' is not a word . 
  i agree considering the greek and spanish unemployment numbers among youth are ~ 48 % now . 
  also i wonder how real these romanian numbers are , romania is generally even more corrupt than greece so who is to say these numbers are true ? 
  you forgot opeth !!!, 
  that 's what the americans said while greenspan was flooding the currency market with `` free money '' , if this becomes the standard mo to combat crises we are going to see a sudden devaluation of the euro once people catch on . 
  the euro needs a better inflation-management , it is evident that the current model is too northern for our southern neighbors who still think too much in cycles of debt -  inflation -  debt -  inflation etc. 
  this way ecb rules limiting inflation are basically pointless . 
  plato and aristotle would be proud of you . 
  i think the decline of interest in the increasingly ridiculous american popular culture has caused a resurgence in pro-homeland sensibilities . 
  germans have started waving flags again , the dutch seem to have concluded that the rest of the world is retarded and that they ( we , really ) can go it alone , a similar thing seems to be happening in england ( not the uk mind you ) and the french never cared for the usa to begin with . 
  perhaps this is just a phase we 're going through , maybe it 's the beginning of the end of the e.u. 
  as we know it and the pregnancy that comes before the birth of a new union , who knows ... 
  quite rightly too , why should want countries riddled by corruption and crime to be a part of our shared-border zone ?!, 
  trade is one thing but to relinquish our border-security for the sake of an ideal is a rather drastic step . 
  the dutch are a pragmatic people , i 'm glad we are . 
  for as far as i care the eu should have consisted of france , germany , the benelux , scandinavia , the uk & ireland , spain , portugal and italy . 
  that could have been a proper powerhouse , not the rotten , sub-democratic , hollowed-out ideal it is now . 
  i 'm dutch and i think of the greeks as europeans . 
  europeans who stubbornly vote for deeply corrupt politicians and refuse to pay tax while spouting bizarre rhetoric about how `` unfair '' it is when outsiders force them to catch up with the rest of the union , sure , but still europeans . 
  will i go to hell if i laugh ? 
  a valid point but it would seem to make sense that to avoid skepticism a rating agency my find itself forced to downgrade * even * the usa if it sunk low enough . 
  the integration of the financial and political world are nearly complete in the usa so a political motive is likely to be behind financial actions . 
  `` hours ostensibly on the job '' would have been a more fitting title to that graph . 
  seriously ? 
  `` my way of thinking '' ? 
  i 'm perfectly happy living in a country where people do n't suffer from the worlds biggest persecution complex . 
  this is downright rediculous , how about the greeks stfu and get to work ? 
  oh i see , so it 's really not all that bad !, 
  only three buildings burnt down is hardly a bad thing , is it ? 
  i 'm getting a bit sick of seeing greeks protesting , apparently it 's never their fault . 
  are these people retarded ? 
  how in the world would burning buildings down help in any way ? 
  whether or not the money is really for for the creditors or not is irrelevant . 
  the fact remains that the rest of europe is paying off debts the greeks accrued by being fraudulent and corrupt ( having enormous amounts of government officials doing nothing with a large paycheck using other people 's money is a form of political corruption ) . 
  i feel no sympathy for a country that complains loudly when creditors come for what is rightfully theirs . 
  much less still for a people that has the gall to first lie and cheat their way into a fiscal union and then abuse it for all it 's worth only to complain when people get angry about it .
