  there is n't a a shred of evidence to support the idea that harsher sentences and a more intrusive police can prevent `` trouble-makers '' from arising . 
  if anything it creates a disenchanted lower class that is * more * like to become troublesome . 
  i think the higher educated ones are nearly impossible to prevent from `` forming '' , these are idealistic youngsters with a cause to follow . 
  but the `` unwashed mass '' that also joins can certainly be stopped and i think its a case of * helping * them rather than * fighting * them . 
  someone with a future to look forward to and the freedom to pursue it in relative safety and happiness is much less likely to let that all go than someone who has nothing to lose . 
  here 's mine , france treats it 's poor and underpriviliged citizens like shit . 
  there 's a reason people in the * banlieus * set cars on fire a couple of years ago , it 's because they live useless lives . 
  they 're nowhere and going nowhere either . 
  give young people a chance to make something of themselves and this would n't be happening because radical islam would have no hopeless people to take advantage of . 
  maybe we should help the ukrainians fill them up a little more so the evidence is more obvious . 
  so 1.75 m. 
  i do n't really know if the standards here are different but to answer both questions ( kind of ) the beds in particular seem too small in pretty much every other european country i 've been to with the possible exception of germany . 
  also bending over so as not to crack your skull on doorways becomes a habit in older houses when on vacation in southern europe . 
  so because others are worse the russians are ok ? 
  i think that 's called a strawman argument . 
  that was quite a while ago . 
  the people that were `` liberated '' by the russians do n't seem to like them very much for it either . 
  although i agree ( i donate to * bits of freedom * if that means anything ) i think the real question here is * was it ever really in hand ? 
  as a dutchman this feels natural in a perverted sort of a way . 
  we 've always been good at doing business in the fringes of the ethical . 
  i can easily imagine one of the predecessors of minister plasterk thinking `` it 's a dirty job but someone has to do it , why not us ? 
  the general serbian attitude regarding the yugoslav wars is n't helping though . 
  you might be one of those french people we do n't like ... 
  a 2 percent rise is not that huge if it 's due to a temporary spike . 
  this does n't substantiate the notion of * growing resources * in russia at all . 
  that somehow looks like a flag the nazis would have come up with . 
  oh they 'll be there somewhere , do n't you worry . 
  mind if i call you stickbread ? 
  ah our resident russian shill is at it again . 
  then you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  you try and consistently brew good quality pilsener , you 'd fail miserably . 
  anyone can brew top fermented beers like the belgians , there 's no need to be a pedant about it . 
  i have my doubts about that , they 're both catholics but to say that limburg , noord brabant and zeeland are like belgium is clearly nonsense . 
  i think you 're just caught up in the notion that holland = the netherlands . 
   and since it 's a european project , it 's unlikely to ever succeed . 
  sometimes i wonder if you 're one of those paid shills from russia . 
  it sure would be nice though !, 
  we 've had zoute drop for centuries . 
  if that 's all we needed we were nordic all along !, 
  in not an * elected representative * . 
  varoufakis is . 
  oh is * that * what this is ? 
  this is pretty much how i imagined russian daily life ... 
   so pretty much the way the pro-austerity block has been dealing with the new greek government ever since it was elected ? 
  can you give an example of that ? 
  i personally ca n't think of one . 
  you 're not seriously implying that the request for debt payment ( of german debt to greece is this case ) was not made in the most unnecessarily insulting way possible ? 
  to then say that the discussion should not be a `` toxic blame game '' is disingenuous to say the least . 
  frankly what we need to do is split the issue into its individual components and treat them in parallel . 
  greece 's economy is causing trouble because of a fundamental lack of money . 
  we can give them said money but we do n't ( we = north western eurozone ) trust the greeks with it . 
  these can be treated as two separate issues , a lack of liquidity needed to kick-start the greek economy ( and others ) and a lack of trust in greek public officials . 
  we can print the money on the condition that an eu entity is formed to fight corruption ( needs to be able to indict corrupt public officials ) . 
  this would end the current , unacceptable crisis and fight the distrust in each other we all seem to share . 
  said the frenchman ... 
  this comes from the nation that constantly brings up a 70-year old war in international politics ... 
  a renewed nato consisting essentially of two large partners would be a perfectly acceptable step on the road to equality within nato . 
  if europe would finally get it 's shit together we could even become the leading member of nato . 
  as , frankly , we should be . 
  for as far as i care the eu = europe . 
  the rest is just fringe crud that needs to get with the program . 
  it surprises me how many dutch people seem to be ok with belgium . 
  i would n't live there if they paid me too ; the people are dour and unpleasant , the politicians corrupt , the roads terrible , the architecture horrid and to top things off almost half of them are essentially french ... 
  world war 2 was a tragedy and nationalism was one of the root causes of ww2 . 
  this means that nowadays nationalism it 's only really popular among neonazis and the like . 
  way to show cultural understanding and a general sense of historical perspective btw . 
  i agree with both of you . 
  this thread is mightily confusing . 
  hahaha , i can only imagine how awkward that must be to watch ... 
  sounds more like a nerdy black guy to me . 
  oic , come live in leiden . 
  you 'll be close to rotterdam , utrecht , the hague * and * amsterdam with an all-night train connection . 
  it 's also a pretty town with nice canals and * tons * on history . 
  it 's a university town so plenty of cool young people to meet should you want to . 
  just my two cents . 
  where did that question come from anyway ? 
  obviously . 
  i feel pretty average height-wise . 
  the exact same as you . 
   `` they 're our own flesh and blood . 
  but with ideas of their own and different conclusions . 
   `` so i do n't feel hatred towards them . '', 
  attaboy !, 
  never forget that the real enemies here are the oligarchs that make men fight and kill other men they 've never met only to maintain their lives as kings at the expense of the common man . 
  i 'm above average height even for the dutch masterrace !, 
  what game is this ? 
  because it 's fucking idiotic . 
   we do n't need to rule the world , and we 've always had good relations with the us . 
  unbelievable . 
  i 'm not sure whether this is spineless ; lazy or stockholm syndrome . 
  i vaguely knew the pilot , he sure existed for me . 
  just because some cynical keyboardwarrior did n't leave the house enough to actually meet people once in a while does n't mean those low standards apply to everyone . 
  it 's nice to see european leaders getting along so well . 
  i would have giggled in glee had i read this title ten years ago . 
  i giggled anyway . 
   its not like white super race we 're quite picky with these things . 
  well ... we call them brown here . 
  i wonder how well this would go down a little further away from the border . 
  well , that 's disappointing . 
  if the man in that photo was in the news for human trafficking i would have believed it in a heartbeat .
