  this all reeks of political opportunism . 
  i could n't find anything particularly inappropriate in the photos . 
  did i miss something ? 
  yes . 
  at least then your word is worth something . 
  even if you previously agreed to pay that sum of money ? 
  even when trust one the other side of the table will massively improve your chances of a good trade deal with your biggest trade partner in the world ? 
  this will just convince more of the world that the british are delusional . 
  those are probably made i the netherlands or germany . 
  you 'll be fine . 
  `` straight up getting erdo\u011fan votes '' implies a causality that is not as certain as you say it is . 
  what * is * certain is that we did not support the formation of a turkish dictatorship . 
  that 's all well and good but to accept the visit of the ministers so they can rally votes for this referendum would be unethical . 
  a referendum that essentially comes down to `` do you agree that erdogan should be dictator ? '', 
  is not something that we should blithely accept as `` not our business '' . 
  democracy is important . 
  not just in turkey but here as well !, 
  letting them have their way is even worse . 
  it would make us different complicit in turkey 's devolution towards dictatorship . 
   i wish this extends to all of europe ( as an european scheme ) and that it helps build a case for public support of our youth , especially in the domains of health care and education . 
  this would also help bridge the lack of visibility for eu actions in europe . 
  that 's actually a fantastic idea !, 
  where do we petition the eu to do this ? 
  how do you think normal exploitation of gas wells works ? 
  well obviously . 
  480c is certainly hot but shouldnt destroy stainless steel and as long as that holds up the pressure is no problem . 
  at least not to keep the lander in some recognizable form . 
  nope . 
  there 's hardly any sulfuric acid at the surface . 
  below 40 km iirc the atmosphere should be pretty gentle . 
  it 's a shitty moment when you actively choose to vomit because its better than the alternative . 
  except it does n't . 
  at all . 
  this thread makes you sound like an unpleasant person . 
  so contractual obligations mean nothing to you ? 
  hardly a good basis for a future trade deal if the uk ca n't be trusted to honour its word . 
  with the likely outcome that we wo n't . 
  this is n't so much about ditching the euro as it is about shutting up geert wilders . 
  good !, 
  we 'll finally be able to treat europe 's largest child cancer !, 
  so everyone can tell him to fuck off in person ? 
  does n't matter , send nudes !, 
  you 're an idiot . 
  i think he 's fucking cool but it might be a bit of a bro-speech . 
  a nato partner that colludes with russia and is on occasion . 
  if i were greek i 'd be wary too . 
  greece was run by typically extractive institutions devised to keep a select group of people in power . 
  there is a reason why the loans were taken , they made a few people very rich . 
  leaving the greeks to themselves would not have made things better . 
  to put it bluntly , i have no faith in the ability of the greeks to take care of themselves . 
  poor guy , it went right over his head . 
  i 'm not sure counting the number of dead is the best way to quantify military prowess . 
  in my experience that 's mostly true for english speakers . 
  many others seem to fit in much better . 
  perhaps there is a mismatch of sorts between dutch cultures and those of english speakers . 
  hardly , the sea keeps temperatures close to zero here . 
  when it gets cold enough it might snow but typically the snow melts during the day . 
  before the eu * there was no common immigration policy * . 
  no , it 's not . 
  stepping off of a `` sinking ship '' straight into the freezing water . 
  idiots . 
  the glee of it all !, 
  i 'm so curious what the british `` working class '' will say about brexit in 10 - 15 years time . 
  how is that pronounced ? 
  how about you go hide behind a dike somewhere while the rest of us deal with a changing world in a positive and productive way . 
  if you think your life would be better without the eu you 're sorely mistaken . 
  the brexit one with the guy punching himself is great . 
  the syrian `` guernica '' surprisingly painful to look at . 
  poor fuckers . 
  you believe to much of the nonsense they tell you in serbia . 
  brussels is not a foreign entity , it 's * us * . 
  a very strong speech from a very intelligent man . 
  we should listen to people like frans timmermans much more often . 
   how can you even be expected to be taken seriously ? 
  because in the end he 's right . 
  things in the eu are only as good as we make them and we and the people we choose to lead us are far from perfect . 
  that does n't make his underlying idea incorrect . 
  do you honestly expect the russians to settle down once they `` lose ukraine '' ? 
  so that 's why there are millions of mexicans in the usa ? 
  the most powerful nation on earth ca n't even keep its borders closed like you suggest . 
  you 're talking out of your ass . 
  seeing as how political correctness seems to have killed sinterklaas we 'll be celebrating only christmas with presents soon . 
  for dutch people there is [ this site ] ( http://www.iisg.nl/hpw/calculate-nl.php ) where they can compare money ( $ and \u0192 ) from different years . 
  apparently our money has depreciated by about * one third * since 1995 . 
  is it supposed to represent [ this monument near my house in maastricht ] ( https://scontent.cdninstagram.com/t51.2885-15/s640x640/sh0.08/e35/12940196_607347136108241_2000615969_n.jpg?ig_cache_key=mtiymzaxmdywmjawodyzody1ma%3d%3d.2 ) ? 
   you can not have a common currency and not be willing to invest in areas which are depressed when a recession hits . 
  the feeling here in the netherlands ( and likely also germany , finland and other skeptical nations ) is that if the greeks are unwilling to invest in the non-financial sense why should we invest in the financial sense ? 
  you know someone 's lying when there 's a place called `` paved road '' in belgium :d, 
  yes . 
  this . 
  the eu-army is purposefully opt-in exactly to prevent interference from unconstructive countries like the uk . 
  having been in the uk multiple times in the past 30 years ; you 're wrong . 
  you just know someone 's finger was hovering over the button watching the clock tick over . 
  good riddance . 
  that 's a hoe . 
  changing the status of the netherlands away from `` tax-haven '' is already one of the selling points of multiple dutch political parties and elections are coming march 2017 . 
   but try not to generalize and put every country in a bag . 
  i do n't . 
  i see that rhetoric on reddit generally falls in one of two camps , `` pro-austerity '' and `` against austerity '' . 
  the latter is generally sold as `` against big business '' and `` pro-people '' , a line i am not in favor of , especially considering how many people are misinformed as to what is actually being done about the greek sovereign debt crisis .
