  of course there are still people who support national socialism , the easiest way to deal with them is to wait until natural causes take them . 
  vague threats of the possibility of more exits . 
  this here is exactly why a soft brexit is absolutely not an option . 
  the eu would become hostage to every member state acting like pissed off teenage girls threatening to kill themselves if their boyfriend does n't do what they want . 
  the others chose not to vote , they gave their power to those that did . 
  that 's how democracy works . 
  even though people are not always happy about eastern europeans `` taking our jobs '' it really was n't an issue in this referendum . 
  i ca n't recall hearing it come up in any discussion . 
  the treaty includes giving ukraine weapons , materiel and training . 
  that means we 'd be getting actively involved in this war . 
  it 's that something you 're in favor of ? 
  this is how far our politicians are willing to go based on the geopolitical dogma that `` ukraine is the major geopolitical pivot in europe '' . 
  of course they 'll do anything to get ukraine into the eu . 
  minimum 50 % turnout seems best . 
  that way at least a majority of the people have spoken . 
  it would give referendums a lot more democratic legitimacy . 
  it 's definitely the path to an accession treaty though . 
  next thing we know ukraine gets foozled into the eu like greece did back in the day and we will have another one of these corrupt oligarchies within our borders . 
  no thank you . 
  i wish people would stop pandering this bs line . 
  more than 30 % of eligible voters needed to turn out for the referendum to be valid , they did . 
  more than 60 % voted against . 
  you do n't know why they did , they may well have had perfectly valid reasons . 
  all that matters is that they voted . 
  the people who did n't vote have no voice , it 's not up to us to just willynilly guess what they thought of things . 
  we only eat then when they 're in season , maybe that 's why ? 
   that means nazi germany is n't even an argument . 
  it 's always an argument in greece . 
  no matter what argument . 
   merk cockney rhyming slang ? 
  hnnnnnng !, 
  or we could seize the moment and adopt esperanto eu wide !, 
  everybody at the same disadvantage , no-one gets favored . 
  it 's the one and only prefect solution i tell you !, 
   a single rotation of an eight-megawatt turbine will cover the daily electricity consumption of an average british household . 
  holy shit , that 's awesome !, 
  this is wonderful but i have some reservations regarding the use of a single continental language . 
  reasonably we would also use the other languages occasionally , possibly based on the popular distribution of the reu . 
  it 's only fair , really . 
  politically that sub seems to be stuck in the late 90 's . 
  crosspost from / r/thenetherlands . 
  so that 's why those fuckers are n't making any money !, 
  the belgians were always revolting , really . 
  it was n't . 
  you just decided it was . 
  that 's not how discussions should work . 
  considering the bullshit tsipras and varoufakis tried to pull off just after their election this comes as no surprise . 
  - edit . 
  a quick downvote , i guess some things never change . 
  might as well then : i think tsipras and his predecessors are parasites to the eu . 
  greece leaving and reintroducing the drachma was always nothing more than a bluff but in the long run it would might have been a blessing to the rest of us . 
  out of 500 million eu'ians ... i.e. 
  here in the netherlands ( 16.8 million people ) that corresponds to 5000 people . 
  wow . 
  the question  are countries willing to pay taxes directly into eu coffers , and give up some legislative sovereignty ? 
  and the statement  i think aspects of the eu , like the eurozone , are so fundamentally flawed as to be impossible to maintain . 
  are fundamentally linked . 
  only when financial transfers from the richer north to the poorer south of the eu occur is the euro fundamentally viable . 
  such transfers require both political will and leaders with enough vision and drive to dare to stick their neck out and to suggest such a thing as a gradual and limited transfer of sovereignty . 
  i still have faith that in the near future such leaders will emerge in the eu and i would n't be surprised to see popular opinion sway as soon as people have an inspiring leader to follow . 
   entire countries are suffering from lack of investment . 
  countries that would otherwise suffer under the constant depreciation of their currencies and unhindered , veiled fiscal and economic mis-management . 
  greece may have suffered but is fundamentally more economically sound for it , the same goes for countries like portugal and spain . 
  in summary , i suspect we may be mistaking growing pains for a deadly disease . 
  the eu is not set in stone , it can * and will * change . 
  such change comes about slowly as it must go in step with a certain amount of trust and comes about through the action of the most bold of its members . 
  being united , for whatever reason , provides the eu with some political impetus which may well help to bridge some of the gaps towards a better eu . 
  yeah right , i have good experiences in every single country i visited but somehow it 's always france where i seem to meet mostly unfriendly , uncooperative people . 
  last time i was in france i was in grenoble visiting the synchrotron and i 've never had such a bad time . 
  we arrived in the evening and were met by a night guard who refused to give us the key until we walked to the sleeping quarters for no good reason at all * and returned * to the front gate ; all the while the envelopes with the keys were * right there behind him !, 
  * then we encountered multiple cashiers in the restaurant who refused to change money for coins for the coffee machines * in an institute where you have to work 24 hours a day !, 
  * every single french person of the personnel refused to speak anything but french * in a european institute !, 
  * the list goes on and on , pretty much every foreigner there was complaining about the french . 
  my experiences in paris and nice were not much better . 
  i 've never experienced such things in other countries and i 've visited most other european countries by now . 
  maybe i just keep on meeting the wrong french people ? 
  if it were n't full of french i 'd spend every summer there . 
   food prices went up because of that . 
  rising food prices are a typical source of political instability . 
  imagine the poorest of the uk suddenly not being able to afford their daily food anymore . 
   a rough exit of one of its main economies serves no one . 
  the predicament the british have placed us all in is that neither is a soft exit . 
  a soft brexit would make leaving the eu an option for other members which might well lead to a split in the eu . 
  it really boils down to what economic damage is the ideal of european integration worth . 
  since a fragmentation of the eu might eventually lead back to war in the continent i think it should be worth quite a bit of economic damage . 
  many in the `` 48 % '' voted to stay for misguided and self-indulgent reasons as well . 
  the amount of bigoted , insulting half-truths and outright lies that were spewed out over the peoples of the eu was shocking and little of it was ever disputed by the remainers . 
  objectively the amount of brits that deserve this kind of sympathy is a lot smaller than 48 % . 
  green tea has even more caffeine than black tea . 
   what 's the infnitive of `` pinnen '' pinnen . 
  heat exchangers are actually used . 
  the industrial steam is typically approximately 200c which is way too hot for a normal central heating system which typically use 60c water . 
  that 's actually brilliant !, 
  they 'd be crazy not to use that !, 
  [ english article ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/mh17-russia-ukraine-rebels-responsible-downing-malaysia-airlines-plane-prosecution-charges-vladimir-a7334246.html ) . 
  the article mentions that the jit has pinpointed approximately 100 suspects . 
  edit1 : the buk-launcher belongs to the 53rd anti-air ( aa ) brigade from kursk ( russia ) . 
  edit2 : mh17 was not shot down by another aircraft , the radar images leave no doubts . 
  witness reports further exclude the possibility of another plane , a scenario originally proposed by the russians . 
  edit3 : recorded phone calls between separatists and russian officials confirm that the separatists requested aa from the russians who agreed .
