  your answer makes me wonder if you read my post at all . 
  oh please , as if going on spending like greece was doing would have made any sense . 
  you 're just parroting people who love keynes but fail to see that anticyclic spending is only possible if you save up surplus during the upcycle . 
  if you only rack up debt it makes no sense to just rack up more debt to fulfill the previous debt requirements . 
  in that case you need to negotiate a haircut and drastically adjust spending which is exactly what greece went through . 
  greek debt was restructured to long-term , low interest loans to make it sustainable and greek spending was cut to actually be able to pay with money they have and not money they borrow . 
  greeks need to accept that greece is not a rich country that can live in relative luxury , it could only do that while borrowing massively . 
  as a dutchman , i 'll take another golden century please . 
  that sounds very dramatic except that `` dancing off the cliff '' wo n't actually kill them this time , it will only make them wake up in a country that is even worse off . 
  all that bull about the greek debt being impossible to ever repay is only true because noone trusts the greeks anymore to do business . 
  if greece were to actually make an effort to eradicate corruption and tax evasion investors might gain some confidence that an investment in greece makes sense , only in that case does greece have a future . 
  in stead greece voted for leaving the euro and a slow descent into anarchy , or even worse , fascist rule by the golden dawn . 
  lets see how many tourists come to greece when the gd rules . 
  what you do here is called a [ false dilemma ] ( http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/false_dilemma ) . 
  the reason ukraine only got a small amount is that it 's only a loan in name . 
  realistically this is a gift of course , they 'll never be able to pay it back after all . 
  that 's why they have n't gotten an insane amount of money like greece , you see the money that went to greece is coming back someday !, 
  right ? ... 
  worthless is a bit strong but considering how poorly economists did in 2008 in managing the crisis and predicting its consequences i 'd say economics took a huge hit in its credibility . 
  i suppose it 's a science but the predictive value of macroeconomics has proved to be very small . 
  correct !, 
  downvoting a post with zero points feels a bit superfluous but considering how shit this post is i just did it anyway . 
  what a fantastic building . 
  i 'm a big fan of futuristic architecture . 
  always remember , all politics is local . 
  they were very cautiously on the way up before syriza came to power . 
  he was elected , if he 'd made a decision it would already be democratic . 
  he has n't called for democracy , he 's called for an excuse now that 's he 's painted himself into a corner . 
  if the greek government did n't have a reputation for ineptitude already it would n't have been a big deal but they do so it is . 
  absolute nonsense , the greek debt consists of long term , low interest loans . 
  the fact that they have a lot of debt is irrelevant when the payments are so small . 
  what ruins greece is the enduring delusion that greece is being run into the ground by others than the greeks . 
  this is kind of what going bankrupt looks like . 
  no , it 's not . 
  typical british `` wishful thinking '' . 
  in my opinion it 's not just another country then , it 's a country * that used to be in the euro * . 
  them leaving is not just a failure for greece but also for us in the eurozone . 
  ideally i would see the eu , the eurozone \u00e1nd greece come out ahead at some point so that we can say we fucked up but at least something good came of it . 
  even though a yes vote would be better for everyone i loathe the prospect of having to listen years more of this bizarre shit from greece . 
  my personal preference is a `` grexit '' followed by a marshall plan of sorts . 
  the kind that some deluded british `` journalist '' wants to imagine because `` yurop is the source of all evil '' hurrdurr . 
  crap like this makes me wonder why people even read british newspapers anymore . 
  as long as there are rich greeks left who could be helping poor greeks i really do n't think the rest of europe needs to be doing that . 
  they have a leftist government do n't they ? 
  let them do what they 're supposed to do instead of blaming the eu/eurozone for everything . 
  partly because many of the posts here recently are poorly informed clickbait and partly because war and nazi/communist oppression have left people a bit fatalistic . 
  the latter is a bit less prevalent in western europe except for the uk where a lack of exposure to continental europe means people seem not to realize how things have changed in the last decades . 
  it depends how much money you have on you . 
  i 'm not sure if people will take the pounds but i can imagine anything will do really . 
  do you think you have sufficient money fit the rest of your stay ? 
  otherwise it might be wise to come up with a travelplan slightly shag of time . 
  it also strongly depends on the island you 're on , if tourism is big there things will probably keep in functioning a little longer than elsewhere . 
  i have no idea how the greeks will react when things go sour but i think you 'll be fine . 
  that 's not a haiku at all !, 
  utrecht does n't start with a core in gelre anymore ? 
  how the hell is anyone supposed to play utrecht now ? 
  squatters really , it 's not like they 're paying their rent . 
  insufferable man . 
  i wonder if some of the leaders of europe secretly want to see him flounder just because he 's so obnoxious . 
  just like they would stay in the eurozone `` no matter what '' ? 
  you better believe a bankrupt greece inside the eu would be the perfect entry point for russian meddling . 
  a greece that leaves the eurozone is a greece that leaves the eu . 
  i 'm not usually a fan of drone strikes but they might save many lives in this case . 
  [ citation needed ] . 
  do you even know what neoliberalism is ? 
  grow up . 
  he never said english should be wiped out , he called it `` unbearable '' in what was clearly a joke . 
  you 're making a fool of yourself . 
  jesus dude what the fuck ? 
  not everything critical in german needs to be labeled fascist . 
  it was tongue in cheek , we landed two reasonable jobs and make reasonable money . 
  we eat out a lot ... 
  maybe it 's harsh but i wonder if maybe it would n't have been better if the former yugoslavian countries had n't been kept out of the eu for a while longer . 
  they seem to me as though they 're far from stable yet . 
  had the kie\u0142basa , as many kinds as i could find . 
  was amazed to find we have sausages like these in holland too , apparently we have better sausages in holland than i always thought . 
  ( not sure about the spelling , pronounced gawampki ) . 
  if only the world knew how awesome they are ... 
  dude , relax . 
  combined income of 4600 euros , rent is 850/m . 
  it 's hard but we make it work . 
  i 'm in wroclaw right now , they do n't smile much for no reason but in a conversation they seem perfectly happy to me . 
  maybe i just do n't need people to grin at me all day . 
  clever of them really . 
  it 's only a matter of time before the french go on strike . 
  that 's great i suppose but as a tourist in poland right now i 'd be much happier to see poland introduce the euro . 
  although nuclear technically is n't fossil fuel it 's still polluting and non renewable . 
  i 'm pretty sure france could generate a lot of renewable electricity , they have mountains and lots of sunshine after all . 
  it did in dutch , i think it did in german too but i 'm not sure if `` rauch '' is used that way . 
  a beautiful example of a germanic rooted saying . 
  in german you would say `` es schmeckt nicht '' , in dutch `` het smaakt niet '' . 
  both literally translate to `` it tastes not '' . 
  to taste not only means `` to engage in the act of tasting '' , it can also mean `` to be tasty '' . 
  i deeply disagree with the idea that saying the greece is a corrupt country is `` a mantra '' . 
  as though i only say it because i believe it religiously and blindly . 
  i believe it because there is ample evidence to support the claim . 
  corruption is a real problem in greece and has created a deeprooted sense of insecurity in the greeks * vs. * their own government . 
  it has ruined tax revenues ( why pay a government you distrust ? ), 
  and it has made it impossible for business to thrive because it makes long-term investment dangerous and free enterprise nearly impossible ( having to bribe officials to get anything done , risking losing business because of unfair practices ) . 
  as for the `` spendthrift '' , what else am i supposed to call it when successive governments run substantial deficits * for decades * ?
