  i 'm glad our leaders can be chums together , it 's a good thing . 
  dutch here , sure . 
  our economy does well when the german economy does well , i have no problems with german success . 
  also contrary to the popular image i do n't think the germans are dictators , they are a reasonable people . 
  just because of the greek situation everybody acts as though hitler is back but i do n't feel that way about the germans at all . 
   it 's about democracy this argument always strikes me as bizarre from a country with a first past the post voting system . 
  it helps a lot that nobody will need to listen to you anymore . 
  it will also fail utterly . 
  currently the uk is in the eu which means goods and people can cross the border to and from the eu uninterrupted . 
  were the uk to leave the eu there would definitely be tariffs that do n't exist at present . 
  banking would move away from the city if that happened , i do n't think i have to remind you that the city contributes a significant share of the uk 's gdp ( 3.8 % iirc ) . 
   obviously the uk is never going to join the euro or schengen . 
  if that 's the case the uk will never be a full participant in the eu and it would be better for the other countries that * are * interested in further integration to do so without the uk . 
  we could probably figure out a norway-kind of deal for the uk , `` use our standards and we 'll lower trade barriers '' , something along those lines . 
  prior to the referendum it would be nice to very clearly define what kind of eu membership that would entail . 
  would it be the pick-and-choose variety like the uk has now or would it be proper , all-in membership as the other eu countries desire of the uk ? 
  personally i 'd rather see the uk leave if the alternative is continuation of the present situation , if the all-in alternative were to be the case i 'd be strongly in favor of the uk being in the eu . 
  i 'm just sick of the current situation . 
  belgium is above us ? 
  what the fuck is happening ? 
  since there is only a negligible number of orthodox christians here they are n't spoken of . 
  i suppose we would call them `` orthodox '' . 
  here the word `` christelijk '' ( * christian * ) is usually applied to protestants whereas catholics are specifically referred to as catholics . 
  i wish we could rule out more varoufakis . 
  i am so tired of his `` alpha-male '' act . 
  as if greece is n't actually is huge trouble !, 
  if greece were actually committed to reforms we would n't have to deal with that guy 's bullshit , greece would have sent a dull smart guy in a decent suit . 
  all varoufakis shows us is that greece would rather believe in fairytales than actually fix its problems . 
  as if any political system was ever perfect . 
  stop treating the eu as a bad finished project and add something productive to the unfinished project it actually is . 
  the difference is that france matters . 
  when ask is said and five there are two nations that are of fundamental importance to european peace : france and germany . 
  this means the germans are much more likely to compromise when in discussion with france than they are with a country like greece or portugal . 
  to start a story about how poor and sad the greeks are now with a picture of a man who is very unlikely to be greek is a bit pathetic . 
   the eu mostly serves purely the interests of germany . 
  [ citation needed ] . 
   i disagree , most failings are from the eu not taking individual countries ' issues seriously . 
  [ citation needed ] . 
  are you just going to embarrass yourself or do you actually have useful examples to contribute ? 
   net migration at 300k + and a stagnating eurozone is migration something you 're necessarily against ? 
  do you know the make up of the migrants ? 
  are they coming to do jobs the british are refusing to do ? 
  are they all angry muslims coming to kill innocent british children , gypsy beggars and african watch salesmen or could a significant portion be arriving because of economic integration with the rest of the eu resulting in more cross-border migration ( in both directions ) ? 
  this xenophobic outlook is apparent in many of the british opinions and i ca n't help but think it 's a bit sad . 
  as if all things british are good and the rest is bad . 
  also i wonder if maybe we 'd have gotten the banks into proper shape a lot faster without `` the city '' crying bloody murder over every small limitation on their practices proposed in brussels . 
  i seriously wonder if the deleterious influence of british public opinion and politics are worth it to the eu . 
  i 'd rather live in a more closely integrated union without the uk than this one * with * the uk . 
  if leaving really seems so good to the uk i suggest you go for it . 
  we can always give you a trade agreement afterwards so you can trade in the european common market as long as you stick to * our rules * , let 's see how well the city does then . 
  i sure hope so . 
  goddamnit people i 'm trying my best here !, 
  jesus , again ? 
  performance and aptitude in primary school decide the level of high school you get into . 
  then good performance in the last year of high school ( so not the years 12-17 but only 17-18 ) decide your chances of getting into those studies that have a * numerus fixus * which are only those that otherwise are overcrowded . 
  this gets the best students into the universities first which is a logical system in my opinion . 
  for reference , most studies have no * numerus fixus * and are freely accessible to students who completed high school at the vwo level ( the highest high school level ) or the first year of hbo ( the second level of tertiary education ) assuming they fill any gaps with either a bridge year or additional courses . 
  similarly students can move up from mbo ( vocational tertiary education ) to hbo so even people who fuck up in high school can work their way up to university level should they want to . 
  students that go to belgium typically do so because they did n't have grades high enough to get into university . 
  * numerus fixus * means only students with an average grade of at least 8 ( out of 10 ) get in automatically . 
  the rest get `` tickets '' in a lottery where a higher average grade means more `` tickets '' and so a bigger chance to get in . 
  that 's why the good students do n't need to go to belgium and belgium gets the less impressive examples . 
  that 's already what 's happening is n't it ? 
  the good ones have no reason to leave . 
   lgbtiq can we just come up with an acceptable word please ? 
  it 's like the abbreviation gets longer every time someone uses it . 
  phd here , who are these fairy tale phd 's folding cardboard boxes ? 
  i do n't believe this for a second . 
  because i have yet to see or hear of a * single * example of this actually being the case . 
  so are we supposed to read this as greece getting away with it or greece finally getting the respite it deserves ? 
  i 'm sure it will be explained as either at least * somewhere * in europe . 
  personally i think it will be a little bit of both ^ ^ ^ ^ mostly ^ ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ ^ first ^ ^ ^ ^ though . 
  that 's a slovenian flag ... 
  do you see the word `` like '' in the post i responded to ? 
  it implies a comparison ( technically a * simile * i believe ) . 
  i responded by saying that if finmeccanica gets involved the comparison is probably to be expected . 
   but some italian bashing is always welcome , \u00e7a va sans dire . 
  your words not mine , i did n't bash italy , i `` bashed '' finmeccanica . 
  also let 's not forget that talk of secession is * still * not completely unheard of in texas . 
  it may be only for fringe idiots now but the fact that the opinion is still around says something i think . 
  the idea is that of the great many nuclear weapons the russians have only a fraction would survive a potential surprise attack and that that fraction would be too small to destroy a sufficient portion of the usa . 
  the world today is held together ( more or less ) by the promise of * mad * , mutually assured destruction . 
  if that promise does n't hold up the russians lose credibility abroad which they refuse to accept . 
  if finmeccanica gets the order that 's probably what will happen . 
  they have a long history of corruption and incompetence . 
  the corruption will get them the contract and the incompetence will take care of the rest . 
  so bad he literally could n't even . 
  we will always have [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/rzozuhywpms ) !, 
  holy shit it 's * amazing * . 
  awesome song . 
  also pretty impressive of you to use three languages in once sentence . 
  very european !, 
  oh shit i 'd forgotten that awful song . 
  good lord ... 
  i 've vomited better things than that . 
   europe is basically the us 's protectorate . 
  god , we 're pathetic !, 
   americans , would you mind an extra 28 states ( eu ) joining your country ? 
  we are an american protectorate right now . 
  and that 's working out just fine for us for the time being .
