  as for giving the greeks freedom , that has n't gotten anyone anywhere ; reforms are not/halfheartedly enacted or even * reversed * and in the meantime the rhetoric is * still * as though everyone has fucked greece except the greeks . 
  ca n't blame creditors for demanding collateral this time . 
   a modern , politically dependable nation needs investment . 
  modernization is n't for free . 
  austerity is n't a rational economic decision , it 's ideological . 
  politicians will twist the truth however which way is required to get the uninformed and uninformable masses to agree to whatever they think is best . 
  for the record sch\u00e4uble is a hack and merkel used his ignorance to full effect , i doubt we 'll be seeing him in quite the same way from now on ( assuming greece holds up its end of the deal , a big if ... ) . 
  as for the ideological argument , economy is a social science , not a hard science . 
  the predictive value of economics is very limited . 
  i still vividly remember hearing economists making all sorts of `` authoritative '' statements when the crisis broke in 2008 and all of them failing the next day . 
  as far as i can see economics is partly the study of the exchange and distribution of goods etc. 
  and mostly the science of how to take models out of their intended context and overfitting them to satisfy people 's need for a sense of security . 
  i honestly think a moderate ideological policy is worth * at least * as much as a policy based on the predictions of economics . 
   german austerity policies lead to less investment you say that like it 's a certainty but i disagree , i think the slow improvements to such fundamental practices as a functioning cadaster , financial and political accountability and return of trust in the greek government will eventually lead to a greece where investors can confidently and realistically invest their money . 
  i think what we 're seeing now is the eu forcing greece to be a modern , politically dependable nation because that the only way forward . 
  the cure hurts but that 's no reason to settle for the disease . 
  another eurosceptic article from the uk . 
  well ... that still stings a little ... 
  sounds interesting , do you have a source i could read ? 
  all things considered that 's probably the poorest example you could have thought of . 
  now i really have seen it all , a greek pleading to use statistics correctly !, 
  a greek who 's right by the way . 
  obviously the banks , lobbyists , criminals , companies etc. 
  that bribe politicians need to be prosecuted , yes . 
  rule of law applies to everyone equally , that 's exactly the point . 
  probably based on the fact that greek rhetoric seems to be more or less unchanged over the course of the crisis . 
  it 's still made out not to have been greek failures that led them to the gallows but the evil bankers and germany that did them in . 
  the underlying problem of a complete lack of trust in the greek state on all sides ( investors , creditors and greek citizens ) caused by corruption , tax avoidance and nepotism leads to the lack of growth in the greek economy and is the real problem that must be solved . 
  so far syriza seems not only to be quite adequate at voicing greek discontent at their current situation but also painfully clear at showing how utterly illusory greek political discourse is with respect to their current problems . 
  as long as corruption , wealth inequality , tax avoidance , nepotism and the general untrustworthiness of the greek government are n't dealt with any debt cancellation will only be kicking the can down the road . 
  if the maturities are long enough ( and it seems likely that they will be ) it will merely extend the time required to pay off the debt . 
  if in the meantime the greek economy can be brought to growth the required portion of their gdp will shrink proportionately . 
  i do n't share reddit 's pessimism in this area , i think the greeks can recover and come out a lot stronger . 
  is n't that exactly what it means ? 
  i was under the impression that there 's no such thing as `` selling '' but rather that it 's always a long term lease . 
  i can think of at least 88.5 billion that would be well spent on a moon colony !, 
  [ this right here ] ( http://graphics.wsj.com/greece-debt-timeline/ ) is why so much is going to debt repayments . 
  after this years ' spike debt repayments will be a much smaller amount annually . 
  greece will still be paying off debt but it wo n't be as bad as this year in the future . 
  so long as greece does n't pull another `` syriza '' - card of course , say what you will about democracy but with syriza it clearly produced a counterproductive result . 
  do you really believe it works differently elsewhere ? 
  in the end the people we elect are not gods , they 're just people who have to sit down and discuss things . 
  occasionally it comes down to this sort of thing . 
   leaving means abject poverty ... but at least it 's their poverty , that they get to one day say they climbed out of . 
  fuck all of that , there is little dignity in poverty . 
  especially poverty that could have been avoided . 
  sucking it up and getting through this crisis with painful measures shows people are willing to fight for what could be theirs , that 's something to be proud of . 
  multiply an initial value of `` 100 '' with the percentage growth . 
  then take the outcome and multiply with the percentage growth of the following year etc. 
  until the final year . 
  this gives you the growth figure with respect to the initial value . 
  in other words , the percentage growth with respect to the first year in the table . 
  1.5 % growth in year 1 and 2.5 % shrinkage in the following year means ( 100x1 .015 ) x0 .975 = 98.96 ( equals -1.04 % growth ) . 
  if you take the growth figure for greece with 2007 as the baseline the greek economy is now at -25.76 % `` growth '' . 
  i stuck the table in excel and calculated the correct growth figures : austria 13.77 belgium 11.87 bulgaria 28.74 croatia 2.75 cyprus 6.09 czech republic 23.00 denmark 3.60 estonia 27.03 finland 6.81 france 9.03 germany 13.37 greece -17.97 hungary 9.19 ireland 14.43 italy -4.55 latvia 27.86 lithuania 33.74 luxembourg 24.90 malta 27.31 netherlands 10.63 poland 45.99 portugal -1.78 romania 30.29 spain 6.57 slovakia 44.70 slovenia 12.73 sweden 17.72 united kingdom 12.76 european union 9.45 eurozone 7.19, 
  i think it takes decades if not more to transition to a situation of trust . 
  in dutch we say `` trust comes on foot but goes on horseback '' i.e. 
  trust is considerably slower to gain than it is to lose and a fundamental lack of trust is what makes people choose their own interests over the common good . 
  well , there 's [ this ] ( http://panteres.com/2015/05/07/greece-syriza-government-nepotism-continues/ ) and [ this ] ( http://www.grreporter.info/en/nepotism_among_members_european_parliament/11499 ) and [ this ] ( http://www.grreporter.info/en/syriza_minister_offered_appointments_against_12_commission/12503 ) . 
  also syriza is a party that grew in a political climate rife with corruption and nepotism , there is little reason to assume that a politician that matured in such an environment would be effective against corruption . 
  who knows , he might have had a thing for your dad !, 
  everything discussed here is essentially unimportant . 
  the money was never really the issue , the untrustworthyness of the greeks is . 
  tsipras and varoufakis only made that worse , why the hell should german/dutch/finnish voters agree to give more money to greece when there is no reason to believe it will solve anything ? 
  it 's not like we have n't been making cuts of our own and we could use the money . 
  the common opinion here in the nl is that it must suck to be a greek right now but that giving more money is pointless and that greece has failed to make the most of their chance ( read : `` the eu '' ) and that it 's probably best if greece just left the eu altogether . 
   there are lots of paid corporate banker trolls on r/europe [ 1 ] . 
  i have n't checked you out enough yet to see whether you are just a `` useful idiot '' for the bankers or are actually getting paid for it . 
  are you serious ? 
  really ? 
  or just completely insane ? 
  does n't greece prove that the balkans are not suitable for the eu yet ? 
  how often must we repeat the mistake of inviting unfit countries into the union before we learn ? 
  their beer is n't crap . 
  like all polish food and drink it 's perfectly okay-ish . 
  tyskie classic was quite drinkable . 
  it 's a nice saying though !, 
  he 's not a particularly gifted speaker either . 
  where 's `` here '' in your case ? 
  because here in leiden it 's just a `` roemeen '' . 
  then why the hell did we have this sudden influx of romanians here ? 
  here in the netherlands we do n't quite make the distinction you make between roma and romanians , you 're all just romanians to us and since you guys are in schengen we have accordion players outside our supermarkets . 
  it just seems odd for a romanian to blame `` immigrants '' for crime , at least to me as a dutchman . 
  romanians count as immigrants here you know . 
  +18 right now ... 
  sometimes it 's a shame that you can only downvote things once . 
  [ look here ] ( http://graphics.wsj.com/greece-debt-timeline/ ) . 
  i see it 's really closer to 6 billion than 5 billion , * mea culpa . 
  * using greece 's 2014 gdp of ~ 240 billion that 's 2.5 % of gdp spent on debt repayment . 
  hardly stifling , is it ? 
  greece faces one real problem which is a lack of trust and good relations with other countries which might result in some debt restructuring/forgiveness for the debt to be repayed this year which is unusually large . 
  if greece made real efforts to curtail corruption and to stayed true to its word for a change that would be a doable deal but as it stands greece does little to fight corruption and actively works to ruin its reputation abroad , * that * is what stand between greece and a growing economy . 
  a percentage means nothing , it 's all long term , low interest loans . 
  greece is expected to repay roughly five billion a year which is completely doable . 
  stop talking out of your *** . 
  greece needs to make a real effort and take the package that was offered them last time or it will go bankrupt , it 's become that simple . 
  constantinople recovered from the perfidious turk ? 
  if they pull that off they can keep the money !, 
  sought ? 
   you talk as if keynes is some fringe theory i explained pretty clearly why i think keynes ' theory is not the logical theory to apply in this case because it makes no sense to only apply it during the downcycle .
