  vegetables and cheese i suppose . 
  i 've been to ireland and i 'm having a hard time imagining anyone would miss irish food . 
  definitely michiel de ruyter then . 
  britain is the conduit for american influence into europe . 
  it is the logical choice for any american interference ; it 's well situated ; it 's culturally close to the usa ( or at least seems so because of the shared language ) and most of all british aspirations to power and it 's political landscape in which two parties essentially rule the nation make it susceptible to bribery . 
  as long as the uk is in the eu the americans will seek to use their influence so keep europe divided . 
  as long as were are not united we are effectively at the whim of the americans as their western subjugates in the eurasian continent ( japan , south korea and taiwan serve the same role in the east ) . 
  i doubt the eu will succeed so long as the british are a part of it . 
  they are obviously european though so i guess the usa has us by the balls ... 
  and you 're just a bunch of fishermen on a cold rock out in the ocean . 
  few things can disqualify a man in power like a poorly done tie . 
  why would i respect a man who accepts defeat from his clothes ... 
  so this worked perfectly , an enemy of ours has spent an inordinate amount of time and resources to import an otherwise pointless object . 
  let him flip us off all day long , as long as this is the extent of his victories we 're doing well . 
  `` russophobic '' only on the sense that any country with russian views on human rights , democracy and freedom of the press deserves criticism . 
  if you want upvotes say something that makes sense . 
   which corrupt officials get that through [ mat herben ] ( http://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/mat_herben ) . 
  he succeeded pim fortuyn and made a politcal about turn on their policy towards the jsf . 
  he has since gotten a job as an outright lobbyist for the jsf . 
  whether or not it is subject to judicial oversight is not the essence of the argument . 
  the undesirable nature of this kind of policy lies in the seemingly arbitrary nature of such a far-reaching measure . 
  it seems like a testament to the poor vision and quality of politicians to reach for such a `` sledgehammer '' - type policy rather than delve into the underlying causes and possible proportional reprisals ( if any ) . 
  this is populism and sets a dangerous precendent for the ready use of such extreme measures . 
  i 've always wondered if the french really speak french , it 's such a bizarre language to me ... 
  if not maybe they just quickly switch back to german or english the moment we leave the room and it 's all just one big insider joke . 
  everything has its cause , of course the overgrown housing prices caused a bubble but the deflation of the bubble is the cause of the current economic trouble . 
  i do n't disagree with you , you just went one step further back . 
  you could also look at the reasons why the housing bubble formed and then at the extensive privatizations and liberalizations of the nineties and so forth . 
  once the housing bubble has been deflated we 'll be doing well . 
  those words were spoken many times before in varying degrees of realism . 
  to compare greece with the netherlands is hardly realistic . 
  the deflation of the housing bubble is probably the biggest cause of the current economic weakness . 
  it will abate and the housing market will slowly go back to normal over the coming decade with normal prices for housing as opposed to the ridiculous prices we saw in 2008 . 
  badly run companies will make way for new companies which have an easier time hiring people in part because of the austerity measures . 
  already things seem to be improving a little and in a few years time we 'll be doing a lot better . 
  we 're a long long way ahead of greece and portugal , that probably wo n't change much in the foreseeable future . 
  we 'll be alright . 
  david walshe sounds like a bit of a weenie to me . 
  some of the things on the list look downright tasty to me and most of the others look fine . 
  testicles are supposedly quite chewy but otherwise it 's mostly the idea that makes things `` nasty '' . 
  the cured/fermented fish sounds gross but many of the tastiest foods are fermented so i 'd take my chances . 
  nobody asked . 
  also you 're just wrong , go visit places like heerlen , venlo , assen , spijkenisse or roosendaal and see what grim and uninspired places really look like . 
  i really like the new central station . 
  it makes a bold statement that only few of my extremely petty and small minded countrymen seem to be able to appreciate . 
  extreme-right and extreme-dumb team up to form a european alliance against europe . 
  something tells me a lot of these people should probably wear a helmet when they go outside ... 
  correct , no fkn way we 're just going to accept it . 
  if anything our country will be bigger !, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5zxb8ibh5yk if you like party music , 
  i 'm always a bit disappointed in our generally well-spoken southern brothers and sisters when this sort of sad and embarrassing rhetoric pops up . 
  get over yourselves and join the fatherland already ( except for the walloons , unless they renounce the french language and accept that there will be no language-border they can go diddle themselves ) . 
  now if only the belgians would realize this !, 
  even if this were true i would n't be sure if i were really against it ... 
  we 're just more given to pussyfoot around foreigners because they have their hearts broken at the smallest jest or perceived insult . 
  especially brits and americans seem to be looking to take offense at even the smallest joke . 
  oh stfu , always with this self-deprecation !, 
  do n't present your personal opinion as fact . 
  i personally do n't think dutch sounds particularly bad at all , it has a certain harshness that fits perfectly with our harsh ( but straight and honest ) nature as a people . 
  i think it 's perfect for us . 
  in the netherlands we call it `` tsjechi\u00eb '' , ironically it seems like the czech people are the only ones using the wrong name :p, 
  vla is pretty great though . 
  [ seriously though , that used to be a thing !, 
  ] ( http://resources21.kb.nl/gvn/sfa03/sfa03_sfa022801595_x.jpg ), 
  are you joking ? 
  this guy owns the slammer and the guys that built it . 
  he also owns a lot of judges and prosecutors . 
  of the ones he does n't own many of the ( male ) ones will like him anyway . 
  this man is not going to jail . 
  at best he 'll get house arrest , which with houses like his , is not that bad of a worst case scenario . 
  i never said all bulgarians and romanians are scum , that 's just what you choose to make of my comment . 
  we can only guess why you would assume such a thing . 
  i 'm looking for someone to tell us something positive about their experiences with these two peoples . 
  i do n't think that 's a negative thing at all , i 'm trying to balance this discussion by getting the other side to speak out . 
  it would be nice if ( of all people ) romanians and bulgarians could cooperate !, 
  so far our `` cooperation '' with bulgaria and romania does n't sound like much of a success . 
  is there anyone here with firsthand experience ( that does n't involve gypsies for a change ) that actually benefited from it ? 
  - edit - why the downvotes ? 
  all i said was that so far things do n't * sound * successful and ask for some good news . 
  why is everybody going full retard nowadays ?!, 
  it seems as though politics has never been so shortsighted and just plain * stupid * ... 
  i feel huge now . 
  it 's strange , i really like germans but when i see that photograph i just want to punch a german ... 
  i guess it 's instinctive . 
  try that line on the dutch ladies and see how well you get used getting your nuts crushed , 
  and a fat lot of good that did us . 
  have you ever been to rotterdam ? 
  they do n't vote for the sgp which is a protestant party . 
  \u00b5 . right alt + m gives you \u00b5 . 
  you 're talking about the dutch buddy , if we want it it will rain under sea level !, 
  this !, 
  how the hell are we not all over this list ? 
  is it not really all that bad here or are things * even worse * elsewhere ? 
   neither are the ** new ** mosques . 
  kind of a null statement is n't it ? ... 
  a 19th century church is not old . 
  you are free to assume any nonsense you please of course but that is not what i meant . 
  i am perfectly happy to agree or disagree with anyone but martin schulz is so completely set on integration of the union that he is willing to sacrifice things like privacy and sovereignty which in my mind deserve a much more cautious approach . 
  look at any interview regarding euroskepticism and see how he sweeps any worries and opposing views aside . 
  i think any worry regarding integration is something that should be assuaged lest we rush into another disaster like the euro .
