  its not a pretense though even today turks test the waters and especially our sky by invading our airspace and waters . 
  here come the bbbbut we are poorer ! 1 !!! 11 !, 
  blokes . 
  so much hatred and anger ... well what are you gon na do we 'll weather it and come out stronger . 
  if you had turks as neighbors you would do the same . 
  as people they are pretty nice but they have a tendency of invading everything around them.and to be honest its not their goverment that has us anxious but their `` generals '' . 
  ask my turkish friends that are on reddit none of them want any trouble but their army has a tendency of atracting some psyckos . 
  1 most of us are on rent ( many home owners usually are the ones that have many and they are the ones that rent them ) 2 we certainly do pay property taxes ( those that have their own homes ) if i remember corectly for a brief time they were double taxed . 
  3 200 rent +100 electricity +40 ( and that is generous ) for heat +25 for water +30 or so for telephone and that is without food.everything goes up and the paychecks for those that have them go down : / thank you for your warm sentiments it was so readily apparent , that your comments were kind and loving ugh !, 
  nobody is blaming you . 
  the shop not the business  he can as easily change wares im not talking about tech pasing you by or not keeping up with demand . 
  and that is not our problem . 
  sorry sorry didnt know that im just so very defencive in this sub.i humbly apologize for being unfair then . 
  what is crazy about wanting to be able to repay our debt ? 
  the way i see it is that you must make money to pay your taxes . 
  im not anti austerity mind you nor am i against the raising of some taxes but measures must be taken for me as a citizen to be able to survive so i can pay more taxes not free money but jobs we must do something about the goddamned economy so we can repay every cent and we as a country have a future without being called lazy corrupt beggars/thieves . 
  of course im wrong and every one here will tell me why : /, 
  you do realise , and i hate that ill use a term that my left leaning brothers use , that those stats are taking into account the top 1 percent.further more anyone that does have a job today cant even earn more than 1000e ( and im talking about high payed doctors in the private sector after ofcourse 25 and more years of maturity ) . i at the moment am unemployed if ( sadly ) or when ( hopefully ) i do get a job and im lucky enough to get a full time one id be lucky to get 500euros . furher more sir/madam i trully do want for my polish neighbors to become stronger and happyer even more than greece i do not see how their happyness would limit mine.your last question is vile and i will treat it as such . 
  daskalos is indeed the greek word for teacher ( male , daskala female teacher ) so basicaly ... its like her name is the teachers daughter more or less . 
  didasko is the word for i teach and so on . 
  ? we dont pay the same rent nor are our bills the same.our main difference here is that i want you to become stronger than me , while you bellyacke and just want me weaker than you . 
  shhh we are the bad guys shut up they will eat you alive !, 
  :p seriously this is horible :(, 
  glass house shitload of bricks ... ill keep my mouth closed , 
  no need for such a saying as my italian and i believe spaniard friends will attest mediteranian cultures are so verry oposed to snitching, 
  that is worse, 
  the nazis are here my friend :( golden dawn is on the rise and in my parliament, 
  that sir/madam is not true on the taxes front.never happend at least not in my adult life ( 31 ) . 
  we are indeed to blame because we all knew that they were crooks . 
  it will sound like an excuse my friend but it really isnt we had no other alternative every fucking one of them pasok-nea dimokratia are fucking crooks the only other parties until verry recently were the greek communist party , synaspismos what became syriza and ... well thats about it . 
  it pains me greatly but you are not dealing with wolves but with sheep . 
  i weep for my country and my lack of future . 
  sir/madam ( with that nick i hope you are sir ) no thinking greek believes that the germans want us harm!its the idiots that think that.but its so tiring to be called lazy and corrupt and stupid and a thief and so many other vile shit ... im talking about the subreddit not you nor your country/countrymen, 
  reporting people isnt the greek way.i fear that is what brought us into this lol . 
  id kill for 500 bucks a month lol , i get what you say my friend ... sadly for the majority its not so.we ( greeks ) are paying for a select few untouchables megalomania.i will give you an example the olympics!they fucking rekt us and we hosted them because a small click ( greeks all of them google anna aggelopoyloy daskalaki ) wanted to host them and they use their power to do so.that was a huge amount of money spent for absolutelly nothing . 
  really?you checked us all out?please dont generelise it cheapens you argument sir/madam . let me tell you something as a greek poor people cant tax evade its not a moral issue but a practical one.those that can help the country with their taxes can and do tax evade . 
  my mother gets 650 euros after the cuts before it was 750 , food electricity medicine taxes and everything else went up.im unemployed if it wasnt for her id be homeless ... 
  no promises there my friend.as a half blood im fucking terrified for my mother . 
  its from the no my friend  its a wonderfull thing called photoshop.its not you by the way in my country a looot of dirty games are played by the media . 
  that my friend is from no and they used it on their fb page :p, 
  what is this work you speak of?unemployed for 2.5 years now ( il do anything by the way the only reason im not prostituting myself is because im a fat ugly bald slob ) :(, 
  so?fuck it then!if i am to hunger id rather do it without being a fucking lapdog !, 
  dont greeks love the irish!its a complecated matter m8 : ) i even love germans!not some members of their goverment though, 
  it is indeed my friend  source mom, 
  nai i found one !, 
  shhhh no logic only feelings !, 
  remember a few months ago the collective shitstorm of posts about greece?now its your turn friend , dont feel low it will pass and someone else will take your place . 
  as many as its needed . 
  actually they did.these two motherfucker have highjacked this countrys democracy since the change from junta into `` democracy '' . they own or are owned by big bussiness ( jesus wept i sound like a lefty !, 
  ) whenever someone tryed to make something new in politics the old guard swiftly used the press that they own in a stagering percent to smother it.dont you find it madening that the new president of nea dimokratia is a mitsotakis?a family that has been a cancer on my countrys politics and i have absolutely no power over that !, 
  never go full retard buddy . 
  im a 32 year old man with no ties to either pasok nea dimokratia or syriza so i do get to have the privilege to fucking despise the cunts that wrecked my country . 
  can confirm.am greek love germans hate our goverments all of them !, 
  dude i can see the diferrence between koreans and japanese its not that hard once you get used to look at asian peaple.granted i am a huge japanofile but still . 
  do you think greeks got your money ? 
  if i werent poor id gild you funny motherfucker !, 
  i was a soldier there can confirm!turkish frigates violate waters too , and not in the edges mind you but they go beyond the island of rhodes !, 
  could you imagine if we did that to you ? 
  at least they are not turks !, 
  yet, 
  and greeks !, 
  you are 100 % right my friend.sadly . 
  jesus he is a big one , i seldom do my groceries there and i never had an issue . 
  i have to check it out with cash to see if they do n't give me a receipt . 
  which one?because i exclusivly shop with my debit . 
  yes we call the neo nazi cunts and throw garbage at them . 
  the union jack i fucking love it . 
  33 working since i was 16 i have next to no ensured years i always ask they always tell me its either this or they can find someone else , im not unskilled either . 
  this has forced me at 33 to leave my country because now i have an almost empty resume even though im only unemployed for the last 2.5 years ( its the crisis ) . 
  they must have severe penalties . 
  as a fat slob i know my chances are more in the widowmaker heart attack than a cancer in my late 50s ( probably wont see them ) and im wierdly ok with it . 
  fuck cancer in its fucking ear . 
  we can do it !, 
  jesus that is so sad ... and the fucking thing hits people that actually take care of themselves not smokers or heavy drinkers its so fucking random . 
  mom feeds me . 
  no joke if it werent for her i would be homeless . 
  happy to report still unemployed, 
  on crack !, 
  if i believed in god i would totally go to hell for this ... 
  and so were they . 
  hmm is it any good ? 
  i feel ya brother . 
  start with illegal immigrants . 
  the far rights biggest ally was always the far left :(, 
  as a future migrant in germany i know full well how stupid i sound when i say deport them !, 
  its your only defence and choice im afraid . 
  fair enough , but i dont want to be rude . 
  said the man that called people cunts ... 
  dude ( or lady ) im a half arab athiest greek i always say please dont be a muslim not because i like islam fuck that noise!i am genuinely afraid for my fucking future with the shit these cunts pull . 
  im a poor greek so take some reddit silver !, 
  are you hiring greeks ? 
  i dont know your age but in the 90s italy vetoed you getting in the eu and morons broke fridges in the streets . 
  well he 's getting there . 
  or greece.enough!they are more than us now !, 
  asia look at a effing map mate !, 
  dont you fucking love him ? 
  the same goverment that closed our banks and fucks up everything it touches?how can you ?!?!, 
  greece and no . 
  it wasnt about money m8 its a law tha releases all underage criminals for everything but murder , including rape and atempted murder . 
  dont blame all of greeks on this one the right leaning ones are fuming over this for a long time now long before that poor girl got savaged by that thing .
