lol, 
  cough greek here :p, 
  put a flair on you beutifull bastard!ive done many stupid thing in my life but nothing twice . 
  nothing bold about it . 
  other europeans consider greeks lazy and corrupt when they fail to realize that we are 100 % fucked as far as our political system goes , its structured so that no normal bloke no honest man or woman can get elected they ( corrupt oligarcs , and im not a lefty mind you ) have ensnared the entire system so absolutely that no change can come !, 
  tsipras is clean ( didnt vote for the man wont vote for him either ) and many in the party are as well but he too cant avoid or fight the upper echelon of pure undiluted shit that controls everything in this country . 
  a small example?during the referendum every single fucking media tv channel radio and newspaper combined their efforts out in the open with the people that brought us here ( me having no future and my country owing so much money to the citizens of the eu ) all the former prime ministers took a stand against a new goverment , idiotic that goverment may be but it started to act against them by looking into some big scandals so ofcourse they have to go ... we are fucking doomed friend.so please consider us cowards for not hanging these cunts if you wish but please dont call us neither lazy stupid or corrupt chances are if you are part of the middle class/lower class you can do jack shit about anything over here . 
  you sir or madam are completely correct !, 
  but unfortunatelly nea dimokratia my former party ( i will not vote now i have nothing that i trust ) will do jack shit to fight corruption . 
  hi greek here!ehrmm its not that nice nowa days :(, 
  half greek half palestinian atheist here.you do not want islam!my mothers family shunned me for being greek first and most of all a kafir , do you think christian bible thumpers are bad?dude they wanted to cut the tip of my dick off against my fucking will at 11 they fucking blow . 
  unyelding cunts the lot of them ( most of them anyway ) . 
  the level of stupidity and arogance among them is dispicable . 
  they think the world revolves around them , they are like clingy crazy bitches you drunk fucked that can and want to kill you . 
  dogs rule man.i have 2 of them never seen them bully kids !, 
  never met a german i disliked never met a greek that lived in germany or had dealings with germans that dislike or disrespect you . 
  hatred and racism is a sport for idiots . 
  is it time for you to go fuck your mother ? 
  we birthed it so i think we get to snuff the fucker out . 
  and they are cunts, 
  yup !, 
  great !, 
  i hate this i dont like not repaying my debts : /, 
  yep, 
  almost ? 
  that is true.what is also true is that you just know that said plan isnt above mr schauble.i wouldnt be surprised if he indeed was creating a human centipede . 
  im a gamergater im no stranger to oposing stupidity, 
  disgusting such idiocy !, 
  im pro buying greek to boost the economy but this is just fucking dumb and mean spirited !, 
  its not an us vs them thing i mean merkel looks like a perfectly normal human being she can be stern or easy and i have seen her act human ( tired smiling wtv ) ive googled the fucker i have black and white pics of him on google and he is fucking frownig like he got coals for christmass !, 
  its not the money its the assets after this there will be no more assets for greece and her people : /, 
  an unemployed woman with no means and very litle future ( ok she is a retard ) with three children :p, 
  greece 's lendors and it is indeed dispecable : / i hate this shite, 
  if you think of it he was just not verry nice :p he took a broken country and made it a juggernaut if only he didnt slaughter all those people ... 
  i wouldnt go for harsh the reforms are barbaric , as they should to victor go the spoils i suppose . 
  does he ever smile ? 
  yes yes you have it worse . 
  halfbloods first get out of the way !!, 
  its disgusting to call you that even my country men do it.fucking idiotic . 
  oh you clever bastard you!you are so right about this.this shite is bubling . 
  you sir are spot the fuck on.there is a split in greek society today , and those that didnt have anything to lose are foaming at the mouth , while those that do are so very happy!and also angry bacause reasons . 
  the minimum wage is 480, 
  lol fucking love you brits, 
  yeah but how can you trend that ? 
  never voted for them.i was a laos man and then nothing . 
  also feel free to go fuck yourself im in no mood for fingerwaging twats . 
  i fear that it is :( one thing always brings another . 
  i dont ask for jack shit my friend.fuck that noise . 
  my country 's former goverments failed miserably.and this this my friend is a travesty.this is punitive action by the eurozone . 
  i wish only for the best for all of you but its enough for me ive been called lazy and corrupt one too many times and im neither of those things we need a grexit and a default . 
  again it was an honor i love you lot even the cunts but jesus tap dancing christ its enough . 
  this is a coup.coups and juntas are not so far apart . 
  im truly terrified.i will not survive under a far right regime, 
  dont you havent fallen we have , this is a fucking coup!and they fucking accept it for the fucking curency?i have dead in my family for fighting for freedom and those monumental cunts are pising their pants for their pety litle coins fuck em !, 
  not so long its not even 50 years, 
  its been an honor to seat in the same table with you my european brothers and sisters but fuck this paying your debts is the only honorable thing to do , but this is having someone take a piss on my country 's flag and demand an applause im fucking sickend by my countrymens actions . 
  we had a junta before you know , 
  they will they are cowards they will do anything for the euro :( . my country fucked up but this?this is worst than a grexit . 
  true that ive travel the autobahn.it was the highlight of my driving life.other than that i really dont see why they are so infatuated with the euro.we fucked up royally and other than that its apparent that the eu is only about money.the measures are not only for money but also for punisment.the dream is dead . 
  im not , m pro grexit im done with you.im just giving insights to anyone that wants them . 
  take your euro and shove it . 
  its an oligarcy in democratic garb, 
  one of these days i want to iluminate you in a wonderfull law that we have in greece that prohibits us from prosecuting politicians ... 
  really?from the way he talks i had him for those lawfull good paladin types.odd, 
  they should!you dont get it the fucking assholes that forced my country into this disgusting position are still out there!simitis btw is responsible not only for geting in the euro but also those blasted olympics wich cripled us and soooooo much coruption!if not for him we wouldnt be here right now !, 
  golden dawn are true cunts though ziegh hiling and all i dont think there many as extreme as them, 
  hmm i never saw national pride as nationalistic.i always saw nationalism as they are lesser than us kinda thing . 
  ofcourse i can always be wrong , 
  the closest thing to it then.anel is more like nea dimokratia without the colusion with the powers that be , the corrupt and to my shame golden dawn . 
  golden dawn , anel are right wingers but not nationalists nor euroskeptics . 
  they should!and any politicians/bankers that coluded with them greeks first !, 
  you are a gamer.ill call you brother any day . 
  nauseated the word is nauseated . 
  ( by us i mean not our european friends ), 
  that is what you got from my reply ? 
  and ease up with the you guys , your racism is showing . 
  and what can be done about that ? 
  you do realise that in the past two or so weeks we had actual economic war right?and its not the bad northeners but its our own greek opposition parties that are so very nice for doing what they are told by troika that made this whole debacle a reality . 
  he has no other choise . 
  ( im a former nea dimokratia voter btw and in the last elections i did not vote for anyone because syriza while innocent in the whole debt story is fundamentaly opposed to some of my beliefs ( im a righty ) and all the rest are responsible for this nightmare . 
  i dont mind austerity ( i dont even care about slashing the debt ) i truly want , fuck it i need my country to repay every fucking cent just to stop some upity twats from badmouthing both my country and my people.on the one thing that i am adamant is that we must have form of stimulus ( not money !, 
  ) we must become a more welcoming place for investor and job creation without further destroying workers rights . 
  i have no rights as a worker at this point i am uninsured ( if i get sick either i get better on my own or i dont ) the minimum wage/living costs today are fucking horifying!and that is if you have a job ... 
  yes later ... , 
  investing in greece ( im talking job creations ) is the only way i see of ever getting out if this mess and paying our debts as gentlemen . 
  : / then again im unemployed so the only thing i think of day and night is finding a job, 
  no we cant.i wish we could but we cant . 
  im not fuming in the mouth about syriza because truly they are not to blame ( not completely i mean the referendum was incredebly stupid , but i truly believe they mean well and outside influences want them gone for whatever reason . 
  ) im furious by the party that i was a goddamned member of ( not a politician you can be a member of a party in greece even if you dont run for office ) because they did nothing they did not tax the rich they did not tax the church they did not put any weight behind finding who tax evades the were given a list with many names of people that had hidden money ( ill gotten money ) outside of greece and those unrellenting twats sat on their hands !!!, 
  syriza got elected because it was the last and only party that never ruled greece voldemort could run and it would be a landslide !, 
  have an upvote kind sir . 
  there are no parties that i trust right left or inbetween . 
  golden dawn are wating in the corner since nea dimokratia is surely not going to get enough votes they will need more seats in the partliament.im a right winger by the way and im disgusted by both my former party ( nea dimokratia ) and the scum that vote for neo nazis . 
  not one of liking isnt it?ok let me help a brother out greeks are cunts !!!!, 
  ! better ? 
  good for you!im hoping for an alien invasion myself!then we can unite and blame the americans for not seeing it coming!as europeans should !, 
  :p this whole crisis has striped me completely from any shred of racism i had in me : /, 
  what are you talking about?romanians are neither lazy nor are they stupid or corrupt at least not the ones in greece.not gon na lie to ya the comments that really hurt are the ones made by the polish because you know how europe/balcans ( each people have their `` favorites '' ) and we consider them very close to us not as close as serbs or italians but still you know ? 
  no they wouldnt help !, 
  and about the bribes you are absolutely correct we even bought broken subs for crying out loud !,
