  they are spreading the russian narrative , which is wrong in every way . 
  i am actually disgusted by those apologists and propagandists . 
  ps : the reports about ukraine actually are n't one-sided . 
  instead they actually take too much propaganda from russia . 
  also your first link is exactly what i meant : `` ukraine bombarding its own people '' . 
  a classic from russian propaganda . 
  there is also a tiny problem with your press . 
  a little bit too biased . 
  once again : i said germans for a reason . 
  or is schulz not a german ? 
  yet again : the main outcry came from the germans . 
  so in this case it does n't matter from where , but from whom . 
  alright , then tell me about those `` evil fascist ukrainians '' `` die linke '' was always talking about and how russia did the `` right thing '' in invading and annexing crimea . 
  since that 's exactly what their narrative is . 
  i actually believe that they are almost the same as your old sed and our kpp . 
  and that 's why they are far-left . 
  it does n't have to make sense . 
  neither does it have to be realistic . 
  makes perfect sense , does n't it ? 
  haha, 
  business as normal : /, 
  why would n't you need to ? 
  you do know , that pis and po are pretty much the opposite in poland ? 
  ( not in terms of quality ( they are the same ) , but politically ) why would i let the previous government replace everyone and then just let it be , even though they are biased towards the ex-ruling party ... 
  it does n't make much sense . 
  the changes to the constitutional court were needed , since the previous government illegally appointed some judges ... ( and you should know , these judges get a huge amount of money ) and all of those judges were aligned with po , which meant that po had complete control over the court . 
  pis is continuing to silence polish ... oh , how ironic, 
  good to know that there is someone who thinks the same about the german political landscape . 
  and these are far-rights, 
  he forgot to add , that in terms of foreign affairs `` die linke '' is very supportive of putin . 
  well . 
  he is actually right , since it is mainly germans who call our government `` putinised '' and `` coup '' . 
  maybe your politicians should stop fiddling inside other country 's affairs . 
  the new polish government is actually doing the same as the old one did , but ** where was the outcry ? 
  wrong comment woops . 
  pssst , poland also had some sort of dictatorship in that time . 
  of all these countries , finland was actually the most democratic one ... and many believed that `` the enemy of your enemy is your friend '' , because you know , you , the balts and finland were attacked by the soviets first , so they sided mostly with the germans . 
  meanwhile we , the poles were first attacked by germany ( and later by russia ) so we sided with the allies . 
  god damn americans , they always have to attack great russia . 
  well , bloodless does n't mean completely without deaths . 
  otherwise these revolutions in the whole ost bloc , which were against the soviet/communist occupiers could neither be called bloodless , since there was a huge amount of abductions and also shooting involved . 
  politically , the german government : one of the worst times . 
  not only are they unjustifiably critizising our government , they are also practically destroying themselves by saying that everyone is welcome . 
  germans themselves ? 
  they are fine people , although some are naive . 
  i also had a different experience with german turks , if you can call them like that : most of them are rude and insulting as well as abusive . 
  but i have also met some nice people from that group , too . 
  not always , but mainly about ukraine including the crisis, 
  liveuamap and interpretermag do a pretty good coverage in their liveblogs which get saved every day . 
  in this month already about 100 people died . 
   i dislike talking to emotional people . 
  then stop talking to such , no idea why you bring that up . 
  or maybe you are just too dumb to understand what a broken peace is . 
  there will be more deaths , one way or another and it has nothing to do with `` russophobia '' . 
  but of course , i 'm always russophobic , everyone in central europe is russophobic , right ? 
  that also would be terrible . 
  the democrats have already proven themselves to be completely incompetent in times of conflict . 
  no peace is n't really different then a broken peace and it still shows the laziness . 
  how do you know ? 
  did you ask everyone in crimea and those crimeans who live now in exile ? 
  and what `` injustice '' was `` corrected '' by invading a foreign country ? 
  crimea is still part of ukraine and it will remain part of it , except of course they vote differently and do n't tell me , that they already did , since that `` referendum '' was n't a real one and was already done in russian occupied crimea . 
  it is illegitmate . 
  and in what way has our state of law ( which btw is ok ) to do with any of you ? 
  should i just start to ignore the aggressions of russia , just because some liberals think , it would be a good idea to demonize the new party ? 
  no idea . 
  it is an unknown number . 
  but the russians still hold pow , savchenko for example . 
  and yes , the death tolls are high , but what other do you expect in a war in the middle of europe ? 
  also a broken peace is not a real peace . 
  instability will be present , which means that terrorist attacks will appear as well as a continous aggression demand , since putin could just break it at any time . 
  and that 's why i said `` shoots '' not `` dies '' . 
  people will still be killed by the terrorists in the east . 
  or at the very least , they will be tortured . 
  and i actually believe that dying is better then being tortured for an extended time . 
  but you have to be more specific next time , since for politicians making `` peace '' there , just means that noone shoots anymore , which does n't prevents unjustice . 
  not only peace , but making russia move out of eastern ukraine is the # 1 goal . 
  but for some it is just peace ( no matter how broken ) , so they can continue trading with russia . 
  many european politicians even forget about `` cease '' part of `` cease-fire '' treaties . 
  let 's hope the eu will support that . 
  russia 's aggressions shall be not tolerated . 
  also if crimea should n't be returned , sanction the shit out of putin 's russia . 
  sadly , there are politicians with too many interests . 
  even worse is , that trump is coming . 
  wow . 
  not only doxxing , but harrassing , too . 
  the best thing : the leftists are harrassing a victim , which spoke out and where that spoken , goes against their leftist agenda . 
  my initial reaction , while reading this : to hell with this unhuman scum . 
  the cdu is the ruling party and has a coalition with spd . 
  in this case even the spd is more conservative . 
  also in poland the right-centrist party is po and even they wanted to take in `` refugees '' . 
  it has to be right-wing . 
  in that case , are n't these `` refugees '' migrants too then ? 
  since they go through several actually safe countries , which could have held them , just to reach a country , where they will recieve benefits ? 
  or just use the tactics of australia . 
  done . 
  well , apparently ukrainian refugees do n't count as `` refugees '' according to the eu, 
   are you one of the deniers ? 
  `` denier '' , no . 
  and we still sit on a huge pile of coal .
