  someday the population will have to say , that russia should start spending the money into infrastructure instead of into the military ... 
  but yes , that 's sometimes true . 
  some believe that you can heal an economy by invading others . 
  putin actually does it effectively , although the costs are still higher , then the income from the things they stole in the donbass . 
  and that 's one more reason , why we tend to seemingly `` hate russians '' , although we only hate those , who think like that . 
  protecting by invading . 
  that 's a nice tactic . 
  it does n't matter . 
  you are still trying to be somehow neutral . . actually no . 
  you only want that conflict to end . 
  or better , your government wants that . 
  so that they can trade with them again . 
  also i know the word `` putinversteher '' and i 'm indifferent to it . 
  i jsut call these people propagandists or illusionists , although , that i reserve for people , who say , that we must accept everyone in the world . 
  ukraine is the worst issue . 
  it is actually mainly ignored by the germans and the french . 
  they only want peace and want to make new deals with russia . 
  meanwhile we have a reason to be against this russian attack . 
  also you may have noticed that since the russians went to syria , ukraine fell silent . 
  that 's because the `` seperatists '' do n't have the full support of russia . 
  i do n't think he will be able to play his military on two fronts . 
  one in syria and one in ukraine . 
  but it is true , we will have to spend even more into defence ... 
  the problem are countries like germany . 
  `` oh no , we will provoke them , if we try to invest into our future defensive capabilities '' they somehow have that scared mentality and at the same time , they have lots of disinterest . 
  edited it already . 
  prague spring . 
  i guess , that was a little bit delusional from them . 
  communism is something utopian , which wo n't work . 
  far too easy to exploit . 
  kaczinsky probably wo n't try to `` provoke russia '' . 
  he will only point out the failures of the west to act in this conflict . 
  it will be a harder stance , a harder stance , which i 'm in support . 
  also in the us you do n't even know , if they will do that or that . 
  donald trump is too unpredictable for me , and he seems to be very bad republican . 
  someone like reagan would calm down the situation by first heating it up . 
  and if it comes to war , no it wo n't come to war . 
  otherwise nato will have to act , since nato troops are present throughout all members of nato . 
  also poland has the equal right as any other nato member , if we feel threatened we have the right to request for more nato soldiers and more assurance . 
  also yes , orban is indeed very close to putin . 
  it worries me , since putin is n't exactly anywhere near `` freedom '' nor `` justice '' . 
  but it will be probably overlooked . 
  hrm ... 
  probably canada or australia or the us ... 
  if you mean , that it just stopped existing , then i would still live in my country , participating in rebellions . 
  sorry , i meant 1968 ... 
  very sorry for mixing it up . 
  let 's hope this will stop them from invading even more countries . 
  i would n't call it russophobia ... that 's a propaganda term used by russia at the moment . 
  we in poland do n't have anything against russians . 
  you are russian ? 
  good for you . 
  but if you start denying the crimes the russians have done , then you should be prepared for confrontation and hate . 
  that is n't russophobia , but hate against revisionists . 
  and putin is actually one of those , who also praise stalin , which is seen as very dumb in poland . 
  this made me actually question something . 
  in ~ ~ 1956 ~ ~ 1968 , when the prague spring broke out , was the opposition supporting some other form of communism , which did n't fit russia ? 
  not only yours . 
  lech kaczinsky was the one who sparked this action against war in georgia . 
  he collected all of the pms in post-communistic europe . 
  wow , thank you for this op . 
  this is a very interesting collection of data . 
  i 'd never know that so many russians are emigrating into poland . 
  also georgians and ukrainians , but this is far more obvious , since we were rather supportive of the ukrainians and very supportive of georgia . 
  no , i mean when the communists thought poland was n't able to defend itself , so they invaded it , which evolved into a major war . 
  the frontline got pushed into soviet territory , then back into polish , in the end poland won . 
  so we were the ones defending . 
  did n't know it . 
  i 'm a pole living abroad . 
  for me , it is easier to write in english , since i live outside of poland . 
  these keyboards here do n't have the figures necessary . 
  i hope not . 
  i do n't think so , that kukiz would make a coalition with any of the two major parties . 
  heared something about elections being invalid in the donezk region . 
  still pretty harsh to be forced to defend yourselves against russia . 
  it is indeed . 
  as long as you wo n't do the same as prior to ww2 . 
  also this about left-wings is probably because of history . 
  nationalism was what let us survive the 123 years of partition . 
  also the left wing had enough fun between 1945 and 1989 . 
  finally , pis is at it again . 
  let 's just hope they wo n't screw anything up or suddenly go backwards . 
  but this is a success . 
  i also do n't understand the anger against this huge win . 
  why would you be mad ? 
  po has pretty much failed at everything in the last year . 
  haha , so true . 
  it was just a little joke . 
  hello , i support pis ... no this was not sarcasm . 
  guys , i need help . 
  which of those 4 germanys should i choose ? 
  this test is the very important to me !, 
  where is my w\u00f3dka ? 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  and good thing that those have almost no support . 
  still , it is pretty sickening to see that `` zmiana '' actually gained some support . 
  ah , thanks for clarifying . 
  i have mixed it up with that party `` zmiana '' ... 
  is n't korwin that pro-putin party ? 
  why should we negotiate with a madnman over territory , which was always ours ?
