  sadly they stopped reporting on this . 
  i can only say , f *** the environment . 
  at least if it is about the excessive promotion of supposed `` environmental friendly powerplants '' ... wind and solar farms are too unreliable and inefficient . 
  as long as there is no viable alternative , we should use the ressources we have . 
  esspecialy with the today 's political situation i will try to watch that video , but i ca n't atm . 
  i believe it was n't a `` political center '' . 
  more of another extreme position . 
  a third one . 
  and in the end , it is their own fault, 
  how should i know , when you are first talking about poland and now apparently about austria ... 
  although they still do n't seem fascist to me . 
  one of the reasons , why i believe that we should try something else instead of nuclear power . 
  we should use what we have and do research into actually useful technologies , instead of useless , unreliable solar and wind . 
  nuclear fusion would be one . 
   we 'd notice that a left-right spectrum is not very telling in this day it never was , which is the biggest problem . 
  so yes . 
  i can agree with you there . 
  although these rough classifications are just too rough . 
  i believe these elements form the core of every rightwing party . 
  our government for example is seen as centre-right , although it is also highly anti-communist . 
  and actually , these classifications on a two dimeonsional scale are very inaccurate . 
  fascists !? 
  wow , look out , we have a communist over here !, 
  also , how do you want to know it will ruin our country ? 
  what do you even know ? 
  nothing !, 
  this gets supported by saying that pis is fascist . 
  wow , this is just ridiculous . 
  and still ... 
  the russians were responsible for this mess . 
  they were also the ones who hid it , until they could n't hide it anymore . 
  my family actually only got that information via radio liberty , which was western . 
  so even then the russians did n't want to tell anyone . 
  they did n't care who would get cancer . 
  you are right . 
  solar and wind are just too useless . 
  better flee to thailand !, 
  well , would you call a communist a fascist ? 
  what are the soviet communists then ? 
  oh , so you have also elected retarded people into your government ? 
  what makes you an expert in that ? 
  pssshh , he is talking about eastern europe ... we are in central europe . 
  it seems like austria has a pretty healthy political landscape , unlike germany , where one is immediately the devil for supporting rightwing parties . 
  or is your media also full of bullshit like the german one , if it is about issues like the migration crisis ? 
  good luck with that , the csu is only present in bavaria . 
  just because you are being eurosceptic , against islam and against mass immigration , does n't mean that you are far-right . 
  there are lots of different things to consider . 
  calling the afd far-right is also pretty dumb . 
  they are rightwing at best . 
  more like : `` having very left of center policies = these are our heroes !, 
  '' ( except if they are anarchist ), 
  you ca n't just compare the parties of two different countries . 
  especially not like this . 
  all of them are different . 
  as well as bad . 
  well ... pilsudski , the temporary head of state at that time , considered himself a polish-lithuanian and he actually wanted to fully restore the commonwealth . 
  schulz calling pis winning the elections in poland a `` coup '', 
  are you that dense , that you ca n't even read ? 
  oh right , completely forgot that this is pravda . 
  i still have my list of not-trustable medias somewhere , which i have made to immediately see who to trust and who to not . 
  add some comic sans and wacky effects and this website will be fabulous . 
  well , you got ta do something about that money, 
  and he is actively pushing it by throwing around empty accusations and promoting an interventionist policy . 
  of course will people begin to blame the eu , too . 
  so this means she did . 
  it also is n't about all muslims . 
  it is about the ones migrating into europe . 
  or into the west and north european countries to be more specific . 
  are you sure ? 
  * cough * merkel, 
  he 's not able to adapt the 1st century because we are already in the 21st century , moron . 
   thoroughly investigated letting the wreck rot on an airfield where everyone is free to take everything what they see . 
  nice `` investigation '' . 
  the smolensk incident from 2010 and also [ this ] ( http://thenews.pl/1/10/artykul/248274,donald-tusk-did-not-undertake-ukraine-peace-initiative-polish-fm ) . 
  poland was meant to participate in that . 
  what if i tell you , that obama supported putin with invading ukraine by letting it happen ? 
  oh this means , that obama must be an useful idiot to putin !, 
  same logic used . 
  seems like you are taking your opinion as a fact . 
  is n't really the most idiotic thing i have seen . 
  but it certainly qualifies as something like that . 
  you are also probably calling everyone a nazi , who does n't supports migrants and believe that `` enriches '' you . 
  if you are insulting someone , do n't expect to not be insulted back . 
  especially when you write something nonsensical like that . 
  how do you know that it is false ? 
  also they are n't chopping down the whole forest , only a part of it . 
  and either they do that or that bug will destroy the entire forest . 
  the hypocrisy of yours is strong . 
  and still , it was n't investigated properly . 
  an independent international investigation should have been held . 
  russia is promoting communist warcrimes . 
  they still wo n't give us our plane wreck from smolensk back . 
  they are actively provoking us . 
  their propaganda depicts everyone supporting ukraine as `` fascist nazi gay jews '' . 
  i would happily say `` no '' to russia . 
  also ukraine was n't hostile to russia . 
  it later became , since russia actually invaded crimea and donbass , while literally demonizing ukraine . 
  also in reply to your other answer : so this means the russian empire has also nothing to do with today 's russia ? 
  neither does the commonwealth and neither does the german empire with today 's germany ... you know certainly know , that history is a very important factor in political decision-making and russia ** is ** the result of the soviet union and also the founder of it . 
  they are responsible for their own history .
