  but it does n't change the fact , that crimea is under russian occupation, 
  seems to me , like you live in a parallel world . 
  you seem to be very biased . 
  we defended europe from you as well as from the islam . 
  an anti-isis alliance with russia is n't the same like an anti-isis alliance without russia . 
  you seem to lack knowledge in history . 
  the communists thought , that they had a free card to western europe . 
  we only defended ourselves and then took the tribute . 
  also keep in mind that that territory which poland took , belonged to the polish-lithuanian commonwealth prior to the partitions . 
  and there were always some territorial disputes since the borders were n't solid . 
  this is just nitpicking , it may had some impact , but the impact was rather small , compared to other influences . 
  in the end it was a western betrayal . 
  oh yes , it has something to do with the eu countries , since in 1989 we were already part of the eu ... / s also you may say that , but you should know , a major power ca n't defned itself from two major powers , while being reassured all the time by its allies and even be said , to demobilize it armies . 
  also germany and russia are historical enemies of poland and in both , at that time , were bloodthirsty dictators . 
  so , please tell me what could have been done better ? 
  it was not our fault , neither was it the fault of the aboriginies in australia to be shooed away from their homes by foreigners . 
  you just ignored everything else i wrote . 
  poland did many things for europe . 
  defending it against the ottomans ( in which they were later partitioned ) . 
  defending against the communists ( in which they were later partitioned again ) ... and in world war 2 , where poles fought on all fronts against the germans . 
  and in the end we experienced a complete betrayal from our allies , many of these soldiers actually suicided , after the news came , that poland will be under soviet occupation . 
  so for me it looks pretty heroic . 
  wow , i have already seen people full of ignorance , but this tops everything off . 
  you should know that poland was a prosperous nation before the world war 2 . 
  when world war 2 happened , the brits and the french promised to send help in a timespan of a month , but nothing came , instead they lied and lied again and again . 
  on the 14th september the russians came from the east , as allies from germany . 
  in the war the polish government in exile was excluded from many meetings discussing the future of europe , in the end sikorski , one of the most important polish generals and politicians died and poland had noone who would defend it . 
  so poland was sold off to the russians after world war 2 and our war against the occupiers ended in 1989 , instead of 1945 . 
  now today we are one of the most flourishing nations again , but this was done through our own hard work , which we had to do , after the russians robbed us everything and the west just sold us out . 
  along with several other countries , which were also sold out , especially czechoslovakia had its worst time in world war 2 . 
  `` former soviet republics '' . 
  well , i do n't know if this is needed , but it probably is : lithuania , estonia and latvia , all three rised ( again ) from the fall of the russian empire in the aftermath of world war 1 . 
  now they enjoyed some independence until the molotov-ribbentropf pact happened . 
  yep , they were also affected by it , where these three countries should be invaded and annexed by the soviet union and all that other stuff . 
  now , 1991 was the year where they once again regained independence . 
  and it was a pretty violent independence because of russian troops being sent into the capitals . 
  so : it should be pretty clear why the baltic nations do n't want to make an alliance with a country , which is known to be hostile towards all its neighbours and handling them like puppets . 
  i hope more countries will release statements againstan `` anti-isis '' alliance with russia . 
  you sold us out to the russians/soviets ... we had to rebuild our nations and now you want even to make us do something , which is pretty much against the will of the people . 
  is n't democracy supposed to be for the people and not against them ? 
  these `` values '' you just described are teached at schools , which is the worst part . 
  all the time i need to listen to some ridiculous illusionist theories , which will never work out . 
  also the countries in central and eastern europe have some problems , because of the communist bandits , which were let into power , in accordance to the western betrayal . 
  we still have some hunger , so our citizens come above those seeking shelter , but which we also may not forget . 
  but only war refugees . 
  not that `` refugee '' crisis which is still going on . 
  these are mostly migrants , not even refugees . 
  and ... what are they going to do ? 
  we should care even less about russia and what their `` opposings '' are , since when russia decided to invade ukraine along with performing international terrorism . 
  they have no right to interfere with souvereign nations , no matter if neighbor or future neighbor . 
  * very important topics then ... or at least i hope , that we have one opinion in the matter of how to see today 's russia . 
  you may see some friendliness between poles and hungarians , but hungary probably does n't want to be told by an another country , not to make deals with russia . 
  then this noun is outdated . 
  culturally speaking central europe differs a lot from western europe eastern europe, 
  how can you be wrong about a geographical point ? 
  europe goes from the atlantic to the urals . 
  from the arctic sea to the meditarrenean . 
  so in this case it should be pretty clear , that it is central europe . 
  also i find it fairly arrogant from people living in west europe , considering everything beyond the iron curtain eastern europe . 
  looking at the map , you can clearly see that the center point of europe is somewhere in poland . 
  well , due to the map not representing itself on a sphere , it may shift . 
  still , geographically it is central europe , no matter what . 
  the term `` refugee '' is very misused . 
  it actually almost became a synonym to `` economic migrant '' . 
  so that 's why . 
  this really confused me ... 
  in east ? 
  i thought this was an article about the ongoing conflict with russia , since words like `` iron curtain '' were included . 
  in the end it is only talking about the south and southeast . 
  sorry to throw that up , but those 4 countries are n't in eastern europe . 
  there was actually no union against germany . 
  but pilsudski , the polish president of the 2nd polish republic , tried to make an alliance between the czechs , slovaks , hungarians , poles and romanians against the soviets . 
  it failed as you know . 
  meanwhile about the occupying thing . 
  thank britain and france for that . 
  it was decided in n\u00fcrnberg to sell czechoslovakia to germany . 
  later on they practically did the same to poland as well . 
  also there were historical disputes in these lands . 
  so in that time it was understandable , since after world war 1 many countries gained independence . 
  ( and their independence was actually defended by poland ), 
  that would be actually even worse . 
  having a union between 2 countries is already hard , but between 4 , who also have different interests . 
  we are too different for that . 
  uh no ... 
  while we may agree about our sceptism about the eu , we do n't follow the same policies in other topics . 
  one example would be the stance towards today 's hostile russia . 
  hungary and the czech would prefer to be more friendly with them , while we hate them back for obvious reasons . 
  depends on the point of view . 
  the czechs are still able to decide for themselves . 
  as long as the eu does n't become `` unified '' or something else ridiculous happens , the czech republic will remain free . 
   banned the russian language  ukraine had a pro-western government now that wanted to join nato this is enough for me to say : end of discussion . 
  please inform yourself before you write such things . 
  yeah , while massacring ukrainians and georgians with the help of the russians . 
  thank you russia for `` liberating '' again !, 
  alright here , if you are unable to obtain these informations for yourself : http://www.interpretermag.com/category/ukraine-live/ just search through . 
  you will see how it developed and how it still goes on . 
  sorry , but i am following this war , since the protests in november 2013 . 
  yanukovich had promised to sign something , which would ensure closer cooperation between ukraine and the eu . 
  then he changed his mind and took money from russia to then sign closer cooperation to russia . 
  in february 2014 he was voted out by the parliament .
