  also , you seem to forget the 1920 invasion from the soviets , trying to spread their dirty ideals throughout europe . 
  you should be actually thankful for the poles defending europe from communism , because otherwise you would have been completly isolated . 
  the soviets were one of the worst enemies in ww2 . 
  oh of course they had ... 
  it is n't like almost the whole german army was fighting in poland and they still got very heavy losses . 
  if france and britain would have attacked germany from the west , then germany had a two front war , no chance for them to win . 
  this is just a ridiculous excuse . 
  especially , when the brits say ** all the time ** that support is on its way and to not worry . 
  even to demobilise the polish army . 
  right ... 
  the brits were always those arrogant islanders . 
  the ussr was as bad as germany in wwii . 
  so the `` whining '' is justified . 
  also germany set off wwii with invading poland , but the ussr also helped the germans in invading poland . 
  but the west owed poland allegiance , as well as the czechs . 
  instead they betrayed them . 
  not really . 
  meanwhile the second thing , i 've never denied that . 
  you seem to not understand me . 
  i was talking in response to the swede , who was talking in response to the other guy , who was talking in response to the article . 
  it is about salafists and salafists are definetly not defineable by nationality . 
  and about the `` syrian '' you are talking about . 
  many also call them refugees , but these are n't only syrians , at the same time , the majority are economical migrants . 
  so do you imply , that we are murdering syrians for coming to our country and that we invaded syria ? 
  you seem to be very misinformed about both subjects . 
  you ca n't even compare this crisis to world war 2 , it does n't make any sense !, 
  and no need to describe me what xenophobia is . 
  but in this case you are using it wrong . 
  also `` eastern europeans '' . 
  i do n't know what eastern europeans think of syrians . 
  first off , why should we accept salafists in our country , knowing , that they only cause trouble ? 
  secondly , why is it ironic ? 
  and thirdly , what has this to do with xenophobia ? 
  uh no ... 
  how did i even miss that ? 
  well , that is actually something , i hope they wo n't copy that from orban . 
  in this case , i can understand being a bad example . 
  well , actually yes . 
  it is true . 
  and i am actually uncertain how it would had went , if poland ended in a recession . 
  conservative does n't mean `` being backwards '' . 
  it means to conserve older things , most of them are reliable . 
  and actually the polish conservatism is n't literal conservatism . 
  they have also tried completly new things and are advancing . 
  it all depends on what you want to `` conserve '' . 
  and why would it mean a reduction of the human rights in poland ? 
  actually with pis , foreign companies will have to pay higher taxes , while supporting new polish companies . 
  also , why of women , if i may ask . 
  i do n't know anything of reducing the rights of women . 
  and minorities . 
  it depends which you mean . 
  if you mean homosexuals , their rights probably wo n't be reduced , but they also may not hope to make any `` marriage '' . 
  in my opinion , it is an anomaly . 
  oh and pis is actually addressing those who are standing worse then middle class as well . 
  so their economical agenda is quite left , the opposite of being conservative , while their political plan is indeed conservative . 
  i guess you seem to be not able to see , that being `` liberal '' is n't being `` right '' or `` advanced '' . 
  mostly it is actually the opposite . 
  well , they may be pretty good at looking at numbers , but the problem is , that they actually crippled the docks in sczeczin and privatised many things , which should n't have been privatized in the first place . 
  also in addition to that , there are a lot of losers from their agenda . 
   the party often refers to hungary 's orban as an example , which way they want to go . 
  and why is that exactly a bad thing ? 
  also , if with conspiracy theories you mean that `` accident '' in smolensk in 2010 , the case was still not closed and nobody still knows what happened there . 
  and for your questions , i will vote for pis , it is very clear to me , that they have the best plans . 
  in the terms of the refugee crisis . 
  the current pm , kopacz is pretty much a traitor to her own country in this case . 
  nobody wants them here , because why should we ? 
  most of them are n't even real refugees . 
  so pis will probably support the others in the visegard group . 
  the brexit risk is n't actually that high , especially when pis will come to power . 
  they will have in this case a new supporter , which will brake down dumb actions from germany or france . 
  no idea . 
  russia relations will stay very bad . 
  po actually tried to improve relations with russia , even though they were blocking a proper investigation into the smolensk 2010 `` accident '' and just let it rust on some airfield , where the locals actually stole important parts of the plane . 
  russia would had a lot of interest in downing this plane . 
  there will be probably some increased support for ukraine , if they turn their back on bandera , but primarily it will focused on the russians , which were on a rampage in ukraine and now in syria . 
  stalin and lenin times . 
  especially in the times of the cruel dictator stalin , lots of those were built . 
  uh what ? 
  why should it violate human rights ? 
  in germany such rules exists since ... ever . 
  on my old school there was a strict rule , that you may only speak german ... 
  exception is english of course . 
  why ? 
  because the teachers need to know what they are talking about , if they do so in front of someone , who does n't understand them and at the same time to prevent misunderstandings . 
  also it is austria . 
  you are expected to talk german and intergrate yourself . 
  unlike in germany , where it is apparently ok for most people to do some crazy `` multi-kulti '', 
  i do n't think we will accept these kind of people in our countries . 
  protecting your border is the biggest crime you can do . 
  that 's the eu , not europe . 
  uh , no . 
  copernicus was indeed polish . 
  he lived in poland , he worked there , he was born there . 
  but in the end , he even said , that for him nationality does n't matter . 
  this is actually a good point you brought up . 
  but technically you are european . 
  although the culture is very different . 
  yes , but it is about the way of thinking and the culture . 
  we may have similarities with other nations , but that 's it already . 
  just like every other nation .
