  i can only shake with my head to that . 
  well , this is what happens when a typical shitfight gets promoted to the international level and the governing party has serious problems with pr and did lots of mistakes . 
  the constitutional court was slowed down , heavily , since it would n't aprove anything by pis anyways , because most of the judges were elected by the po , only 1 was elected by pis , when po broke the polish constitution at the end of its term and i do n't see the issue there , to see the election by po as completely illegitimate . 
  meanwhile pis is trying to clean up while causing a second mess . 
  most of those politicians outside of poland probably do not understand what exactly is going on right now . 
  well politics . 
  of course ... as if we ever ally ourselves with russia ( except when the russians have already taken over everything , potraying themselves as our `` saviours '' ) no , stop this black and white non-sense . 
  there are always more then 2 options . 
  but at the same time , most of those groups seem to support this massive influx of migrants ... 
  so in this case , they are actually digging their own grave . 
  we were n't . 
  neither was anyone bordering russia and belonging to the eu or nato or having parts of its territories occupied by russia . 
  and actually not sending a harder stance towards russia , they will continue to literally push their borders . 
  of course , we can also take you in twice . 
  but we will still have the control ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ and_make_another_liberum_votum, 
  nah , we 're the center . 
  actually , now they arrested another estonian : http://www.interpretermag.com/russia-update-february-19-2016/, 
  they are being pricks to pretty much everyone , they are bordering ... and beyond . 
  hey , you are attacking nato members , want to create poland-lithuania again ? 
  well ... half of nato will probably intervene . 
  esspecially we will . 
  is there any better source then rt ? 
  and that automatically means , that.i am a conformist ? 
  said who ? 
  which is because germany actually tries to interfere into polish politics . 
  or at least german politicians are pretty much spreading lies about `` coups '' and poland becoming `` putinized '' . 
  oh and the smolensk 2010 incident . 
  it is still unknown what happened . 
  as long as no international investigation will happen , it will remain unknown . 
  also it is so nice , that the russians forcefully decided to store our destroyed governmental plane on one of their highly secured airfields ... / s, 
  so this means , you are always sad ? 
  because po did pretty much the same ( although not so fast as pis ), 
  it is n't as if western europe has the same problem , if you do n't follow the popular opinions , then you might as well be an extremist or racist or whatever and you can even get jailed . 
  so , nothing new . 
  that is the right thing to say . 
  saying `` polish death camp '' in a serious manner , is revisionism and very insulting . 
  i actually wonder ... will we arrest the president of the usa , if he says it ? 
  well ... actually no . 
  it was occupied . 
  the death camp was built by the germans , so thereby it is german . 
  we still had plenty of ressistance , especially 1944 ... 
  uhrm ... well . 
  if you want to be really accurate : our supposed allies britain and france went onto the route of appeasement policy and they kept it , until we were invaded on the 1st september 1939 . 
  prior to that they kept telling us to demoblizie our army , after we mobilized it ( i think it was in 1936 ) of course , the polish government was split and only a part of the army was mobilized due to british demand . 
  later on we were promised to get help in a month after an attack . 
  also in addition to the german attack , we were attacked from the back by the communists on the 17th september 1939 . 
  i actually believe that we would have been able to defend ourself , if it was n't for the soviets attacking and our supposed `` allies '' , which betrayed us about 3 times in a row at that time , not helping , germany certainly would n't been succesful . 
  ( but this is debateable ), 
  well , this law was introduced because many media are calling the german death camp auschwitz polish . 
  although it was n't a polish death camp in poland , but a german death camp in poland . 
  and actually it could be considered as hate speech or at least it is a huge insult to us , if you do n't apologize for such a mistake . 
  i 'm still split about such a law . 
  that cover by wprost is probably known everywhere already . 
  meanwhile those other two , are they seriously seen as controversial ? 
  for me they seem like the average cover you will get . 
  oh , i love this . 
  maybe i should try to look around for wsieci . 
  and no , you are wrong . 
  we are living in a dictatorship , north korea 2.0, 
  do n't forget that poland is now a bloody dictatorship , north korea 2.0 right there . 
  well , i am a conservative and i agree with it . 
  wait , so they did the same as they did to us ? 
  wow , what a dumb move by russia . 
  i facepalmed . 
  the article is neutral and only reports about it . 
  so thenews.pl is a very reliable source . 
  although i do not understand in what ways this move by an american ngo made sense , since belarus nor russia are on that watchlist . 
  i still believe that there is no `` european identity '' . 
  you may identify yourself as an european on a intercontinental level , but not on a continental level . 
  europe is not a country and that is a good thing . 
  the usa had a very different starting point , especially since it was colonized by the many different people , which in the end decided to build a country from the roots . 
  the same happened in europe with the european countries . 
  every european country has roots , some share some , some do not . 
  and this is the issue , why it is impossible to make a `` united states of europe '' . 
  if i 've actually understood you the right way , that you are promoting such an idea . 
  was this passed just after the pm visited a coffee shop ? 
  what did i say all the time ? 
  most of them are n't actual refugees . 
  they are migrants and should be treated as such . 
  also ** most ** . 
  nothing to generalize here . 
  still does n't change the events connected with that building . 
  you do know that many died while building it ... and they were forced to do that . 
  really nice `` gift '', 
  nobody will miss them . 
  they are free to leave and actually free to actually stay away , when they are n't in immediate danger ... 
  in this case these are n't even `` refugees '' . 
  these are migrants abusing the system . 
  welp ... 
  i am actually quite curious what else the soviets have done , then the katyn massacre , holdomor and the molotov-ribbentropf pact as well as the gulags . 
  but almost the same goes for britain , they are hiding something ... 
  meanwhile the russians propably destroyed reports about possible crimes . 
  no , they are trying to justify putin 's actions . 
  and did i ever say that i support every action nato takes ? 
  so let that down . 
  also there seems to be some misinformation , already the first line says `` the ukrainian military is bombarding the ukrainian city donezk '' , although the context of that is not mentioned . 
  enough for me to put it onto the propaganda list . 
  also taking a look objectively : russia is clearly violating international law and attacking their neighbour in a semi-open war . 
  oh and do n't forget that certain memorandum from 1994 . 
  and this is exactly what i mean .
