  by not cooperating with russia , until russia stops it hostile actions in ukraine and georgia . 
  ( yes they are still actively provoking in georgia ), 
  he is actually doing it the realistic and rational way . 
  some could argue it is actually humane from him , since he does n't have the capacity for all of those migrants . 
  the raf were financed by the soviets . 
  so no . 
  also he said , that all terrorists are migrants . 
  not that all migrants are terrorists . 
  there is quite a big difference there . 
  it is still not censorship . 
  that journalist might be hired by some commercial tv . 
  so , it has nothing to do with the freedom of press . 
  it is a publicly funded theatre . 
  so of course , people will protest against , especially if it is this kind of play . 
  this is just terrible . 
  and almost all members of the eu may be the next targets , because of the schengen area . 
  i do n't say , that it was a bad idea , but the huge influx was a bad idea , since everyone knew that we ca n't support so many immigrants . 
  and they will start founding parallel societies , if they wo n't be properly intergrated and then the same as in belgium may happen , if it goes really terribly wrong . 
  belgium did n't even had so many colonies , unlike france which was far more prone to be victim of islamists . 
  so it seems like belgium is the hornet 's nest in this case . 
  but i 'm pretty sure there are even more of these jihad-recruitment neighborhoods . 
  if two countries are fighting each other , of course there will be short-term and long-term losers . 
  these are preventing the repairs . 
  but who set it off ? 
  you seem to not understand . 
  it is n't just about `` selling candies '' ... trade goes in both directions . 
  and the ukrainian economy will certainly collaps without russian gas . 
  and russia is doing its job to occupy the regions , which had a very good industrial infrastructure , even going as far as to steal things . 
  ukraine is oppressed by russia at the moment . 
  also in these 25 years many corrupt politicians became head of state , but they only used their terms to get as much money as possible . 
  and russia probably does n't want donbass ... after it bombarded and robbed it . 
  pretty much barbarian-like behaviour . 
  oh , so you mean , they can investigate it for themselves , while not being there and come to that conclusion ? 
  alright . 
  why as difficult as possible ? 
  the preparators probably just thought that if the population wo n't get any electricity there , they will start to question the authorities , why they are n't able to provide electricity . 
  effectively sowing discontent with the occupiers . 
  in the end the occupiers will suffer . 
  well , if it goes without propaganda . 
  but the russian propaganda will twist it so much , that they will say once again : `` be happy , we saved you from the cannibal-fascist ukrainians and now they want to see you to starve to death '' ... and this will somehow work , at least on the majority . 
  i had watched enough propaganda to know , that even more demonisation of ukraine will happen . 
  just like the russian media propagated , that `` russian '' is banned , although only its status as an official language , which was introduced 3-5 years earlier , was removed again . 
  sadly , ukraine is too dependent on russia , and still russia attacks it . 
  seems pretty nonsensical , in the end ukraine just struggles for freedom , while russia is trying to `` annex '' it . 
  so they keep trading . 
  goods as well as bullets and grenades . 
  why ? 
  only the infrastructure got damaged . 
  so it is not an act of terror . 
  acts of terror are primarily happening in eastern ukraine by the russian-funded terrorists . 
  meanwhile in crimea a dictatorship was installed ... or better to say : it was `` liberated '' by the russians . 
  no , occupants meaning people who invaded crimea in 2014 . 
  this is the price what it takes . 
  the civilian population will always suffer , no matter what . 
  it is the price they must pay . 
  russia is responsible for them , not ukraine . 
  still not recognizing it as russian lands , but as ukrainian lands under russian occupation . 
  russia has control over the region . 
  in the end they hoped to sow discontent among the crimean population against the occupiers . 
  because the government was n't established and actually pretty much nothing was established , since it was just after the revolution . 
  so russia took advantage of it and invaded crimea , meanwhile the ukrainian soldiers there did n't recieve any orders , so they stayed there . 
  why really minor ? 
  are 7.000 dead people not enough ? 
  is the damage caused to minor ? 
  is the number of displaced people too low ? 
  oh alright . 
  the vice news documentation named `` russian roulette - the invasion of ukraine '' provides it . 
  it was one of the first ten . 
  i do n't know anymore , since so much new happened in this war . 
  this was even prior to the russian attack onto eastern ukraine . 
  they did n't . 
  or at least , that was under the russian invasion and the ousting of several people in the parliament . 
  crimea was n't even for a second independent in 2014 . 
   ca n't really blame crimeans for taking their only chance of independence ** which independence ? 
  ** where is it ? 
  is an occupation by a foreign power a declaration fo independence ? 
  did i miss something ? 
  should n't the one who accuses the others do that ? 
  crimea was n't blockaded , crimea was given autonomy under ukrainian rule , and crimea was never demonised . 
  instead the opposite happened . 
  ukraine was attacked by russia , twice . 
  russia keeps attacking ukraine , even when a ceasefire is under effect , russia keeps ignoring international law . 
  and so on . 
  which is because , ukraine ca n't afford a major war with russia . 
  so , they let it be like a minor war . 
  yes , it is a minor war between ukraine and ( not ) russia . 
  in 1991 an overwhelming majority voted for staying with ukraine . 
  of course , there was some request for more autonomy , which was given to them . 
  now this , this was a russian invasion , which already makes a referendum impossible . 
  the problem here is , that crimea was occupied by russia , it is n't independent and since russia has the ressources to connect it to its powersystem , it may do that . 
  but the best thing would have been , just to ** not ** invade and occupy crimea . 
  which is completely ridiculous , since it was n't ukraine itself . 
  if russia would n't have gone to war in eastern ukraine , then this whole mess would n't exist . 
  the russian invasion of crimea was insane enough . 
  or maybe those who invaded crimea are the assholes , even flying russian citizens into crimea and making them partivipate in the `` referendum '' . 
  you should know , the `` referendum '' there was completly unreliable . 
  and nice lies , too bad you ca n't proof them . 
  and still . 
  if crimea should be russian , then crimea should be provided with electricity from russia . 
  now , this will be very interesting , since russia wantee crimea so bad , they also can provide electricityvthemselves imstead of eating from ukraine .
