  the more sensation you make out of something , the more money you get . 
  oh well , that would have been nice . 
  the polish-lithuanian commonwealth living on , a balanced europe and almost no russian threat . 
  but you meant probably something different , too bad . 
  which was actually caused by the poverty , which was caused by the soviet/russian dictatorship in both countries . 
  so true . 
  well , that 's what is potraied in media . 
  but in reality it is mainly peaceful . 
  only sometimes there are some idiots causing trouble . 
  and most media footage about `` rioting '' is from after the event , when police is about to clear it , but some idiots are refusing to go . 
  oh well , that was some mismanagement by the polish kingdom , otherwise moscow would n't have been freed . 
  but this is actually weird to see , that russia is admitting , that moscow is n't that city , which was never occupied by a foreign power . 
  considering the communists were bending history as much as possible to fit their needs . 
  well , the lefts were actually kicked out of central / eastern europe , because of their crimes against the people . 
  now they are mad and want revenge to our revenge . 
  of course we are . 
  we are very inferior to you . 
  especially you , since you seem to have scientific evidence about this literally reality-changing claim . 
  such arrogant and illusionist people like you are the ones , who annoy me the most . 
  well , we are `` racist '' , because we do n't let illusionate ourselves with unrealistic goals , whose consequences are completely unknown . 
  we prefer the rational way . 
  note : rational does n't mean without morals . 
  also this is one of the reasons why the western media is wrong at calling everyone opposing this influx of economical migrants , which are also called `` refugees '' , a nationalsocialist or a racist . 
  edit : just forgot some quotation marks . 
  it is true , it is actually more then an economical alliance already . 
  but this is already too much power to the eu . 
  i think , that the eu would become an oppressive regime , if it is given more power . 
  also my ancestors actually fought for the independence of my country as well as my parents did , until they had to leave because of the communists . 
  solidarnosc was n't created to again lose souvereignity , but to gain independence and freedom and justice . 
  actually , did you read my other comment to your question ? 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3r907z/serious_why_is_europe_still_caught_up_between_the/cwm25vr and well , a question to you . 
  what makes you think , that closer eu integration is a good idea ? 
  we actually just say `` one eightyeight '' , that 's enough to know how high someone is . 
  while the first thing is true , it is not comparable to a `` united eu '' . 
  the eu is no country and hopefully it will never be that . 
  it was supposed to be an economical alliance . 
  it is true that we do not want to , because why should we ? 
  it would stop the souvreignity of many nations and many countries would probably leave the eu before that happens . 
  which will hopefully never happen . 
  europe is n't a country . 
  it is a continent . 
  what you mean is probably the eu . 
  the eu is n't a country neither . 
  it is an alliance of many different european countries . 
  but it will remain like that . 
  although it already has too much power to say , what to do . 
  especially since western europe thinks they are above everyone else . 
  we do n't need corrupt beaurocrats and we do n't need a literally united europe . 
  but only a united europe in foreign matters . 
  also there is nato , which is actually the greatest thing influencing europe by the us . 
  and nato is a good thing to have around , since eu membership wo n't rescue you from a possible invasion from the east . 
  and you 're right , the cold war is already over , some could argue a new one is going on due to russia 's actions in ukraine and syria as well as china 's actions in the pacific . 
  but all in all , the european nations are mostly independent and are n't actually `` stuck between russia and the us '' . 
  the only countries which are directly threatened by russia are n't members of the eu , these are ukraine , georgia and moldovia . 
  i also hope that the eu will never become a `` superstate '' . 
  the cultural differences are far too big . 
  and with different culture the way of thinking is different , too . 
  we do n't like treating our enemies like adopted puppies . 
  or accepting backdoor deals by a supposed ally with a state , which is invading other countries or practicising international terrorism right at our border . 
  and if the eu unites , it will fall like the ussr did . 
  maybe not because of the same reasons , but because it is simply not possible to `` unite '' so many people without using excessive force , including massmurder ... 
  the problem is , that english is english , no matter what and there is no european language . 
  nobody but britains speak english ... 
  the others just do it , because they can . 
  who would say such a thing ? 
  those who hate russia , hate putin . 
  not normal russians . 
  they often get described as russophobic and so on by the russian media . 
  also this joke about `` russian tourists on vacation '' is already pretty old but still the ironic truth . 
  putin once said , that there is no russian army in ukraine , but tourists . 
  but the innocents have almost nothing to do with that . 
  especially in this tragic accident , there are absolutely no connections to politics . 
  i do n't think this is because it was a russian airplane , but more likely it has to do with the website hosting this article . 
  you know , rt was very known to be highly anti-american and spreading literally hate and lies among people . 
  wow , the first non-propaganda article i have read from rt in a * very * long time . 
  and yes , the incident itself is actually more important , but since an article from a very known russian propagandaside is linked , i have to point it out . 
  even with this report i do n't really trust them . 
  the dumbest people are those , who burn plastic ... 
  at least they do n't explode like they do in russia . 
  this will probably upset many englishmen . 
  `` i 'm speaking european '' , the sequel to `` i 'm speaking american '', 
  wow , i did n't even know you could see those from there . 
  just tells us how small our world actually is . 
  also , from where did you take it ? 
  i plan to go there once again, 
  oh these people are the worst . 
  most of them came from russia anyways or are just highly anti-american , where they think , that russia must be good . 
  and regarding ukraine . 
  it is indeed wrong to say `` prorussian seperatists '' . 
  also spiegel has one of the worst summaries of this conflict . 
  it talks about fascists and as if russia never was involved which is wrong in every way . 
  i 've never said , that political correctness is a leftist thing . 
  also to this level , like it is used today , it actually could be almost called censorship . 
  since it is n't politically correct to be against refugees or against the eu . 
  that 's what they teach in schools . 
  and discussions can be kept civil , even without that ridiculious `` politicial correctness '' . 
  what you mean is probably how people treat each other and the use of insults . 
  or simply : just being polite . 
  but what i mean is , that it just guides an agenda of someone . 
  and everyone who disagrees with it , is being politically incorrect and so `` not worthy '' .
