  making a supercountry of that would make it literally fall apart after 2 days . 
  but in these times a higher military spending is required . 
  probably they were . 
  at least they were a healthy opposition to those other countries , which want to push for even more interference . 
  many eu people are already calling for a new person to fill his position . 
  you 're right . 
  it is actually 2 % . 
  and they still do n't meet it . 
  that 's also the kind of logic , which actually has been used prior the war ... czechoslovakia fell to that . 
  they did no one a favor by leaving . 
  actually , did they migrate into the atlantic ? 
  or why did they do `` europe '' a favor ? 
  you surely mean the eu . 
  and it is a bad thing for everyone that they have left . 
  one more sane voice left the eu . 
  this could mean the end of the eu if the eu gets crazy about unity and other unrealistic und non-sense plans . 
  he always thinks he is right , but actually , he is just a goon whose job is now at stake . 
  well ... maybe the western european countries should finally meet the 3 % quota ? 
  but actually this article is utter bullshit . 
  `` duh , nato is very weak , russia will destroy , we should n't warmonger , we should do more appeasement policy '' because of people like that guy , ukraine lost crimea . 
  because of such people world war 2 was made possible . 
  by simply appeasing far too much . 
  and talking about a surprise attack upon the baltic states ... 
  build up the troops in these states . 
  they are in danger of being a target of russia , especially latvia . 
  the future is uncertain as always . 
  and actually with the uk leaving ( if they actually pay attention to the referendum and do not try to force some bullshit reason to remain ) central europe will have it harder . 
  especially the v4 . 
  we do n't want integration . 
  so if the eu should centralize and try to integrate even faster , it will end terribly wrong . 
  the eu will loose even more members . 
  or a far better scenario happens : the eu actually reforms itself . 
  giving more power to the members instead of being a big stone in the road . 
  sorry then , i thought you were . 
  although i have already told you what bothers me . 
  the guy portraying for germany is clearly from african origin . 
  it does n't represent your average german . 
  this is where it already fails at . 
  and the message which is probably behind it is quite disgusting to me . 
  `` diversity '', 
  you seem to be rather fast in conclusions . 
  maybe a bit too fast , but alright , if bigotry is your thing , go for it . 
  yes , but many national teams `` trade '' players , so i do n't give it much attention . 
  although it kind of defeats the purpose . 
  yep , that 's right . 
  although you are the kind of muslim , which is n't really friendly . 
  just like most muslim people living already in europe . 
  the other kind of muslim is ok . 
  he does n't fit because he is clearly not your common german . 
  nope . 
  only some polish jet fighters are supposed to go on recon missions . 
  that 's all . 
  and we also need more support against russia . 
  he does n't fit . 
  i actually do n't know who was worse . 
  for me it looks like more of a `` fuck you '' to all germans . 
  that guy has nothing german on him . 
  good no polish flag . 
  looks pretty dumb . 
  that 's my first reaction . 
  that above is my second reaction . 
  and why does that `` german '' guy look so african ? 
  not really . 
  pis is evil , that 's the german rethoric . 
  actually it would be enough to just tell these `` cunts '' , that the soviets did that . 
  we did n't do shit ... we were n't the ones who were winning , we have lost world war 2 big time . 
  can we please stop this political shitfight . 
  i am tired of it . 
  actually the problem is your media . 
  your media portrays pis as the new devil . 
  there are n't many anti-german things in that party . 
  the only thing we want is to be independent . 
  but yeah , continue to tell us , what a bad choice we have made , because it seems like you know it better . 
  the us is something completely different . 
  it is impossible to be like the usa for the eu , because of the deep differeneces in the mentality and culture of the people . 
  and no , i have already told you that they were similar because of bureaucracy and not necassary things like some laws as well as the distribution of migrants and the trying to teach a country , because it does n't have the exact same values . 
  and you seem to not get , that it i said it is similar . 
  not the same . 
  the ussr was as bad as germany in world war 2 . 
  it is more about the being a satelite part then anything else . 
  `` especially when looking at recent events '' the eu is trying to be a `` supernation '' and it interferes with internal affairs which it should n't do at all . 
  also it likes to dictate and when the migrant crisis happened they also wanted to spread those among all countries ... and in the end they went where they wanted anyways . 
  also there is so much unneeded bureaucracy and unnecessary laws in the eu . 
  pretty similar to communist times ... 
  although i am not saying that it was the same , it is similar . 
  yeah sure i did ... nobody is actually trolling here , but sure , go ahead . 
  call everyone who has a different opinion a troll . 
  why ? 
  calling it ussr 2.0 is actually kind of justified ... 
  especially when looking at recent events . 
  actually no ... you are not going to get downvoted to hell for opposing the eu . 
  i also oppose it , if it makes you more comfortable . 
  it is an european subreddit . 
  although it had some problems in recent times with the free-speech , the toxic mods were finally kicked out . 
  why teamkilling ? 
  the legionaires were fighting for germany exclusively against the russians . 
  i wonder what the left is in poland ... 
  you can try to `` roleplay '' as the legionaires . 
  meanwhile i am here to just say ... fuck ea fuck battlefield 1 ... 
  it will be a rip off once again .
