  it was the budapest memorandum 1994 , where ukraine pledged to give its nuclear weapons to russia for the recognition of being a sovereign nation . 
  at the same time , russia , uk , usa said that they will defend ukraine 's sovereignty , if another nation attacks them . 
  later on , france and china signed the treaty , too . 
  i guess it was actually worth nothing . 
  that 's also the reason why postcommunist states in europe are scared of a new russian attack and that the west wo n't help . 
  yes yes , dear troll . 
  everyone thinks you are right . 
  just read your other comments , you 're quite toxic . 
  you immediately accuse someone of something ridiculous and even insult . 
  also it seems like you are the one using the communist tactic , at least you are the one with a socialist flag here . 
  you are really provocative . 
  are you a troll ? 
  that 's actually true . 
  it also was a part of their betrayal . 
  somehow it also reminds me of today 's situation about ukraine . 
  still , it would have given them more pressure and the chances were higher for stagnating the war between poland and germany . 
  poland actually was n't steamrolled , like france was , actually poland held out even longer then france did . 
  now you are even saying that i am using communist tactics ... well , i 'm done talking with you , you seem to thick headed to understand . 
  it would stand a chance , especially because of the additional time , the allies had to react to it and the further pressure laying on them . 
  and if you think the `` blitzkrieg '' was a success , uhm it was n't . 
  there were huge amounts of losses for the germans . 
  in the end the invasion would have stagnated . 
  so the chances are higher if only one cruel dictatorship invades one country instead of two . 
  are you seriously nitpicking everything about my comment now ? 
  so the countries in the `` schengen area '' have which type of borders then ? 
  open or closed ? 
  again , the border with austria was closed , and i do n't care if someone immigrated , i 'm pointing this out and which contradicts the said sentence . 
  also i 'm talking about refugees and not immigrants . 
  if it is live it is in some way ok . 
  but these are often edited after that . 
  again , it is completly unreliable . 
  you will only get half the truth . 
  it would be better to extra search for it , maybe you find something ... actually i 'm very certain you will find something , which is far more believable then rt 's garbage . 
  reintroducing border controls is considered closing the border . 
  the last part of my sentence was already a new fact . 
  the closing of the border with austria contradicts `` all refugees are welcome '' . 
  it may be irrelevant , but it never hurts to point it out . 
  many westerners think , that western europe is where the allied zones end , and eastern europe begins where the russians were occupying . 
  you seem to misunderstand my statement . 
  rt should be considered a propaganda outlet , which it is actually known for . 
  if you want real news , then search them yourself . 
  many people forget that , so nothing wrong in that , i 've also never wrote that stupid people should n't vote . 
  they may , but it would be better to educate them . 
  you seem pretty biased and aggressive towards me . 
  for no reason , since i never attacked you . 
  do you actually believe in russian propaganda ? 
  then you are just a fool . 
  no you ca n't be . 
  neutral is n't being objective . 
  russia started this whole war and i 'm watching from the outside and supporting the right side , which is defending itself , ukraine . 
  or how should you be objective , when you clearly see that one side keeps attacking the other and also started this whole mess , but still trying to be neutral ? 
  that 's not possible . 
  so stop writing such garbage . 
  wow , that 's just whitewashing of soviet crimes . 
  under stalin somewhere around 60 million people died , and that from himself . 
  he was actually even worse then hitler . 
  the soviets were actually just like the germans in that time , both of them actually started world war 2 with invading poland in 1939 . 
  if not for the soviets , poland would had a chance in defending itself from germany , but instead the soviet march into poland on the 17th . 
  ah , thanks . 
  now your comment makes sense to me . 
  care to explain ? 
  not really , even putin does n't believes the bullshit rt is spreading . 
  otherwise he would probably completly loose connection with reality . 
  and it is ok to have individual journalists , esspecially if you have several of them , so their opinion will make a smaller impact , except if they are real journalists , then they would n't take their opinion into their articles . 
  the only reason why i sometimes look up something on the rt website , is to be ready to new waves of russian trolls , with what kind ridiculous theories they come up with next . 
  but rt is no serious news outlet , also not to understand any `` viewpoint '' . 
  yes , but if one of them is only spreading hate and is actually attacking an ethnicity as well as actively spreading propaganda it should be actually banned . 
  also many people do the mistake to try to take the middle without actually weighing the information you get and control it . 
  but the worst kind of people are those who think , that neutral means objective , from an objective view , someone must say , that russia is actively destabilizing ukraine and using rt as an propaganda outlet . 
  you ca n't be neutral without being subjective . 
  wait , i thought the cia laid a bomb on an israeli plane , which was on a ukrainian buk launcher on an ukrainian jetfighter , which obviously shot down mh17 according to some absolutely not photoshopped and completly reliable russian satelite pictures . 
  well , you also need to revert the russification . 
  so that would be a first step . 
  what 's about it ? 
  ah so rt is n't the worst outlet ? 
  ah ok , so i guess i always somehow land in their fiction section ? 
  like the `` crucifying '' of a child by ukrainian soldiers or that all ukrainian are german nazis come back to life from the dead and that all russian terrorists spreading terror in ukraine are actual heroes as well as that russia actually `` liberated '' central and eastern europe from germany and in addition to that from their freedom , too ? 
  rt is the most unreliable outlet in the world . 
  it is directly influenced by the kremlin and used as an international propaganda outlet . 
  you ca n't trust it , no matter what they say . 
  also why should the soviets given more credit ? 
  for massmurdering in world war 2 , for which they did n't even compensate for ? 
  they were actually even more cruel then germany in that time . 
  rt is one-sided as hell . 
  no wonder , it is a propaganda outlet . 
  oh no , i would never rely on rt. 
  anything they say is already manipulated . 
  it is pure propaganda and i 'm serious about that . 
  it is not a reliable alternative to bbc . 
  the best thing to do would be to search the news yourself or rely on non-kremlin-financed or even prorussian websites . 
  they are rare , but they can be found . 
  well , if those were spreading propaganda , no wonder . 
  so they had actually to say , `` civil war '' or that these were ukrainians and `` rebels '' fighting . 
  no wonder , nobody needs those who unleash even more unstability and hide the fact that the russian army is operating in ukraine . 
  but this is on the preception , that they actually did that . 
  it also does n't matter if they are from bbc or some other news outlet , journalists can always write some serious bullshit . 
  i would still call it central europe . 
  and who ever is complaining , most are illusionists , who are against the hungarian actions and trying to welcome literally everyone who comes by . 
  the german media as example fuels it even more , by spreading actual propaganda about refugees . 
  often they let out important informations , like that the refugees are the ones who attacked the police , which they change actually in the opposite .
