  already known to me . 
  but it is good to also link it here . 
  the eu is pretty much a mutated economical alliance . 
  so why not return to the roots ? 
  nobody in europe wants a politically united europe . 
  with that i mean , that one can dictate what other countries have to do , so they are pretty much puppet states , just like in the old soviet times , comrade !, 
  too many federalists , too much corruption and too many socialists there . 
  and it is far from being anywhere near `` democratic '' . 
  or more like , the eu should n't interfere with interior affairs . 
  we did n't fought for nothing , we fought for independence , and now it seems , that it gets eaten up by brussels . 
  the ep is n't seen as important in many countries , because it is not part of that country 's government . 
  and a country 's government should determine what to do , not an oppressive regime above it all , where the politicians are corrupt as hell anyways . 
  just look at those sums . 
  i think the republicans are still better then these socialist democrats . 
  but actually i would prefer republicans like reagan . 
  at least he knew what he was doing . 
  so interesting . 
  meanwhile europe is russia . 
  wait , he really is ? 
  how so ? 
  if that is really the case , i guess a new military alliance will be needed to defend europe from the russian threat . 
  edit : no he is not pro-putin . 
  you missed the point . 
  he is one of those neutral guys , who are bad anyways . 
  well , reagan was also an entertainer and he did his job pretty well . 
  preventing a bloody civil war in central europe and stabilizing the american economy . 
  it was pretty wrecked in that time . 
  and he showed the russians , who here is boss and also said exactly that , what the soviet union was . 
  media ? 
  in germany you can only see reports about scandals about him . 
  that 's all . 
  but i also have a rather low opinion of him , since he seems to underestimate some conflicts and not really reliable . 
  but i ca n't say , what i would prefer . 
  another socialist democrat , who just makes things worse and worse or a republican , who i do n't know , what he will do . 
  at least this `` republican '' . 
  why do you vote for him ? 
  why not some other republican , who actually knows what he is doing ? 
  well , if you mean with `` your country '' , the country you identify yourself with it would be poland favourite neighbour : germany i guess least favorite neighbour : russia, 
  except , that the world always advances further and never stays the same . 
  with the veto right the status quo remains , which can hurt a lot for many countries . 
  just look what happens just because of the abuse of the veto power . 
  the polish-lithuanian commonwealth is one example , how something like this can end up horribly . 
  i do n't think so . 
  sure , there will be some ressistance or maybe the un could even become dissolved . 
  but if you do n't remove the veto right , the un will become insignificant , since it only gives power to five countries . 
  also looking into history , the veto power can actually break many things . 
  one example would be the polish-lithuanian commonwealth . 
  i do n't even think it is only france 's idea , but considering that they have also the veto right in the un council , they are pretty much protected from bad influence . 
  and still . 
  the veto right is being abused at the moment , which could lead to an end of the un . 
  a similiar situation happened in the 18th century in poland-lithuania . 
  every member of the sejm was given the veto right , which first worked very well , but at the end of the century some became corrupt and abused their right to veto everything , which lead to a forced status quo , but this status quo was something very bad , since it only promoted even more unrest . 
  this all ended in the partitions of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth . 
  so with abusers in the system , there needs something to be done . 
  i 'm also supportive of the revoking of the veto right , because why not ? 
  it was abused one time too much . 
  well , then i have some other understanding of german . 
  even though i grew up bilingual . 
  next : arabic new official language in germany . 
  / s just a little joke from my side . 
  it is actually something useful this time , what they are doing , since the refugees should know the laws and habits in the country they want to live in and it is understandable , that they wo n't understand everything what is written there . 
  the funniest thing : the iron curtain was built by the ones where the refugees came from to kepp them inside . 
  hungary is doing the opposite , to keep them out ... and you ahve the right to do that , especially since most of those `` refugees '' are from economical nature anyway . 
  still , `` gewalt '' is mostly negative . 
  and you could also conclude that force -  violence `` durchsetzen '' would be more fitting and also more objective of this matter . 
  nah , it seems to me , that the media is just taking it up at the moment and doing some propaganda-like reports about the situation there . 
  at least i hope it will stop in the future or if it wo n't , then they will have to admit it , when their countries become foreign to them ( in an extreme scenario ), 
  oh donald tusk , how you betrayed poland and just used your presidency to get into the eu parliament . 
  you are the one guilty of hypocrisy . 
  and he seems to be delusional of the situation at the border of hungary . 
  these are n't actual refugees , these are mostly migrants to germany or sweden . 
  also hungary has the obligation to verify the refugees and take them in according to eu law . 
  so who is the hypocrite again ? 
  well , maybe it would be possible to defend against russia , but there is one problem . 
  the visegard group has many different opinions on many important subjects . 
  which could delay such an alliance . 
  it was n't always like this . 
  like vertitto already said , poland had a very big range of technical advancements . 
  i do n't even think , that without poland , cars would drive today , since the refinement of oil is a polish invention . 
  but poland also was the first to give women the right to learn on universities . 
  and do n't forget , poland-lithuania was one of the strongest empires in europe , until it was partitioned by the alliance of the three black eagles . 
  and we actually succeeded in defending europe from the ottomans as well as from the communists in 1920 . 
  but because of the western betrayal in world war 2 we have to catch up with the others . 
  had to smile about that . 
  did france flew the white flag again ? 
  well , historically france was one of our biggest allies after the partitions and even pre-ww2 , until the western betrayal happened . 
  today i would say , that the us is a considerable ally , but hungary is the closest one . 
  that 's true . 
  we actually do n't have the military force necessary to keep us and our neighbours save from a threat like russia . 
  that 's why we joined nato , as well as you did . 
  well , the western media is also one problem . 
  it is pretty left-wing and one-sided . 
  especially the demonisation of patriots and the praising for far-lefts . 
  ah , you mean that . 
  well , you ca n't actually call it a failed state , since it actually was n't one . 
  it was self-sufficient , the only thing about that , is that bandits ( communists ) took over the government and murdered even more people . 
  i would n't call it like that , in addition , we fought for our freedom and independence for about 174 years , the 123 years of partition and the 51 years , whereby 6 years was fighting against germans and russians . 
  and the remaining just against russians . 
  so no , i do not support any of those crazy liberal ideas of a `` united states of europe '' it is simply unrealistic and misses the point of countries . 
  it would be able to exist , without oppressing the majority , which would be similiar to the ussr .
