  without our nationalism , our country would n't have survived so long . 
  did n't you ever see a communist penguin from the east ? 
  uhrm , actually it is happening . 
  the germans are indifferent to russia ... 
  which is seen here as being more supportive , if you do nothing about their invasion of ukraine . 
  `` shot down mh17 '' ... 
  uh ... nope . 
  i can fully agree with that mp . 
  the eu needs reforming . 
  but a complete reform , where nothing remains the old way . 
  the best to do would be to transform the eu into an economical alliance again . 
  it was never meant to be a political one , which dictates its members what to do . 
  that was from a parallel universe , where russians are actually protecting other countries , by not invading them . 
   nah , i also saw that somewhere , i think it was vice news . 
  ( i follow the ukrainian conflict very closely ) i guess there were lots of far rights/lefts , who are `` deutsch-russen '' translated : `` german russians '' and try to somehow gather support for their fantasies . 
  still pretty sureal . 
  yeah , seriously , we should all support russia by letting their armies come into our countries . 
  then russia wo n't feel threatened anymore . 
  well , why would they then support russia ? 
  or maybe they are just russian enthusiasts from the stalin era ... who knows . 
  because the lefts are the same as the far-rights ... ( not rightwingers ) ... 
  it is just some form of populism to be always against the us for any reason at all . 
  uh ... in 1994 they were in a war with chechnya , in 2008 with georgia , in 2012 supported syria in 2015 they invaded ukraine a third time . 
  then you never saw some anti-american leftists ... `` die linke '' in d\u00fcsseldorf ... and they were widely accepted . 
  actually nrw is pretty much left-wing , which hurts me a lot , because it is where i live . 
  these propaganda placates they hung out were about `` ukrainian nazis supported by the us '', 
  uhh ... what ? 
  he actually sounds pretty realistic . 
  but the russians are n't actually that bad , but they are on the border of fascism ... also in ww2 germany and the ussr were both equally fascist . 
  or at least equally bad . 
  uhm , if you are talking about the education system , it is everywhere the same . 
  it always goes like this : you may not question the teacher/your superior , you always must comply and follow orders . 
  but if you start to think differently and wo n't do as told , you will have a hard time ... of course , a little bit over the top and so on for reasons . 
  but this is my experience with school , in poland as well as germany . 
  heck , i think it is everywhere in the eu . 
  especially if it is about politics you can get demonized very quickly because of a certain `` correctness '' you need to follow . 
  so now back to your comment . 
  if the education system would be the reason to that , why did n't it happen in western europe as well ? 
  ok , that 's actually a bad question , since in the west there are different values and they propagate for other things ... 
  but it is pretty much the same problem . 
  that 's quite shocking . 
  just wow . 
  well , they did n't . 
  estonia was a free country after 1920 until 1940 , when the russians invaded them again . 
  previously they were also again part of the russian empire , but before that they were contested between sweden , poland-lithuania and russia . 
  but the estonians are the original inhabitants of these lands . 
  until russofication happened . 
  well , that 's normal ... / s that is some serious homophobia there ... ( and i do n't like using that term , since it gets abused far too much , like being called that , if you are against gay marriage ... ( please do n't kill me ) ), 
  being a realist and acting rational , does n't mean that you are without morals . 
  if your morals take over your decision making , then something went wrong , in this case , something went wrong . 
  in germany at least . 
  everything is populism , which disagrees with liberal views , but still gets lots of support . 
  well actually more of a fighting . 
  at least in estonia . 
  we actually have to pay the highest price . 
  also that guy thinks , that the usa wants to ignite a new world war , meanwhile it is russia who is misbehaving . 
  and when you became independent , there was a bloody war in your country , the russian troops did n't want to go . 
  that was 1991, 
  well , i have never heared about bringing something like that to court neither . 
  but it happens in germany , too . 
  but it always gets justified by something . 
  so it is never `` wrongfully '', 
  in germany it happens on a monthly basis . 
  i think you should know that , being from germany . 
  the jugendamt is also pretty bad at its job . 
  and if they are racist , they must be nazis too !, 
  oh right , sorry . 
  although , they are the same to me . 
  yes , since the gdr was a ~ ~ russian ~ ~ soviet puppet state . 
  meanwhile the fgr was the actual german state . 
  not really . 
  it was the reunification of germany after being forcefully divided . 
  there was once some russian who said , that it was an illegal annexation . 
   gdr that basically got annexed and financed by the fdr this just made me laugh . 
  take some lessons in geography . 
  it belonged to the eastern bloc and western countries called it east european out of arrogance . 
  in addition to that , the ddr was very different then most `` east european '' countries . 
  they mostly cooperated with the oppressive government , unlike other countries , who also fell under russian occupation . 
  the true eastern europe is actually beyond poland . 
  you just claimed that . 
  sorry to burst your bubble , but this is just ridiculous . 
  you claim a continent to be the definition of perfection , while you talk of it as it was a country . 
  well , they are still funny . 
  french has to live with its past mistakes . 
  or europe becomes russia . 
  literally . 
  it was meant to . 
  but it was already in 2012 visible that po was just an eu pawn . 
  tusk only wanted to get into the eu parliament . 
  how else should they warm themselves up ? 
  19 days only ... and then kopacz will be wykopana . 
  he did n't built up that deficit . 
  that was done by his predecessor . 
  and the american economy actually went up in his presidency . 
  i do n't understand . 
  were the democrats always socialist ? 
  nope . 
  his views would be too radical for the socialists . 
  and he is a conservative , not a socialist . 
  the parties in the us all moved further left , some of them also left the road and fell into absurdity .
