global warming , and what do you want to do against it ? 
  you can only slow it down , so just let it come and it will go away . 
  that 's the cycle of nature . 
  also the massive immigration has other causes . 
  same thing as dragonji pointed out and it was n't in the 17th century , it was at the end of the 18th century , when the alliance of the three black eagles decided to corrupt the polish government and in the end partition it . 
  and since poland was partitioned and non-existent , it had every right to take back its lands to restore the polish state . 
  unlike russia . 
  it seemed for me , that you had a rather good view on stalin and the ussr , maybe i was wrong thinking that . 
  about what failed state are you talking about ? 
  i 'm supportive of uniting europe , in the means of a common foreign policy , which respects every member 's opinion . 
  so a massive alliance out of sovereign countries . 
  sorry , but the soviets/communists were the ones attacking poland , because they thought they could spread their dirty ideals to western europe , since the communists were on the rise there , too . 
  russia should n't have invaded poland in 1920 . 
  also this was polish land from before the partitions . 
  also do n't forget . 
  we defended europe from communism in that time . 
  nobody was blocking the soviet union , they should 've used a different route or not attacked poland in 1920 at all . 
  stop blaming poland for wrong reasons . 
  also , nice that the ussr started world war 2 with germany . 
  if the ussr would n't had invaded poland in 1939 , then poland had actually pretty good chance against germany . 
  the causalities on the german side were very high . 
  the only thing which would be missing , would be the active participation on an offensive on germany by france and britain . 
  we all should know , what kind of crimes against humanity the ussr did . 
  even after the war . 
  you should know , that it was the soviets who were doing that , not the polish . 
  the polish in eastern poland had to suffer the same fate , some were deported to siberia , some were executed and some deported further west . 
  so stop blaming us . 
  it was your fault , and the fault of the ussr for world war 2 . 
  stalin was n't less cruel then hitler . 
  so no . 
  he just wanted power and in the end he murdered a lot of people as well as forced one of the biggest group of people to move westward . 
  poles were expelled after the war or executed , if they were fighting in the war on american , british or soviet side . 
  so for the polish this was the biggest betrayal , which there had ever been . 
  especially by britain and france . 
  the ussr was as bad as germany . 
  we only got back our lands , which you stole from us in the partitions . 
  also there were more poles then just 5-10 % . 
  cities like lw\u00f3w are from polish origin and there lived a lot of poles . 
  well why should we care about it ? 
  our national interests are above green misconceptions . 
  especially with russia on our doorstep . 
  but everyone knows , it was liechtenstein . 
  well , the biggest problem about germany is , that germany and france have the absolute majority in the eu parliament , which is quite ridiculous . 
  actually someone just pointed out , that the author of this is wrong on the po being somewhere near `` conservative '' . 
  it is actually more of a social democratic party . 
  so it is actually false . 
  quite funny to see , how most of the western models ca n't be applied or are often wrongly applied on poland 's political landscape . 
  oh i forgot , that po is also considered conservative , which is completely false . 
  well , but it is good to see , that finally pis is winning . 
  of course , but i also think , that conservative , a special kind of that , is the best thing for poland . 
  nobody wants to loose the souvereignity of his country , for which his ancestors fought for . 
  i do n't think that socialists or communists get another chance in poland , after what they have done for 45 years . 
  `` west : finland '' had to smile about this one . 
  for some reason i ca n't accept finland as being in western europe , but actually i know that this means the division between free europe and soviet-occupied europe . 
  yes one of those , it was poland , but it was only that eu guy and the current government , which is going to change soon . 
  it did n't reflect the opinion of the majority at all and poland will probably pull itself out of this mess . 
  since i 'm too lazy to write a reply , this guy sums it up pretty well . 
  only thing to add : most of them are probably economical refugees , which should n't be accepted at all . 
  it is n't about somebody being relevant , but just look what lech kaczinsky achieved . 
  because of him there was a lot of attention on the russian invasion of georgia . 
  he gathered almost all central and eastern european leaders to meet in georgia 's capital . 
  so like i said , probably because of that , he appeared on putin 's hitlist . 
  since i 'm living in germany : almost all of the media covers it . 
  you could drown from that . 
  and with cover i mean over-report about it and how evil hungary is for defending its borders as well as blaming every central and eastern european country for something ridiculous , while encouraging even more migrants to come to germany . 
  hypocrisy at its highest level . 
  at least there are some articles which have a more neutral and approachable position . 
  salty over here , but i prefer sweet . 
  yes , but it was only based around premade results . 
  the case is still open and russia wo n't return the blackbox nor the wreck back to poland . 
  even after 4/5 years ... 
  not only the russians did that . 
  also their sympathizers in poland like tusk did a very good job in covering it up . 
  also west europe was against lech kaczinsky , since he was against an intrusive eu . 
  and this is just dumb . 
  this case should be transferred into the icc , but because of tusk we now have this mess . 
  i have a suspicion about , that russia was guilty in downing that airplane , as well as tusk having something to do with that . 
  also do you remember when russian media was talking about `` drunk pilots '' that 's the biggest disgrace i 've ever heard . 
  so why wo n't russia give back that plane wreck , which is polish property ? 
  sorry , but tell me why russia wo n't give the plane wreck nor the blackbox to polish authorities , unless they accept the case as being closed ? 
  there has something to be there . 
  and because of this behaviour of the russian side , it is no wonder , that some , or actually many people think , that it was a succesful assassination . 
  almost the whole polish elite died in that crash . 
  and lech kaczinsky was known for his patriotic stance as well as for the stance against the russian invasion of georgia in 2008 . 
  probably because of that , he appeared on putin 's hitlist . 
  it is still not out of the way , that it could 've been actually an assassination by the russians . 
  especially when the russians do n't want to return the plane wreck , unless the case is closed . 
  did i already told you , that the investigations are still going on ? 
  but they are stagnating because of russia , which is not cooperating . 
  terrorist takedown sorry , had to bring that one up . 
  it is still so bad , that it is actually funny . 
  not implying , that every polish game is rubbish . 
  the opposite is actually true . 
  i just hope , that the eu will fall , or at least germany and france will damage it so much , that it will need to be reformed , that way , the eu can be made eu again , which was actually supposed to be an economical alliance , not a god damn political one . 
  do n't forget , that the eu is n't the us . 
  the eu is n't even a country ( and that should be kept that way ) . 
  so the eu actually has no right to dictate everyone like a socialist state , what everyone should do . 
  in central and eastern europe we had already such a dictatorship , it was called the ussr , which just occupied half of europe , with the help of the western allies ' betrayal . 
  i hope that you keep supporting all of the post-communist states , which suffered enough under socialist dictatorships and not start supporting parties like ukip , which clearly support the crimes done by russia . 
  the polish right-wing party pis actually considered to get out of the group of euro sceptics in the eu-parliament , since they were too supportive of russia .
