  hitler was already imprisoned once for excessive violence , almost like his old partner stalin , who was a known criminal who even robbed a bank once . 
  but hitler 's imprisonment was when he already was part of the german nazi party . 
  later on he was made the head of them and even later he grabbed the leadership of germany , because of some events , which were actually planned . 
  the voters also were pressured to vote the nsdap . 
  oh right , because the germans had exclusive rights for being free , while central and eastern europe had to suffer over 45 years of russian occupation , because you , the british have sold them to the soviets , which were as bad as the german in world war 2 . 
  they are in nato now , and they should be treated like nato members , no matter if it is an escalation or not . 
  and russia is already massing its troops on ukraine , this is the main reason , why there should be permament nato bases behind the old iron curtain . 
  to ensure , that nato will do something and not like in 1939 , just standing behind the border and getting conquered by germany in notime . 
  funny , how you put it . 
  exactly that happened in world war 2 , when the polish people thought , that fighting for the su they will be allowed to return to their country , instead they returned and were executed by the communists . 
  they indeed did . 
  in 1936 , the winter war , where the soviet union marched into finnish lands . 
  that 's also the reason why finland joined the germans in world war 2 . 
  and they were actually one of the more democratic countries in that time . 
  finland is n't neutral . 
  it actually tried to join nato , but since it was fighting along the german against the soviets in ww2 , they were n't allowed into nato . 
  finland is also a very rare case , which shows that germany and the soviet union were both the worst and that you sometimes have to pick sides , esspecially if you were attacked some years ago . 
  neutrality is the worst thing you can do , when your country is on the frontline and has bad relations with a risk of a `` stealth invasion '' with a major regional power . 
  british ? 
  that 's new . 
  in my town there is just a very old ammunition depot from the british . 
  that 's everything . 
  the british soldiers left when the cold war ended , the american only partily left . 
  this is pretty false . 
  in poland the people want nato bases , not german bases . 
  there was even a report , that they would prefer other nato soldiers than german ones . 
  germany is just blocking everything . 
  some even say , that a second molotov-ribbentropf will happen, 
  that is n't a maidan . 
  it was actually from what i 've heared a planned coup de tat by the kgb with support of parts of the soviet military . 
  not a maidan . 
  oh finally a map , which does not steal southwestern azerbaijan . 
  they miss the countries which existed in the baltics from 1918-1939, 
   everyone west bordering them, 
  of course , we like our soviet music . 
  well . . why is russia geographically in syria ? 
  looks pretty dumb . 
  and again , azerbaijan lost its southwestern part again !, 
  why are so many maps doing it wrong ? 
  or did iran just took a part of azerbaijan ? 
  oh i also wonder , why are the russians asking why everyone west bordering them hates them ? 
  just noticed ... used the wrong google, 
  good thing then ... you also did n't have to oppose the red army . 
  has collapsed ? 
  and the soldiers at the fronts : `` what truce ? '', 
  [ it was photographed and investigated ] ( http://ukraineatwar.blogspot.de/2016/03/the-ukrainian-border-according-to.html ), 
  well ... first off you have to divide the european values into as many different values as there are states ( maybe 3-5 less different values ) . 
  then you have to assign them to europe . 
  northern europe for example has value a , central europe value b , eastern europe value c , western europe value d and so on . 
  oh and southwestern europe value e and southeastern europe value f-h i also never argue with `` european values '' . 
  in the end i also believe that most people are just using this as a synonym to their own values . 
  tbh sometimes i even use this myself . 
  in the end there are only `` european basics '' , since every culture will value everything differently . 
  although there are some visible groups . 
  but what are all these anthems and symbols doing here ? 
  it is n't about labour rights ... we have actually shown these soviet commies what the worker 's rights are . 
  missed * these cursive * words ... 
  i do n't care if it was the real thing . 
  it was still a terrible thing . 
  communism . 
  what is this doing here !, 
  seems like it . 
  why not just shoot it down ? 
  it is their own fault if they fly their equipment into someone else 's territory . 
  merkel should absolutely resign , but in the end all parties in germany are pretty much the same . 
  and they all collectively try to push the smaller parties , which are supposed to be `` nazi '' parties out of the election . 
  i actually bet that poland would have acted different on this . 
  we also have no turkish minority or at least it is so tiny that it is irrelevant . 
  i do n't think so . 
  frozen conflict is never a good idea , neither are `` cease-fires '' , which can be violated on demand . 
   if russia wanted to invade they would have done it in summer 2014 . 
  and they did exactly that !, 
  in august 2014 several russian army groups crossed the ukrainian border , while being supported by heavy artillery bombardment . 
  interpretermag.com provides more then enough evidence on this . 
  of course it is . 
  and fighting gradually increased since september 2015 . 
  this war will only stop if either ukraine repells the russian invaders or russia fully invades ukraine ... 
  although the latter one could have very bad consequences . 
  the donetsk and lugansk area are both contested territory . 
  between ukrainian troops and russian troops . 
  that would have been a consequence for supporting the wrong ones . 
  i would prefer to see nuclear weapons completely gone , instead of spreading them even more and making their use far more likely . 
  you do know , that there are several military threats knocking at our doors , do you ? 
  russia for example . 
  and you can only talk with russia with diplomatic and military pressure . 
  if that happens you may as well call europe russia in the next 20 years . 
  no eu army ... just meet that god damn 2 % line and we should be safe . 
  but no , instead you all have to decrease your military spending , while isis is active and russian imperialism emerges again ... an eu federation is the ** worst ** thing which could happen . 
  i will make sure it never happens . 
  we do not need brussels , we also do not need someone else dictating what right and wrong is . 
  a healthy human mind can differentiate between these two . 
  well ... 
  i must say , i did hate him for doing this and following merkel all the time . 
  but now since he is in a position of minor power , where he could influence the decisions ... 
  i would say that he should stay . 
  pis should probably do that . 
  tusk actually does something useful for his country , by also objecting merkel 's treaty with turkey ... 
  although he had no power to stop it ... 
  oh i remember those !, 
  vice news , heh ?
