  in response to this , russia started a fear-mongering campaign in its media . 
  then invading crimea and still occupying it to this day under which most of the original population suffers . 
  then in march 2014 something very similiar to crimea happened . 
  russian special forces occupied several tv and radio broadcasters , blocking all ukrainian media with jammers . 
  they continued to spread that russian propaganda , of `` cannibalistic fascist ukrainians '' even going as far as to say , that there are concentration camps . 
  the `` local rebels '' are only a tiny part of these terrorists . 
  mainly they come from russia , either because they were ordered to do so or because they were so blinded by russian propaganda , that they thought , they fight against the most evil in the world . 
  ukraine has a right to defend its territory and to repell any attackers . 
  this was never a civil war , it is a war between ukraine and russia . 
  of course , `` rebels '' . 
  but they are mostly russian forces , who rotate . 
  everytime the `` rebels '' won a battle , it was mainly due to the russian army being directly involved in it . 
  i would suggest to look around in `` theinterpreter '' . 
  it focuses mainly on russia and the russian invasion of ukraine . 
  there you can get your sources from . 
  saw it myself , that it got hotter there , with more dead people . 
  and it is actually a well known tactic , putin uses . 
  when `` charlie hebdo '' happened , they 've also ramped up their offensive, 
  you know that it was n't the crimeans who occupied crimea , but the russians . 
  yeah , because that always worked out . 
  allying yourself to a thug , who is going make a devil out of you anyways and may even try to backstab you , if you do n't give attention . 
  many people , includjng me , may have something against such a ridiculous alliance, 
  tell that to the ukrainians and the georgians . 
  yep , the russians occupied even more georgian territory, 
  seems actually pretty healthy . 
  die linke is as bad as today 's afd . 
  that may be , because it is n't the old afd anymore . 
  it was hijacked by other people . 
  as someone , who distrusts derspiegel a lot , because of certain things they wrote and how they wrote about it , i 'm actually quite surprised to see a somehow neutral article , without any unnecessary comments . 
  now , the afd . 
  i used to like them . 
  now today i actually `` half '' hate them . 
  why ? 
  because this party has no program and it was actually hijacked by other people . 
  i liked the old afd a lot more . 
  main reason for me to be against them : they support russia 's adventure in ukraine . 
  i do n't know why but this reminds me a lot of `` arbeit macht frei '' , which was a german slogan , most of rhe time written above the entrances of german concentration camps . 
  congratulations to your anniversary of the earning of your well deserved freedom from any occupiers . 
  well , then it seems , that these kind of people feel immediately threatened , when someone 's opinion contradicts theirs . 
  someone needs to point it out and those who feel attacked by that , should n't roam the internet at all . 
  neither am i trolling nor was this sarcasm . 
  it may can be read with a satirical flair , but mostly , this is serious . 
  i have already told you several times why not ( or maybe it was to someone else ) . 
  it does hurt me when they do , it gives me the feeling that this abuse of the word `` marriage '' is highly unmoral . 
  and no , they ca n't have children between them , from them . 
  sending links to random websites wo n't help in this case . 
  i do n't care if these are popular by someone or not . 
  these are my views , i 'm not a populist like some are . 
  no , you re still the one , who does n't understands the meaning of marriage . 
  it is described in our constitucion that a marriage may only appear between a man and a woman . 
  of course you may try to push it , making `` same-sex marriage '' or even incest a non-punishable act . 
  maybe even just remove marriage altogether and even try to marry animals ? 
  there are borders where it ends . 
  so why juat not call it something different , then abusing one of the oldest traditions from us ? 
  well poland was always in central europe, 
  is that so , because that is completly new to me . 
  i 'm very convinced that it is a choice made by those people . 
  it is random , but it happens . 
  thereby they have to live with the consequences of not having marriage and children , because why should they get that ? 
  yes , you are right . 
  i 'm obviously not worried about the decay of our values and sad because of how fast people like you call someone homophobic . 
  actually , comparing it to other highly complicated subjects , discussed in this sub , i could call many people `` nazis '' , when referring to the `` refugee crisis '' . 
  but i 'm not doing that , because it kills off any discussion . 
  and that 's what you are doing right now . 
  why ? 
  because for once , marriage is supposed to be between a man and a woman . 
  secondly , biologically same-sex couples are n't equal to straight couples . 
  i may support that they get something else then `` marriage '' , but without the tax relief . 
  meanwhile i would have nothing against the right to inherit for them . 
  i think it is n't worth my time to discuss such a topic with you . 
  marriahe can provide children , what same-sex can not . 
  and discriminating people is something very different , then what i am doing here . 
  here i am defending my point of view and you completly fail to understand the complexity of this issue . 
  esspecially when you seem to run out of arguments and immidiately start to discredit people , who do n't follow the `` hive-mind '' , you could say . 
  so please tell me , in which comment did i discriminate homosexuals , making me homophobic ? 
  only , what a jerk would post, 
  yesyes , show me as the bad guy , who only wants evil inflicted upon this world , because for some unknown reason , if you have your own values and your own opinion , which differ from those of `` lgbt-rights '' groups , you are automatically a homophobic satanist . 
  alright , i will explain it for ignorants : if against = homophobic then homosexuals , who also oppose this , are supposed to be homophobic . 
  did i made it clear enough for you ? 
  you seem to have completly missed my point . 
  please answer to that first , instead of avoiding this issue . 
  non-fertile couples had no choice and have to be an exception . 
  meanwhile it is about the possibility of having kids . 
  but in your `` samesex '' case , it discredits the meaning of marriage . 
  i guess according to your logic ( that being , that everyone who opposes `` same-sex marriage '' is homophobic ) many homosexuals must hate themselves . 
  dumb black & white thinking . 
  biological , benefit to the community ? 
  just two things , which are very important and are ** the ** reason , why `` same-sex '' marriage is wrong . 
  you know , that nature gave us what we have , right ? 
  we are n't all equal , actually we ca n't be even socially equal . 
  and a marriage is supposed to be a bonding between a man and a woman . 
  this is one core-part of our values . 
  it saddens me to see , this `` equality '' thing . 
  sometimes you can overdo it . 
  same-sex marriage ... 
  still a combination of words which crawls down my spine . 
  are n't these `` civil unions '' enough for you ? 
  edit : alright , i 'm done defending my views to every supposed social-justice-warrior or any other person , who is slightly more intelligent compared to the former in that matter , since many just seem to immediately turn to their big stone-age `` homophobic club '' , when they run out of arguments . 
  not really . 
  there were the germans , italians , austrians , some czechoslovakian and some hungarian and romanians and ukrainians as well .
