  and this is good as it is . 
  additionally , a continent is a continent , it has borders , but only natural ones . 
  countries have borders , too . 
  but these are cultural borders . 
  and also the government has to represent the people and it must do so , independently . 
  the op asked of what the term `` european '' means for everyone . 
  if you say , `` european values '' well , alright , but it is n't right at all , since you are ignoring the fact , that there are other european countries , who do n't follow these . 
  if you say , `` european culture '' like you said it now , it would have been also ok for everyone . 
  but you putted it out , like eastern europe is full of primitives , which are definetly not european ... 
  but they are european . 
  also again , it is about the term `` european '' not `` europe '' . 
  europe is a continent full of european countries . 
  it may be obvious for you , but for me it is certainly obvious . 
  acording to him , eastern europe is on another continent ... 
  so ridiculous . 
  you are really a very arrogant person and ignorant at the same time . 
  `` eastern europe '' is european . 
  otherwise it would n't be eastern europe . 
  the culture is still european . 
  being european does n't require you to do anything . 
  and why does it make lithuania not european ? 
  does lithuania lay in asia or europe ? 
  the culture is europeans , clearly , since its origins are in europe . 
   but they are trying to become european . 
  what do you want to imply with that ? 
  everyone born in europe is european . 
  you are n't made european . 
  and european is a geographical word . 
  not another word for western values . 
  polish is a european culture , russian is european , french is european . 
  it does n't matter how they act . 
  you actually support my bias of all western europeans being arrogant , thinking they are above all . 
  well not all , but i think you know what i mean . 
  also i think , it would look different today , if the west had actually done something against the russian occupation half of europe and did n't betray all its allies in central europe . 
  coming from the continent europe . 
  everyone in europe is a european . 
  it does n't say very much . 
  it is only geographical . 
  so i am a european , too . 
  but i would never say that my nationality is european or my country is europe . 
  my nationality is polish , which is a european nationality and culture . 
  while i see myself as a christian , i would n't say , that i 'm a `` true one '' . 
  i had always doubts about religions , but at the same time , i 'm sure that they are important . 
  especially in bad situations . 
  i only speak for myself . 
  it should be ... 
  but it is n't . 
  most people even think , that taking the middle point of the rt propaganda and the `` western propaganda '' is the best thing to do ... 
  they are soooo wrong . 
  the problem is , that the berlin wall was made to keep people in . 
  meanwhile the fences which are built today are meant to keep illegal immigrants and possible commandos out of a country . 
  so it is n't the same . 
  just open the borders and be open minded . 
  then russia wo n't feel threatened by the evil west . 
  especially effective against kidnappings . 
  you probably mean the new call of doge game , because in russia even the mostvannoying memes are funny, 
  there was never an independent poland in the 1940 's throughout to the 1980 's ... 
  nice that you immediately say that it is a `` fact '' . 
  well , i wo n't just watch how my country gets dragged into mud by some revisionists . 
  especially with the western betrayal and the suffering my ancestors had to endure , due to german and russian terror . 
  please , keep in mind that the german warcrimes in ww2 had an equal impact on jews and the poles . 
  that is why this claim is so ridiculous and is actual historical revisionism . 
  that person who claimed that , could be accused of the denial of the holocaust , since not only jews were targeted and the german-occupied poland had the punishment of death , if you would help the jews . 
  and still , a lot of poles helped them . 
  in addition to that it was a pole , who published the german warcrimes !, 
  otherwise nobody would have ever known what was going on in these concentration camps . 
  that could be actually something , but since these russian fake countries are recognized only by russia , i think that the icc has every right to persecute russia and call for political/economical punishment from other countries if russia refuses to cooperate . 
  the same can be actually said with ukraine ... `` novorossyja ( or how the hell this propaganda word is spelled ) , `` dnr '' and `` lnr '' ... 
  but they can be persecuted for crimes they did in crimea , since it is technically still ukrainian territory occupied by the russian army . 
  or does the icc have to recognize every ridiculous thing russia says ? 
  edit : actually , the russian army invaded georgia even beyond these `` borders '' of those russian ficitional `` states '' . 
  oh finally , just 7 years late ... that 's actually a long time . 
  i guess we will wait , when they start talking about the russian actions in ukraine . 
   oh yes . 
  `` my nation is more worth than yours . '', 
  is an essential part of nationalism . 
  what makes you think that ? 
   no we do n't . 
  thinking that your country and your culture is superior to others is damaging us as humanity . 
  again , what makes you think that ? 
  nationalism does n't necessary means , that `` we are the masterrace and all the other people are inferior '' . 
  that 's nationalsocialistic behaviour , not nationalistic . 
  i actually think you do n't understand the difference between nationalism and nationalsocialism . 
  in addition to that japan was pretty similiar to japan if it is about blaming others for their own problems and being oppressive . 
  but this has still nothing to do with nationalism . 
  oh you ca n't blame nationalism for hatred ... you are wrong , the conquering the countries happens because of greed and hatred . 
  nationalism has nothing to do with these two . 
  also without nationalism , we would be missing an essential part of culture . 
  so stop blaming `` nationalism '' for everything . 
  that what happened in ww2 was because of nationalsocialism and communism , which is very different . 
  the same ridiculous denial like , `` there are no russian soldiers '' and the best thing , that noone can do something about that , because of that veto abusement . 
  this is nationalistic ? 
  in this case , even though i hate gregor gysi and i 'm happy that he is finally gone , i can only agree with him . 
  if you come as a guest to someone 's house . 
  you must follow the owner 's rules or else be thrown out by that said owner . 
  for me it is something required . 
  i would n't say , that we all share a similiar culture . 
  the culture of some is more similiar then the culture of others ... 
  in the end we still base our actions on different values . 
  maybe the western culture became generalized , but the new comers in central and eastern europe remain the same , because we have to .
