  it is n't and you should know better then call everyone `` backwards '' , because you are going backwards to try to `` save '' the climate . 
  why should you care about renewables as long as they ineffective and you 're sitting a huge pile of coal and actually have the technology for filtering the most toxic gases . 
  oh and again : it was a reference to what is happening in the `` refugee crisis '' . 
  so of course you ca n't mix those cultures . 
  but actually , while yes we could form a country , we are far from having the same interests and the territory of that supercountry would still be populated by the same people . 
  and i can agree with him . 
  the only thing `` cycling and vegetarianism '' is actually kinda ridiculous . 
  since when is pis talking about `` evil western powers '' ? 
  that is normally what the russian media does . 
  and pis is absolutely not comparable with putin 's russia . 
  the only thing which is increased is the distrust in our allies as well as germany , since german politicians are also saying much bullshit without knowing how it works . 
  well zdf actually proved something about itself . 
  you know which something ( nye ) meanwhile ard , i may agree , but if it is about pis they only follow the polish public media , which was pro-po til this month . 
  and our media likes to exaggarate a lot . 
  now foreign media should n't do the same , because they are not in the same position . 
  the same level of stupidity and absurdity as someone opening a cultural centre celebrating hitler in a german city . 
  and no , that did not happen . 
  but russians have a history of being in love with their tyrans . 
  very believable . 
  private media goes on as always . 
  only public media gets affected by it and who does n't use the state 's own media to promote yourself ? 
  this whole hysteria is still completely ridiculous . 
  if our country was ever supporting putin , you know that we 've got occupied by russia . 
  so the way you wrote that comment it seems to say the message that `` pis '' supports putin in some way ... it absolutely does n't . 
  it has an even harder approach on russia . 
  you know that private media remains allowed and independent . 
  so if you know that , then you should also know that heads of public media get replaced everytime a new party comes into power . 
  do n't act as if you knew what is going on in my country . 
  you do know , that poland is n't germany and germany is n't poland , right ? 
  our public media is pretty pro-government , actually they are even going into the extreme with that . 
  additionally normal private media wo n't be censored , instead they will exist among each other . 
  so what is the exact problem here ? 
  what are you going to do about the media ? 
  you can only facepalm and shrug your shoulders about most of our media as well as politicians . 
  there are still traces of white-black thinking in there . 
  but this is truly surprising to see such an article and that from spiegel , which is very biased . 
  thank god . 
  the eu seems to be more controlled by corporates and banks then by the actual people . 
  wow , i wonder why you were n't banned for that comment since it goes against the mod 's agenda . 
  i certainly would get banned for posting such 6 months ago . 
  and this is truly sickening . 
  and it reminds me of the polish communist times where it was normal , that something went completely wrong but somehow it still was `` alright '' . 
  just like communism itself , you have to lie that it works and you just know there is something wrong with it . 
  it 's not even about that . . 
  i could also talk about this `` refugee crisis '' , absolutely no context . 
  it is more likely that the most media critizising poland sounds like official russian propaganda . 
  there are so many parallels in there . 
  including calling them `` fascists '' but i say that ignoring what our fm said , he is truly pretty crazy . 
  seems like another normal year in the eu, 
  i 'm slowly becoming annoyed by such articles . 
  ca n't they finally stop their propaganda ? 
  exagarating about everything just to demonise poland as much as possible . 
  thank you leftists for ruining democracy . 
   but pis seems to be a bunch of paranoid fascists . 
  that 's exactly what the media wants to think of them ... and they are quite succesful in demonising them to the ground . 
  they are no fascists , they are not the catholic inquisition and they are not communists ... at least not less communist then po . 
  also pis is only doing reforms fast and trying to secure the state-media for itself ... something which every ruling party does at the start . 
  so in the end they will have the same influence on media as the former ruling party . 
  and the next party will do the same . 
  ( but everyone will be fine with it , since they do n't critisize germany or the eu ), 
  this one for example : http://www.welt.de/politik/deutschland/article150446293/wer-mit-merkel-sympathisiert-muss-spd-waehlen.html well , actually an interview . 
  and actually it was mostly csu politicians . 
  well , i read a lot about some cdu politicians being criticised by your own media for not saying `` refugees welcome '' even depicting them as extremists ... 
  present time is such fun times , is n't it ? 
  it truley is disgusting . 
  the `` iron curtain '' was made to keep people in and spread the red terror . 
  this is supposed to defend the border . 
  also letting this problem happen in the first place was already idiotic enough . 
  or you could just say : the german media is the next level of russia today . 
  aye these downvote brigades . 
  of course it is ridiculous . 
  complete distortion from reality , almost like a certain country further to the east . 
  well , it has a very clear backing in the german media . 
  ( i mean the german german media ), 
  or maybe they are just overreacting and actually spreading fear ? 
  of course ... just repeat yourselves even more . 
  thank you . 
  exactly what i was saying all the time . 
  thanks a lot . 
  some of the reports from such biased newspapers like wyborcza can remind very strongly from the russian propaganda on rt. 
  i did n't say poland should n't defend its allies , i have actually said the opposite . 
  but since i do not expect to see myself in the military , i wo n't literally fight . 
  meanwhile if a country attacks my country , i will give ressistance, 
  reminds me a lot of the polish word for `` battle '' which is also walka . 
  also the polish `` wojna '' ca n't be from the polish `` soldier '' ... 
  i 'm actually interested how it happened . 
  and better not to buy soda . 
  the hussars were active in the 17th century until the downfall of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth in the 18th century . 
  and we actually had developed a tank . 
  the only reason why germany 's `` surprise '' attack was so succesful is , because the allies in the west , france and britain told us to demobilize our armies again . 
  this is also one of the cases where appeasement policy failed miserably . 
  so no , poland was n't really backwards . 
  our economy was comparable to our southern neighbours . 
  except you do n't mean the winged hussars , but instead the cavalry somewhere in a border city . 
  yes , that was actually a german victory but with very many casualities for the german side . 
  actually a whole german tank division was destroyed . 
  but the cavalary may have only `` charged '' at group of soldiers , never at tanks . 
   polish cavalry , as poland didnt have tanks to combat the germans , cavalry charges with sabres were still a thing . 
  you do know we had anti-tank weapons attached to our cavalry ? 
  so that 's actually a stereotype you are talking about .
