  it only became smaller and more interconnected because of the globalization process . 
  but i am very certain that we will never become something like the middle east . 
  done the right way , you could view it optimistically . 
  it will still make a difference and the allies will have a much harder time trying to escape from a war , if we fullfill everything which nato is saying . 
  but the possibility would still remain . 
  still , internationally we need to build up to tell russia , that we wo n't be afraid of them . 
  well , yes . 
  but then you would need to view the whole world as `` only one economy '' . 
  since everything is connected to each other because of globalization . 
  the american housing bubble was mostly because investors bought fonds , which were wrongly labeled as safe . 
  well , they have a coast guard , which actually is n't that active as it should be . 
  and if greece thinks they will just pass on , they were right until the borders were closed . 
  something of which was to be expected . 
  zloty will probably remain as it is for the near future . 
  it is pretty stable , even when international rating agencies rate it down based on politics they do n't like . 
  it only caused a small dent , which recovered fast . 
   corruption in ukraine went down ? 
  you sure have slept the last few weeks as ukraine 's leader just was shown in panama papers to be one of the most corrupt leaders of the world . 
  you have misunderstood something about the panama papers . 
  it was n't about the most corrupt leaders of the world . 
  it was about tax evasion and corruption . 
  please show me , which depicts poroshenko as one of the most corrupt people . 
   and indeed russia has no right to invade ukraine , but on the other hand eu imperialism also has no right to try to stir hate between ukraine and russia . 
  so this means we are agreeing ? 
  or are you trying to blame the eu for the russian invasion of ukraine ? 
  i could also blame india for world war 2 in this case . 
  makes absolutely no sense , but why not ? 
   you are still independent in name only . 
  you are now forced to take in migrants , you are forced to have economic policies you do n't want , and many more things . 
  poland being an inpdenent nation is only in name . 
  eu 's goals are literally to destroy individual countries to create a big eu nation without borders or monetary differences . 
  huh , we are forced to take in migrants ? 
  who said this ? 
  i have yet to find these news that we were actually forced to take those in . 
  and we are forced to take economic policies which we do n't want ? 
  uhm , i guess someone has absolutely no idea what is going on in europe . 
  please inform yourself , thank you . 
   oh please here comes the '' we are not eastern europeans we are wannabe germans '' shit . 
  i dont even understand how some polish people come to the idea that they are western . 
  do you know what dutch people ( ive been to several eu countries ) call you ? 
  funny that you are saying that . 
  i was recently in the netherlands . 
  they only seem to hate germans . 
  when they hear a polish accent that are rather friendly . 
  also who is saying this ? 
  i was never saying something about `` wannabe germans '' , i was n't even saying about germans . 
  i am polish and we have a west-slavic culture . 
  we are as far away from russia as from germany . 
  ca n't your mind comprehend this ? 
  i seriously do n't care what ignorant people think about my country as long as it is n't damaging . 
  and actually yes you could be right . 
  we are more advanced , we are `` centrist '' . 
   russia and soviet are n't the same . 
  they literally have different ideologies , different leaders , different allies . 
  the fact that you think they are the same projects your lack of knowledge and not the reality . 
  putin for example could never have become the leader of the soviet union fyi , . 
  so that means the russian empire was also a different nation ? 
  this also probably means when i change my name , i can no longer be persecuted for crimes i have done under my old identity ? 
   would you say that germany and nazi germany are also different ? 
  that nazis were n't german ? 
  your bias against your own slavic people is immense . 
  what soviets did to you , germans did too but 10 times worser . 
  yet you call yourself '' westerner '' but refuse the factual bonds with russians . 
  you would like to think that . 
  had actually to smile about this bit . 
  no , wrong . 
  what the soviets did to us was as bad as what the germans did to us . 
  we see both as enemies , the end . 
  but actually the germans apologized , the soviets/russians never did and even glorify their crimes . 
  oh and no i would n't say that . 
  but you would probably say that `` nazi germany '' is something completely different then `` germany '' or the german empire . 
  actually you must be really ignorant to think , that the common pole wants to have ** anything ** to do with russia politically . 
   they are n't dude , lol . 
  who are you kidding ? 
  polish people are eastern european and have historically had other relations than , for example , french people have . 
  if you think a british person is going to see you as his brother , he 's not . 
  there is already an immense pressure from western population to help for eastern european countries . 
  wow your ignorance is strong . 
  polish people are central european and yes we had different relations . 
  for example very bad ones with prussians and russians and turks . 
  very good ones with lithuanians/rithuanians . 
  who the hell is talking about seeing someone else `` as a brother '' ? 
  what the hell ? 
   question , do your opinions reflect the average polish person ? 
  because if so i can only sympathize with russians more as i see how you are the one hostile to russia . 
  in fact what you are displaying is a form of racism , as you believe russia can never be beneficial to poland . 
  this makes absolutely no sense . 
  please take off your ignorance or stop trolling . 
  you are putting words into my mouth . 
  just what the hell ... how ignorant can a person be ? 
  there is a minimum amount you should spend inside being inside nato . 
  i do n't see what is wrong about that . 
  and we ca n't rely on our allies . 
  also the last sentence was about an enemy equal to us . 
  if russia is going to attack , we will still fight . 
  lower chance of confrontation , higher cost for the enemy , possibly with the right tactics even decimating the enemy . 
  why are you against military spending ? 
  better equipment . 
  better morale . 
  a stronger military .
