  the german media is n't controlled . 
  but there are almost only leftwing medias , which always follow the same rules of `` political correctness '' ... and i 'm sick of that . 
  i can only agree with you . 
  they are fairly biased on the situation in ukraine , especially spiegel is . 
  too pro-russian or pseudoneutral . 
  and the reporting about rightists is also fairly biased . 
  mostly they talk about rightist extremists ( which often are not that ) , while left extremists are called `` autonom '' . 
  also this reminds me of a french biased newsside . 
  euronews , their reporting on the independence march in poland is very biased . 
  so then you should know , what nuclear plants produce and we still have no solution for that . 
  you must be pretty narrow minded . 
  after 1989 solidarnosc became a political party with its own representitives . 
  before that it was a trade union . 
  well , but the thing which topped everything was the conference in teheran , of which france actually was no part of . 
  that conference let poland end up in russian hands . 
  you also have to apologize for nothing , since i do n't think you were the one who was partly responsible for then . 
  but again , even a smaller attack would have been enough to break germany , since the majority of its army was concentrated around poland at that time . 
  but there is no solution to the nuclear waste , where to dispose of it . 
  that 's just nitpicking . 
   or how would you react to a bnp victory in the uk or a npd victory in germany ? 
  wow , just wow . 
  this comparison is further away from reality then russian articles about ukraine !, 
  also pis is a major party , which follows the foot-steps of solidranosc . 
  you know , that party which sparked the downfall of communism . 
  you are very ignorant . 
  pis is nowhere near being religious . 
  nobody will be forced to accept the `` true faith '' . 
  we are no catholic extremists . 
  i guess you are just upset , because the gays wo n't get the same rights in marriage as normal people . 
  and i support that . 
   duda just vetoed co2 targets . 
  i do n't see the relevance to this . 
  to the second thing , for it seems common , that the two parties just attack each other verbally . 
  at least they do so in a civilized way . 
  social democratic ? 
  i would call pis right-wing conservative . 
  and i 'm happy that they won , because po just dug itself into a hole , which became deeper and deeper with each action they did . 
  why should it be our problem ? 
  yay for double-standards . 
  oh i mean `` tolerance '' towards minorities . 
  this is so laughable and sad at the same time . 
  actually , considering the massive amount of crazy conspiracies in russian media , like claims that the americans never landed on the moon , they could try to claim that they were the first ones on the moon . 
  nobody knows how absurd it can get . 
  they will paint it red and claim that there are local defense forces who bought their weapons in grocery stores , if someone else decides to also land there . 
  let 's hope they all fly to the moon . 
  then we will have at least a little bit peace here . 
  also there was an old joke in the communism times : master , the russians went into space !, 
  all of them ? 
  then do n't bother me . 
  hrm ... 
  i would prefer to not radiate our country . 
  so coal is very reliable in this case , nuclear power ca n't be controlled , once it is out of control and the consequences are very bad . 
  calling it unefficient is a pretty biased way to talk about it . 
  it is very efficient . 
  more efficient then importing expensive russian gas and even being reliant on russia . 
  it 's better to use your own ressources . 
  we do n't care about climate change . 
  austria officially worst country on earth 2015 . 
  maybe , but you promised help . 
  especially britain did and continued to say that `` help is on its way '' , although it never came . 
  instead the soviets came from the east . 
  i only know , that innitially there was that veto right law in poland-lithuania in the early 18th century . 
  it worked first but then many politicians became corrupted , actually only one memeber of the sejm was enough to stop everything and making the government powerless . 
  also , please give me the source of that claim . 
  i have found nothing while searching . 
  the only thing i found was that russia just invaded the commonwealth from the east and we were fighting . 
  after being defeated some years later we were invaded again , but many refused to fight , which sparked a civil war . 
  in the end it was the fault of a huge mistake , the veto right . 
  he seems to be an old commie . 
  do you feel offended by that or why are you starting to insult me ? 
  literature wo n't tell you anything . 
  in this case you have to look up scientific documents , but such investigations on social issues are very unreliable . 
  they always were . 
  again , for me it is a man and a woman , who can enter a marriage . 
  no exceptions . 
  so no same-sex marriage . 
  why should you get benefits , while you ca n't provide the thing , which a normal marriage could ? 
  i seriously do n't care if someone is homosexual , but i do care if they go too far with generalizing literally everything . 
  that makes the same sense as appointing someone mentally disabled as a professor in an university , because `` equality '' . 
  that 's so true . 
  thank you for this comment . 
  i seriously do n't understand how far you can be from reality . 
  i would have understood it , when ukraine laid somewhere in asia , not bordering any european nation ( except russia ) ... 
  although even when i would be concerned , because russia . 
  they share a border with us . 
  but it is indeed extremely annoying to see such ignorant people , who think , that it does n't have any impact on them . 
  you were able to succesfully attack germany from the west along with britain . 
  germany would have ended up in a two front war and they would loose . 
  instead you waited out for over 1 month until the germans came to paris . 
  small edit : but i have to say , the us was n't much better back then . 
  but today france is unreliable , since they follow the same interests in russia as germany does and the uk does n't care as usual . 
  it 's so nice and blue . 
   homosexuality was widely practised and accepted by the ancient celts that 's not the topic . 
  and maybe they were performed in medieval ireland , but for me it is clear . 
  it breaks my values and it goes too far . 
  the first thing you stated , i ca n't answer that . 
  yes , that 's true . 
  france was our closest ally ... until world war 2 . 
  that 's where the betrayal happened , from you as well as the brits . 
  actual help was promised , we got nothing , except some tiny supplies in 1944 , which ended up in the wrong hands anyways .
