   it would be devolution , not a reform . 
  what eu needs , is less power to the countries , and more to brussels oh god , this would be a devolution and a nightmare . 
  it wo n't be possible , because the mentality of the people , especially between the postcommunist bloc and western europe ( which never really experienced that kind of oppression ) would cause inner tension and conflicts , which would result in a complete failure of the eu . 
  so no , just no . 
  also i can differentiate between what is just blaming brussels and what is actually brussels fault . 
  the migrant crisis was the latter one . 
  so , no thanks . 
  that may be your problem for the creation of your utopia ( which will fail anyways ) , my problem with this is , that the eu is acting like they are above all countries . 
  no , they are actually even below all countries . 
  also in the end the interests of western europe will be enforced , but ours will be ignored ( or be even sold at the most convenient moment ) , so no thanks . 
  i tried to explain why i consider them traitors . 
  they get foreign support , which is alright . 
  but they are demanding more foreign support , which i believe is against your own country . 
  wonderful article . 
  it lists you one of the major issues with the eu . 
  how it tries to interfere with internal affairs , which do not affect any other country , taking away our hard-fought sovereignty and freedom . 
  and actually thinking about this . 
  this is a legitimate reason to leave the eu . 
  although it actually is more likely that the eu is mostly influenced by germany . 
  just look at what the german media is writing about poland . 
  as if we had the next hitler and are already preparing for war against islam , i guess ... or we are now a theocracy because pis is extremely religious . 
  it just gets ridiculous after some time hearing and reading all of this , while the eu actively advances its agenda by supporting groups like kod , which are pretty much traitors for actively requesting foreign support . 
  keep the god damn political shitfight at a national level . 
  can you please tell me , why you have recieved the marshall plan then ? 
  you did n't even participate in world war 2 . 
  also , we are n't whores , these are funds for further developing infrastructure . 
  you should n't call pis ukip ... pis is against leaving the eu , but it support a complete reform of the eu , giving more power to the countries , on which i absolutely agree . 
  btw , the po also gets called `` liberal '' by the german media ... 
  although on an international scale , they are indeed centre-right , but !, 
  in poland you have different versions of conservatism , where po is pretty much on the left side looking at the average `` direction '' . 
  they literally are the next hitler , am i right ? 
  so the author says , that we should n't intimidate russia with our military as an additional diplomatic pressure for them to get out of ukraine and stop invading their neighbours after all ? 
  appeasement , yay !, 
  we all know it , we all love it !, 
  ( 1930-1989 ) btw , i get it , that he tries to say to be more `` careful '' . 
  but how careful are you supposed to be when your neighbour is drunk and is going on a rampage ? 
  well , german media . 
  that 's why i absolutely do not trust them . 
  a sad fact is , that many actually believe everything they write . 
   play a round of bf4 and you know what i mean uhm ... 
  what !? 
  you do know , that bf4 is completely unrealistic and additionally , only specialized anti tank squads can defend themselves from armor , a normal weapons squad could do it too i believe . 
  but actually , do you believe that c4 can destroy tanks ? 
  or a sniper doing 360 noscopes in close combat makes any sense ? 
  or huge markers indicate where your enemy is ? 
  list goes on . 
  we do n't have super precise artillery nor mortars . 
  we do have laser guided shells , but these are only for artillery , still no mortars . 
  they are mostly unguided and thus very inaccurate . 
  calling them centimeters exact is literally idiotic . 
  light tanks are made for fast responses , and they are very effective in open field combat , even in suburban areas . 
  close combat units do not exist in the military , except maybe for flamethrowers . 
  although i believe the geneva convention banned them . 
  infantry in a city , yes . 
  but also in the field , in suburban areas in forests ... what you have just said makes absolutely no sense . 
  today 's infranty weapons have a 1km effective range . 
  not all tanks have thermal vision . 
  and there is also anti-thermal clothing for infantry , which makes them invisible on thermal vision . 
  also it is pretty bad to use in battle , because you wo n't be able to spot vehicles , which have turned their engine off . 
  again , anti-thermal clothing and attack helicopters require an airspace , which is safe . 
  they can be easily shot down and are actually a `` direct counter '' , if one can say it like it , to tanks . 
  again , you forget about aa weapons . 
  so that 's why the ak-47 is still being used and even a shot from a k98 is still lethal . 
  soviet tanks , you mean the t-55 ? 
  the t-55 for example were so modernized , they could take on a modern light tank with ease , especially if they have atgms . 
  and `` rocket defense '' systems are n't required . 
  also the accuracy of them is of questionable nature . 
  the t-14 could still be easily taken out by a rpg-7 . 
  aircraft carriers do n't matter if the fight is happening on the land . 
  you are seriously misinformed on pretty much everything when it is about the military . 
  also , if i told him something wrong , please correct me . 
  spilled vodka . 
  and let 's call this new supercountry : `` the soviet union '' of course , we also include russia in this . 
  phhh ... no reawakening of europe is needed . 
  what is needed is reforms . 
  reforms which give more power to the state instead of the eu . 
  especially if it is about internal affairs , the eu should n't interfere . 
  and nationalism did n't cause this . 
  nationalism is here to preserve our countries and our culture . 
  the only thing it did was to prevent even more eu interference into internal affairs . 
  nice , only west european countries . 
  everyone supporting notrussia is executed for treason . 
  the entenete 's proposals were pretty bad . 
  and as you can see , they are pretty bad at preventing wars . 
  ( see the plans for a `` per-emptive '' strike upon germany in 1933 ), 
  wow ... and the evidence exists for this , see the parade with germans and russians . 
  i guess back into old communist times ? 
  glorious russia varry stronk agains evil nazi amirican pigdog . 
  putin can fly over pig to punchbag . 
  i guess trusting german media is a bad thing ... 
  according to the us , it does n't ... at least it does n't perform better then the f-15, 
  russia is a danger . 
  dangers are different from interests . 
  maybe because there would be huge minorities ... 
  especially people who value their national identity and their national sovereignty their ancestors fought for . 
  and for whose interests will the government be ? 
  which is why there will be tension and calls for restoring status quo . 
  how are you going to legitimize such a government ? 
  no , just lay the facts straight . 
  every european nation is pursuing its own interests ... and there are major divides in many issues .
