  also if putin would n't care about the cost , he would have just invaded ukraine instead of `` secretly '' invading it . 
  you mean every country adopting the euro and having only one economy ? 
  never . 
  too much hard-fought freedom to give up . 
  there had been already tensions for a longer time . 
  it still means that russia has no right to invade ukraine and it is all russia 's fault in this case . 
  and the corruption in ukraine actually went down . 
  even if it was n't by much but it did go down !, 
  also sadly , if you are bordering russia you are required to seek allies . 
  we are still independent . 
  we are n't agreeing upon the bullshit the eu is telling us to ... we are also following our own interests like every other country . 
  also please do n't compare us to russia . 
  seriously just do n't . 
  they are as far from us as the germans are culturally . 
  i see poland as poland . 
  a peaceful central european nation . 
  it is a west-slavic country and it `` fits '' more into the western world ... or at least to the us then it fits to russia . 
  we have very similiar values . 
  russia on the other hand ... let 's not talk about it . 
   but i know that russia and soviet union are too different entities that 's a very common mistake . 
  they are the same . 
  although their political systems differ , they are still the same . 
  may i tell you that putin is a former kgb agent . 
  and do you know that the kgb was the follower of the nkvd ? 
  also do n't forget how they are glorifying their time as the soviet union . 
  oh and actually , if you say that the soviet union is something different then russia ... well , then it means that russia is only about 25 years old and the russian empire was also something different then russia . 
  you still seem to not understand what the causes of those hostile relationships are . 
  you also fail to understand that poland 's cultural values are pretty much western values . 
  this has nothing to do with some `` complex '' . 
  also the only stable relation with russia you are going to have is if you declare yourself a satelite state again . 
  no thanks for that . 
  almost every nation bordering russia is fed up with them . 
  where did i ever say , that `` hurr durr , the white race is being killed '' ? 
  but you are n't better then those people neither . 
  ridiculing people without reason . 
  did i somehow hurt your feelings with this ? 
  i guess we were also responsible for germany attacking us in 1939 , right ? 
  sorry , but ukraine is independent , just like poland . 
  you should n't think with spheres of influences . 
  the russians may think like it , but thinking wo n't make it a reality . 
  i guess you would also had supported another 30 years of soviet terror in central europe . 
  yatseniuk leaving is not really the best thing . 
  he seemed to actually work for ukraine and not for the profit he can squeeze out of ukraine , what i suspect poroshenko of doing it . 
  then please refer to western europe . 
  although i am confident , that it started in the us . 
  looking at how developed it is contrary to the european countries . 
  it certainly is a thing , which you do n't want to have . 
  but actually it may have been already imported . 
  said it a little out of context . 
  that tiny part was about russia . 
  yes exactly . 
  it is n't like one of our neighbours is being attacked . 
  what ? 
  why ? 
  this is about europe not about the eu . 
  i would n't wonder if a country would like to leave this corrupt system . 
  * i wonder why *, 
  ah a good thing , that the main influx could be finally stopped just after reason took over . 
  although the leftist madness is still not over . 
  the migrants are now mostly using water routes . 
  a stronger message needs to be sent . 
  as i said earlier . 
  do it like australia does it . 
  let the coast patrol patrol and if an unidentified ship is coming , which probably is full of illegal migrants , then just block their route and try to divert them and actually tell them : `` no we wo n't help you '' . 
  if you open your arms , of course everyone will use it and try to get everything you offer them . 
  but this mentality is unknown to naive westerners . 
  uniting europe ... 
  sorry , i am still feeling certain that it wo n't happen . 
  i will be obviously against it . 
  and this is very optimistic , even a `` united states of europe '' ( cringe ) will corrupt itself eventually . 
  no matter how well thought out it is . 
  i prefer having independent countries doing their own thing . 
  the eu is merely something on the international level and it should be not allowed to interfere into internal affairs of a country . 
  i would n't to see my country being ruled by a bureaucrat who has only money in his mind . 
  i believe that in those next 10 years with a resurgent russia , a very weak west and a massive influx of migrants it will be a hell of a ride . 
  terrorism will probably gradually increase , the possibility of nato dissolving gets higher and higher . 
  the eu could possibly split apart , if it continues to do the same thing as it is , or it could finally be an institution which wo n't intefere with a country 's internal politics . 
  if the west remains inactive internationally and appeasing to everyone slightly pushing it , then ukraine will still sit on the edge or be even involved in a major war with russia . 
  turkey may win strategic value and the western european countries will continue their descend and removing their military , because of leftists coming into power . 
  the mass migration will continue . 
  a massive amount of uneducated people will continue to flood certain countries and abuse their beneficiary systems . 
  because of that i am certain that the `` braindrain '' will increase dramatically . 
  either to the us or to central europe . 
  possibility of nuclear war will also return ... as if it did n't already . 
  possibly the `` victim culture '' which is present in the us and in the uk could be imported into europe , if it was n't already and it could come even worse , that it reaches politics , which will see a return of `` moral police '' and censorship . 
  this time you are allowed to criticize the government , but not certain groups of people . 
  so yeah ... * very optimistic about this * thank you liberals , socialists and communists . 
  at least in poland we do n't lack the knowledge of communism ( which was also fascist btw ) and fascism , since we were occupied by both . 
  i only expected worse things to happen . 
  not exactly the worst . 
  but well , the chance of disappointment is at least very low with views like these . 
  my nightmare, 
   eu not a country . 
  yes yes , i know , there was n't enough data . 
  but i had the urge to point that out . 
  i am actually fairly certain that most people view that event as something from the romanians , not roma . 
  i am also not a german , but i live in germany . 
  so i see the exact . 
  thatguy was talking about . 
  actually one of my german friends told me that exact thing .
