  alright , what else is there a phobia of ? 
  what would you call a phobia about phobias ? 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/poland/12051752/eu-parliament-head-refuses-to-apologise-over-coup-comment-after-polish-pm-request.html just took the first one i saw . 
  schulz lost his credibility anyways , because of certain statements ... 
  that bit about 1986 was just a joke , hence the 143 % ... 
  it was a pseudo democracy brought to you by lovely communism . 
  you obviously did n't spot the sarcasm there . 
  and the question was a rhetorical one . 
  please inform yourself . 
  just like in our old days right ? 
  muslims were n't able to go into the polish-lithuanian kingdom , because they would be immediately crucified and do you also remember the religious wars ? 
  well i do n't . 
  it is right . 
  19 ukrainian servicemen killed . 
  not `` 19 ukrainian servicemen killed ducks '', 
  yeah , because christianity , polish catholicism especially is the same as arabic islamism ... 
  probably support for armenia , while demanding unacceptable terms for peace of azerbaijan . 
  or he will let the eu handle it ... 
  they are very good at it , look at ukraine . 
  these cease-fires * always work * . 
  i do n't read belgian . 
  an arms length ... 
  i still love this hilarity ... 
  but it is actually pretty sad at the same time ... 
  what is actually wrong with you ? 
  what ? 
  how are you supposed to drive from scotland to vilnius ? 
  also without actually passing a country , which is governed by the right ... 
  the only possible way would be via the baltic sea or across estonia and latvia ... 
  but only via sea . 
  in poland we have pretty much only right parties ... 
  yes po is also poltically centre-right ... we had enough with those centre-lefts , and also those centre-lefts who pretended to be centre-right also why is poland greyed out in the 1986 stat ? 
  it should 99 % or maybe 143 % ? 
  i am certain that party was left and more then `` everyone '' was supporting them . 
  oh and in addition to this : the middleground is n't always right ... 
  even most of the time it is wrong !, 
  and that was something which was not doable in that situation . 
  the soviets would n't had attacked alone , but they attacked with germany . 
  well , about that , i am not sure , but i believe he saw that as a declaration of war by the bolsheviks . 
  and additionally the 2nd republic of poland was only existing for about 2 years , there were 123 years between the first and the second republic , where poland was erased from the maps . 
  so naturally , one was much more protective of one 's independence and souvereignty . 
  uhm , how are you supposed to fight a war with two fronts ? 
  in addition to that our supposed `` allies '' the brits urged us to demobilize our military , because `` it made the germans angry '' and our pre-emptive mobilization only made it worse ... 
  so actually poland went ahead and partially demobilized their army . 
  and then the 1st september 1939 happened . 
  first it looked very bad , but later on the german offensive slowly stagnated , meanwhile the brits and the french declared war , but did absolutely nothing against germany until they were actually attacked . 
  and that was when our `` allies '' reassured us , that help will arrive within 1 month . 
  oh and back to the german invasion , on the 17th september 1939 the soviets started to advance into polish territory to the east and a two-front war was pretty much hopeless . 
  i am not sure what would have happened if the soviets did n't ally themselves with germany , but certainly the germans would have a much harder time ... 
  sorry for this wall of text . 
  and he went further with his troop , into polish territory to join up forces with the communists in western europe and also in germany ... 
  they were on the rise , we prevented them from actually going into power . 
  well , let 's do it together ... 
  i 'm also fed up again , so poland should secede , too . 
  a little bit weird , that they took radical nationalists instead of radical aggressive turks . 
  imo it would be far more applyable . 
  apparently this is warmongering and russophobia ... 
  wow , i could only dream of that . 
  nor really ... first off , lenin never declared war , neither did pilsudski . 
  but lenin was the first to attack poland . 
  he thought that the reemerged poland was weak and was easy to conquer , he was wrong . 
  now i am confused ... is this serious or not ? 
  wow , those czechs are really xenophobic and are just behaving like nazis . 
  lenin attacked and actually planned to take over europe . 
  we stopped them . 
  wat ... hey get away from my w\u00f3dka, 
  if you are pissing on yourself , then please continue . 
  i would n't be proud of such a. . . thing . 
  that 's how the russian mafia works . 
  i hope they are more `` centren '' then `` western '' . 
  the west has pretty much shot itself and keeps doing it , unable to learn from mistakes ... at least if it is about conflicts . 
  i 'm sorry , but who the hell blames himself or his own people for this terrorism ? 
  it makes absolutely no sense , it is as if you would say , that the bully is the victim and the victim the bully . 
  and that is just ridiculous !, 
  they wanted to come here , most people voted for our politicians who let them in for free and are actually breaking their own laws by doing this ... 
  poverty wo n't go away , if a massive influx of migrants , also called by the dumb left media `` refugee '' , thereby destroying the meaning of what a refugee is , comes into a country and thinks , that they will get free money and free stuff ... 
  i guess this is nothing for rationalists ... 
  yes , there are many . 
  first off , she is a pow , kidnapped by the supposed `` seperatists '' who drove her into russia . 
  there she was handed over to the russian authorities . 
  you may as well research a little bit and you will get to the same conclusion ... 
  but please do not use sources of russian origin , since most of it is propaganda . 
  actually this made me curious ? 
  do they still praise graham philips ? 
  that clown who worked for rt and calls himself a `` journalist '' while being detained by latvian police for open provocation ? 
  i would still support a complete embargo upon russia for attacking ukraine . 
  now is the question , what will be the reaction to this ? 
  would n't this be another act of war by russia , since they kidnapped an ukrainian citizen from ukraine and are now holding her against her will ? 
  there is no capital of europe ... maybe of the eu , but not europe . 
  well , what does the article say ? 
  i thought you are required to provide a translation if it is not english . 
  i guess , that is what happens when you somehow missed one of the crucial aspects of learning : `` learning from mistakes '', 
  and then it will end up just like the mainland somalia ... good luck with that . 
  well , there should still be the possibility to just deport them out from your country , which could cause a chainreaction , where the country , you have dumped them into , will deport them , too , until they arrive somewhere in nowhere ... 
  why should he be under fire ? 
  the russians are saying such things every day , besides calling everyone who opposes them `` fascist '' , which is equally idiotic . 
  additionally this is a report by rt , so unless there are actual sources on this , you wo n't know . 
  definetly supporting the tusk plan , if i had to choose between these twos , since tusk has at least some form of common sense , when thinking about consequences of such massive demographic changes . 
  and that comes from a person who actually hates tusk . 
  at least he does something and actually coupled loose from merkel , unlike when he was pm ...
