  and while reporting they show the saddest pictures about the refugees . 
  even though the most important thing is probably , that most of them are n't the refugees most people like to think about . 
  most of them are probably economical migrants . 
  which also describes why they are so selective and aggressive . 
  a real refugee would be happy about just being alive and safe and having any standard of living . 
  there has also been a huge amount of hypocrisy from the german side . 
  `` all refugees are welcome '' , meanwhile they close their borders with austria and continue to demonize hungary . 
  i think its just leftist populism in the medias right now . 
  since most of the media is dominated by socialists . 
  just dumb . 
  i think if they should break through , hungary will use force . 
  if lethal or not , i do n't know , but there needs some hard message being sent there , that no country will allow this ( except maybe germany ) and yes , they may enter hungary if they let themselves being registered and so on . 
  that 's why the most of these are just primitives . 
  so ridiculous . 
  for this misbehaviour , they should n't be even treated like refugees and not be let into hungary , because why should they ? 
  they already demonstrated their primitivity . 
  it was a fake number , set up by russia to show how `` good '' and `` humanitarian '' they are , esspecially with their `` humanitarian aid '' . 
  and this number reflects , according to russian medias , that 600k fled to russia . 
  again , it is far lower . 
  more people are actually internally displaced , or fled to other countries . 
  will putin otherwise start to bomb the country with assad ? 
  or just send even more of his `` little green men '' , maybe even as refugees to europe ? 
  invisible because the media does n't cover them . 
  also it is already proved , that this number of 600k is highly inflated by russian propaganda . 
  the real number is far less . 
  also it seems like you need a geography lesson , do n't they teach it at school ? 
  poland borders ukraine . 
  and i 'm sorry if it looked like i 'm generalizing , but this is what the german government did recently . 
  that all refugees are welcome , well they may be , but the european countries are n't obligated to take them in and in addition to that , they all want to germany , because of merkel 's speeches . 
  and esspecially when they are rioting , it does n't seem like they are fleeing from war , but just want to uphold their standards . 
  weird , once i saw a statistic about corruption from 2007 , where most european countries were even less corrupt then germany . 
  i seriously do n't know what to think about this . 
  it is quite insulting , but at the same time it actually reflects reality and is quite funny . 
  oh i actually remember that . 
  it is actually some other political topic , that the german media was so biased towards the far-rights , that they actually did n't even addressed the crimes of the salafists . 
  well , that 's actually a good thing . 
  still , why the hell does the german media demonise hungary so much ? 
  esspecially when germany is actually encouraging even more refugees to come to germany and then suddenly they close their borders . 
  that 's actual hypocrisy at its finest . 
  hungary does most things right , you should n't treat refugees like tourists , they should be treated like refugees , supplied with water and food and those who break the law should be punished . 
  which is also quite ridiculous is the declining of supplies by the refugees themselves . 
  i do n't think that they are actual refugees from the war in syria and iraq , but just economic refugees who thought it would be a good idea to come to germany , since the standard of living is higher there . 
  wow , this is very accurate , but not completly :  `` you 're on the right and collective quadrant of the political compass !, 
  you believe in a strong military , an efficient government to intervene when necessary , low taxes and a free market economy . 
  you value tradition , hardwork , and you tend to respect religious authority . 
  you 're patriotic and sceptical of people looking for a hand out . 
  you believe in government institutions and you have a strong sense of belonging to those with the same nationality as you . 
  you believe in individual freedoms , but you also take into account tradition and social order . 
  anarchy and communism are your worst nightmares !, 
  ronald reagan is most likely one of your personal heroes !, 
  what do you think ? 
  is this accurate ? '', 
  the leopard 2a5s were sold in 2014 , they also could have been seen on the polish army day in 2014 . 
  and you could be right . 
  but still , the americans have knowledge how to supply their oversea bases and it seems to run into no problems . 
  i do n't think , that here in germany , they are aware of that fact . 
  they would have supported the polish cause , if they remembered the cold war , but it seems like they are like all the other western countries , not caring until they get attacked or threatened . 
  so i 'm not sure if poland gets attacked , the germans will help , even surveys show a very low support of article 5 . 
  there are just too many leftists who support russia or at least try to be in some way `` neutral '' , but obviously not objective . 
  and actually , the nato bases ensure the following of article 5 , because noone likes to see , how the soldiers of his country get murdered without any retaliation nor support . 
  i do n't think so , but the polish army has german leopard 2 tanks . 
  they have bought them from germany and spare parts should n't be such an issue . 
  why would that make sense ? 
  the supply lines would be very short anyways , because poland will supply these bases . 
  do you really think , that someone cares about russia ? 
  and actually the neighbours of russia have the right to ask after nato bases in there countries , esspecially after russia invaded ukraine ... twice . 
  woops , well i treated your post just like a normal post . 
  thanks for the support . 
  finland is a member of the eu , so they are actually somehow safe . 
  esspecially with their huge reservist army . 
  i also think , that every russian neighbour has developed tactics to counter these russian `` local defense forces '', 
  they are doing that , because they have to ensure , that the baltic nations , poland , hungary and romania wo n't feel let alone and to give as small room for a russian attack as possible . 
  the rotational forces are actually just a temporary solution . 
  until they are allowed to put bases in poland and the baltics , which are badly needed there . 
  but germany is actually blocking it . 
  the us instead actually is more supportive , or at least the american senate . 
  and there is nothing to consider , if there is a `` no '' from one of the countries , which actually controls the eu with france ( which is far worse , but something else ) it does n't make sense to take care of russia . 
  poland is n't a russian satelite anymore , we have fought for our freedom like noone else did . 
  the germans , british , french never had to fight for their freedom , or at least just a little bit , but they had support . 
  poland and the baltics actually had to fight their way out of soviet occupation alone , without any foreign support at all . 
  i actually hope that nato bases will be built in poland and the baltics , to prevent a russian invasion or green aliens . 
  nato has the obligation to treat all of its members equally . 
  or is poland not a nato member ? 
  reports , more of a satirical nature , but in putin 's russia you never know , how twisted the reality there can get . 
  and it was actually just a little bit over exaggaration from my side . 
  that 's actually something completly different and ca n't be described by that . 
  well , i do n't have any sources for that at the moment , but i 'm very sure , that nato excluded a membership of finland , since it had paradoxly cooperated with germany in world war 2 . 
  it should 've been just after world war 2 . 
  some article about the state of europe after ww2 . 
  oh well , i did n't even know that . 
  i thought that they actually left . 
  how do you want to deescalate a situation with a side , who does n't even want to deescalate it ? 
  and yes , in ww3 the baltic states would be conquered in no time , but !, 
  nato would have to act , since there would have been also nato soldiers involved , and you ca n't just let them die or rot in prison . 
  also , i 'm not the one , who says , that ww3 will happen , but a ww3 should happen , if russia sends it `` this is not the russian army '' - army to one of the nato countries . 
  but it is n't ensured , if it will , if there are no nato soldiers in these countries . 
  the risk is very high . 
  we could also just lay down our weapons , if you want to do it the pacifist way . 
  but than you lay down your freedom , too . 
  that 's actually not true .
