questionable food just give them mcdonald 's . 
  because government involvement is even worst ? 
  its on the front page of common sense magazine . 
  lol k , i take it back . 
  i love my tacos . 
  you can keep your savage barbarians and give them healthcare after they rape your wives because of the emotional stress they 'll have afterwards . 
  i have a better idea . 
  lets send germany all our mexican illegals . 
   and yes , we will only take the ones from the camps who pass our vetting , no country should have to import terrorists . 
  can you believe you 're even arguing with ppl that criticize us for vetting who comes in to our country ? 
  so is every murderer a terrorist ? 
  until the non-muslims start profiting from the crisis , after of course instigating it . 
   ... chancellor merkel unilaterally inviting in refugees and economic migrants , then demanding that others help house them . 
  well that 's one of the ways to become the most powerful country in the continent and establish yourself as the true hegemony . 
  the other is to put them in debt . 
  combine those and you have a nice self-sustaining surplus of wealth . 
  no worries . 
  this immigration crisis is filling the void at a rapid pace . 
  by this time next year , we 'll all be back to surplus rates . 
  they could of been trying to save them , but decided not to since it was n't in their waters . 
  by the way , whoever 's boat that was , i did n't see any spear or shot coming out of that thing anyway . 
  for all we know , someone on the rubber boat could of punctured it themselves with a pocket knife or something . 
  [ here ] ( https://turkishnavy.files.wordpress.com/2010/11/dsc_0251.jpg ) . 
  you still did n't show us proof that it was greek . 
  all we saw was an ordinary coast guard boat that is reminiscent of most mediterranean countries . 
  you 're the one making the claim . 
  it is your responsibility to show proof . 
  not the other way around . 
  you 're obviously turkish and passionately trying to push your agenda by making a million comments on this fraudulent video . 
  show us proof . 
  i did , i did n't see a greek flag though or anything near it . 
  is it comparable to turkish ones perhaps ? 
  i believe so . 
  i did n't see a greek flag anywhere . 
  has anyone else ?? 
   in any case , `` former yugoslav republic of '' does n't even fit on the map . 
  fyrom does . 
   and then it goes ahead to show a map that has `` macedonia '' right above greece , as if to take a position in a long-running controversy ; the position opposing greece . 
  that is enough for me to call at least this article a form of shitty western european propaganda . 
  i want to believe that `` macedonia '' was included that way in the article due to ignorance rather than it being intentional ... but ya , i agree . 
  [ also this happened few days ago . 
  ] ( http://www.ekathimerini.com/200298/article/ekathimerini/news/athens-reacts-after-fyrom-deputy-speaker-pictured-in-front-of-irredentist-map ) no surprise the banana republic is back at it again . 
  / u/barneyfranc is one of the biggest propagandists on this site . 
  i 've been following him for awhile . 
  if he 's not paid , then i 'm abraham lincoln . 
  i think you got it backwards . 
  what we witnessed by schauble as of late is pure emotional hysteria with a touch of egotistical maniacalism . 
  schauble is the only one with a plan for the euro . 
  the euro is his , for now . 
  because there 's no room for emotions in totalitarianism . 
  you people are equal to isis . 
  you are terrorists on a different level . 
  you 'll all pay the price . 
  the world is waking up to your bullshit . 
  and i bet you 're a nazi that just hates freedom and democracy . 
  i mean , you do support shaubles ' latest moves on greece , right ? 
  which means you support totalitarianism . 
  right ? 
  what about it ? 
  without totalitarianism . 
  so how do greeks do it while still working the longest hours in europe ? 
  i would give you gold too but i 'm broke . 
  take this hardcore upvote instead . 
  we watch you crash . 
  a greek default was sure to happen if tsipras failed to pass the proposal through parliament tomorrow . 
  the implications of that would of been insanity . 
  the question is , how do they make up their current losses after they 've all balanced them out between the different institutions . 
  do they force greece ( europe ) to accept the current deal + debt forgiveness ? 
  do they keep them in the euro ? 
  i also want to somehow believe that the imf with u.s. political involvement played this card after seeing the ez potentially stripping away the sovereignty of a nation . 
  i do n't think a dictatorship-like rule of european creditors setting the stage for a standard global policy tasted good . 
  when the eagle soars , everyone else beneath is food . 
  these anti-democratic europhiles must be going ballistic right now . 
  the ez needs to be restarted or split . 
  that 's right bitches . 
  you european cheerleaders are gon na learn a hard lesson . 
  you 're a fool of the highest class . 
  who 's paying you ? 
  what government do you work for barneyfranc ? 
  your bullshit is beyond belief . 
   they still managed to secure a haircut , the new bailout is pretty large , the newly acquired debt is under negligible interest , and the privatization of assets , along with the fiscal reform ( i pray to god they manage to implement it ) have a realistic chance of putting greece on the right track . 
  on the right track of what ? 
  who the fuck are you ? 
  what are your fake credentials ? 
  i do n't know if you noticed , but democracy in the eurozone died yesterday . 
   in times of crisis it 's time for the parties to put down their pitchforks and work together , with a neutral leader , preferably a technocrat . 
  you mean like a personal pet of nazi germany 2.0 ? 
  you 're either a10 year old ` armchair political strategist ' living in your moms basement eating potato chips all day , or you work for germany itself spreading the most stupid shit on the planet . 
  not sure . 
  nice, 
  italy 's debt burden now at record high 132 % of gdp though . 
  on a chess game the ultimate move is the sacrifice of the queen . 
  in game theory , i guess that 's the ultimate move . 
  after the strong ` oxi ' at the referendum , the sacrifice of yanis is the ultimate move from the greek government . 
  no excuses for europe from now on . 
  that move was premeditated . 
  the whole greek plan is designed from yanis and will remain this way . 
  his shadow will be behind the new minister . 
  i 've had my suspicions that he 's part of the machine . 
  migrants will stop trying as it is really expensive even the first time .
