  leaving the ez does n't exist yet . 
  it 's going through the process of creation . 
  is hate speech free ? 
  that 's why over here in the states we call that country the banana republic . 
  the central balkan republic, 
  i prefer banana republic . 
  he did n't say mexicans are rapists . 
  you need to get your facts right . 
  too much propaganda for you . 
  he 's not being racist . 
  he 's just being prejudice . 
  and that 's not a bad thing . 
  that 's true . 
  the spartans were not imperialistic , so they did n't join at that moment . 
  but most did . 
  and only those who identified with hellenistic culture . 
  leonidas was spartan . 
  socrates was athenian . 
  in the end , alexander united all greeks and spread hellenism throughout the world . 
  do n't worry , he 's uneducated and probably brainwashed by soros funded academia in his banana republic . 
  modern day macedonia was actually called '' [ paeonia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paeonia_%28kingdom%29 ) '' back then . 
  the same paeonians that ancient greek macedonians called barbarians . 
  just read the huffington post that someone else posted here . 
  that 's basically what they 're claiming now . 
  also claiming they 're not even refugees , just some crime ring . 
  propaganda at it 's finest . 
  why the sarcasm ? 
  also , why wo n't he be alright ? 
  what are the downfalls of his existence now ? 
  explain why . 
  seriously curious . 
  you 're not wrong and he 's an idiot . 
  there 's way too much proof out there . 
  daeshbag erdogan, 
  is a german trying the same ? 
  what is murican gene ? 
  9 billion that they made from isis oil ? 
   i think that the turkish are more european than they are middle-eastern dude , they 're of mongol and arab ancestry . 
  nothing european about them . 
  unless you mean something else . 
  who cares about these semantics . 
  turkey is directly supporting isis , and not through proxies either . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  look at the refugee crisis . 
  according to angela merkel , this is how you get into the club . 
  just a few more percentages higher , and they will receive automatic membership . 
  you were trying to be slightly funny , but , you make a very good point and something everyone should take seriously . 
  what a stupid argument . 
  i see that shit all over reddit and it 's getting tiring . 
  i can flip that around and say they want you to think that so you can actually accept these migrants with the hopes that they fill up every country with tons of soldiers waiting to take orders . 
  in fact , i saw tons of articles claiming they have thousands of soldiers already just waiting . 
  first think about what 's best for you , then others . 
  europe though is going through a major identity crisis . 
  the demographics are shifting radically at the moment and i do n't see this turning around . 
  meanwhile we have politicians talking about increasing funding for spying , removing encryptions , and changing constitutions . 
  at the same time , these terrorists arent even using the internet for communications . 
  they just use a regular coffee shop for making/taking orders . 
  you are one lost human being . 
  syrians are n't the only ones fleeing . 
  africans are coming right for you . 
  the gates are open . 
  deport them with the first real crime . 
  that 's very common for dog fights . 
  because angela has a bigger voice that resonates globally ? 
  only heard about sweden 's policy til now . 
  i guess you should be punished for not breaking the law . 
  well we need a new law now , do n't we . 
  a crisis like this is why old laws need to be reviewed and new laws created . 
  that added face for effect made me crack up . 
  when asked `` should investors invest in your country now '' , i was n't a fan of his answer . 
  in fact , i felt he undersold and undervalued greece . 
  but in a way , i understand why he did that . 
  greece just is n't stable right now and it would be dishonest of him to sell it otherwise . 
  but , i felt he should of lied and oversold greece . 
  he needed to sell smart investments and not just * any * investements . 
  anyway , i was n't a big fan of his body movements mostly . 
  it felt childish and without morals for some reason . 
  very little eye contact and lots of childish/arrogant laughing . 
  there was a huge contrast between someone like clinton and himself . 
  the way clinton carried himself made me realize how much on another level he is . 
  also , another embarrassing part when clinton spoke about selling the germans wind mills that were produced in northern greece . 
  tsipras did n't even have a clue about that . 
  clinton handled the awkwardness with smoothness and class . 
  democracy died long time ago . 
  corporatocracy took its place . 
  you have 100 % misinterpreted what he said . 
  i agree with you about eastern europe . 
  the globalists have not yet conquered that part . 
  poland is very awake and so are others there . 
  as for the feminization of the rest of europe , [ this was an interesting take on it . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fyoorimbpus ), 
  who cares where he was from and instead worry about his motivations to do this . 
  the same motivation behind muslim refugees swarming in from 3rd world nations with a medieval culture . 
  #oh how isolationist of the eu . 
   one of the main reasons many catalans wo n't vote for independence is that catalonia could risk being outside of the eu after the independence ( despite all of their 7.5 million citizens would still be part of the eu , since there is no law that could revoke their spanish or european citizenship after the independence ... ) , and that would be a real problem as for today . 
  also it would be difficult for catalan because if i 'm not mistaken , last year [ spain covertly took all the gold from catalan 's banks ] ( http://www.vilaweb.cat/noticies/desplegament-espectacular-de-furgonetes-blindades-a-la-sucursal-del-banc-despanya-a-barcelona/ ) during the independence process . 
  that alone would of hurt them as they would of had no assets to back their money with . 
  this is all by design and purpose . 
  - greece defaults - they get to stay in the ez only if they promise to implement all reforms promised by varoufakis 's latest proposals - they will pay the imf off this month - short-term crisis to follow what are yours ? 
  explain .
