best day of my life !, 
  well in hungary we call you guys as our `` brothers-in-law '' , so i guess that kinda counts , right ? 
  solution is simple then : tax the rabbits, 
  most languages call big and significant cities by their own localized version . 
  for example , vienna in hungarian is b\u00e9cs , london in finnish is lontoo , my hometown , sopron is called \u00d6denburg in german , even though it 's not even a big city . 
  and i 'm pretty sure italian has their own `` italicized '' names for big cities as well , for example , rijeka being fiume in italian . 
  no , finns are of n\u00d6rdic and you not . 
  trust me mate , the majority does n't give a shit about trianon . 
  it 's the voiced far-right minority . 
  agglutinative language , so coffee is k\u00e1v\u00e9 and the akusative of k\u00e1v\u00e9 is k\u00e1v\u00e9t . 
  the '' ban '' on clinking beer was only valid until 1998 if i 'm not mistaken . 
  guys i found the guy with the tinfoil hat, 
  is n't agglutination is like a subgroup of synthesis though ? 
  i 'm not an expert so correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  interesting . 
  if you go around asking people about kalevala , most guys my age will look at you like you 're speaking about some weird sexual fetish with tongues or i dunno . 
  not anymore . 
  it was n't even mentioned once in elementary school . 
  ( i am currently in grade 10 ), 
  the only problem is that the turul is no longer the national animal of hungary , just like the \u00c1rp\u00e1d-stripes are no longer a symbol of our army . 
  they changed their symbolic meaning when the radicals and the nationalists overused them . 
  long story short : they are dickheads to everyone , and think that we , mainland hungarians are nothing compared the great sz\u00e9kelys . 
  they are a bit condescending . 
  i think i can safely say that even most hungarians do n't like the sz\u00e9kelys . 
  not counting patriots and nationalists . 
  no , the anschluss was the event when germany annexed austria . 
  denmark got occupied , not annexed . 
  random words in a language that i do not speak, 
  please be satire, 
  i think we 've already talked about this germany . 
  except when the monarch does a shit job . 
  so basically , 80 % of the time ... 
  do not come to sziget this year . 
  this is probably the worst lineup they had in a very long time . 
  save your money , it 's gon na be shit . 
  hungarian checking in !, 
  i can confirm , that there are dialect , but for native hungarian speaker , it does n't really matter . 
  we can easily understand everything . 
  the only difference is , that in gy-m-s megye , people speak with waaay more german-ish words , while in budapest , it 's more like pure hungarian . 
  in the east , hungarian has a kind of french stuff added to it with the pronunciation , and by that , i mean they use more nasal sounds :p, 
  i demand to be called ludwig von ungarn !, 
  join us , we have potato ( sorry for being * a bit * late . 
  just family . 
  sadly , noble names were abolished :( otherwise , i could have had a `` von '' in my name  yaaay , hapsburg austria :d, 
  almost . 
  lineage-name ( lit . 
  no one . 
  it 's all just inciting hatred against immigrants . 
  immigrants that never planned staying in hungary in the first place . 
  pseudo-latin . 
  it has nothing to with latin , apart from looking like latin . 
  because national identity was n't really a thing until the french revolution . 
  55 out of 58 were n't migrants . 
  i believe sigur r\u00f3s only has one song in english ( all alright ) , and even that might as well be just made up words , since even if you listen closely , it 's really hard to tell what language it is . 
  that actually brings up quite a big question , what would happen to all the `` revise trianon '' people ? 
  they 're a joke party . 
  in the last elections , they promised eternal life , free beer , and a space port in szeged . 
  sadly , they 're the closest thing we have to an opposition , right now ... 
  well , no . 
  the results of the referendum are meaningless , it does n't matter , which option won . 
  there are no plans for a mandatory refugee quota anymore , and you ca n't just hold a referendum to `` opt out '' of eu policies anyway . 
  the primary argument for staying at home or casting an invalid vote was to show that the referendum itself is stupid and meaningless . 
  considering that in the last election they only got around 12 000 votes , i think it 's fair to say that what they say is basically irrelevant . 
  two months ? 
  try a year and a half ... 
  not a single political entity campaigned for a ` yes ' vote . 
  it was either for ` no ' ( government + jobbik ) , a complete boycott by not voting ( opposition ) or purposefully casting an invalid vote ( the hungarian two-tailed dog party ) . 
  it was obvious from the start that the ` yes ' vote could n't win . 
  i ( as well as quite a lot of young people ) purposefully cast an invalid vote . 
  nationwide , as of right now , about 1.3 % voted ` yes ' , and 6.3 % voted invalid . 
  yeah , let 's make those people even poorer , so more of them will turn to crime !, 
  great idea , / u/gearingbonus , you should run for office in sweden !, 
  http://www.epa.hu/00400/00463/00007/pdf/155_stark.pdf http://sovietinfo.tripod.com/cnq-victims_stalinism.pdf [ wikipedia 's sources ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gulag ) will also help you out ( especially 14-17 ) . 
  but who am i kidding , you 're not gon na read any of them , either way . 
  mind sharing your source for the absolute bullshit 50 000 number ? 
  i need a good laugh . 
  that 's hilarious !, 
  you pulled that number straight out of your ass . 
  after the end of ww2 , about 600 000 hungarians were sent to soviet labour camps , out of which about 200 000 died ( including my very own great-grandfather ) . 
  the total number of people killed in gulags between 1929 and 1953 is estimated to be anywhere between 1.6 million to over 10 million . 
  nice try though . 
  a very quick google search will tell you at about 14 million people went to the gulag camps , with another 6-7 million exiled to siberia . 
   and it was no wonder fuckers attacked us once again dude poland literally tried to invade them to gain territories eastwards, 
  so we 're now pretending that the gulag did n't exist ? 
  eh , at least with subtitles , you can just ignore them . 
  with the dubbing , you have to listen to the same 12-14 guys in every movie . 
  i swear , it 's always stohl being a middle aged father figure , gesztesi being a coach/mentor , etc etc. 
  dubbing usually makes me cringe much , much more . 
  i guess it 's a personal preference thing . 
  dubbing is annoying as shit , please no, 
   in places like albania no , the words you 're looking for is `` only in albania '' . 
  ah fuck it , let 's go with mandarin , hard as fuck and no native europeans speak it , so there 's no bias . 
  it 's also the most spoken language in the world . 
  `` instead of a super easy language to learn , let 's learn one that 's been dead for a millennium '' learning latin is not just stupid , it 's a waste of time and resources . 
  english is much easier to learn than french or german for most people , because no gender , no case system , simple sentence structure , etc. 
  it makes sense that the language of a european army should be english . 
  i half-expected the polish planes to be old interwar biplanes . 
   peter the 1th cousin of colin 1th , right ? 
  yes of course , you can be ethnically hungarian and a hungarian national , just as you can be ethnically hungarian and let 's say a german national . 
  just like there are plenty of ethnically german people living in hungary ( sv\u00e1bok , ugye ),
