  that was not cool , bro ), 
  but donald trump will cancel it and make amerika kreat again !, 
  bring it on russia . 
  we want karelia back anyway , 
  so . . you like living off from others back doing nothibg ? 
  as a finnish person , i 'm ashamed that we are not in top 5 hated country list . 
  got ta do more work on it then , eh ? 
  thanks to napster :(, 
  try to be part of socialist nanny state . . oh wait you are . 
  you should then understand . 
  bestonia shining like a red beacon in eu ... okay i will let myself out . 
  where do i sign ? 
  finland can sneak to nato ? 
  putin okay with this ?? 
  ( o ^ \\ \\ _ ^ o ), 
  you really have no idea that attack on 1941 was forced . . ? 
  oh really ? 
  karelia is part of russia fairly ? 
  so finland can join ? 
  good . 
  personal reasons . 
  grand-mother was from viaborg . 
  as a finnish person , i would like to have our petsamo and karelia back ( without any russians there ) . 
  that 's all i want from russian . 
  it 's clear that easiest eu country to annex by russia is finland . 
  no sane country would risk ww3 over that sob area . 
  just like eu ? 
  plz let us know in advance if you are joining , thanks !, 
  we are still bit sore about your suprise eu membership application . 
  luckily in finland we have nowadays a website where you can report whoever you want for taxfraud . 
  you do n't have to have proof . 
  just write down name and off to investigation goes !, 
  around 60 % but employee pays 30 % more what is paid to employer, 
  not in finland , unless you do it off-the-books . 
  avarage hour price for lowlevel job in finland is around 50-70 $ due taxes and goverments forced labor costs . 
  10 years ago eurovision was exiting and even i watched 'em . 
  good time , eh lordi ? 
  o_o how ... 
  what ? 
  huh ? 
  based on a diagram shown here some time ago , it was finland . 
  what happened ? 
  i 'm pleased to see that one of the most hated country is finland . 
  what about lift vs. elevator ? 
  ca n't wait when madrid sends their leopard 's to barcelona :d, 
  and make yurop great again !, 
  i heard that your ex-pm berlusconi made fun of some sub-par mongoloid countrys food and few years later they was winners of making best pizza in world . 
  kinda back fired , eh ? 
  so you support that people are semi-forced to be donors unless they remember to inform otherwise ? 
  that 's not true freedom . . opt-in is true freedom . 
  finnish people had to do it because british people were too scared . 
  and he does not live in san andreas backyards area anymore . 
  back in 2013 i saw those in their full glory - luckily . 
  sad to see how they are now . 
  because perkele and motti . 
  wise words and i agree . 
  if there would be real green party it would be nice . . 
  inb4 anni sinnet\u00e4nnem\u00e4ki and green party celebration . 
  definetly not . 
  finnish motto should be : `` havuja , perkele ! '', 
  indeed my friend , indeed . 
  noone noticed that along with iceland flag there is also one of their national prides on that picture : eve, 
  holy snit !, 
  how come i have missed organization like that !, 
  they got cool name btw, 
  and we thought that selling browsing history was bad and yurop strikes back !, 
  my body is ready . 
  that explains food quality in finland . 
  aww . . username did n't check out . 
  now these are eu related news * i * like tohear !, 
  keep it up esa . 
  northen socialist countries also ? 
  muh freedomland and yurop !, 
  touch\u00e9 . . but still bit different to attack state directly with stolen secrets . 
  perhaps one day we can enjoy libertaristian freedom on speech also , 
  it hurts to see that something might be wrong in socialist eu but hey at least you can downvote and have your champain-leftist feel superior compared to usa . 
  i wish eu had freedom of speech like in usa . 
  no it wont . 
  glorious pervs for ever . 
  do n't forget f-secure from finland also, 
  i am also used to that here . 
  if you do n't support socialism you * will * get downvoted here in / r/europe  . 
  stay strong !, 
  let world hear the need of real democrazy !, 
  you base your twitty comment on what ? 
  read my flair ? 
  username checks out, 
  i do n't judge you . 
  libertarist people do n't usually do it but i warned you because you were gathering minus points from your comment that was not pleasing people of / r/europe , 
  do * not * defy the socialist gods of / r/europe saying something like that !, 
  every tax euro pumped from middle class to feed the goverment/needy ones/entitled ones/eu is good euro !, 
  oh the unions . . once an important part of industrial society now burden in post-industrial society . 
  insert link of numa-numa guy here . 
  well , if you think ancap with black & white goggles . 
  you base this on what ? 
  something wrong with that ? 
  why would you wish something horrible like that to beacon of democrazy ? 
  nah , as a ancap person i really dont like any political figure, 
  oh these explains why i get downvoted to oblivion whenever i post my opinions here :d, 
  username checks out,
