  why ? 
  shhh , do n't you dare attack socialist dream in leftist filled / r/yurop . 
  it will get you some downvotes . 
  please note that yle is leftist propaganda channel so news from them is biased . 
  welcome to socialist nanny-state that is finland . 
  people think that finland is some glorious socialist welfare state but the price is way too high in taxes and in privacy . 
  he wants finland to be part of great russia again . 
  i heard roseng\u00e5rden is lovely this time of year !, 
  ah , i have fond memories of that train in 2013 . . first thing they did when i went there for night train i barricaded room of my cabin . 
  my pillow also had some bird shit in it and cabin smelled like ussr in the '70s . 
  oh i hope finland gets f-35 's as they are more superior than any other fighterplane !, 
  in this socialist-europe-best-europe subreddit saying something like that get 's you downvoted . 
  i helped you with +1 because i agree with you . 
  stay brave . 
  will it end with a boom ? 
  ( movie reference ), 
  so startpage is better to search than ddg ? 
  wait , so armored warfare is basicly russian sponsored game ? 
  til, 
  ca n't wait united states of earth or federation of mankind . 
  i assume eu paid those busses ? 
  seems like one of those lists where finland is n't ( anymore ) winning . 
  well that 1 to 5 ratio comes from people working on private sector versus other people . 
  if we just count those who adds value to countrys coffers ( exportable goods and services ) it 's even lower . 
  mind to tell me why this is a great idea ? 
  this is nerely stating that the goverment wants to have complete control over it 's subjects body after their death . 
  this is a step towards totaliarism where person is de facto harvested for organs unless otherwise said - and is that even then respected ? 
  speak on your behalf . 
  public sector in nordics are parasite sector who keeps sucking on middle classes tax titties like no tomorrow . 
  and central party is having their coup to add another layer of governance to already bloatet public sector . 
  nowadays middle class pays over 60 % to goverment in taxes from each euro they earn - not to mention that paying that euro has costed 1.28 $ to emplyeer . 
  1 person in private sector now supports almost 5 people in finland so i would not call it fair . 
  and yes , i know i will get downvotet because this sub just * loves * their nordic countries and their * j\u00e4ttekiva * socialist welfare goverment . 
  it 's the price we pay when societies transit from homogenics to heterogenics in cultural reference . 
  takes a german to know tanks , eh ? 
  they did n't won . 
  they had to give shitload of land and pay hefty warpayments . 
  they say that finland was only country that has payed any war demands fully to the * winning * side . 
  only real `` victory '' was that finland delayed sosialisms victory for over 80 years until in 1990th it took hold in finland . 
  so in this case name was not an omen . 
  based on juha sipil\u00e4 's de-coup by central party the public sector is said to increase around 10-20 % on few years . 
  do not belive their propaganda . 
  you mean indonesians ? 
  chinese people are rich ones that owns the private sector and muslims control public sector . 
  because sosialist european are being salty is someone critizices their way of life . 
  god speed you glorious bastard !, 
  here , have an upvote !, 
  just what teresa may might need !, 
  not to mention you hang out with other cool kids like mehiko , brazul und peruu !, 
  . . for now . 
  round * four * is coming anyway . 
  kepulaiset is in middle of power grap with adding extra layer of governence which they will staff and control . 
  luckily sosialism is coming there now , so recycling will pick up the speed . 
  persut can not never get 50 %, 
  aleksander stubb wrote few days ago that trump will give finland to russia and there is nothing fail-eu can do . 
  who ? 
  based on that story we do n't have clear evidence . 
  * colour - this is / r/europa after all . . 
  remember kids that they have been teaching mainila 's shelling as a finnish aggression for pretty much whole 21th century in russia . 
  source : friend showed their school text books and internal russian wiki pages . 
  is it me or does finnish version sound dumbed down version from original ? 
  remember that in human history one generation is usually fully saved from war . 
  people born after the war ( suuret ik\u00e4luokat ) are going to start die soon . 
  and we all know that humans do like to repeat the history . 
  do n't forget petsamo and salla !!!, 
  let 's do this !, 
  lkab and kiruna !, 
  enjoy your downvpotes !, 
  never speak bad about swedish immigrants . 
  because of their hard labor swedish dream is true !, 
  sweden are doing it and their economy is one of the strongers one so whats the problem here ? 
  so around 1000 people had a power to get re-election in finland ? 
  that 's democrazy for you . 
  kepu does not want to jepordaze their de ` coup named maakuntahallitusmuutos or how you spell it . 
  or lead country via twitter . . oh wait, 
  fake gfx !, 
  finland is not there . 
  i know that we should be on haters list based on news provided by glorious yle, 
  so ... putin would be cool if finland joins nato ? 
  you are totally correct . 
  the centrum party ( kepu pett\u00e4\u00e4 aina ) is doing their greatest decoup and they need every leverage they can get . 
  biofuels are one of their most precious things currently . 
  living in sosialist state is never fun . 
  and i know that i will once again get downvoted for speaking against `` welfare society '' . 
  take your sense and bugger off !, 
  this is / r/europe and we wont tolerate that kind of nonsense here !, 
  internet relay chat, 
  irc and linux, 
  sadly wwiii is on the pipeline as humanitys subconsicousiness prepares for it '' / s '', 
  always upvote happy mushroom cloud !, 
  says uk person about eu direction / s :d, 
  i * knew * finland started winter war by attacking glorious and peaceful soviet !, 
  as it was said earlier , this loophole is not possible . 
  nice plan thou !, 
  as a poor european i would love to buy a good car . 
  i 'm not so obnoxsious about their pollutant levels . 
  close enuf , 
  finland tried this and eu was n't amused . 
  i 'm suprised noone mentioned this masterpiece : https://youtu.be/lp_pijc2ga4, 
  lets not tarnish memory of epix sax guy with that new nonsense .
