  oddly enough seems that russia does not hate finland . . or that 's what this subreddit keeps telling . 
  now you are just begging another upvote . . well take it !, 
  this . 
  living in northen european sosialist atate i can assure to you that it 's a very bad approach that the goverment takes care of you . 
  i 'm not enjoying 70 % total state tax rates . . 
  * tirsk * username checks . 
  thanks for clarifying that !, 
  fair point , i must add . 
  western countries are in some areas trying to silence * some * critism against them - but still not as much as in russia , china or turkey . 
  luckily russians gives rats ass about environment . 
  look up murmanks . . 
  so because we are not slavic country , we will be left alone ? 
  check . 
  so for sake of argument - if finland was not part of eu/eea , what would stop president putin to re-conquer finland ? 
  having a netflix in finland means that you are offered sh * t and old content . 
  and hollywood mafia wonders why people pirate ? 
  username checks out . 
  here , have an upvote !, 
  keh\u00e4 iii supports rest of finland . 
  and remember kids : kepulainen huijaa aina . 
  waiting for mainila ii, 
  so what 's stopping tsar putin to conquer finland ? 
  they are not part of nato so no-one will defend them . 
  at least that would correct history . 
  was it last year one person from duma said that finlands independency was accuired.by foul play . . 
  oh , so now after you attacked finland `` for the lulz '' , you are saying that they are butthurt ? 
  let 's wait round 3 - shall we ? 
  so . . overall you are saying that if your country has a big and important city next to other countrys border , it 's all fair game to extend bufferzone ? 
  so . . sweden could take \u00c5land ? 
  denmark take part of southern sweden ? 
  perhaps ireland secure northen ireland just to be sure - now after brexit . 
  or does this rule apply on to glorious kommunist countries ? 
  fun fact : if communism was bestests why it 's not leading goverment type ? 
  keypoint here : with her russian husband . 
  anyway , how 's viipuri nowadays ? 
  glorious trade city what it was under finland 's `` occupation '' ? 
  my body is ready . 
  oh really ? 
  all nordic countries ( excluding bestonia ) are socialist states . 
  if goverment takes total of 60-70 % of every money unit you earn , then it 's socialist . 
  simple as that . 
  and also here gov likea to control people and offer indirect democrazy to us . . 
  so . . how 's the grid infra holding those hungry grid suckers ? 
  as a finnish person . . til : sailfish is made in russia, 
  as a finnish person , i agree that i have dreamt of this . 
  because green party said so and my aunt is hippie - she knows best !, 
  make gulak great again !, 
  like finland ? 
  sure if you like sosialist state where goverment controls every aspect of your life . 
  haha , helsinki can not in europe . 
  deserves right for those sosialist commies . 
  correct term is : m\u00e4dness, 
  eat that , norway !, 
  eat that !, 
  you know that we can not power our teslas with solarpower only . 
  because we close nuclear plants we will use coal and oil to charge up our electric cars . 
  when you fill up tank on normal small car you put 500kw energy in tank . 
  now imagine that amount of power ro be poured to thousands of electric cars . . solar and wind can not do it . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  finland shot first . 
  ask any historian teacher in modern putistania . 
  oh come on . . you can do better insults on the finns . 
  haha finland got burnt !, 
  well , catalonia has one so ofcourse madrid needed one too !, 
  as a finnish person , i approve kalmarian union . 
  i will just leave this here https://youtu.be/6-3x5hifxyu, 
  so turkey will also surely pay money to armenians ? 
  right guys . . 
  right ? 
  sadly ww3 will happen in next 5-10 years . 
  also if they take gotland , they will surely take \u00c5land at the same time to have total control in baltic sea . 
  not finland . 
  expensive and no unique culture or sighseeing places . 
  save your money and visit some other socialist state in europe . 
  poor animals :'(, 
  yeah , no point coming to this socialist state . 
  looooooool !, 
  umh , i think we are still nr1 on that list . . so stop stealing our thunder !, 
  just got ta say that love your flair !, 
  keep dreaming big !, 
  if scotland can do it . . you know , 
  and there is no examples in history where some area has claimed independency with force ? 
  i heard that spain is interested of taking that rock back to their control . . 
  til : finland is 3rd world country . 
  roseng\u00e5rden would be an ideal place to show better side of europe and success story of multicultural experiment !, 
  i pity those people as they live on socialist states where middle class pays the bills for the rich and poor . 
  i hate those selfish scandinavian people !, 
  what have they done to us ever ? 
  how about anal jihad ? 
  do they approve it ? 
  so much land and so little people . 
  luckily eu has plans to force migrate alot of people ( 60mil ) to finland if/when need arises ( climate change and mass migration from name countries . 
  also this subreddit is more leaning towards leftism based on downvotes i receive if i say issues that preresents my home country in bad light . 
  when you spend that money , 24 % is taken so it adds up . 
  not to mention when you get some gas to car . . 
  most leftist people do n't want to bring up total taxation to the table as it 's approaching 70 % here in finland . 
  this means that each euro you earn , 70c goes to goverment in some form of tax . 
  swedish forget bro finland ? 
  nope . 
  germany ; like in old good times ( except that lapland incident .
