. . which you started and blamed us . 
  finns really ca n't trust you guys but we must tolerate you . 
  reason is 1300 km long . 
  sadly because sweds were not able to defend their terratories . 
  althou because of your communist revolution , we finally got independency from people like you , 
  you want us to join nato ? 
  sorry but russia has denied our pledges :(, 
  `` was not part of ussr '' ?? 
  they are pretty fixated with russia . . 
  damn finnish people . 
  always messing up with others affairs . 
  espoo convention ?? 
  what is that . 
  i have always wondered why a country that likes to scream freedom and democrazy is having a freaking 2 party system which is not very democratic in my eyes . 
  sure , that movie was directed by uwe . 
  greetings from finland !, 
  also note that z651 hates countries that has escaped russian 's grasps ( f.ex . 
  finland ), 
  gz from finland !, 
  ca n't wait when arabic surpasses swedish as a second largest language infinland . 
  question from finland : do you see that we should be part of russia ? 
  because some political figureheads were saying that our declaration of independency was illegial . 
  ca n't wait for fallout irl mmo, 
  but finally a static where finland beats svenskarna , 
  give some more karelia . 
  hear hear !, 
  well , our goverment just said that they will pay rent expensives for refugees next 3 years when they come . 
  i can confirm this . 
  corruption is heavy on upper level and also public sector is too big . 
  and too many people living off from benefits . 
  but not real finnish . 
  i 'm living in finland and wondering if i should move to canada also . 
  urho kekkonen - finnish dictator that ruled in 60 's to 80 's . 
  yes , estonia can never into nordics . 
  oh , they do come but not to look work - to look benefits . 
  no problem , mi lord . 
  based on the downvotes , seems like one can not express his opinion against sosialism here in / r/europe . . oh well . 
  what finland has to do with this ? 
  merely stated that on my view society that follows less regulation is better . 
  as an anarcho-capitalist i must say we need less regulation and more open market . 
  remember kids - taxation is theft . 
  soon it will be cut down because not all religions are equal . 
  it always warms my heart to read how germany made a greenleap by closing bad atomic powerplants and firing up tons of more coal plants . 
  the end is nigh !, 
  or people would be suprised . 
  do n't think that sosialist states are automatically freedom havens . 
  your genes , can i has them ? 
  someone give this man a gold !, 
  my brain hurts :(, 
  old warbuddies keeping it strong together !, 
  go german !, 
  i bet finnish people are going to start harrassing other norweigian athletes by throwing snow balls on 'em or booing to 'em while they do skii jumping practises . 
  shhhh . . 
  and how would i answer in finnish ? 
  google translator is n't that good  / s, 
  what does finns has to do anything with this ? 
  forced happiness in * my * europe ? 
  figures . . damn sosialists . 
  last week russia unleashed major propaganda on prime tv against finland . . but who cares ? 
  not here , anyway . 
  like ... finland does ? 
  they do n't even have space weapons according to iron sky which is a movie made in . . finland . 
  t\u00f6 reis vaas guud bat t\u00f6 tirees vas p\u00e4\u00e4d, 
  you have to understand that russia is protecting themselves . 
  previously two times finland has attacked them so this is a wise move anyway . 
  no sir , sorry sir . 
  is that sub . . 
  real ? 
  i visited marrakech back in ' 84 . 
  have it changed much ? 
  in finland they are called romaani or manne . 
  and boy do goverment give them shitload of free monneh . 
  you should see how much russia is buying finland :d, 
  who was that wise man who said : he who controls the past , conquers the future ? 
  you know that unca putin will also try to invade your home island . . 
  what about orkut ? 
  nothing will happen . 
  turkey shot down fighter and we did n't any real actions to be taken . 
  this is one of those moments where you need to apply water on that burn :d, 
  like how finland left glorious russian federation ? 
  you can not be homeless in finland . 
  goverment gives you free housing and spending money . 
  ah true !, 
  i have totally forgot neutron bombs - even thou in army i was trained to spot different bombs . 
  they are best ones to use if you want to get land with minimu\u00f6\u00e4m damage . 
  you have also remember that currently it 's more acceptable to use tactical nukes than icmb 's . 
  beside , if you plan conquering a nation , why pollute it with radioactivity ? 
  with 80 % of people in society doing nothing ? 
  let me quote a famous videogame series : war , war never changes . 
  sosialism here means that the public sector spends around 60 % of bkt in finland and also overall tax rate is nearly 70 % . 
  in states like these goverment controls alot off stuff - also production in some areas . 
  goverment also spends alot of money on `` tulonsiirto '' which is money transfered from middle class to low and high income class . 
  so , you are saying that if a nordic country joins nato it would be same as allowing north korea join ? 
  fun fact : 3 out of 5 nordic countries belongs to nato already . 
  but you are right there that nordic countries are sosialist states . . 
  you know that in finland they got mostly forest fields . 
  there are n't much `` wild forest '' left in finland ( minus northen finland ) . 
  nah , i will just downvote you . 
  your precious internets points be draining !, 
  well . . there is one nordic country in russian 's sphere as they are too afraid to join nato because putin said it was not a good idea .
