   but still , ultimately , ineffective . 
  it 's like approaching infinity - with each step you get closer and yet at the same time no closer at all . 
  so your solution is to do nothing to combat child pornography ? 
  well good luck telling that to government . 
   who is it going to catch off guard ? 
  if you search ` child porn ' on google it will be no different to before . 
  the savvy will retain the privacy and the less savvy wo n't . 
  as i said , this is n't about child porn at all . 
  you 're mixing up context , the last part of our conversation has been in the context of voluntary porn filters since i said ( paraphrasing here ) `` and that 's not even mentioning porn filters '' . 
  we 're in agreement here :  it 's just going to punish those who did n't notice the checkbox when signing up who now have to an awkward phone call to enable ( legal ) porn access again . 
  although afaik it can be done on a website , that 's how virgin does it at least . 
   it 's going to punish teenagers who , even putting porn aside , are likely to just search for factual information regarding sex - factual information which is routinely found blocked by these types of filters . 
  i 'm pretty sure government does n't hate teenagers nor do isps but cameron pushed his threat to get isps to offer an opt out porn filter for votes ( i think , could n't really tell you the motives behind it )  it 's going to help creep in further internet censorship and it 's fucking pointless practically to begin with !, 
  never use the slippery slope argument , it 's a fallacy . 
  voluntary porn filters good , opt out bad , child porn filters that every isp has as mandatory in conjunction with the iwf good . 
  government is n't involved in this . 
  isps had their hand tipped when it was threatened . 
   if there 's actual demand for having your connection filtered , there will be a product . 
  there was a demand and there was a product afaik , the big isps offered these filters before but not at sign up , i 'm assuming because it costs them money . 
   and is there any sensible reason for it being opt-out rather than opt-in ? 
  this is just what was pushed for , it wins votes isps did it good faith i guess ? 
  i could n't tell you . 
   all people need to do is google `` how to access blocked pirate bay '' . 
  the non-tech savvy can do that . 
  you need to take a look at / r/talesfromtechsupport  you do n't think child porn , like everything else , gets mirrored when it 's either blocked or taken down ? 
  that 's how the internet works , just because it 's that i do n't see why the principle does n't apply . 
  of course it does , but certainly not on the level it has been for the pirate bay which is what i was getting at , it makes blacklisting more effective . 
   from the about page : `` we help internet service providers and hosting companies to combat the abuse of their networks through our ` notice and takedown ' service which alerts them to content within our remit so they can remove it from their networks . '', 
  they remove them from the servers entirely . 
  that is n't what is happening with these blocks , as i said . 
  point being , these blocks are n't for child porn , they 're for what the government/whoever deems immoral or otherwise displeasing . 
  those words have been sewn in because it 's political suicide for any politician to act out against anything that supposedly protects kids from abuse . 
  you 've just misunderstood that to support your point . 
  iwf informs the police , they take down servers isps simply block the material , re-read it , it should be more clear now and no we 're talking about child porn filters not the porn filters in this sub-thread . 
   it 's a matter of principle . 
  it says `` we know what you should be looking at '' by default . 
  if it 's not saying that , it 's saying that we should all have to deal with this extra nuisance because a few politically correct , technologically illiterate morons ca n't parent their own children . 
  if you want to be that pragmatic , why not have it be the other way around ? 
  that would n't be controversial . 
  fair enough and i do agree with it being the other way around , i think it 's done this way out of malice to catch people of guard . 
  ok lets make sure you understand a few things : government did not force this to happen , david cameron issued a threat to isps that it could happen . 
  since then isps have created filters for porn and malware that you can opt out of when you sign up with an isp . 
  this is self regulation . 
  the snowden documents have revealed government already captures packets anyway through the transatlantic cables , this self regulation does not add intrusion into peoples privacy . 
  overall i think you need to step into / r/conspiracy  and what of the people who agree to the filter ? 
  they are happily permitting the government to censor what they see . 
  that is an unhealthy attitude to have regarding the most powerful informational tool the world has ever seen , and they are teaching their kids that it 's normal to only have restricted access to information , which is another intended consequence . 
  as we 've established government is not censoring anything . 
  you 're against people being allowed to control what they see on the internet ? 
  do you use adblock ? 
  i 'd certainly hope not otherwise that would make you a hypocrite . 
  it is normal to have restricted access to information in lots of ways and i certainly would n't say porn is information and hell , who are you to tell people how to raise their children or how they want to look at the internet . 
  edit : also since i 'm not a completely cynical conspiracy nut i would say he gave the threat to win over helicopter mums not because government wants to control everything you do . 
   can you prove that ? 
  take the pirate bay block as an example - a vpn will get around it , as will a host of mirrors . 
  it does n't work and just becomes a game of whack-a-mole . 
  the pirate bay block has stopped those not technically savvy enough to get around it i 'm sure , we ca n't really trust sources on those numbers though as they all have conflicting interests and little data . 
  personally i am against the pirate bay blacklisting though . 
  also there 's not really going to be mirrors for every server with child porn . 
   domains and servers that are indexed and found to be holding such content are investigated and seized . 
  have you got a single example of something of this manner that is isp-blocked but not yet taken down ? 
  https://www.iwf.org.uk/ ask these guys , i do n't work for them . 
   fyi , i 'd be fine with this if it was off by default . 
  and if it did n't include hazy ` esoteric material ' . 
  you 're against it because you have to click the mouse an extra time when you sign up ? 
  yes isps can ... obviously you can use a vps and get around it but at that point there 's nothing really that can be done . 
   ` darknet ' a.k.a. 
  the unlisted part of the internet too much house of cards mate i2p and tor do n't just have some hidden telephone directory , it does n't work like that . 
   the only way a filter would work is for a whitelist to be implemented . 
  sure if you want total accuracy ( barring those getting past it ) but that 's obviously not feasible . 
  a blacklist does work believe it or not . 
   what am i trying to say ? 
  these blocks are thinly veiled attempts to creep in internet censorship under the guise of the easiest cause going , kiddie porn . 
  imagine that a child porn filter ( as talked about above ) censoring child porn . 
  this has been going on for a while now and happens all over the globe also the child porn filter is voluntarily done by isps as self regulation and is not government mandated ( although there are laws in place ) , yes there 's been issues with them blocking whole domains such as imgur it 's not perfect but it 's certainly not some government way to block what they do n't want to you to know . 
  that 's not even talking about the voluntary porn filter . 
  well yeah , i would hope every isp would have a child porn filter ... 
  so what if it has the potential ? 
  seriously what is wrong with a voluntary internet filter that you can opt out of when you sign up for an isp . 
  ( yes there have been instances where it 's been applied retro-actively but it is still voluntary ) yes it 's censorship , it 's entirely voluntary though . 
  censorship is not pure evil that should be avoided i would n't particularly want my children to be allowed to go on / b / . 
  i go into / r/worldnews when i want a laugh but seeing this kind of shit in / r/europe is n't even funny . 
  if it ever reaches that potential as you put it , that 's when it becomes bad . 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  why does reddit think it 's the great firewall ? 
  sure if the eu would pull it 's weight but no that 's too much to ask . 
  it 's bizarre , it seems only the british and americans in this sub are against it . 
  it 's so far left it 's nuts . 
  i do n't think you want to go back to court over that one , 
  i 'd rather keep us as we are thanks . 
  i do n't like the idea of my government not representing me . 
  and boy did we get fucked by the yanks on that one . 
  of course there 's going to be a slight anti uk attitude considering we 're always doing to hokey pokey but there 's no need to cry about it , there 's anti italy shit posted here all the time , anti_german shit anti-france shit , really reddit 's just a bunch of cynical bastards who love to hate shit and that 's alright just do n't cry about it . 
  so it 's a really shitty tram ? 
  you 're a cunt but i like your style . 
  legally fine but the guy would be seen as paedoish . 
  why the union jack ? 
  swapsies ? 
  us uk bffs !, 
  that 's a bit of a hyperbole do n't you think ?
