  best part of primary school . 
  it was pretty basic , mostly small tidbits about egypt . 
  year 2-3 we learned a bit about the spanish and the discovery the new world and their search for a city made of gold , year 3-4 we learned about henry the 7th through to queen eilzabeth and to sir walter raleigh , relations with the spanish and french . 
  year 5 queen victoria and the workhouses and colonisation to a degree . 
  year 6 ww1 and ww2 ( there was even a ww2 day when you act like evacuees and dress up and generally do ww2 stuff , cool as fuck ) . 
  at some part above we also learned about nightingale and lady mary i think her name was ( the black equivalent to nightingale ) year 7 the battle of stamford bridge , anglo saxons , normans and generally what happened , this is the earliest point of english history that was taught . 
  year 8 the industrial revolution ( sooo fucking boring , seriously we dreaded this topic as it had been touched on before and would get touched on later ) . 
  year 9/10 ww1 , post ww1 and ww2 . 
  year 11 was medicine through time in which we learned about developments from essentially cavemen the greece and hipocrates to rome , to the industrial fucking revolution , to the crimean wars ( also talk about before we talked about ww1 and without the medical aspect ) to nightingale . 
  at some point here we also talked about edward jenner , vaccinations , the renaissance period and william harvey , the discovery of germs and another man who was french and discovered a way of setting wounds to heal but i forget his name unfortunately . 
  i wish there was more on europe though , we did n't learn too much about other countries history , hell , other than the key points of our history we barely learnt anything . 
  at some points we also covered the english civil war and a few other things that i am forgetting . 
  we also learned a lot about the war of the roses but i ca n't remember when . 
  how about ww1 and post ww1 , we tended to learn about the weimar republic got screwed by things like the occupation of the ruhr , war reparations , inflation , attempts at communist take overs and by it 's self by generally being a weak form of government although being very forward thinking with stuff like votes for women ( we did history through time in a chronological order , eventually hitting ww1 post ww1 and ww2 ) and how germany got through these struggles leading to a golden age ... then ya know ... hitler and how he was clever , dressed smartly and managed to get from being a thug and prison to a respectable politician and a position of power shortly before breaking ww1 peace conditions ( building the arms of a military ) and war + the krystalnatch etc and the whole gassing of the jews . 
  and was it positive ? 
  we got a very positive view of germany , the german people and their leaders ( even hitler up until the assassinations and jews , how he got unemployment down with basically slavery , book burning ; oh and the spying and encouraging of people to spy especially children although hitler youth has a positive spin ) . 
  wow ok maybe i put too many details that i want to know about but i just really want to know how education in germany was . 
  oh and what about prussia ? 
  unfortunately there was n't too much on that other than alliances to stop napoleon/battle of waterloo . 
  ok very simplified . 
  war for freedom from the british in ireland by the british ( civil war similar to the american war for independence ) , peace treaty creating the republic of ireland ( roi ) and northern ireland who are british . 
  terrorism , blood shed and barbaric behaviour from both sides has led to people being very bitter ( because shooting innocent civilians and making bombs that target innocent civilians does that ) . 
  ira/pira ( those doing the fighting for the irish , you can read more on them your self ) was able to do so well with the funding of american citizens who helped fund a war that should never have happened and the reasoning of this is incredibly stupid ( generally hurr durr i 'm irish because my dad was , hurr durr the british are evil ( this was a civil war , only involving the british ) or those who actually were irish and wanted their previous country to be independent ) . 
  when you think ireland you likely think roi they are the ones who wanted freedom and the unionists did n't want freedom from the british because well , they are britons . 
  well the roi has gone to shit , though hopefully they 'll spring back . 
  i had to rewrite this several times to simplify it enough , but to be clear there war no good side , both sides were brutal some people just wanted to rule them selves others did n't ( with good reason , the same reasons why the majority of the scottish do n't want to rule them selves ) , ** this is a war that should never have happened , the brutality before , during and after should never have happened either . 
  for eu citizens . 
  actually yes , a lot of them do , it 's a realistic and a lot of the time a much better life style . 
  a lot of them probably want to be billionaires too but that 's not really realistic . 
  that one is better suited as an irish joke , thanks though , goodnight . 
  perhaps you 'll share another when you 're back on reddit ? 
  got anymore wise guy/gal ? 
  you do n't ? 
  eh i do n't find gun jokes or ` murica jokes particularly funny . 
  why ? 
  not sure if you 're joking . 
  that 's still annoying , seeing an american shouting his mouth of at other americans , granted it 's funny too . 
  the french can speak it , lazy bastards just choose not to . 
  no idea about italy or spain , fairly sure they 'd be able to speak it . 
  sounds about right . 
  you see , it 's funny to do it when it 's your country but it 's insulting when you say it about another country , more so if you 're american . 
  i 'd avoid comments like that in future . 
  huh , what do you know , i did the same thing . 
  that 's what this entire thread is getting at , i 'm comparing from the perspective of an american , i 'm used to it to make it easier for americans to understand . 
  i 'm sorry for doing that , i 'm just used to it for americans . 
  ( i hope that makes sense i 'm tired and i do n't mean americans are dumb hurr durr , just to be clear . ), 
  he 's ( slyratchet ) fucking joking . 
  well , america is much less diverse in short . 
  hell yes . 
  does the european union not assume many of the responsibilities of a country ? 
  some . 
  does it not have a fiscal and monetary union ? 
  no , not entirely . 
  why is the eu an exception ? 
  because individual countries are sovereign , it 's not easy to explain in one post especially considering you 're american ( that does not mean you 're stupid , it means you 're used to american values and society , the eu is not one country and the countries are not states ) , if the eu became federalised then i could see your point but at the moment it 's not even close to a country . 
   allied , our two countries ? 
  ok let me explain : if the ez ( eurozone ) blows up they 're screwed either way , so they may as well join now . 
  you are a bloody muppet , stop showing us up . 
  that 's a reddit thing , not / r/europe . 
  this is actually quite disappointing , i would have hoped that at least one country would hit 90 % or above . 
  it 's utterly disgusting that the family needed to say that , i ca n't believe my own countrymen would do shit like trying to burn mosques , it 's saddening to see . 
  it was in luton , if you 've not been it 's a fucking shit tip . 
  you got trolled by the way . 
  i have him tagged as `` thinks global warming is a lie '' but now i realise he 's just a troll . 
  it 's a protest vote like he or she said , 50grams is n't voting out of support . 
  `` civilized '' well you could start by using the bloody language right !, 
  i 'm joking of course but you 're right in that there has been an anti-pole sentiment , i 've not seen it much at all anymore however i have seen `` bloody poles , ca n't build anything right '' because polish people stereotypically end up in builders jobs , you can see this on top gear as a notable example of the stereotype and as with everyone there was the `` stealing our jobs '' sentiment although as far as i 'm aware poles tend to be well educated . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/royal_navy#1914.e2.80.931945 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_navy_in_world_war_ii possible invasions of the british isles have been debunked time and time again . 
  if you had of read about operation green it had to be in conjunction with operation sea lion , germany had never had naval supremacy at any point during the war and it was n't a possibility . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_sea_lion operation barbarossa was n't why they were cancelled it was because they were n't remotely possible , if germany had of some how ramped up naval and specifically uboat production then sure but where the hell where they going to get that oil from , that 's one of the main reasons for operation barbarossa . 
   if ireland declared war on one side it would have been invaded absolutely not , germany did n't have the capability , the british nor the americans would have allowed that . 
  that 's the only thing i would like to discuss before i move on , i would 've liked to discuss the rest of the points we 've brought up but yeah ... 
   defending the people who did nothing wrong . 
  modern irish people still believe this was the correct course of action ( which it was ) . 
  you are not insulting my ancestors you are insulting me and the irish people . 
  and this is why i ca n't discuss it with you , i 'm not trying to insult you , if you ca n't take it that ireland did almost nothing during the war then that 's your problem , halk is right , you ca n't deny it and be correct , ireland was a nazi apologist even after the facts about the nazi regime had come to light . 
   good i 'm tired of arguing with people who have no idea what they are talking about . 
  next time pick up a history book about ireland  i am being civil , i am simply pointing out that you do n't know about ireland during this time ( which you do n't ) . 
  if i was being uncivil i would have called you something like and idiot , instead i said you were ignorant on the topic which means you have a lack of knowledge on it ( which you do ) . 
  also this is the same argument as everyone else . 
  the only one acting like an expert here is you and you provide personal attacks so no you 're not being civil , you 're being an arse presumably because you 're in the mindset of having to defend your ancestors . 
   ireland was not content on letting hitler destory europe . 
  where was ireland when germany had taken poland ? 
  where was ireland when germany had taken france ? 
  where was ireland from 1939-1945 ? 
  i 'll agree that doing anything such as denouncing germany and declaring war could have lead to bombings but what about allowing pilots who joined the raf to return after the war ? 
  and similar acts ? 
  why did ireland not even allow it 's countrymen to return ? 
  you tell me ireland could not have joined the war , it could have but it would have been bad for ireland , but it did nothing in order to help the allies in anyway . 
   maybe if the british empire was n't as evil to ireland as the nazis were to the jews the british empire was cruel at times i 'll grant you that , my countrymen have committed atrocities against a lot of people , i wo n't apologise for that but i will acknowledge it . 
   how about you read a history book about this before you come in here with the same argument and lack of knowledge as everyone else . 
  ah a personal attack , great response , i 'm done ; no more posts from me , if you ca n't be civil i ca n't have a discussion . 
  to be fair no one knew he was commiting genocide at the time , everyone knew about the warmongering and conquering though . 
  cromwell also committed genocide against the scots , cromwell was n't a nice man to anyone . 
  the allies fought against a warmongerer , ireland was content to let him destroy europe . 
  i hate to point this out but royal families tend to bring in far more than they take , directly or indirectly , they do a lot of good for their country and who are you to judge ? 
  you must be a troll , i hope you 're trolling . 
  i did , but not because i think my country is the best country in the world at everything , i did because this is a seriously stupid survey . 
  i was . 
  thanks .
