i think around that time all i was doing was wanking and playing games . 
  oh , that 's horrible . 
  a police officer got shot in the hand , the last time i heard of a police officer getting shot was around 2007 so it 's quite scary but makes me proud that an officer getting shot somewhere as the hand is reported . 
  ( shows how non-existent guns are here ), 
  rudeness and in my experience it 's true , never have i felt so infuriated in my country because of my country . 
  people pushing in queues , shoulder barging and not apologising when they 're in the wrong . 
  here if you have a british passport you 're british . 
  i do n't get how other countries could see it differently it just sounds like the bnps them vs us . 
  you 're mixing up your gulf wars , the first was in defence of kuwait and the second war ` the ' iraq war that we 've come to know and love . 
  hopefully never . 
  we 're not defending it , there 's just nothing we can do about it , private companies can do whatever they want within the bounds of the law . 
  get your head out of your arse . 
  well companies do n't want to , wtf are we supposed to do about that ? 
  victoria . 
  the spanish armada , cyphers , francis drake & queen elizabeth . 
  sir walter raleigh . 
  the war of the roses . 
  the english civil war roundheads vs royalists . 
  that 's absolutely it iirc . 
  i think there was something about longbowmen and helping out portugal but it would 've been one or two lessons nothing much . 
  i did move about a bit but the curriculum seemed to be the same in all my schools . 
   yes , our women are really that hot . 
  the stereotype here 's the exact opposite of hot soooo i guess that means your women are really * that * ugly ? 
  hey , dickheads , he 's joking . 
  fwendly i found it funny at least . 
   so a lot of fairly poor people go there on a budget . 
  well that 's stepping into cunt territory . 
  still i have to agree britons on holiday are supposedly when we 're at our worse . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/francis_drake one of our national heros . 
  piss off with that shit too . 
   typical american . 
  commenting on things you know nothing about . 
  do n't be a cunt . 
  no we do n't . 
   being distinctly ` american ' what hat is he wearing in that song ? 
  what does based mean in this context ? 
  i see it a lot and do n't understand if it 's a meme or something . 
  that is their job though , that 's what their voters want them to do . 
  it 's kinda shitty but it 's democracy in work . 
  they can but fiscal money works on belief , if people believe it has value then it does . 
  scottish money would shaky as hell , it 's leaving a union and no one is sure how the economy is going to turn out so there 's no belief in scottish money therefore if they decided to go down that route it would have almost no value at first . 
  or at least that 's how i think it works , i really do n't know to be honest , here 's hoping you get a better answer . 
  this is reddit , what do you expect , an essay ? 
  never heard of anyone taking the piss out of milton keynes for anything like that . 
  there 's always one , an american , a brit , there 's always one who whines about [ insert country here ] bashing despite every country being bashed . 
  except esti , no one touches cute little esti :d, 
   lefthandedlunatic i hope you were n't too rough . 
  so you agree , one size does n't fit all in that regard . 
  that 's exactly what is going on , you ca n't separate the trying to help from the situation . 
  yes they are n't nice people and it 's not a massive surprise but fuck me if you lot are n't complete cunts . 
  `` hahaha stupid people trying to help what did they expect '', 
  yes , fuck empathy . 
  not to be kidnapped while they are working to fucking help people ? 
  it 's not like they are fighting they are just helping people . 
  what the fuck . 
   a unified police ` force ' would be one of those things i would think of as being good . 
  one size does not fit all there . 
  we have interpol already . 
  we are n't allowed to buy them , they were n't made here . 
  :o i still want to try it . 
  it 's weird , the rest looked nice but the fish and chips were the only one to make me actually hungry . 
  although i really want some chocolate cake and runny custard now ... finland !, 
  i like it , would n't change it for the world . 
  the reason i like it the most is because it 's known the world over . 
  that whole stereotype 's actually reversed , now it 's those bloody romanians and bulgarians supposedly bringing the entire population of both countries here . 
  i mean it 's still about for a few people . 
  maybe it 's just those who i 've come across . 
  i get that it 's a joke i just wanted to share is all . 
  france or germany . 
   or perish so much exaggeration going on in this thread . 
   we have no constitution , no inviolable rights . 
  because as we see , that works great . 
   and most people do n't care and some even see that as a good thing !, 
  we have no other real human rights laws - this would mean that the government could do what they please with regards to reducing welfare , forcing unpaid labour , indefinite detention without trial and who knows what else . 
  i want a stronger europe so the government are accountable to a higher power . 
  and not a weak figurehead/non-existent higher power like the monarchy or god , both of whom are officially the higher powers her majesty 's government 's rule is derived from . 
  government 's not going to slavery mate . 
  i like this guy , courageous to attempt it , he should know his limits though . 
  ooooh goodie i love chinese !, 
  personally i do n't think sanctions are the right answer . 
  peacekeepers would be if russia would let them . 
  i think it 's the most sensible option , russia could cut the terrorists loose and let the peacekeepers disarm the situation . 
  netherlands 2014 !, 
   like all things , it 's a trade-off . 
  just as i do n't think scanners in airports are worth the chance of stopping a bomber because of the privacy invasion , i do n't deem a few people looking at child porn worthy of internet censorship , especially when so many amazing things , political or otherwise , come out of an open web . 
  they do n't check everything you go on , certain websites just are n't reachable . 
   secondly , it 's another way of creeping in censorship . 
  i disagree but that 's just really down to how i perceive government . 
   voluntary porn filters good , opt out bad , child porn filters that every isp has as mandatory in conjunction with the iwf good . 
  that i would have no issue with . 
  yeah we 're definitely in agreement in everything then , i do n't like how the voluntary porn filters are done and i do n't like how they came about but if that changed i 'd say it 's all perfectly fine . 
   those are the very worst examples of people using technology . 
  not only that , but you ca n't even verify if the stories are true . 
  that is n't a source for how tech savvy people are at all . 
  i 'll give you an anecdote . 
  my best friend is hopeless with computers but knows where to find tv streams online . 
  when one gets blocked , she 'll just search for a mirror or for another . 
  you need only be computer-average ( or below , even ) to do that . 
  of course they are , i 'll give you another anecdote , the smartest person i know who 's on his way to becoming a civil engineer and requires him to become a programmer ca n't find a tv stream online and asks just about everyone where they get their links . 
  he 's competent with computers my point is if it blocks just one person then it 's working in some form which for child pornography is great that 's doing something to combat it .
