  tea and repressed memories . 
  bugger . 
  noooo my friend , we do !, 
  the south of france , i 'm not quite sure where specifically but it 's the only other country i want to live in . 
  maybe germany too . 
  oh shit my flag . 
  fuck er portugal !, 
  portugal is great !, 
  i would never betray my country and join those frog eaters !, 
  god save the queen !, 
   but europe does n't do integration particularly well , especially with regards to groups like the roma or the travelers . 
  might as well have said `` yurope the country is racists but murica is melting pot ; big and diverse . '', 
  in certain countries they have the chance for everything !, 
  if they do n't want to integrate what can you do ? 
  well you said imprison them , that 's fucking retarded and i 'm pretty sure it violates some international human rights laws . 
  what 's better ? 
  let them live as they want and try to convince them to live like the rest of us or make them live as we want . 
   perfectly willing to burn them out of a farm say you owned a farm and gypsies came and set up shop saying it 's their land now , would you expect the police to leave them and lose your land ? 
   but not willing to go the extra mile to integrate and educate them . 
  right , compulsory education is n't a thing in how many european countries ? 
  and how many countries in europe ( not the eu ) do n't offer homing solutions for them and literally anyone else in need ? 
  the fuck did i just read ? 
  i would 've thought an american would understand the ideals of freedom . 
  absolutely . 
  i 'm not a doctor , you do n't need an appointment . 
  i think it 's a joke . 
  i 'm 99 % sure but there 's still that nagging doubt since it 's not particularly funny in anyway . 
  after that much eastenders we 'll be brain dead anyway . 
  london . 
  what a horrible way to go . 
  we 're toughening our selves up , think about it a nation used to such shit that during war time you could literally count sheep in case of nation wide power failure . 
  we 've been practising for decades now . 
  you just wait till nuclear war comes and you 've got no bloody electric !, 
  cats are shit , now dogs however ... they 're the best . 
  lol . 
  gmail offline is shit . 
  gmail 's fine but when you lose connection you ca n't access past emails . 
  that 's about the only reason other than privacy i can think of . 
  lol . 
  you little bastard you 're evil because someone in your country did bad things !, 
  you little fucking bastard your childrens children are going to be little bastards too !, 
  french or german . 
  that 's hilarious . 
  that really is . 
  ahahahaha who upvoted this shit ? 
  this is weird , you 're seem like you 're extreme left wing and also extreme right wing at the same time . 
  they can fight russians better than anyone . 
  merci beaucoup !, 
  edit : on a serious note i would actually like to learn french so if anyone wants to message me with any help je suis regard pour il !, 
  what if you 're family is rich but they are n't willing to pay for you ? 
  well , bugger . 
  can you at least time your next world war so it does n't conflict with our next empire ? 
  everything started to go downhill a few years after your first world war experiment . 
  even your shepards ?!, 
  that 's a great point but if they 're particularly poor then is n't it still bad for them ? 
  anyway sorry that other people downvoted you , they do n't seem to understand what that button is for . 
  nelson !, 
  wellington !, 
  sir francis drake !, 
  last but not least churchill !, 
  those are just the ones that spring to mind right now . 
  huh i 've only heard the opposite from americans . 
  fair enough though . 
  and that 's why i consider it to be a racist policy . 
  i 'm just making the case that the us is not the least racist country in the world , it 's clearly a great country in terms of equality . 
  yes but as far as i 'm aware race is still included and actively discriminated against white students . 
  yes . 
  please remember this is n't a pissing contest . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2013/06/04/us/marijuana-arrests-four-times-as-likely-for-blacks.html?_r=0 one of your popular politicians slipped and call obama a `` nigg - '' http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhpqyqazxfm hell your student loans process is in favour of black people to try and counteract racism within education which is racist in its self . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/race_and_crime_in_the_united_states  the uk does immigration and assimilation the best of any country in europe ( see : soccer-playing , english-speaking south asians ) , but on the whole , y' all are way more xenophobic -- and shamelessly so -- than us . 
  every generation a different nationality constitutes a huge number of immigrants to the us , and every time , without fail , that immigrant group is eventually accepted as `` real americans '' and we move on to feeling resentful of later immigrant groups . 
  how is it shamelessly so ? 
  explain this , you 're not providing anything to back it up with . 
   there is n't a single country in europe with 10 + % of the population being of a different race . 
  your countries -- again , britain excluded -- are hugely racially homogeneous , and in many cases even ethnically homogeneous . 
  that does n't equate to racism ... racism is rife in america , it 's an issue here too , it 's likely an issue in other european countries but i 'd hardly call the us a bastion for peace love and lack of racism . 
  i 'm gon na disagree massively . 
  america is a bastion of racism . 
  edit : bastion is harsh but the us is far from the least racist country on the planet . 
  proud of the empire , but not of the actions . 
  it 's awe inspiring knowing that your tiny little island was so powerful that the sun could n't set on it 's empire . 
  then you realise how that was done . 
  spanish , never heard of the spanish for being penny pinchers . 
  got ta be scottish . 
  i support the eu in the sense that continental europe should have a joint defence and immigration policy and the rest should say as is pretty much . 
  the eu is good at preventing war in europe and that 's how it should be , not europe as an equivalent to america . 
  mine too . 
  draws too much attention to it , and we do n't want it going to shit because so many people wanted to join it and shit post in it and post crappy comics in it . 
  good , every little helps . 
  yup , i thought that was a given personally but i 'll update my post to clarify . 
  they are still britons , some of the right winged cocks are cocks but they are britons none the less . 
  maybe towards the irish-americans and american descendants of that helped the ira , the fact that they supported the ira annoys me like hell but i do n't see the bias elsewhere , i did try to mention the brutalities towards them but it was a bit of a footnote unfortunately and the brutalities caused by the ira , in one of the ones i wrote before i mentioned the intentional bombings of civilians and the slaughter of civilians ( black and tans ) etc. 
  edit : clarification . 
  i was trying to keep it simple , i had to re-do the whole thing several times , you 're right i know : / unfortunately he/she 'll probably want a tldr of what i 've already written . 
  good point , it 's updated now . 
  b ) how the world is so grateful for how we intervene in ... everything . 
  well we are in some things russia would have had much more of europe if not for america and canada in ww2 ( yes other countries too but ww2 had nothing to do with them yet they went out of their way to help the allies ) . 
  alright this is pretty much what i was taught but i 've never been to a boarding school or anything , i wish i had of , i think i would 've learned more , generally we did n't learn that much compared to other countries . 
  other than when talking about egypt we always touched onto the french throughout for example napoleon and wars with the french . 
  year 1-2 egypt !,
