   these foodstuffs can easily be switched out in case of a trade war . 
  define easily . 
  there is n't a glut on the food markets where other large international suppliers can take up the demand of the eu that was supplied by another large international supplier ( which was providing double digits percentage of a food stuff ) , without scaling up their own operations ( time frame : years , optimistically ) and again , the point is n't that they need to cut off supply , they just need to slow it down so supermarket shelves can be seen to be empty and/or prices spike . 
  link : http://ec.europa.eu/agriculture/trade-analysis/statistics/graphs/top-5-imported-products-2013_en.pdf if we lost domestic food production , and if the eu ever displeased either brazil or argentina ( or obviously the us ) , we 'd have a really bad time . 
   the only real need for all this domestic production is for national security reasons you say that like it 's a small thing . 
  a country giving away the ability to feed itself to save some money is a very dangerous step . 
  we basically give a huge amount of diplomatic leverage to those countries feeding us . 
  it 's not necessary for them to ` cut ' international trade , they can do any number of things to temporarily slow it down/increase the cost . 
  hell look at the half assed european response to russia invading ukraine if you need proof of what can happen, 
   new people will become farmers due to higher profit margins . 
  no , what will happen in that case is that prices wo n't rise enough for european farmers to compete with lower cost foreign competitors ( who do not have the same standards to meet ) and europe will be dependent on those countries for our food supply . 
  ( and be politically weakened because of it ) as an aside , even if what you imagined was true , people do n't just `` become '' farmers . 
  farming is a way of life , it requires a network of contacts you 've grown up with . 
  you do n't show up for 8 hours , do some farming and go home as you would with most jobs . 
  there 's a big difference between saying `` you do n't get a single benefit '' ( that is , there is some benefit even if it is less than the costs ) and saying `` people also benefit from politicians '' ( suggesting the most people get a net benefit from their government ) . 
  maybe that 's not what you were suggesting , but that 's how it came across and personally , i am not for cutting government programs , but it has to be acknowledged that a lot of people get less out of the system than they put in . 
  if all government did was the most basic requirements you describe above , taxes would be a ** lot ** lower . 
   the people also benefit from the politicians a lot of people would not agree with that statement . 
   what of those countries where they showed up uninvited that now can not be safely lived in for decades if ever ? 
  which imaginary countries are you referring to ? 
   until they can be sent home once the conflict is over what of those from countries where they can not be safely be sent home for decades , if ever ? 
  the question was `` why do they want to go to england '' . 
  the answer given was `` they want to go to england because they speak english '' your statement : ( that 's bullshit because they could do something else if they wanted ) does n't in any way refute the validity of the answer , or of their reasoning . 
  choosing a country to migrate to because you can speak the language is an absolutely valid reason . 
  i certainly chose in this way . 
  they can speak english , so they migrate to england, 
   beneluxden can into nordic ? 
  ireland is one of the only countries without red or blue in the flag : [ map ] ( https://i.imgur.com/p9iu8n7.png ) [ source ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2badjx/map_of_countries_whose_flags_contain_red_or_blue/ ), 
  on a quite literal level yes . 
  i think everyone would recognise the point i 'm making ( we are worried about russia , and it 's not paranoia ) edit : no , you 're right . 
  i forget there are a lot/quite probably a majority of people here for whom english is n't the first language . 
  i should n't rely on subtext . 
  well a ) it 's not paranoia and b ) yes we fucking do . 
  source : eastern europe, 
  that 's the joke . 
  the optimist is saying things can still get worse , they 're not as bad as they could be, 
  president bartlet : the mideast reminds me of that old joke about the optimist and the pessimist . 
  the pessimist says , `` it ca n't get any worse ! '', 
  the optimist says , `` oh yes it can ! '', 
  ( the west wing ), 
  the banks do n't have money to function . 
  they need to get a loan , or make a new currency, 
  syriza has two options * accept whatever offer is made . 
  * leave the euro, 
   public bank ? 
  what are you talking about . 
  give me an example of what you call a public bank ? 
  a state owned bank , a bank owned by the general public ( as opposed to a private bank ) . 
   give me an example of what you call a public bank ? 
  aib is 99.8 % owned by the state . 
  you appear to be in favour of governments running deposit accounts that they will guarantee . 
  so i ask again , why ca n't these accounts offer interest ? 
  do n't you get that they will in turn be investing the money ? 
   and one thing is for sure if you were my financial advisor i 'd definitely just stick to the zero interest debit card !, 
  you have n't answered why a public bank ca n't / should n't offer an interest rate on deposits as private banks do . 
  lower interest for current accounts , and higher interest for savings accounts . 
  i do n't get why you 'd be advocating for 0 % ? 
  you still seem to think that money deposited is going to sit in a safe , not be invested in turn . 
  ( i note you 're no longer talking about the ratings agencies ? ), 
  you seem like you 're here more to pick and win argument than discuss the topic at hand . 
  to each his own i guess . 
  of course not . 
  it 's rating has been been consistently downgraded since 2009 . 
  when are you saying it was incorrectly rated without being downgraded ? 
   was n't greece rated wrongly ? 
  when ? 
  obviously every time the rating agencies drop a country 's rating , they 're doing it because they 're of the opinion that the current rating for that is at that time incorrect . 
  that 's why ratings change . 
   subprime aaa rating ? 
  these related to private banks , not countries , and only enforces my point that government guarantees for private banks is flawed . 
  the rating system is n't perfect , but that 's not nearly the same thing as saying it 's not useful . 
   there 's this debit utility being developed that gives citizen an option to avoid using banks . 
  if you have a problem with that being developed then i ca n't help you . 
  what have i said that makes you think i have a problem with it ? 
  i 'm all for it , however there 's no reason it should offer 0 % interest , for the reasons i have outlined above . 
   ... yet is happened !, 
  what has happened ? 
  the bailouts ? 
  of course they did , because of these guarantees for the private banks . 
  the points you 're missing : there is no comparison between a obviously risky bailout of a country in severe economic peril and diversified investment in national bonds that have good credit ratings . 
  there 's no reason why guaranteed savings in a public bank can not return interest , either a smaller amount for more easily accessible funds , or a somewhat larger amount for funds held in savings . 
  a diversified investment in national bonds that have good credit ratings has been a proven safe investment for decades . . 
  the `` plenty of tax payer money '' that has been lent to greece ( and ireland before ) was a bailout with inherent risk , not a diversified investment in healthy government bonds . 
  why would you conflate investing guaranteed depositor funds in diversified national bonds to an obviously risky , not guaranteed bailout of another country ? 
   governments are n't debit accounts , you pledge your savings over an agreed period , 10yr , 5yrs etc. 
  and early withdrawal means you lose the interest . 
  they wo n't need all the money on hand at any one time . 
  they calculate how much they 'll need at any time , and invest the rest . 
  are you suggesting the money in these eu debit accounts wo n't int turn be invested by the eu ? 
   it does n't pay interest because it 's not a bank . 
  bank pays interest to attract deposits , they then use these deposits make loans . 
  for example a bank will pay 1 % on a deposit but charge 3 % on a loan . 
  they pay that 1 % to you and the 2 % is their profit . 
  that 's their business model , they 're not a charity or social welfare . 
   the eu debit account will not pay depositors because it is not a bank !, 
  the money in the eu debit account is n't going to sit in a room either . 
  even at the return from government bonds , there 's still a return . 
  there 's no reason some ca n't be shared with the depositors . 
   it wo n't pay interest while the interest rate is 0 % and private banks are still guaranteed it 's not really going to encourage many people to change . 
  but then i suspect that 's by design due to lobbying by private banking/investment groups .
