   there is a plan to create a simple deposit account with debit cards for each eu citizen as an option to private banking . 
  that 's a start to what i 'm talking about . 
   private banks own loads of government bonds so ? 
  they own these bonds because they consider them to be a good investment . 
  it 's not like they mean they require the government to then guarantee the banks  in a lot of countries part of the pension funds are re-invested through private banks  salaries , pensions are paid through the banking system . 
   a mass default would mean those savings are either lost or , if in the guaranteed ceiling , paid back by the state from the national budget . 
  but if a government announced it far enough in advance that depositors could choose to either move to the guaranteed option , or stay with the unguaranteed option . 
  there would be a switchover period of several years where both were guaranteed . 
   the government can invest this money in other low risk investments   do you mean in national bonds put out by other nations ? 
  totally safe , as current events have proven . 
  a * diversified investment * in national bonds put out by other nations ? 
  are you suggesting that 's not a low risk investment ? 
  ( especially by comparison to trusting private banks to put the national interest before their own ? ), 
   as far as i know , there are no such things as nationally owned banks ( not anymore ) . 
  the national bank of < country  is more of a regulatory body and macro-economical structure than an bank . 
  for sure it 's not involved in retail operations . 
  for the past few years , aib has been 99.8 % state owned . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/allied_irish_banks ) . 
  i do n't see why the irish government should sell it back to private ownership , have the profits in the good times go to those private owners , and still be on the hook the next time it needs a bailout next time the bad times roll in . 
   the state itself borrows money from the private banks if states started to implement this , they could choose either to borrow from other public banks , or from other private banks ? 
   or another nato member ? 
  i noted you did n't put a ( lol ) after turkey ? 
  it 's absolutely imaginable that greece and turkey would find themselves in a live conflict in the forseeable future . 
   and every eu member would be in on it if they got attacked . 
  how many other countries would be ` in on it ' if turkey moved to annex cyprus from an armiless greece ? 
  you were n't accused of being a nazi . 
  however you should be aware that stormfront types do indeed vote brigade immigration themed / r/europe posts, 
   the entire idea behind refugees are that they 're fleeing death patently untrue . 
  even for those claiming asylum ( ignoring others who make your statement even more untrue ) , asylum requires only an escape from persecution ( not necessarily death ) . 
  would you be willing to put your family though a journey that they may or may not survive to an outcome that is absolutely unknown ( including being sent right back to where they started from ) to escape persecution , when you can go yourself , secure a foothold , and then bring them over in relative safety ? 
  i 'm not sure that 's an easy question to answer . 
  i 'd be willing to risk my own life for my family , i 'm not sure i 'd be willing to risk theirs . 
  the same often happened in the us from the very beginning . 
  poor male immigrants would go first , since it 's easier to get work without having to accommodate their families in a new country too ( and since the cost of emigrating is substantial to poor families ) . 
  the families would then follow . 
  exactly . 
  the correct headline would be : countries can make laws that make websites responsible for users ' comments, 
  who put out that ad ? 
  oh , i know , but that wo n't stop many from saying `` why are the foreigners getting the bbc cheaper than british people ?? '', 
  i agree , but would n't this also have the potential of falling foul of ` the spirit of the single market ' ( fees in one area , but not another ) ? 
  i guess if they introduced in such a way as to explain it was the foreign viewers equivalent to the tv license, 
  how much is the british tv license ? 
  google said ~ # 150 ? 
  1/4 of that would be # 37.50 , or 3.125 ( call it # 4 per month ) . 
  there would be a huge market for that . 
  i guess the only downside is a lot of english people would pretty quickly want to pay the ` foreign ' rate , rather than their own rate, 
   i 'm pretty sure that 's actually official , is it not ? 
  no , it 's not official . 
  the only thing the [ community rules ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/wiki/community_rules ) say about language is :  we request that users who post non-english articles also post a translation ( even if just a machine translation ) to help the forum engage with the post . 
  however , this is only a request , and posts will not be removed for this reason . 
  i think it 's fair to say the same applies to comments . 
  it 's a request , not a rule . 
   this subreddit 's official language is english , to be fair . 
  yes , and / u/dclauzel posted an english translation . 
  so i do n't see how anyone would have an issue with he/she also posting in his/her native language  not sure what connection you 're trying to make about the fact this is thread about neo-nazis though , elaborate ? 
  this submission is a joke at the expense of people who do n't want england to be a part of europe . 
  it 's more than a little funny that there are comments that expect the comments to be `` english only '', 
  * why are you writing in english ? 
  * edit : you 're asking why people from france are not writing in english , in / r/europe , in a thread about neo-nazis not wanting england to be part of europe ? 
   private well with an electric pump pumping water to your taps is still quite common in the swedish countryside as well . 
  had n't even realized that it did n't count as running water . 
  the same applies for rural ireland , and i would assume most other countries . 
  i think it 's very inaccurate to describe people who have on demand water in their homes , but are n't connected to the government-run water network as not having running water, 
  jumping off an ever present rescue boat in a survival suit is about as close to seeing the issue from the other side as splashing in the shallow end of a swimming pool . 
  if she wanted to see the issue from the other side , she could ditch the suit and the rescue boat and go to turkey , get in a small , old , ill equipped and over crowded boat and make the crossing to greece, 
  it 's funny that the author bemoans `` sixth-form debates '' , then trots out `` arguments '' for which average sixth-form student would rightly be embarrassed . 
   but immigrant groups nearly always want to stick together . 
  when you look at something as a group , you 're surprised it `` wants to stick together '' ? 
  change the sentence to `` but immigrants nearly always want to stick together '' , and immediately it becomes much less true . 
  immigrant parents generally want the best quality of life for their children . 
  there ** are ** issues with integration that create an environment where extremist ideology can take root , regardless of whether the author wants to ignore them or underplay them . 
   given that politicians like ms sturgeon insist that islamist terror has nothing to do with islam , is n't it strange that their first port of call after any islamist attack is always the local mosque ? 
  no it 's not strange at all . 
  since the point she 's making is that she acknowledges that blowing people up has no more to do with islam than it does with any other religion . 
  why does the author find it strange that she is showing solidarity with a minority which are wrongly being grouped with people they do nothing other than share a religion with ? 
   the problem of islamic extremism is caused -- astonishingly enough -- by islamic extremism . 
  see also : `` war is caused by war '' ; `` poverty is caused by poverty '' . 
  this sentence pretty well summarises how poorly the author understands the issues he 's writing about . 
  maybe german is different but , in english at least , `` humans '' does n't evoke any more sympathy than `` people '', 
   $ 400,000 is paid per year per refugee how much of that $ 400,000 goes to services seen by the refugees ? 
  and not just directly to the transfield services for running the detention centres / the host governments for hosting them ? 
  you 're giving the $ 400,000 number like it 's proof of how humane these detention centres are . 
  it 's not . 
  explanation of the different meanings for an english only speaker ? 
  you 're seeing hypocrisy where there is none . 
  liberal high tech workers can expect a good wage and good social services at the same time . 
  that 's why we elect politicians to close loopholes so corporations pay the correct levels of corporate tax . 
  edit : you 're aware we 're in / r/europe ? 
  i 'm not sure what relevance the inhabitants of silicon valley , or bernie sanders supporters ( above ) have, 
  the only people who would argue poland ceased to exist would have been the german and russian governments of the day / their sympathisers . 
   it is misleading in this case . 
  would you say that allies stormed french coastal defenses on d-day ? 
  no , you would not , you would say they stormed nazi/german defenses in france/normandy . 
  would i say it ? 
  probably no . 
  as you say , i would say they stormed german defenses . 
  however would it be incorrect to say ? 
  absolutely no . 
  when you say `` french coastal defenses '' you could either mean defenses of the french coast , or french defenses of the coast . 
  neither is incorrect .
