for now , but merkel has said she will keep bringing them in . 
  now consider that european birth rate has plummeted due to leftist ideology and emasculation , while muslim immigrant birthrate is unreal . 
  multiple wives are allowed in islam and bearing multiple children is very important to their culture . 
  they do n't have to go to war with you . 
  hell , merkel does n't even need to bring any more in . 
  they 'll just simply breed you into extinction . 
  my point is germany is n't importing millions of christian ugandans, 
  was n't it a catholic priest that first theorized the big bang ? 
  what eu has now with the migrant crisis will surely be worse for the economy than anything else . 
  i 'm sure the media portrays pediga just as honestly as they portray immigrants . 
  yet the government will be deafly silent if those same children get raped by an immigrant . 
  you can still be if you live in the m/e, 
  maybe the left should n't willingly fail and ignore its native people . 
  that 's what lead to hitler 's rise in the first place . 
  let me guess , you 're referring to politifact ? 
  the `` fact checker '' that is owned by a media company that has n't endorsed a republican for the top 3 offices for decades ? 
  also , trump polls higher with educated republicans when the poll is n't live person http://www.cnbc.com/2015/12/22/why-trumps-support-is-even-stronger-than-you-think.htm the reason for this is similar to what 's going on in sweden . 
  many people are afraid to admit that they 're trump supporters because they fear being harassed by liberals . 
  also , if you actually look at past polling demographics , democrats almost always do better with the high school dropout vote and the high school only vote . 
  interesting enough , republicans tend to do higher with the college graduate vote . 
  democrat educated vote is also skewed due to many of the `` educated '' demographics being useless degrees such as liberal arts , music , art , gender studies , and other social science degrees . 
  & nbsp ; interesting that you 're so focused on us politics and watching trump `` take down america '' when your own government had destroyed your country . 
  maybe if you put as much effort into your own politics as you do ours , you would n't have your native women being raped and sexually assaulted in droves, 
  we 're commenting in a thread about the actual swedish police covering up immigrant sexual assault because they did n't want a political party to look good . 
  scientology , feminist , muslim , and modern liberal ideology depends on people not doing their research . 
  i guess reality has a conservative bias now though, 
  i agree with many things trump says , some things i do n't . 
  if the media was n't so biased , many people would feel the same ( and they do when they actually research trump policies ) but if you do n't think immigration control is more important than social justice policies , then enjoy watching your social justice polices burn anyways . 
  the only difference is the native women will be raped and beaten into submission of wearing the hijab , gays and trans will be executed for being considered abominations to their god , and everyone else will be forced to convert to islam or die . 
  do n't believe me ? 
  well that 's how they do it in the countries your importing immigrants from . 
  you do n't want to give up your liberal ideologies , and they do n't want to give up their islamic ideologies . 
  the only difference is , increasing immigration and immigrant breeding means they 're on the road to getting their way , not you . 
  i agree , but that argument is only possible b3cause leftists have used it to attack anyone who says something they do n't agree with . 
  to the point where someone simply saying `` h. . . hey guys , maybe we should n't be letting so many immigrants in without know anything about them '' is `` literally hitler '', 
  yeah i am . 
  controlling our immigration is more important than a bunch of butthurt leftists, 
  i 'd say hiding rape because the perpetrators were muslim while labeling anyone who brings it up a `` nazi '' is pretty corrupt, 
  that 's the beauty of trump 's campaign though . 
  he 's used the media to get america addicted to him . 
  now it does n't matter if they ignore him , his word can and will reach the masses . 
  even if they do n't support him , they still tune into debates to see him , go to his energetic rallies , watch his interviews , and check his twitter . 
  then when he talks about these things , unaware people go `` lmao what an idiot , saying there 's mass sexual assault in europe by immigrants '' -  checks google -  `` wtf ?!? 
  this is actually happening ? 
  why is n't the american news posting this left and right ? '', 
  -  realizes trump is n't as crazy as the media claims -  new trump 2016 supporter, 
  so you 're being forced to become the immigrant . 
  you seriously ca n't make this shit up . 
  lmao , that 's a grown ass man . 
  except for a sub to hate on fat people . 
  that was too triggering, 
  yet . 
  we do n't have the problem at european scale yet . 
  but san bernardino among other has proven that america is n't immune to islamic radicalism . 
  this is why so many are now skeptical of bring more in . 
  because native women are n't as high on the tolerance totem pole, 
  no party is perfect , but do you want swedish women being raped or do you want to give up multicultural arts classes ? 
  europeans have been indoctrinated by liberal agendas for decades . 
  told how to think . 
  how to feel . 
  that anyone who disagrees with them is a `` racist '' , `` xenophobic '' , and/or a '' neonazi '' . 
  to the point where it 's almost a religion to some of them . 
  something they do n't even question . 
  & nbps ; now , imagine finding out that your ideology was horribly wrong . 
  that those you demonized for years were right . 
  that your ideology that you believed so much was flawed . 
  that your ideology is causing your people ( especially women ) great harm . 
  & nbsp ; that can be a very hard pill for someone to swallow . 
  he should be tried for treason, 
  if you sweden does n't stand up now while the problem is still possibly fixable , then everything you and your ancestors build will be gone . 
  that 's not even fear mongering, 
  they will breed with their women , and they will breed with swedish women , whether the swedish women want to or not . 
  except for all the hiding muslim immigrant crimes , of course, 
  liberals will burn in a blaze of glory before they give up their immigrants, 
  the german elites would never allow another party to rise if it had even a hint of right wing in it . 
  that is , until it gets to a point when the german leftists can no longer contain the german sharia party, 
  google is just as censorship happy as europe, 
  aaand removed , of course . 
  luckily i saw it before it was removed . 
  the only concrete step is to rustle a few jimmies . 
  first they were temporary guest workers . 
  then it was a multi-racial experiment . 
  then they were refugees . 
  then , the answer to a shrinking population . 
  different excuses , different lies -- and , asylum is just another one . 
  i hope germany can survive that long ... 
  we will build statues and write hymns of their sacrifice ... :(, 
  [ so the quote is real , then ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1e59v2473a ) i swear , trump hair truthers ... 
  by importing votes . 
   build a fence at the border [ i have a better idea ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wrocg1z.jpg ), 
  you 're right , a [ wall would be better ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wrocg1z.jpg ), 
  unfortunately this is the result of allowing political correctness to take over your country . 
  we saw it in rotherham , uk , and we 're starting to see it here . 
  anyone who was protesting refugees was being labeled as `` racist '' and `` nazis '' by their peers , media , and the government ( it was even seen on this sub ) . 
  i 'm not condoning the way it was handled at all , but do n't act surprised when police and government are afraid of being labeled `` nazis '' too . 
  well sounds like you guys need to start arming up your police . 
  well , germany seems to be helping the us elect it 's new president . 
  maybe we 'll annex you guys into the holy trump empire . 
  if you can prove your worth ,
