  this is a misleading title . 
  it should be tagged as such . 
  so put them in prison and confiscate their property to compensate the owners for the full amount . 
  prices of goods and services fluctuate all the time . 
  why should farmers enjoy some sort of special position relative to the rest of us ? 
  so put them in prison and confiscate their property to compensate the owners for the full amount . 
  prices of goods and services fluctuate all the time . 
  why should farmers enjoy some sort of special position relative to the rest of us ? 
  but who will make cheeap icecreams now ? 
  really ? 
  i 've got a medical ethics textbook on my shelf . 
  intentionally inflicting bodily harm on someone without their consent, 
  it 's not . 
  the helsinki convention is perfectly clear on this topic . 
  i 'd love to see your alternative interpretation . 
  the original comment said * any book * . 
  all i need is one . 
  do n't know about any of that . 
  the relevant point is that the chapter about the helsinki convention is unambiguous regarding this issue . 
  that should be declaration . 
  translated it wrong . 
  my bad . 
  does n't really go into that much detail . 
  the closest it gets is invasive life saving measures in an urgent situation . 
  i 'm surprised the hydro has decreased . 
  has the weather in germany been that much drier than here in slovenia ? 
  we 've had record levels of rain this year - a lot of hydro . 
  fight !, 
  fight !, 
  fight !, 
  fight !, 
  do you have any idea how much commercial damage that would do ? 
  nobody 's closing any borders unless there 's a good reason for it . 
  this is n't it . 
  turkey already enjoys free access to the european market, 
  it makes it more expensive, 
  that 's weird plane . 
  this one 's better : http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-ztf_m-vsub8/up8x54wtbmi/aaaaaaaatpi/p-ywypg8k9a/s1600/cut-in-half-02-washingbrain.net.jpg, 
  slovenia into forgotted again, 
  such is life, 
  probably just embalmed for multiple use . 
  mine 's fresh . 
  in other news : cca . 
  70 people died in traffic accidents in the eu in the past 24 hours, 
  why are we giving these fuckers free media time ? 
  if they want attention , they should pay for advertising with some of that oil money . 
  they 're somebody else 's muslims now . 
  50 years of stagnation and no marshal plan ? 
  i 4th that . 
  still funny though . 
  in iraq , not syria, 
  this will pay off in a very big way for german industry down the line . 
  exporting the tech and know-how is one thing , but there 's also the benefit of not leaking massive amounts of money to russia and the mid-east in exchange for rotting dinosaur flesh . 
  what next war ? 
  you already rule europe . 
  do n't get greedy . 
  the public gets well paying , steady industrial jobs and tax revenue from the profits . 
  also , protecting the planet , bla bla bla, 
  we have [ these for houses now !, 
  ] ( http://www.labccymru.co.uk/contentimages/landlord_energy_performance_certificate_example23-19-08.jpg ), 
  yes . 
  i 'm not german btw, 
  in parallel , the turkish government is giving the support to islamists in every post-arab spring theatre . 
  i do n't understand . 
  * dinner, 
  not very many people died in that earthquake - about 10 or 11 including 3 children . 
  if you could find a list of fatalities , that should probably do it . 
  i tried to find a list of names online , but gave up after about an hour . 
  i 'm afraid you may be stuck with hard-copy . 
  i really love the one with grandpa giotto . 
  do n't worry . 
  when we colonise the solar system , we 'll put all these little guys in a museum . 
  safe and sound . 
  this a human we 're talking about . 
  balance of probability says idiot . 
  about space and culture :, 
  [ the cultural centre of european space technologies ] ( http://www.ksevt.eu/site/ksevt_eng/institute/ ), 
  [ pictures ] ( http://www.archdaily.com/310664/cultural-center-of-eu-space-technologies-dekleva-gregoric-arhitekti-sadar-vuga-ofis-architects-bevk-perovic-arhitekti/ ), 
  have you considered [ the magic of reality ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_magic_of_reality ) ? 
  when you piss off that many powerful people , you must be doing something right, 
  i 'm really curious about why the us and canada do n't have something resembling the schengen agreement . 
  has anything like that been proposed ? 
  is this on polandbal anywhere ? 
  the internet will be going strong long after this moron 's bones have turned to dust . 
  i 'm vaccinated against polio , so not my problem . 
  there is no chance for a peace deal - period . 
  israel holds absolutely all the cards . 
  they have no objective reason to agree to anything less than total capitulation by the palestinians . 
  they have military control over the west bank on land and in the sky , the have total dominance over gaza in the air , in the sea and on the land borders , they are not threatened by any neighbouring nation ( egypt , jordan , syria ) , they have a successful innovation driven economy - which no significant country in the world will sanction . 
  realistically , there wo n't be any form of palestine . 
  the most that might be achieved is some form of local autonomy within a greater israel and normal civil rights for palestinians as israely citizens . 
  since the palestinian side ca n't accept that for a number of reasons , there will be no peace deal - period . 
  israel won 2 wars against the arab states , neither of which it started . 
  when you start 2 wars and lose them , that has consequences . 
  edit : also , i 'm not blaming anyone . 
  i 'm just saying that this is what the reality is . 
  reality trumps moralization every time . 
  over 1,5 million already have it, 
  yes . 
  much like the cia , apparently .
