  also , people desperately needed to gore food . 
  they would remove forests even in bad terrain in order to do so . 
  nowadays , there 's plenty of food and the farmland in the roughest terrain is being abandoned to reforestation . 
  yes , but land costs money . 
  arable land with the requisite rainfall , temperature and mechanisation costs more money . 
  this is where the map comes in . 
  electricity is obscenely cheaper than any bio-based hydrocarbons . 
  since the vast majority of journeys are well within the range of existing and forthcoming evs , i think that will be the dominant variant for personal transport . 
  ethanol will be a niche fuel for heavy duty mechanisation and long haul transport . 
  also , any internal combustion engine will have a massive number of moving parts compared to an ev --  more maintenance . 
  i love the arrows at the bottom . 
  just in case anyone thought they were looking at a vacuum cleaner . 
  i 'm not sure he 's pandering . 
  i think you might be the fundamentalist . 
  edit : it should be * he * instead of * you * . 
  that 'll teach me to use speech to text and neglect to check the result . 
  if it 's good enough for cern , it 's good enough for mapporn . 
  i just noticed that . 
  it was a speech to text mistake . 
  it should read * he * instead of * you * . 
  point is , i thibk the guy is sincere . 
  now i know why i got downvoted . 
  i wonder who hates him more , the taliban or the pentagon ? 
  if that happens we become part of the ecosystem and they have to look after our habitat = clean up after us . 
  reforestation , i thin you 'll find . 
  as a european , i call bullshit . 
  these idiots make outrageous claims all the time . 
  nobody will skip any caffe visits over this propaganda piece . 
  not in monetary terms , but they loose influence over the estonian seat at nato and the eu council chamber . 
  priceless !, 
  you know that all the lines proved completely useless , right ? 
  also , how should america s react to the weekly threats of annihilation coming from best korea ? 
  this is less credible . 
  if you live in a western country it 's most likely illegal to lend them money off the moment . 
  well , we 're doing europa 's bigger cousin , ganymede . 
  ok , i genuinely do n't know what you mean . 
  explain ? 
  you know , i 'm beginning to think that the taliban are n't the good guys in this story . 
  the eu does n't have a policy regarding immigration from third countries . 
  it can not be held responsible for the shirts form that is immigration from outside europe . 
  still waiting for you to admit you 're getting paid by the kremlin . 
  if this goes too far , pharma may quit the patent system and go back to trade secrecy . 
  research gets dampened . 
  prices skyrocket . 
  everybody looses . 
  it would n't murder shale . 
  it would put it on ice until the price, 
  rises above 55 again . 
  the tech is out there and getting better every year . 
  you ca n't put the genie back in the bottle . 
  where exactly does oil consumption increase in response to lower prices ? 
  yup . 
  7:00 to 15:00 moscow time . 
  and that brings us back to * better to sell it cheaper than lose the industry . 
  the iss partnership minus russia , plus korea and perhaps some other latecomers . 
  we could start by eliminating the tax free status for religious organisations . 
  we could ban advertising campaigns targeted at minors . 
  there 's an entire universe of options out there . 
   bad idea . 
  why ? 
  corporations are n't allowed to take advantage of minors when it comes to the marketing of nicotine , alcohol or thc . 
  why should religion be any different ? 
  you mean [ these uk developments ? 
  ] ( http://www.newsweek.com/twice-many-british-muslims-fighting-isis-armed-forces-265865 ), 
  i 'm quite sure you 're not allowed to advertise porn to minors . 
  to be fair , they have n't been trying very hard for the past ten . 
  it 's quite hypocritical . 
  he seems to be fine with candidate status and the money that comes with it , but when he gets criticised as a leader of a candidate nation for a series of raids on critical press outlets , that 's not acceptable to him . 
  you ca n't have it both ways . 
  * a cumbersome burden for generations to come . 
  and the trade footprint of belgium . 
  just noticed that you 're not supposed to change titles on this sub . 
  should i delete it ? 
  thanks for the info . 
  til, 
  140 million russians might be * a little * interested , and it 's not like they can get this information on tv, 
  i think that might be the problem to begin with . 
  they said in the press conference yesterday that the lander will be coming back in early 2015 . 
  the lander scientist who argued for a more ambitious landing site also seemed really happy with the position near a cliff for a number of reasons . 
  here 's the full video . 
  you ca n't really drop a dvd player . 
  those get smuggled in through china . 
  the wakeup is expected in early 2015 and should last through perihelion . 
  this could turn out to be a blessing in disguise . 
  they had that option before hibernation but decided to elevate and rotate it instead . 
  apparently , the scientists really like the new location . 
  plenty of geological variety and the ability to survive through perihelion . 
  there was just no way that they would have been allowed to land here on purpose for obvious reasons . 
   and is a twitcher . 
  huh ? 
  thanks . 
  unless you factor in a large sea level rise in the atlantic . 
  in that case , you do n't change anything inside the mediterranean . 
  global warming to the rescue !, 
  being a global power is n't all glits and glamour . 
  it was politically untenable last time . 
  the best way to make it politically attractive is to attack israel . 
  they can put that on his gravestone . 
  wo n't be long now . 
  i think it might have been civilisation which has adapted .
