  their way of life never had a chance anyway . 
  aha ... so you like to use words without understanding what they mean ? 
  then i guess you can help me to understand how the concept of fascism applies in this context ? 
  nice job on using a word with links to the one you should have used, 
  that 's slovenia . 
  you fucked up . 
  fascism has never had anything to do with breeding licenses . 
  fess up to it and move on . 
  it 's like someone dropped a phone into water at this point . 
  you 're just being silly , really . 
  the meaning of words which pretain to important historical movements does not amount to nothing . 
  it amounts to something . 
  people who use the word fascism to describe anything and anyone they do n't like are complicit in diluting the lessons which should be drawn form the events of the twentieth century . 
  language matters . 
  without it , we 're all just barking at each other . 
  to the extent this need an ss :, 
  not long ago , it looked as if the us would bring a considerable portion of the asia-pacific deep into its economic sphere of inluence . 
  since the tpp was not only discarded , but also completely rejected by practically the entire political spectrum in america , this prospect is well and truly dead . 
  so what happens now ? 
  one obvious option is a china centered order in the area . 
  the problem is that many of the nations there find this prospect less than agreeable . 
  given that south korea already has an fta with the eu , that negotiations with vietnam have concluded , given that talks with singapore are ongoing , the completion of a japan-eu fta begins to look significant . 
   you 're a damn fool if you think everyone who prescribes to a religion perfectly adheres to your perception of it . 
  not everyone , but enough to synchronise the maps you see above . 
   is it some kind of offering, 
  like a cat that brings you a dead bird ? 
  i used to be easier . 
  that 's not fair to tillerson . 
  he 's just an oil guy - evil , sure , but not at the bannon level . 
  complexity does n't play well in a referendum context . 
  simplicity does . 
  for the lazy, 
  this is not a long or complicated article . 
  please go and read it before commenting . 
  [ planned obsolescence : why things do n't last ] ( https://youtu.be/toifn8er0ro ), 
  funny thing is that this was meant to happen along with the us lifting its blockade . 
  interesting times . 
  china 's reliable while trump 's america is n't . 
  in the world of international relations , that counts for a lot more than , well , just about anything else . 
  they do n't need a trade deal if they 're already in the uk, 
  presumably the japanese factories will benefit from the fta . 
  not sure why this fta would have any legal impact on the uk based facilities though . 
  shitheads who just want to see the world burn . 
  it 's an american publication ... they have to make it about them - it 's the law . 
  when this happened under bush , the eu responded by targeting the economies of presidential swing states . 
  bush backed off . 
  when ? 
  does tusk even have the power to comply with such a request ? 
  this seems like the sort of ad hoc issue that would require a council vote - potentially even unanimous approval . 
  at some point , the british government should really consider hiring a lawyer . 
  i 'm up for a beer . 
  i 'm actually planning to spend a few months in the netherlands next year , so i 'd be interested in an information exchange :-), 
  a war in the middle east ? 
  that would make for a big change , would n't it ? 
  capitalists compeeting for the chance to make money ? 
  how shocking !, 
  would n't it be enough to simply bolster belarus as a somehwat neutral actor ? 
  i get that kaliningrad is highly militarised , but presumably you could mount a very confident defence on such a narrow front . 
  when the stupid idea you voted for is executed badly by the inept politicians you elected , you hold responsibility for the outcome . 
  as a matter of fact , the eu actually export more food than it imports . 
  not sure what the state by state brakedown is though . 
  eu regulations do n't forbid the sale of mis-shapen produce . 
  they meerly define a standard system of classification which is needed for trading . 
  the fact that stores wo n't sell fruit and veg below the very top classification is their private business decision - presumably based on consumer behaviour . 
  holy shit that looks bad ... 
  i do n't know that it 's actually that bad , but it looks really bad . 
  everyone who voted was an adult at the time . 
  everyone gets lied to all the time . 
  that 's no excuse . 
  we 're expected to be able to deal with that reality and granted rights based on that expectation ... arguably , voting is one of them . 
  it 's bad optics - especially given the general `` lack of a plan '' atmosphere, 
  really ? 
  given that iran and saudi are on the same page about this , it seems unlikely that qatar would be what breaks it . 
  except they did n't get anything for themselves - that 's the brexit surprise, 
   i 'm japanese living in slovenia, 
  hi neighbour :d, 
  given how things have been moving thus far , it seems quite optimistic to hope for the final two . 
  it 's a reuters story . 
  i would 've posted the original , but reurters has really ugly formatting on some of its releases . 
  back when it was arguably the least bad option, 
  there 's also the issue of the disconnect . 
  the things the public want done very often do n't lead to the results the public want delivered . 
  same here . 
  friedman is useless on europe , stratfor 's eurasia guy seems quite good though . 
  or just do n't call a referendum on a question which is too complex for a layman to understand . 
  dealing with issues like this is exactly why we have representative democracy to begin with : people who are paid to look at complex matters of public policy full time . 
  the entire war was pointless . 
  please google the term representative democracy . 
  project fake fearful reality, 
  sure , why not, 
  you only needed a 3 point swing, 
  the trench warfare around kyoto was particulatry terrible . 
  breaking point !, 
  i expected the numbers to be far higher . 
  i guess we aint seen nothin yet in terms of disruptive automation . . plenty of room to grow here . 
   these countries were never meant to join nato, 
  what does that even mean ? 
  well , in russia , the constitutional framework is more of a pro-forma thing . 
  there 's no treaty to this effect . 
  moreover , the ussr was in no position to stop the berlin wall from coming down .
