  i 'm not smart enough to be able to say how or on what level this should be tackled , but i 'm fairly confident that it 's a surmountable problem . 
   the reason i say that most of this stuff is n't complicated ... 
  so , i 'm not sure what you want here . 
  one law for all , or what ... at the end of the day it 's difficult to talk about this unless we get into specifics and i just do n't have the time ... which is sort of the point . 
  moreover , there may also be legitimate division of companies from sector to sector , not just by size ... an maybe others . 
  idk, 
   it 's not parmesan cheese unless it comes from parma . 
  that 's just trademark . 
  the idea is that people know what they 're buying when they reed the label . 
  i like trademarks . 
  it 's not a rolls royce unless it 's made by the company . 
  i think it 's good that traditional artisanal products get similar protection . 
   to be honest , the us and china are already dead . 
  just nobody knows it . 
  they 're both good at scaring people and that 's about it . 
  i think you 're dead wrong about that , but i respect the balls you must have to express that opinion and defend it . 
  ] ( http://www.freedomhouse.org/sites/default/files/mapoffreedom2014.pdf ), 
  western medicine is so barbaric, 
  the world will know that free men stood against a tyrant , that few stood against many and , before this battle is over , that even a god-king can bleed . 
  i thought they had enough pollution there already . 
  i 'll show myself out . 
  belgian government witchcraft is quite legendary in r/europe, 
  [ nominal gdp map was requested by in r/europe ] ( http://imgur.com/kmxkcce ), 
  [ ever heard of capitalism ? 
  you can always add a nice big airspace passage fee to that , 
  presumably the national air forces ... at least they + d be useful for once, 
  you can respond in different ways , but in actual fact , there is n't a private jet operator in the world that would side with switzerland in this scenario, 
  [ speaking of fiction ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tku_cjpr0jo ), 
  sure , but that happened in the morning, 
  yanukovych vs klitschko - that 's hardly fair, 
  i 'd say putin makes a great javert , but that would n't be fair to javert, 
  it 's not as good as it should be , but better than i thought, 
  this seems like the sort of thing that should get more media exposure - maybe once a year like the free press ratings , the corruption numbers etc. 
  polan doing anschluss, 
  people still tease scandinavians for the viking raids . 
  i suggest you get used to it for the time being . 
  well , europe needs a florida i guess . 
  that 's a clever stick . 
  now all we need is a carrot . 
  was n't there talk of an eu/imf financial package to replace the kremlin buyout ? 
  yanukovych really does n't want to need putin . 
  can you blame him ? 
  there 's a good chance he 's right . 
   rise humans , rise !, 
  so that you can then very quickly fall and never get up again ? 
  this is not a bad deal so long as it 's implemented . 
  it 's certainly not going to get any better . 
  be smart - take it !, 
  well , is he wrong ? 
  there 's been talk that he might ~ ~ take ~ ~ get ashton 's job when her term is up . 
  i hope it happens . 
  great find . 
  really ? 
  are there other examples ? 
  yes . 
  the european parliament will declare marshal law in ukraine , the commission will create an eu army and send it to kiev to kill everyone ... because reasons . 
  what is this , star wars ? 
  i 've heard this sort of thing before . 
  i find it to be insanely funny . 
  not sure why . 
  is there really no way to measure corruption which is n't basically an opinion poll . 
  being on the exporting end of colonisation has its perks . 
  * side effects may include 1500 years of continuous slaughter culminating in one or more world wars . 
  why would you shut down the internet when you want people to stay inside ? 
  that 's just silly . 
  [ full size here ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a1/k%c3%b6lner_dom_nachts_2013.jpg ), 
  the one planned for the ljubljana mosque is [ funny as well . 
  ] ( http://www.a10.eu/thumbs/file/3845/style_popup/1204272126/the%20courtyard.jpg ), 
  thank you so much for your effort . 
  this sort of submission is why i love the subreddit . 
  ohh ... that gave me brainfreeze, 
  its irresponsible to demonise the nazis . 
  if you say that they were monsters , that gives you permission to stop learning . 
  the fact is that they did n't look like monsters to most people at the beginning and the next example of them wo n't either . 
  edit : until it 's too late, 
  the question that we need an answer to is how do we prevent these sort of people from taking power again without the benefit of hindsight , which is never available when it could still make a difference, 
  most governments in europe act as a check on the market . 
  how effective they are differs and the optimality of their policies is debatable , but i have a hard time thinking of a country in europe were the disadvantaged would be better off without the government ( i focus on europe because my knowledge of how things work elsewhere is limited ), 
  this , of course , only speaks to the net effect and not the ideal , but even so , i think your jab is n't justified, 
  trieste for me ? 
  italy never miss . 
  he simply confirmed to the contemporary standards . 
  the nazis violated the existing human rights standards as practiced during ww1, 
  alexander did n't know better ; the idea of civilians being left out of a military conflict ( whenever possible ) just was n't available . 
  it was the norm in 20th century europe . 
  yea , i mean star trek has * memory alpha * and beta which are well linked with wikipedia articles on the same subjects . 
  having said that , i 'm an ardent inclusionist . 
  wikipedia guidelines are particularly touchy in regards to living persons - for legal reasons . 
  basically the foundation does n't want to deal with the costs of libel action unless there 's a good reason for the exposure, 
  it is n't perfect , but i can see why it is the way it is, 
  have you tried here ? 
  til, 
  seems i was wrong about why the blp exists . 
  please see the response to my above comment, 
  that is n't an independent site . 
  it 's one of many wikis hosted by wikia . 
  it 'll be around for a few years yet . 
  for the people who are n't able to read , there 's a video explaining it very clearly . 
  anyone who 's still confused , deserves to part with his money . 
  people on twitter were asking why our olympic colours included neon green so i showed them this .
