  it enforces rules of the road so that people can compete with one another for the good of the end consumer . 
  if you have sweetheart deals , the economy performs below its potential . 
  there is an / r/askeurope, 
  even so , they ca n't unilaterally modify the treaty relationship with the eu . 
  the treaties have a guillotine clause , which means something like this essentially nullifies all the other provisions of the relationship - if the eu invokes it . 
  given the position of switzerland , this seems to be in unwise move . 
  we 're likely to see a renegotiation , but the terms will almost certainly be less favourable to switzerland than the existing ones . 
  the eu is in a much stronger position to begin with , but it also needs to make an example of someone regarding the pick and choose principle right now, 
  this was a bad move, 
  2 wolves and a sheep voting on what 's for dinner ? 
  so is maintaining treaty integrity - a.k.a. 
  eu survival, 
  i understand that . 
  my point was that this may well be a price worth paying in order to prevent a flood of similar * pick and choose * scenarios from every country with a populist party . 
  the point of that metaphor is that democracy needs certain constitutional limits to prevent majority tyranny . 
  those limits are meaningless if you can simply get rid of them by a simple majority . 
  not directly related to thus specific vote , but an important principle nonetheless . 
  also , the fact that the us was the only place in the world with infrastructure left standing did n't hurt, 
  we turn a little brown over the summer, 
  populists essentially just parrot the opinion of the common man . 
  sounds nice , right ? 
  the problem is that the common man does n't know what he 's talking about . 
  issues of public policy take time and effort to understand - time and effort that most of us use at work and at home . 
  this is why we pay other people to deal with them on a full time basis . 
  populists do n't care about the substance of the issues , just that they get elected . 
  if implementing the popular policy ends up causing massive damage , who cares - it 's democratic !, 
  decisions this important should be thoughtful . 
  populism is n't, 
  no , i want democracy, 
  having said that , direct democracy grants the power to make governing choices to every voter . 
  this power comes with responsibility - to be informed and thoughtful in your decision making . 
  populism brakes this link and legitimizes power in the absence of responsibility, 
  so how do you prevent that when you can change your constitution with something very similar to a simple majority ? 
  i should just clarify here ,, 
  i was n't speaking specifically about this issue , but about the occurrence of populism more generally as per the comment above . 
  * but populism is democracy is n't it ? 
  i 've wondered why populists get this negative stigma on them , but all they do is air out some issues and let people decide on it . 
  does anyone know weather the commission can invoke the guillotine clause on its own or does it need consent from the council ? 
  if so , is it a qualified majority vote or a consensus vote ? 
  would you happen to know what the process of invoking the guillotine clause would look like ? 
  does it involve a consensus vote in the council or a qualified majority or is it jut a commission prerogative ? 
  turn it into a superpower ? 
  chinese is n't a language, 
  you can not stop an idea who 's time has come !, 
  [ yes , good , make them believe it ] ( http://www.crunchsports.com/category/olympics/sochi-2014-winter-olympics-mens-ice-hockey-slovenia-squad-and-tournament-predictions-201402100016/ ), 
  [ switzerland has altered the deal . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpe_xmricle ), 
  yes , 
  oh , i just noticed that you 're also the autor of the comment i responded to ... huh, 
  airbus has outdone itself, 
  well , switzerland :'(, 
  how do you mean ? 
  would you say that this specific case should be held up as a failing of the eu ? 
  i 'm puzzled regarding how this is an example of what you describe . 
  it 's essentially a civil r & d program which was passed by parliament in accordance with council decisions and in full view of anyone who cared enough to pay attention . 
  the fact that a blogger who works for the telegraph only noticed it now is hardly a point against the eu or the program . 
  a wider point may well be valid as you describe in the 1st and 2nd paragraph , but i do n't see this as an example of it . 
  we 're talking about funding the development of a technology which has massive legitimate potential in the civilian sphere . 
  developing a technology and using it against people in illegitimate ways are two different things . 
  you do n't tear up rail lines because they could potentially be used to carry out genocide . 
   the basic citizenry ca n't keep up with most of this . 
  that 's a concern which extends to a lot more than just the eu . 
  that 's why we pay people to deal with complicate policy issues on a full time basis as opposed to just having internet based referenda in the place of legislative institutions . 
   we should n't have to pay people to deal with complicated policy issues though . 
  this is something which we fundamentally differ on . 
  creating rules and making decision which effect millions of people in the context of a globalised economy , advancing technology , evolving cultural values etc. 
  is n't something people can realistically be expected to do * well * on a part-time basis . 
   it does n't make sense in a post cold war environment, 
  sure it does . 
  most of what the eu is , is a single market , which is vital to competing in a world of giants like the us , china , india , brazil . 
  there are certain things which are absolutely necessary in a single market , like common standards for products and services ( and the regulation which prescribes them - which may be quite long ) , and other thing which are n't essential , but make sense , like coordinated and or pooled r&d . 
  also , people should n't take peace for granted . 
  the historical record shows a near constant state of armed conflict in europe from the end of rome to the end of wwii . 
  the eu provides a framework where nations argue and sue each other to resolve conflicts - that makes sense , cold war or not . 
   it 'll just be a single monolithic , uncaring government going after a collected citizenry of multiple countries instead of simply a few countries or all of them fighting each other . 
  there wo n't be a mechanism to end it except from the outside . 
  basically , the average european citizen is hurt even more . 
  what on earth are you basing that on ? 
   everything you mentioned is n't complicated until byzantine laws of 1000 pages are created detailing bizarre people groups that one did n't know they were a part of just yet but are now . 
  i do n't understand what you mean . 
  could you give an example ? 
  what i meant was that it takes a certain amount of resources , human and otherwise , to implement something like [ this ] ( http://gigaom.com/2014/02/12/unlike-the-u-s-europe-doesnt-plan-to-mandate-connected-cars/ ) in a timely manner as circumstances change ( a past example was the gsm standard ) . 
  having said this , the eu administration has plenty of inefficiencies which should be dealt with - but lets keep things in perspective ; the entire eu budget is less than 1 % of gdp and about 5 % of that is spent on administration and it 's been decreasing lately . 
  not enough , but it has a way of getting overblown on occasion . 
   as far as the china , india , brazil , and us economic situations . 
  it 's overblown ... 
  i think you 're indulging in far more schadenfreude optimism than is justified by likely future developments . 
   the eu does n't really care about the average citizen, 
  my impression is that the parliament cares a great deal . 
  i find myself siding with them against the council and the commission more often than not . 
  more so the council though . 
   it 's goal is basically to keep up the life styles of those in power by giving them great economic leverage . 
  i do n't think that 's a fair assignment of blame . 
  for the most part , accumulation of wealth at the top is a consequence of market forces everywhere , eu or not . 
   it 's why despite it not helping the average person to import unskilled labor into the eu and let in countries with extremely different values and cultures they will do so . 
  presumably , you 're talking about the latest eastern enlargements . 
  the amount of good that the accession process did in the newer members and the amount of bad it prevented ( think of hungary ) is hard to quantify since we do n't have a clear counter-factual , but it 's substantial . 
  when it comes to migration , it 's more a matter of fair distribution . 
  freedom of movement has overall economic benefits . 
  the problem is that those benefits are n't fairly distributed .
