  nonlethal livestock protection measures , compensation for losses , a change in mentality/fear ... 
  i wonder if this might set off a few tropic cascades . 
  thoughts ? 
  they should consider a sheep dog . 
  they 're usually quite effective at deterring lone wolf raids . 
  packs almost never do this stuff . 
  not to mention a number of the outermost regions . 
  that 's the first i 've heard of it . 
  can anybody confirm this is real ? 
  just to respond to the banana law ... 
  the directive was put in place to make it easier to trade the fruit throughout europe ( from countries with large ports to landlocked countries for example ) . 
  as a result of media opposition , it was scrapped . 
  this was immediately condemned by retailers throughout the continent . 
  you can not have a common market without common standards for products . 
  i just do n't understand why people are so attached to the possibility of buying a defective banana . 
  is this a tradition in cz ? 
  it also wants other things, 
  it 's one thing to disagree with the particularities of a standard , but quite another to present it as an icon of absurdity . 
  this former regulation was put in place with the very reasonable intention of streamlining trade within the eu . 
  this is all to one side of the fact that i have yet to see evidence of anyone who actually has a material grievance in relation to it . 
  as far as i can tell this is all just empty libertarian rhetoric . 
  renewables are mostly used to produce electricity . 
  aside from small islands and emergency situations , oil does n't effect electricity prices . 
  because the oil is still flowing from both sides in libya . 
  cirenaika fits . 
  the rest , not so much . 
  i 'm really glad he does n't have a veto in the [ council chamber . 
  ] ( http://www.euspeak.eu/wp-content/uploads/council-of-the-european-unon.jpg ), 
  i , too , thought this was clever . 
  slovenia has 3 stars, 
   ussr collapsed and they threw the bums out ,, 
  except for that one kgb guy and his friends . 
  he was n't just ` involved ' in the ussr . 
  he was a high ranking kgb officer . 
  plenty of other post communist countries managed to find heads of state and government who were n't ` involved ' with the old regime in quite the same way . 
  juice might have a ganymede lander on it . 
  that would be really exciting . 
  it 's hardly subtle . 
  i might be wrong , but it seems to me that * competing cartel * is a contradiction in terms . 
  they 're fighting in the villages and hills around the city as well . 
  [ see ? 
  ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/b2dajvvcqaiq307.jpg:large ), 
  war seems to be the natural state of existence for humans . 
  peace is the abnormal artificial construction . 
  violence and poverty are two different things . 
  it is n't very useful to lump them together as if they were the same phenomenon . 
  it 's confusing . 
  it makes it more difficult to study them . 
  fair enough . 
  the question is how long . 
  also , that 's a year to date number . 
  and one from above showing the defence structure :, 
  [ click ] ( http://images.fotocommunity.com/photos/balkans/slovenia/bled-castle-slovenia-1b2eef8c-8e58-4801-bb03-79fe9b9c672e.jpg ), 
  sorry about that ... here 's a mirror :, 
  so it 's like you 're using the euro but ca n't see it . 
  they should judt call it ninja euro . 
  that is n't completely true . 
  if the ecb wanted to punish them they could just cut them off from the entire euro based financial system . 
  so far , they 've just sort of pretended that this is n't going on . 
  the same way it was done in relation to russia : by signing a piece of paper . 
  edit : i 'm not just making this stuff up btw . 
  there were credible and ultimately effective threats to this effect issued back in 2009 . http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=newsarchive&amp;sid=ae67vp2i7jp4, 
  was n't it just built on top of a pagan site ? 
  my point was : it 's complicated . 
  oh , and the full name of this group is :, 
  ** the trans-universal zombie church of the blissful ringing **, 
  i think fsm has a challenger . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  if you want these businesses to stay in prime locations , pay to make it happen . 
  the reality is that most people do n't care enough to put their money where their mouth is . 
  this would be an entirely different situation if we were talking about some type of disloyal competition , but that is n't the case here . 
  it 's just an obsolete , subsidy driven business model being replaced by a self sustaining functional alternative . 
  in response to the argument , that this is some sort of cultural treasure : maybe it is ( i do n't really care ) . 
  if so , why should the owners and maintainers of the buildings have to shoulder the burden of keeping it on life support ? 
  clearly the public does n't care enough to keep it financially viable . 
  or a signal to syriza that they should tone down the promises . 
  the people are the only ones who have the power to elect and eject the government . 
  that 's where the ultimate responsibility lies in a democracy . 
   after what she did to the country . 
  lend it money at below market rates ? 
  terrible . 
  i 'm calling bs on this tired lefty spin . 
  if you want to bail out banks , you bail out banks . 
  k\u00f6nigsberg is historically european !, 
  terra nostra !, 
  i do n't remember anyone saying that in the press conference ... do you mean the agu one or was there one i have n't seen ? 
  i think that if dust on the panels were a factor , they would have known about it by the time they did agu and would have either mentioned it or factored it into the wakeup prediction . 
  they lifted it on its base and rotated it before hibernation . 
  i 'm paying 1,30 $ per liter in slovenia . 
  or about the turbine lubricants which get released into the environment from wind installations . 
  windy or not , poison drips from these things every single day . 
  this is what happens when you capitulate in the war of ideas because * all cultures are equal * . 
  this is what happens when you capitulate in the war of ideas because * all cultures are equal * . 
   german muslims must be the least funny people in the world ... 
  thank you . 
  i needed that . 
  the marriage was at 9 . 
  he fucked her at 14 , was it ? 
  or just dropped . 
  i can see austria-hungary,
