  does he have a slogan yet ? 
   dick, 
   tatorship, 
  ftfy, 
  [ joyful ] ( https://youtu.be/vj4ql1qrugi ), 
  and gained so much money, 
  ireland is a full member and has been for some time . 
   mongolian empire, 
  did n't that collapse right after the top guy died ? 
  do n't mind him . 
  he 's high as a kite right now . 
  we have exactly the same problem as the one australia has already solved . 
  let 's be smart and copy their solution . 
  they really should consider adopting those uniforms . 
  where 's the schnitzel with noodles ? 
  this is the first espresso machine they ever got . 
  cable companies do n't have a 100 % share on a national level either . 
  they still have a monopoly position on the ground where it counts . 
  what about [ the rock ? 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/gibraltar/11534580/gibraltar-suggests-it-wants-to-stay-in-eu-in-the-event-of-brexit.html ), 
  wormhole ghosts in a star trek series . 
  proven . 
  maybe you just misspelt worst , i do n't know . 
  difference : aqaman sucks , star trek rocks, 
  google was never untouchable . 
  gazprom has been for most of its history . 
  it 'll buy some time, 
  just saying that the two are n't really comparable . 
  pakistan has them . 
  if you liked the headline , read the article as well . 
  this guy is a complete imbecile . 
  coe reports and resolutions are not legally binding but they have a great deal of credibility in europe and carry a lot of political weight . 
  it 's nearly impossible to conduct a public debate about an issue in europe and avoid coe conclusions on the topic - if they exist . 
  this is a massive asset for opponents of mass surveillance and a substantial obstacle for its advocates . 
  what does the ecj have to do with this ? 
  court ? 
  ahem ... 
  the difference is that we do n't spray antifreeze onto bones and dog food . 
  you have n't been to the netherlands . 
  nope . 
  https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:stupid_copyright_ ( 6578423885 ) . jpg, 
  a number of reasons . 
  anal sex has a higher rate of transmission compared to vaginal sex , monogamy ( do n't split hairs ) is less prevalent among msms , baseline prevalence is higher in the msm group . 
  the barrier between the lumen ( external compartment ) and the intravenous and interstitial compartments is more resilient to mechanical perturbation in the vagina compared to the terminal anal canal . 
  the simple fact is that there are exposed blood vessels at the end of the gi tract which , if damaged , provide a direct avenue for infection . 
  a strong condom and latex compatible lubrication should be used without exception . 
  not this far down . 
  the terminal segment is really just there for storage and defecation . 
  so you 're not getting rich off it , but you 've got a no fuss emergency power supply . 
  you ca n't put a price on peace of mind . 
  umm ... off topic ? 
  i guess that answers the question * kto glavniy ? 
  i think the point was that the displayed average went up as a consequence of culling the denominator . 
  it might be that china and the islamic world peaked in the 11th century . 
  at the end , where the dip is steepest , the mongols do their thing and bring the black death to europe . 
  i just thought it was interesting . 
  please do n't hit me . 
  good leadership does n't try to make it work . 
  this is actually the second coffee machine to be launched . 
  the first one blew up along with an american supply ship . 
  i 'm ok with it . 
  so long as it gets seen . 
  i miss the quote though . 
  i 'm sure you came on a plane . 
  that 's different . 
  regardless , it 's on an entirely different level . 
  bonus : no annoying natives crying when you flatten their sacred mountain . 
  european - extremely large telescope, 
  the previous one is called the european [ `` very large telescope '' ] ( http://www.eso.org/public/archives/images/large/vlt-laser-potw.jpg ), 
  peace in our time !, 
  we once had strings , but now we 're free ... 
  i 'm getting really close to using * the n.a.s.a. 
  * on this sub . 
  see how you like it . 
  it 's only a small annoyance , but still . 
  closer to a tractor beam than a phaser . 
  you can make propaganda in a foreign language . 
   and it needs to form a strong army, 
  you know things like that do n't happen in europe . 
  if an army does get formed , it 'll be gradual . 
  first , common peacekeeping missions , then a common structure for humanitarian interventions which gets upgraded into a more versatile common power projection capability . 
  the actual integration of ground forces comes at the very end - after naval and air . 
  many members may maintain a national capacity analogous to the institutional pattern in space activity or the state guards in the us . 
  that narrows it down to 1,086 km, 
  just curious , how many years does it take to double the number of hives ? 
  deus of vultings !, 
  maybe they should finish their part of the iss first . 
  does anyone know what 's up with nauka ? 
  just open a history book and do n't stop till you find one . 
  you 'll be done by dinner time . 
   ... norway , iceland and switserland ... seem like completley odd ... 
  checks out . 
  how do you feel about switzerland ? 
  association agreements and action plans wherein the countries implement certain reforms in exchange for access to funds , markets , education and research cooperation , aviation integration , etc. 
  a lot of what the eu does is really boring and incremental but it makes a big difference in the long run . 
  a difference that nobody ever notices . 
  odd way to expand an empire - telling countries that they ca n't become part of it unless they meet a very long list of conditions ( most of which are designed to strengthen those countries ' internal functioning ) . 
  covered as in the surface which is covered by the stump ? 
   should have added '' / s '', 
  i 've run into a hail of downvotes for the same reason .
