  if they were , they could get almost any job . 
  the free market is clear on this issue . 
  any given person is only smart in a relatively narrow area . 
  i guess this is a mirror image of putin 's formative `` moscow is silent '' moment . 
  do n't worry . 
  when eu anti-trust regulations sees to apply , they 'll get hit just as hard , if not harder . 
  kar se ti\u010de embala\u017ee , super . 
  for the record , the tanks shown in poland are n't all polish tanks . 
  a large part of that force is us armour . 
  also , the baltic numbers are out of date - there are quite a few german tanks up there now . 
  you never know . 
  the next 4 years are gon na be interesting . 
  you wo n't be allowed anywhere near the venue . 
  [ absolutely !, 
  ] ( http://www.slovenia.si/visit/sportsleisure/golf/ ), 
  what ? 
  they had a significant presence , which was subsequently pacified . 
   after the break with the soviet union , yugoslavia found itself economically and politically isolated as the country 's eastern bloc-oriented economy began to falter . 
  at the same time , stalinist yugoslavs , known in yugoslavia as `` cominformists '' , began fomenting civil and military unrest . 
  a number of cominformist rebellions and military insurrections took place , along with acts of sabotage . 
  however , the yugoslav security service led by aleksandar rankovi\u0107 , the udba , was quick and efficient in cracking down on insurgent activity . 
  invasion appeared imminent , as soviet military units massed along the border with the people 's republic of hungary , while the hungarian people 's army was quickly increased in size from 2 to 15 divisions . 
  the udba began arresting alleged cominformists even under suspicion of being pro-soviet . 
   however , from the start of the crisis , tito began making overtures to the united states and the west . 
  consequently , stalin 's plans were thwarted as yugoslavia began shifting its alignment . 
  the west welcomed the yugoslav-soviet rift and in 1949 commenced a flow of economic aid , assisted in averting famine in 1950 , and covered much of yugoslavia 's trade deficit for the next decade . 
  the united states began shipping weapons to yugoslavia in 1951 . 
  tito , however , was wary of becoming too dependent on the west as well , and military security arrangements concluded in 1953 as yugoslavia refused to join nato and began developing a significant military industry of its own . 
  [ 24 ] [ 25 ] with the american response in the korean war serving as an example of the west 's commitment , stalin began backing down from war with yugoslavia . 
  seing as stalin failed to control yugoslavia , i doubt putin would want to resurrect it . 
  tanks do n't do so well in slovenia . 
  they have a nasty habit of getting stuck in rough terrain , baricaded , ambushed , cut off from supplies , burned , etc. 
  i do n't get it, 
  it gets crowded in the summer , but you have it all to yourself the rest of the time . 
  great place for a date . 
  came here to say this ... it 's like nails on a chalkboard, 
  times of india . 
  no rosie o'donnell factor over here to lower the bar . 
  a si ziher da so hrvati tuki problem ? 
  we 're really clever . 
  melania to make us popular with conservatives . 
  gay marriage to get in good with liberals . 
  taking over uefa to win over latinos . 
  soon , the world will sing [ zdravljica ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anthem_of_the_slovene_nation ) with a single voice . 
  excellent !, 
  we 're holding him in reserve for now . 
  he 'll be deployed in the fullness of time . 
  hehe . . no refunds, 
  \u0111ust vejt a minit , ar ju mejking fan of mi, 
  hey hey !, 
  we 're not some cartoon of a low standard for you to use . 
  for thos who do n't understand :, 
   their suffocating regulations and anti-free trade mercantilist tendencies . 
  what , specifically , are you talking about ? 
  that approach has limits though . 
  you make a number of strong points here . 
  one question on the fundamentals , if you do n't mind :, 
  given the fairly stable rate of global demand growth and the cratering exploration expenditure , how long can tight oil keep supplying the marginal barrel at a low price ? 
  thanks for the extensive response . 
  i sold a position in natural resources at the start of february and have been second guessing myself ever since . 
  the thinking was that the downside risk had become greater than the potential upside . 
  i might still be wrong , but it just is n't worth the stress . 
  that 's not quite what i mean . 
  the exploration i had in mind was the sort of thing that the supermajors do ; some land and shalow sea based , but mostly deep sea reserves . 
  the reason i 'm interested in the timing is that the effects of lower exploration expenditure do n't manifest in production until after a lag of several years - when existing capacity dwindles and is n't replaced by new fields/platforms/whatever . 
  at that point , the question is : can tight oil ( as the new marginal/bumper producer ) increase it 's bandwidth to make up for the shortfall ? 
  can it do this at the same pace as traditional capacity goes offline ? 
  can it do it without resorting to lesser tier ( = higher breakeven ) deposits ? 
  will efficiency gains make the previous question irrelevant ? 
  i think it 's clear that tight oil has the technical capacity to eventually make up for very substantial supply shortfalls . 
  what is n't clear is how quickly and at what breakeven price . 
  wait , i do n't get it . 
  you think that opec/nopec would double down if prices drop into a 35-45 range ? 
  or is there something else that drives a recovery in that event ? 
  i certainly do n't see a bullish supply and demand signal anywhere on the horizon ( without massive intervention ) . 
  so , a bet on the of the fittest producers , not the commodity . 
  that clears things up . 
  thanks . 
  demand growth and evs ( in significant numbers ) are geographically seperated . 
  you only have real numbers of evs in rich markets - even there only in the top income brackets . 
  demand growth , on the other hand , is mostly an emerging markets phenomenon . 
  at the end of the day , every little bit counts . 
  however , it 's not as if you 're going to see evs or hybrids or even high efficiency conventional cars being sold to the masses in india , china , africa , se asia . 
  for my money , demand growth is likely to stay more or less linear . 
  tldr :, 
  they changed their late 2018 brent forecast ** from $ 77 to $ 67 **, 
  itt : people who have n't even looked at the article, 
  ignorance is strenghth !, 
  so are exxon and the state department ;-), 
  if prices go into the high 60s , shale will explode . 
  the amount of shale production that becomes profitable above 60 is insane . 
  there are no good options left for state producers . 
  even if they extend the cuts , it 'll take a long time for inventories to drop down to the 5 year average . 
  in paralel with that , the shale ramp will continue and the pace of the drop will slow . 
  i do n't know where we hit a stable balance , but it seems clear that any sort of tight supply/demand situation is not on the horizon . 
  there 's always the duc well option . 
  there 's definitely a bull market comming . 
  the question is : when ? 
  it 's not clear how much slack is left in the financially viable sale plays , how long this opec/nopec deal will last and with what level of compliance , how mich stoerage there is boyond just the us , what the numbers will be from libya , nigeria . 
  even so , if demand grows by 1,2 mb/d over a year ( maybe more ) , there will be a significant price recovery ...
