  selling fewer barrels at 50 $ makes more money than selling more barrels at 40 $ . 
  this is about money , not market share . 
  forgive my tone , but , so what ? 
  opec countries are faced with a choice of making more money or making less money . 
  the option where they make more money also leads to shale drillers and others making more money , but this does n't affect their bottom line - just their feelings . 
  do n't underestimate the impact of plug-in hybrids on demand . 
  most personal transport is short distance - most , if not all , of that trip can be covered by an overnight charge . 
  the iea is forecasting a substantial increase in supply for mid to late 2018 ; the last one for some time as a matter of fact . 
  here 's a 20 page pdf . 
  have fun !, 
  openly !, 
  openly gay !, 
  i imagine that they 'd be buying those panels and selling the energy . 
  i never said it was a great idea lol, 
  [ is just slovenian natural instinct ... ] ( http://img.memecdn.com/sneaky-slovenia_o_160657.jpg ), 
  they were actually identical to pre-existing british standards . 
  black people who live at higher elevations ? 
  that 's like the punchline to a running gag ... 
  i wonder if the people who were too pure to vote against him still feel it 's ok to put your principles above the needs of the world . 
  * the lesser of two evils is still evil . 
  that sort of person . 
  except for the part where he was n't on the ballot, 
  irrelevant, 
  the idea of picking the clearly superior of the two available options is bad logic ? 
  sulking at home over the fact that you do n't always get your way and allowing trump to burn the world is good logic ? 
  suck it , rest of austro-hungary !, 
  love , slovenia . 
  bothers me that west berlin is n't marked in green, 
  we 're not new to this colonial stuff . 
  it 's best to let the locals punch themselves out before you go in full force . 
  first of all , it 's * then * . 
  and , yes . 
  it seems like they still have some fight left in them . 
  give it another year . 
  really ? 
  really ? 
  btw , you can unpack those stats by member state , time period , etc. 
  if you follow the relevant links . 
  the report pdf :, 
  pdf report :, 
  hey !!, 
  we 're tied for 1st with norway . 
  the only reason we 're listed after them is because of alphabetical order . 
  the index is based on information on children 's diet , access to education , child mortality , child weddings , child labour , adolescent pregnancy and regional conflicts . 
   are n't several eu countries ahead of the usa , at least in terms of renewable energy ? 
  and are n't there plenty of south american countries which are even further ahead ? 
  [ best data-set i could find on the topic ] ( https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/rankia/images/valoraciones/0022/0690/cumulative-emissions-carbon-map.jpg?1450356456 ), 
  german coal consumption is lower today than at any time since 1990 - that 's as far as eurostat data goes , but given the trendline , it 's unlikely that they used less coal in the 80s . 
  plot twist : you 're the new jews . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.themedialine.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/israel_germany_delegation_900lt-810x565.jpg ) proof of you globalist bastards comparing notes !!, 
   where 's the `` get ready to be sanctioned at every turn america '' response ? 
  any effective sanctions regime would need to be coordinated at a near-global level . 
  that sort of thing takes time to hammer out . 
  if the ocean rises by 10 feet , the polders will rise by 11 . 
  that 's racist, 
  makes a lot more sense then the other shit he does . 
  it seems that berlin will be deploying its considerable investment capabilities in order to maintain the favourable , but vulnerable momentum which has been under way in the western balkan region in the recent past . 
  the idea is for this to bridge the gap in eu integration progression which has occured , in part , due to conditions beyond the control of local politics , thus maintaining the overall normative incentive structure for reform and stabilisation . 
   and this mini marshall-plan has been slowly showing itself . 
  but it 's just as disgraceful as the first one was . 
  wait , what ? 
  there are a lot of moving parts , which makes high-confidence prediction a precarious passtime . 
  having said that , it seems to me that a combination of the short term incentive structure of normative financing , the medium term incentive dynamic of euro-atlantic integration and the long term general self interest in stabilisation and economic consolidation make for a powerful conglomerate of forces - all pushing the region in a rational direction . 
  the counter argument is : this is the balkans - where hope and goodness go to die . 
  petitions are a perfectly fine way for people to go on the record about issues when there is n't a referendum . 
  seeing as cup dup coalition was n't discussed in the campaign , it seems to me that making your opinion known is a reasonable thing to do . 
  note the funniest part of the article :, 
   the observer has learned that may took the fateful decision to call the election having been urged to do so by commission president jean-claude juncker . 
   it is understood that juncker had advised may to call an early general election as a result of his concerns that the 17-seat majority she had inherited from david cameron would not be enough during the pinch points of the negotiations , including over the issue of the uk 's divorce bill , estimated to be as much as $ 100bn . 
   `` during bilaterals , in the margins of summits , juncker repeatedly told her he thought she should do it , '' one eu source said . 
  a second european diplomat added : `` people do n't understand . 
  we want a deal more than anyone . 
  we are professionals , we have a mandate to get a deal and we want to be successful in that . '', 
  this man is a secret genius !, 
  in vino veritas . 
  voting has consequences . 
  if you were permited to vote , you must have been an adult of sound mind - so you had the capacity to find out what some of the more obvious consequences would be . 
  if you decided against doing that ... well , that 's another decision which has consequences . 
  helping the venezuelan government collapse would be serious waste of cia resources . 
  oh , you 're an idiot, 
  top kek, 
  it would be like givind swiming lessons to dolphins . 
  just stand back and watch nature do its thing . 
  german , i presume . 
  the transition period included ever lower ceilings on roaming charges ... this has been a slowly moving directive for the past several years . 
  most od this stuff has been floated before and recieved overall agreement . 
  it just has n't moved much because europe had more urgent concerns . 
  i look at it in a different way . 
  as i see it , the problem in turkey 's internal dynamic stems from the fact that the akp has no effective political opposition . 
  this is n't a problem which could ever be solved by the army . 
  an effective compeeting narative is needed , along with an organised , competent group of people dedicated to pushing it . 
  even before erdogan made himself sultan , the akp could n't be beaten by the inept and fragmanted opposition parties . 
  ... he said , staring at the kiev hate crime statistics . 
  the problem with direct democracy in a nutshell : emotion proves more effective than the complex nuanced reality of our world . 
  nope . 
  read the article , please . 
  they do n't provide sufficient anything in the areas and situations which are being talked about . 
  in the abscence of modern medicine , plague is a force of nature . 
  abscent that , humans dump their traditions in favour of better cultural habits anyway . 
  that 's why every corner of the globe looks more like the west with every passing year .
