  i especially like the green lantern at the very end . 
  and how many yarghs loud ? 
  you can see the 2004 eu enlargement but without spain , portugal and greece for some reason, 
  oh , i just got that the sticker is on the car ahead of you, 
  doink !, 
  pax canadiana stronk !, 
  poland : approved by himmler !, 
  wait ... not sounding right ... sounding far right , 
  respect your elders !, 
  [ source of picture ] ( https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:internetusersbylanguagepiechart.svg ), 
  [ source of data ] ( http://w3techs.com/technologies/overview/content_language/all ), 
  [ methodology ] ( http://w3techs.com/technologies ), 
  latvia should be green - it ratified the additional protocol to the echr months ago, 
  just a little bit too real for me, 
  and the fact that they die at some point . 
  one could argue that yugoslavia worked better than ever under tito . 
  that did n't count for much after he died though . 
  this is a bit deceptive . 
  they chart the eu as if it were a static entity even though it 's doubled its membership during this time by absorbing less developed states . 
  in spite of this the overall average has kept growing . 
  if you just charted the eu 15 the line would be much steeper, 
  more importantly , the 13 newer members have a lower r & d/gdp ratio than the older 15 and so their accession in the middle of the trend flattens the european line, 
  we have n't failed to pass a budget yet , in fact we pass them 7 years in advance, 
  if you read the article , you 'll see that bee populations have grown by 7 % , but we need more since pollinated crop production is growing faster, 
  ... excellent . 
  while there are some people in the pro-eu camp who are in favour of a usa type federal structure , this is not true of the whole group . 
  similarly , while some in the anti-eu camp are isolationist bigots ( yes , they 're out there ) , this is n't true of most of the group . 
  this sort of generalisation very effectively sucks the oxigen out of any reasonable conversation on the merits of the issue . 
  i think it should stop . 
  who do they think they are , david cameron ? 
  also not too bad during the day ;-), 
  i can confirm . 
  the 1st one , however , is doubly true . 
  such is life . 
  you misspelt the word * wrong *, 
  also , population density means you can take off and land in a lot of place in the us without bothering anyone , europe , on the other hand , is full, 
  yea , stupid swedes, 
  i was wondering if someone had already posted this . 
  thanks for saving me the trouble . 
  it needs to be here for the record , 
  it 's surprising that there are n't more restaurants next to cemeteries in the middle east . 
  you could n't get a 32gb card ? 
  even a broken clock is right twice a day . 
  darwin - still winning after all those years . 
  considering the starting point , the trajectory actually is n't half bad, 
  more importantly , it has more moderates and a substantial number of secularists . 
  in a parliament , it 's the votes that count , not the genitals . 
  also , it has bad download speed . 
  koenigsberg would do it very nicely . 
  the kurent - lama comparison just made me laugh, 
  having a free and open forum to discuss problems is the first thing you need to be able to solve them . 
  how long before the russian government publishes a similar report , i wonder ? 
  do n't cry . 
  your teers will turn to ice and knock out another power line, 
  there would be more but slovenia can not into electric right now, 
  i 'm not that familiar with other eu states , but in slovenia , we have something called the accounting court which does this sort of thing on a regular basis, 
  mainly in the area of eu spending which is minimal compared to the state budgets ... so not in the majority of cases , no, 
  it 's been quite independent here and has led to the removal of ministers and almost caused the collapse of a governing coalition on one occasion . 
  the politics here starts once the reports are published . 
  actually , we 're talking about corruption, 
  also , last time i checked , ministers were in charge of civil servants and therefore responsible for keeping them in line ( together with the police etc. ), 
  so what ? 
  the person who has executive control over a government department is the minister . 
  if the department is found to be infected with corruption , the minister sux at their job and needs to be replaced / is criminally negligent ( or worse ) and should be replaced and prosecuted, 
  it 's almost impossible to eliminate corruption completely , but you can create an incentive structure which makes it * not worth it * for the vast majority of people in the vast majority of situations, 
  the point is that we 're trying very hard to do this and have met with considerable success largely as a result of eu standards which were `` imposed from the outside '' . 
  russia has no such concerns regarding ukraine - re the original comment . 
  edit : the comment which has been deleted now, 
  the idea here is to link the presence of corruption in your department directly to your prospects for reelection, 
  people also vote against exposed crooks and idiots ... you do , however , need to expose them, 
  it is n't actually that cold , just a few degrees below 0 , but that 's all you need for ice to build up when the temperature higher up is warmer and causes rain instead of snow, 
  100 bn is equivalent to the eu annual budget . 
  a lot of good could be done with that stolen money , not to mention the indirect costs in terms of making it harder to conduct business . 
  i 'm sorry for your loss and happy it did n't last, 
  [ mali grad from north kamnik  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6c/trg_svobode%2c_kamnik.jpg ), 
  maybe they did , maybe they did n't, 
  ca n't prove it . 
  yea !, 
  real players need at least a wasted decade of war before they start cowering in the corner . 
  regarding the wider context of the video :, 
  yaay , another unilateral , democracy spreading us intervention that flippantly ignores the relevant local conditions !, 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  that 's sorta a general disclaimer for any comment i post . 
  the problem is that it 's too warm , especially in the upper altitudes , which causes rain . 
  this then freezes on contact closer to the ground where it 's just below 0 - that 's abnormally warm for this area in january, 
  tl dr : this would n't have happened if it was colder like it used to be . 
  if she thinks that side-lining the eu in this situation is a smart move , i have to question the idea that she understands them to any depth or sees them in any medium or long range perspective . 
  where 'd you get that idea ? 
  there 's no indication whatsoever of that in the clip . 
  all there is , is * fuck the eu * -  we 'll do it live !, 
  in what way has the eu approach been different from that of the us ? 
  neither have imposed sanctions , neither have done anything of consequence in fact - but both have been talking in the same tones as far as i know . 
  pot : * `` fuck the kettle . 
  that genuinely made me laugh :d, 
  [ and what are we , middle earth ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_development_index#2013_report ), 
  i 'm really curious to learn what people think the eu should do here , send in the battle-groups ? 
  you just said what a lot of people were thinking . 
  i 'm glad it was there so i could give response . 
  there 's a reason we have a legal regime as you call it .
