   in august , two children were found paralyzed by polio after eradication campaigns were cut back because of insecurity . 
  they were the first recorded polio cases in africa in almost two years . 
  needles to say , this is a continent which , if reinfected , is highly vulnerable to a mass spreading of the illness . 
  the organisations behind polio eradication have proven to be exceptionally capable of averting these sorts of reversals in the past . 
  hopefully that holds true here as well . 
  [ you 're at a 10 i need you at a 2 ] ( https://youtu.be/s2xvxdaiwcw ), 
  this actually mostly boils down to the employer providing workplace access to cheap disinfectants , gloves , hand cream and the employees being required to follow a few quick procedures correctly ( also contingent on employer provided training ) . 
  not something that costs a lot of time money or effort . 
  when taking into account the net benefit , it 's a massively effective money saver for the insurer . 
  it also makes it so that more patients live to see a better outcome sooner , which has to be good for staff morale , right ? 
  this is really such a minor bother that you do n't need punitive measures to enforce it in most cases . 
  a friendly reminder works for 99 % of people . 
  do we have some numbers from the us to compare this with ? 
  why was i not told this ? 
  now i 'm stuck here , staring at my scree , hitting refresh . 
  the decade or two of post-brexit tory government will intensify that problem , not address it . 
  the inflation from the pound devaluation will almost exclusively hurt the poor . 
  the general economic slowdown will hit the people at the bottom more strongly than the ones at the top ( as always ) . 
  the exodus of financial business from london will result in a decrease in tax revenue , which will eventually hit public services . 
  what the bottom 55 % have done to themselves here is a great big fuck up . 
  you know when they said that brexit would allow the uk to manage its own affairs without pesky eu interference ? 
  this is part of what they meant . 
  poor scotland :'(, 
   unless this continuing polarisation is addressed, 
  this will intensify it , not address it . 
  it 's the opposite of a productive approach to , what is , a serious problem . 
  given that , people should n't try to justify brexitism as some sort of legitimate or even reasonable response to the economic issues plaguing the middle and working class . 
  if the russians want to take lithuania , they 'll have to kill some german troops to do it . 
  that 's the moment when it stops being symbolic . 
  last time , the western allies were on russia 's side . 
  nope . 
  [ the leopard 2 . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/vhesfgrlk48?t=4s ), 
  i think the point of an enemy main battle tank is that it 's quite difficult to ignore it . 
  not just a nasa telescope . 
  i saw that movie . 
  it did n't end well for the captain . 
  guess boris saw it as well . 
  the ariane 5 has had 74 consecutive successes as of october 2016 . 
  save yourself the hastle - just burn your money . 
  there really are n't any major space missions any more without significant international collaboration . 
  nasa was actally supposed to be a far bigger part of the rosetta mission , but that changed as a result of legislative action . 
  it 'll be a high caliber success . 
   all referendums are non-binding . 
  i think that might just be a uk thing . 
  well , in this case , no . 
  the next parliament could do whatever it wants to do , but it would n't be able to retrieve the uk 's eu membership . 
  not for nothing , but from the outside , it 's not entirely clear if you guys are leaving or not at this point . 
  you 've had an advisory referendum , you refuse to trigger any official procedures , most mps are on the record as being remainers ... 
  why do anything till the uk actually makes it clear that something 's happening ? 
  lol, 
  not balkan . 
  not eastern europe . 
  better than deutscher . 
  watch out , france . 
  we 're coming for you !, 
  i 'm from slovenia and that 's not the case at all here . 
  is that really a thing that hapened in other formerly communist areas ? 
  the most important thing these regions are used for is distribution of cohesion funds . 
  as a result they tend to be organised based on level of economic development . 
  also , by far the most interaction with the west . 
  the borders were open , plenty of people worked in italy and austria , outside media was available ( at various levels of legality ) , etc. 
  as always , there 's also the money factor . 
  the map is reflective of helath outcomes which have been in the making for several decades now . 
  if you look at the amount of cash available per citisen over that period , slovenia is in the most favourable position of all the formerly communist areas . 
  what i find interesting is the fact that we 're doing better than the germans and austrians . 
  what gives ? 
  i did n't say it had to do with population . 
  nope . 
  we use the fn f2000-s . 
  much cooler looking :d, 
  it 's not that easy to change . 
  it just so happens that the general idea ( if not the details ) of this is a no brainer . 
  mps voting against this would be hard pressed to find a constituency come election day . 
  when there 's national concensus on something , it really does n't matter how hard it is to change the constitution . 
  there 's just nobody against this . 
  it 's not that easy to change . 
  it just so happens that the general idea ( if not the details ) of this is a no brainer . 
  mps voting against this would be hard pressed to find a constituency come election day . 
  when there 's national concensus on something , it really does n't matter how hard it is to change the constitution . 
  there 's just nobody against this . 
  it can and it does - and it has for as long as i 've been alive . 
  the only difference is that it 's now in the constitution as opposed to a mere law . 
  it can offer free data transfer for deezer as long as it offers it for other comparable aplications as well . 
  point being that the people in charge of the infrastructure are n't allowed to pick and choose apps , websites , etc. 
  actually , this goes back to when we successfully pushed for an amendment to the eu services directive in 2014 . 
  good thing we have one of those here !, 
  well , this is awkward . 
  the government has managed drinking water here for as long as these water systems have existed . 
  it just was n't explicitly in the constitution till now . 
  so you 'll be proven right when you 're starving to death . 
  great !, 
  this brings no practical changes . 
  it simply transfers what was already either law or universal municipal practice into an explicit constitutional provision . 
  you 'll be looking forward for quite a long time . 
  it 's not really a plan since it 's a thing we 've been doing for a long time now . 
  also , where did you get the idea that price controls were part of this ? 
  the amendment , as written , mainly just authorises the state to restrict private initiative where it might be in conflict with the population 's sustainable access to drinking water and to intervene where that access is n't being provided . 
  in practice , it changes nothing . 
  drinking water here is provided by municipally owned utility companies and has been for a very long time .
