  could you explain what you mean by colonising the solar system ? 
  which bodies ? 
  also , i do n't see why interstellar travel would be impossible . 
  granted , it is n't practical today , but a lot of that is down to the fact that all of our industrial infrastructure is stuck at the bottom of a gravity well for the moment . 
  if you place some fabrication capacity in the asteroid belt , you escape the tyranny of the rocket equation and building deep space ships becomes realistic . 
  a thousand years is a long time . 
  those predictions were based on unsustainably high levels of public spending on human spaceflight . 
  when the infinite budget ran out , the predictions died . 
  dare i say , it 'll be different this time ? 
  too bad they 're written by unelected burocrats . 
  sometimes , unelected burocrats do the good things which politicians wo n't . 
  that 's the thing about democracies , we 're slow . 
  most of the time that saves us from doing really stupid shit , but occasionally it can be a bad thing . 
  more on this here :, 
  tldr - it 's likely to happen , but , in europe , good things happen slowly . 
  except a rematch . 
  sykes-picot kept the place from blowing up for a century . 
  let 's not forget that . 
  that would be a debate without end . 
  but honestly , you could also find a million other reasons for the instability today . 
  my point is simply that it 's not reasonable to say that an arrangement from a century ago is to blame for today 's problems while completely ignoring the century which happened between then and now . 
  on a slightly removed note , i still think that in the abscence of the ottoman empire , an arbitrary order imposed from the outside is a lot better than no order at all . 
  70,1 % bdp . 
  the population density in europe is very different from what it is in montana . 
  there are other factors as well , but that 's the big underlying difference . 
  hvala, 
  i like how joseph smith decided to be lazy and just ad an * m * to the middle of the word . 
  is it ? 
  the capitals in these countries are all the biggest urban , industrial , educational , etc. 
  centre in the country . 
  i 'm quite sure that the situation is similar with , say , london or paris , but this does n't show up on the map because there 's no super blue category . 
  the western region has ljubljana , the coastline and the area next to the italian border . 
  the eastern part has prekmurje and most of the country 's south . 
  the line is basically gerrymandered to make the regions as distinct as possible in terms of development . 
  i got that . 
  i also live here . 
  and i can tell you that , looks aside , business activity , job availability , educational and r&d infrastructure is heavily skewed to one side of that line ( partly because the line is designed to make that happen ) . 
  intelligence fits rather neatly into a normal gaussian distribution - a distribution which , technically , continues away from the mean without end in both directions . 
  would n't it be competition only if they were overlapped ? 
  be nice to slovenia . 
  this particulat city has been surrounded by kurdish forces for a long time and with significant territorial depth . 
  no islamic state fighter will be leaving alive . 
   the only question would be why the eu is getting so fully behind an old polish geopolitical goal of weakening russia ? 
  because if this push is even partially successful , it serves to bring additional areas of europe into the fold . 
  the eu and its predecessors have never been incompatible with , or antagonistic to regional groupings of members and nonmembers . 
  examples include benelux , the nordic integration framework , cefta , the v4 + , the weimar triangle etc. 
  more recently , the basic treaty framework of the eu has even incorporated a formalisation of so called * enhanced cooperation * among a subset of member states . 
  one could even argue that schengen and the eurozone were early examples of this dynamic . 
  as for russia , everyone 's been bending over backwards since 91 to try and accommodate moscow 's unjustifiably colossal sense of historical entitlement - and what has it gotten us ? 
  it 's very difficult to make the argument that the eastern partnership nations should be abandoned to their fait because simple engagement would offend the kremlin . 
  did n't people make similar arguments when they predicted germany would never put sanctions on russia ? 
  it 's also been under embargo as an occupied territory for a while now . 
  aside from their wish to maintain a grip on neighbouring populations and the lands they inhabit , what `` core interests '' did you have in mind ? 
  good for them . 
  it was a gift from india . 
  what were they supposed to do ? 
  just use it as reeding material with my morning coffee . 
  but it should n't . 
  when america takes in a million people from syria , it can give lectures . 
  not before . 
  latvia is a nato ally , an eu member , part of the schengen zone and uses the euro . 
  how much less russia-aligned can you possibly get ? 
  reminds me of the very end of wwii in europe when the nazis were so desperate for manpower , they started conscripting children and the elderly . 
  wo n't be long now . 
  and that 's the other reason the kremlin ca n't allow ukraine to succeed . 
  it would make a great rebel headquarters for the genuine russian political opposition - plenty of russian speakers , a free media space, 
  hell , if kiev managed to build some justified confidence in the rule of law , it might end up draining russia of its economic up and comers as well as the political talent . 
  so , you 're saying you gave a bad example above , but for a different reason ? 
  somebody needs to get better at trolling . 
  low level ideological violence is just something that exists in the world . 
  it has for centuries . 
  if it were n't for the massively disproportionate amount of media coverage it receives , we would n't even be talking about it right now . 
   sadiq khan eventually just called for more autonomy . 
  any idea about the details of what he wants ? 
  emphasis on regulative , fiscal or some other type of autonomy ? 
  it 's worth mentioning that for the past few decades ( more or less until the great recession ) , the consistent us policy was to interdict any attempt at intra-european defense consolidation which was n't wholly dependant on nato structures in some way . 
  as far as i can tell , this changed dramatically during the obama administration 's attempt at an asia pivot . 
  the funny thing was that uk policy , once an effective proxy for the us in brussels , remained the same . 
  then came the breferendum ( hehe ) and it looks as if london is no longer in a position to prevent movement on this front . 
  just yesterday , the first informal mini-summit ( germany , italy , france ) after brexit was dominated by discussions on all manner of eu security and defense reforms . 
  it 's something to watch . 
  this seems to be an indication of europe 's post-brexit direction . 
  it makes some sense given the regional conditions and the fact that the uk was a major obstacle to security omtegration within the eu . 
  some specifics about the relevant proposal can be seen [ here ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-britain-eu-germany-france-iduskcn0zc0bq ) . 
  it should be noted that the recent italian-french-german [ summit ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/08/22/eu-summit-europe-will-not-come-to-an-end-after-brexit/ ) was also dominated by intelligence and security topics . 
  i 've written on this sub before that the us policy has undergone a shift in this regard since the asia pivot . 
  before , the focus was on micromanaging intra-nato security policy . 
  after , the focus seems to have shifted to mobilising greater capacity from european allies regardless of how it 's done . 
  i do n't know if this was just a pragmatic change resulting from the recognition that washington ca n't spin one plate in europe and another in asia , or if it was a result of the divergent views on european integration held by the democrats as compared to the republicans . 
  i do n't get it . 
  why would this be scary ? 
  the commission is the executive branch with the civil service attached . 
  it proposes legislation , enforces it and mediates between the parliament and the council . 
  the parliament is an assembly of directly elected representatives which votes on , amends , rejects legislation , reports , resolutions , etc. 
  in my opinion it very much deserves its description as * europe 's democratic conscience * . 
  the council is an assembly of representatives of the governments of member states . 
  it 's where hope and goodness go to die . 
  thanks . 
  you 're nice . 
  so , you 're saying that we should only have rules which apply to all things at all times without exception or regard to specific circumstances ?
