  complete dominance over the baltic sea comes to mind . 
  i do n't think it 's most . 
  for example , this is [ the capital of slovenia from the centre out . 
  ] ( http://kongres-magazine.eu/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/3.-ljubljana.jpg ), 
   presumably christian, 
  well , used to be . 
  we 've kept the pointy old buildings since they look nice . 
  as for the breeding , we 've got quite a good record of turning people into godless heathens . 
  the bureaucracy alone is enough to break you faith in any sort of god . 
  here you go . 
  low oil prices are a success of capitalism . 
  they mean that there 's plenty of oil to serve global demand . 
  would someone like to explain to me how nato is a bad guy here ? 
  the only role nato has played in the wider middle east has been the un mandated stabilisation mission after the us invasion . 
  essentially , it came in to help clean up the mess . 
  and that 's it . 
  no other nato deployment happened in anywhere close to the middle east . 
  a big part of atv capability is it 's on-board autonomous docking function - it 's not just remote control like the progress for example . 
  handy if you want to assemble something multi modular outside the earth-moon system before sending people . 
  that 's not what i got from the video at all . 
  it seems to me that the big problem is in the developing world where energy use is skyrocketing and renewables subsidies are n't available . 
  the countries that have percentage goals tend to also have a stagnant or dropping energy demand due to efficiency and slower economic and population growth . 
  even if they double these goals , the big issue in africa and india remains . 
  they seem to be forgetting about all [ the varieties of bacon ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ham#protected_designations ) we have here . 
   the world needs more proof that diplomacy can work better than armed conflict, 
  there 's plenty of proof for that already . 
  if you look at the statistics of how effective violent insurgencies are compared to non-violent resistance movements , you find a consistent result in favour of non-violence . 
  the problem is that people are n't aware of this fact because you rarely hear about the slow , boring peaceful changes , but always hear about the violent conflicts - even when they end up changing nothing . 
  so , you 're the one ? 
  the idea is to put most of them in camps outside the eu . 
  it 's in the fist paragraph . 
  yes . 
  so far , the us has taken 5000 people from the middle east this year . 
  that 's about 12 hours worth of swarm . 
  an american complaining about europe 's handling of the migrant influx is a bit like the chinese giving us shit about air quality . 
  would n't it be best to send an exploding bag of as many lead fragments as the available launchers can lift ? 
  that way you have the impulse distributed over as large an area on the object as possible - because you never know how strongly integrated it is . 
  also , it 's easy to produce and scalable to any launch-ready rockets at a given moment . 
  was i the only one who misread that the first time round ? 
  no need to actively promote . 
  just abolish the ban on children smoking and let big tobacco do its own marketing . 
  am i the only one who noticed that the chinese contribution amounted to nothing more than a heavy class launcher ? 
  no reason was given for not using a european or russian rocket . 
  main points in english, 
  because the government only has so many dollars so you have to have a reason to covert with them ... 
  even if you have a reason like you 're a medicine importer , you may have a tough time getting it . 
  the place is falling to pieces . 
  unless you 're one of those strange people who use lungs to , you know , live . 
  wider , sti-ill and wider, 
  shall thy bo-ounds be set . 
  science which ma-ade yee mighty ,, 
  make thee mi-ightier yet !, 
  but have of better anthem song . 
  i think the star wars promotional campaign is getting out of hand . 
  you can use whichever you want . 
  zimbabwe has n't had its own currency for some time now . 
  they just use euros and dollars . 
  actually , estec is in the netherlands . 
  this is n't an isolated incidents . 
  it 's always the council that fucks up good legislation . 
  still , this is n't as black and white as some media outlets make it seem . 
  there is such a thing as too strict neutrality rules . 
  i just want to point out that this is now them i final standard for net neutrality in the eu which gives a lot of space for national legislation and national regulatory authorities to define their own specific definitions . 
  the point is that they ca n't do less but are allowed to do more . 
  specifically , slovenia and the netherlands do n't have to change a thing and other states can adopt their standard of net neutrality , but wo n't be forced to . 
  this is how directives work , people !, 
  it 's not the same as a law . 
  i just want to point out that this is now them i final standard for net neutrality in the eu which gives a lot of space for national legislation and national regulatory authorities to define their own specific definitions . 
  the point is that they ca n't do less but are allowed to do more . 
  specifically , slovenia and the netherlands do n't have to change a thing and other states can adopt their standard of net neutrality , but wo n't be forced to . 
  this is how directives work , people !, 
  it 's not the same as a law . 
  i just want to point out that this is now them i final standard for net neutrality in the eu which gives a lot of space for national legislation and national regulatory authorities to define their own specific definitions . 
  the point is that they ca n't do less but are allowed to do more . 
  specifically , slovenia and the netherlands do n't have to change a thing and other states can adopt their standard of net neutrality , but wo n't be forced to . 
  this is how directives work , people !, 
  it 's not the same as a law . 
  the opposite would be to legally protect the right to do that . 
  that 's nothing close to what 's in this directive . 
  it 's an abdication of responsibility in as far as it kicks the ball to the nation states , but it 's not a vote against net neutrality or a vote in favour of lanes . 
  it 's a common minimal standard which any of the member countries are free to exceed - mine already has , btw . 
  i wish our standard were adopted at european level , but with the way vetoes work in the council of pms , that sort of strong legislation rarely makes it . 
  i ca n't count the number of times something sensible was put together by the commission and the parliament only to be mutilated by horse trading among the pms . 
  the regressive states can break net neutrality for their own residents - but that 's democracy . 
  if a telco wants to do business in slovenia , they have to abide by net neutrality - end of story . 
  they also have to provide contracts in the official language and abide by the national advertising regulations ... 
  the thing about net neutrality is that it 's largely a `` last mile '' problem in terms of network topography . 
  once you 're at the first hub , nobody has a monopoly on your traffic anymore , so the problem disintegrates . 
  anyway , point is , one country ca n't ruin this for its neighbours - just its own residents . 
  btw , the states are still free to go farther . 
  they 're just not being forced to . 
  the last one failed because most of the yes people did n't care enough to show up and vote - i mean that literally : more than half the positive respondents stayed home . 
  our constitution allows repeat referendums after you 've waited a year . 
  people change their minds . 
  hopefully , in this case not about the issue , but about the showing up bit . 
  you may be taking the phrase * vox populi , vox dei * a bit too literally . 
  between this and iter , i may just live to see fusion power used to charge my car ( assuming electrics are cheaper in the future - amaright ? ), 
  the thing is that , in europe , socialism means a very specific , historically remembered system . 
  this is why we always use the phrase * welfare state * to describe the combination of safety nets , legal protections and free of charge public services . 
  what 's your word for unemployment benefits , public healthcare , etc ?
