  things can get better over time it seems . 
  icbms are a delivery method for nuclear weapons , which have a way of getting ignored as a live factor nowadays . 
  the uk had nukes when argentina invaded the falklands , israel has nukes which did n't stop hezbollah or hamas , china has nukes which neither japan not taiwan care much about ... 
  it 's like a doomsday machine . 
  ok as a deterrent but useless for any other purpose . 
  yes , and the current iphone is the most popular single model of smartphone , but android is still kicking ios in the nuts as an operating system . 
  the point is that the android side is much more fragmented on the hardware end . 
  what matters is the % , not the rank . 
  it does a lot to explain the different roman administrative statuses of the provinces : https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:romanempire_117.svg, 
  they actually made it onto a comedy show here . 
  unless you 're one of those people who made the mistake of not having enough money to own shares . 
  idiots !, 
  all 28 of them ( not counting the kid ) . 
  and not a single competent video editor among them . 
  ... says the danish government - if you actually reed the article it turns out that this magically is n't a problem in other eu states . 
  maybe it * should * be the onion . 
  this sort of thing happens because it 's convenient for national political establishments to blame the eu for their own actions . 
  good thing we have a competent media to stop them getting away with it . 
  to what extent is that due to demographics ? 
  i understand that the shades get darker with youth . 
  also , a big part of the problem is that there are 2 categories of pastry in terms of this regulation : regular and seasonal/traditional . 
  the regular has a lower limit for cinnamon than the traditional/seasonal one . 
  other eu states had the good sense to label these kinds of pastries as traditional/seasonal , while denamrk labelled theirs as regular . 
  the screw up is completely internal , thanks for playing . 
  or per unit gdp or per number of phds or anything like that ... 
  i hate `` nominal '' maps ( i 'm from a small country ), 
  nominal maps are a bad indicator of this sort of thing . 
  it would be like having a map of the number of traffic deaths or the total number of plane crashes . 
  it makes no sense unless it 's divided by population or total number of trips or something . 
  total numbers make sense in case you 're comparing armies or something else where the whole is greater than the sum of the parts , but science is n't really a nation by nation team sport . 
  ( s ) he may have paid for some of that research, 
  winning !, 
  - europe, 
  would you happen to also know if the location is correct in relation to the moon ? 
  sure ... 
  i wonder what the reaction would be if a high ranking nato official did something like this, 
  * blue - eurozone ( 18 ), 
  * green - eu states obliged to join the eurozone ( 8 ), 
  * brown - eu state with an opt-out on eurozone participation ( 2 ), 
  * yellow - areas outside the eu using the euro with an agreement ( 4 ), 
  * purple - areas outside the eu using the euro without an agreement ( 2 ), 
  it 's a treaty obligation , but there 's no time limit on it , simply that it would happen eventually . 
  maybe this good idea : [ euro/potato ] ( http://www.eurexchange.com/action/exchange-en/4582-13936/13938/quotessingleviewfuture.do?hiddensetmaturitydate=201404&amp;timespan=9m ), 
  it 's a compromise , that 's how we get 7 year budgets passed unanimously and on time . 
  you must be a [ performance artist . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/nov/11/artist-nails-testicles-red-square-pyotr-pavlensky ), 
  this map is really about the enlargement prospects of the eurozone rather than the details of the existing situation . 
  for that , [ see here . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_status_and_usage_of_the_euro ), 
  you make a valid point , but the practical reality is that latvia joined today and i just wanted to post a map here to show that . 
  this was the first good one i found on the topic, 
  norway is n't in the eu , but basically political reasons . 
  wo n't the esm be desolved after the banking union is fully in place ? 
  or is that the efsf ? 
  i mean these are essentially 2 massive piles of money most of which were never used , and what was is likely to be mostly recovered . 
  the main point was to calm the markets ... presumably you demobilise them once the goal is achieved , right ? 
  at least the one that was meant to be temporary . 
  the germans like it as well, 
  you do n't get into the eu by waiting !, 
  turkey still imprisons journalists for insulting the state ... in fact it 's the no . 
  1 country in terms of locking up reporters . 
  this is just one example of why they 're still waiting . 
  as far the cynical reasons are concerned , the main one is that it would be the biggest country in the eu upon joining by voting power , and germany does n't like that . 
  i can guarantee that it has nothing to do with slovenian problems . 
  everyone here knows how we got where we are and anyone that points a finger outside our own borders is just trying to distract you . 
  the euro does n't create problems , it just makes it impossible to sweep them under the carpet . 
  i for one do n't want to live in a country with hilly carpets . 
  the top 10 richest list used to be populated by transition era `` connected types '' . 
  a lot of them are in jail cells or doing community service now . 
  their spots have been taken over by people who 've actually built a successful business . 
  none of this would have happened if the establishment had n't been forced into it . 
  it 's an article in the guardian ... there 's one picture , but it 's very pg13, 
  oh yes it is ... in one direction anyway, 
  also its status as legal tender , which means places of public accommodation must display prices in it and accept it as compensation, 
  actually norway is part of the schengen area , so its probably easier to live and work there than the uk, 
  also , as part of the eea , they contribute to the cohesion funds , as does switzerland ( but in a different way ), 
  you specifically mentioned migration where there 's no practical difference between norway and the typical member, 
  the arrangement also has substantial disadvantages - they are subject to eea regulations but have no seat on the council or in the parliament which compose them, 
  as for the cap , you wo n't see me defending it anytime soon ( maybe some parts after the latest reform package , but not as a whole ), 
  i think it may be due to people thinking that northern ireland is actually just the northern part of ireland ... so you guys are simply getting bashed instead of the uk . 
  makes for an interesting change , huh ? 
  america is n't a member either . 
  just the fact that it has capital punishment is a deal breaker, 
  just so we know what we 're . 
  talking about ... germany funds [ just over one quarter of the bailout mechanism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_stability_mechanism#contributions ), 
  they bought chrysler , not boeing, 
  how has the average changed over the same interval ? 
  thanks you, 
  seeing as most polities in the world ( if not all ) have a progressive tax structure , it 's unlikely that people living on less than $ 10 a day are net contributors to public finances ; they get more services etc than they pay in taxes . 
  unless , massive corruption . 
  really ? 
  i mainly hang out in r/europe where the center seems to hold quite strongly . 
  the worst part of it is that euroscheptics sometimes get downvoted , but for the most part that 's the drive-by type of comment - the well argued ones tend to start a looooong thread . 
  greece is going through some stuff right now , lay off, 
  they occupied germany and that does n't seem to be a problem ( they 're still there btw ), 
  [ source ] ( http://www.seaweb.org/getinvolved/oceanvoices/benhalpern.php ), 
  blue means low , red means high . 
  actually you lost 10 of your dollars ... 8 to the people who made the sandwich and 2 to the people who built the road that got it to you , the police that made sure you did n't get killed on the way to buying it , the health inspectors who made sure it is n't going to kill you when you eat it , the teacher who made sure you know the difference between 2 and 10 etc. 
  [ see here ] ( http://bioval.jrc.ec.europa.eu/products/gam/index.htm ), 
  shrapnels damaging internal organ ?
