  as far as i know , yu was n't the only country that went the way of the dodo in ' 91 . 
  every last socialist country either collapsed , changed to a market system or became north korea/cuba . 
  i can blame socialism for that . 
   is capitalism and democracy guilty for the recent military overthrow in egypt ? 
  egypt was never a democracy or a free market economy . 
  the parallel does n't hold . 
   artificial values are created in such environment , ones that sell products and have nothing to do with satisfying human needs or providing quality living conditions and access to education . 
  all values are artificial . 
  it just so happens that the ones that come naturally to most people are better reflected in a free market environment . 
  that 's why there were always plenty of people trying to get from the east to the west and very few trying to go the other way . 
  again , compared to what ? 
   i understand you like to talk numbers and facts , but these issues are real and you can not quantify them in a manner in which you are trying to do . 
  if you ca n't quantify it , it 's just a matter of spin one way or the other . 
  you can argue about it forever and at no point have you opinion proven wrong . 
  very nice if you want to feel good about yourself , but completely useless if you want to actually achieve something with people who do n't completely agree with you to begin with . 
   there are major problems with your thinking ... we ca n't have that discussion , capital wo n't allow it , private interests wont allow it , it seems , you wo n't allow it . 
  with the best will in the world , you 're no making any sense here . 
  it 's starting to seem as if logic and grammar wo n't allow it . 
   as i said , it 's obvious more than ever that eu is not blazing its own trail but is getting in line with the american model of aggressive capitalism and unchained free market . 
  what have you been smoking ? 
  it has the most strict quality standards and consistently enforced market regulations on the planet #outside the dprk and a few other special cases which i would like to avoid if at all possible ) . 
   but as soon as we go down the road of a federation that will change . 
  and that 's something i think we should avoid at all costs . 
  `` all costs '' is really an idea that we should avoid at this point in history . 
  there have been enough mistakes made in the name of `` x must ( not ) happen at all costs ! '', 
  based on what ? 
  the co2 regulation , the pesticide moratorium , the endocrine disrupter ban , the gmo block , the banker bonus cap , the anti-trust regulation , etc. 
  are all things that have been done at the `` federal '' level . 
  how would that change if more areas were handled there ? 
  now , sure , the devil 's in the details , but there 's nothing inherently evil about federalism . 
   i really hope history proves me wrong and you right . 
  i think we have quite a lot of history to work with as is , and for some reason you have n't cited it once . 
   you ca n't understand my discontent and desire to turn the page without understanding the core of the issue as i see it . 
  i ca n't understand your discontent because you 've failed to explain the reasons for it and defend its legitimacy . 
   eu institutionalizes this philosophy and makes it much harder to address these issues than if we were on our own . 
  again with the delusion that you could possibly address it on a national basis . 
  i challenged you on this point before and you never responded . 
  if you think a polity the size of this country could ever start a new economic model , you 've got serious problems . 
  the fact is that you ca n't convince people because your arguments are non-existent and the reason you want to do it on a national level is because it 's a lot easier to scam 2 million people ( or 51 % of them ) than it is to do the same with 500 million . 
  i 'm quite happy to have supra-national institutions protecting me from such anomalies . 
   i think i 'll just start a political party and hope i strike a note with large enough percentage so we can start a new union , based on different ideals and presumptions . 
  if this thread is an indication of the level of argument you 'll be presenting , do n't hope for much . 
  i think that the jurisdiction of the ecthr may be limited in some way there . 
  the 1994 events involved the turkish republic which was a member of the coe and party to the echr convention at the time . 
  remember that the echr only came into force on 3 september 1953 . 
  also , presumably , there were living victims who filed the suit in this case , so standing may be an issue . 
  latin is the shit !, 
  i had n't realised how many were in europe , north america and australia . 
  that 's really interesting . 
  neither is slavic, 
  i saw it just after posting . . ah , scrolling, 
  well , so is ( indo - ) european, 
  europe has a better climate in the winter and plenty of air-conditioning in the summer . 
  what exactly does religion to a functional society which could n't be done methods based on the presumption that your idea is wrong until proven otherwise ? 
  in the absence of such processes , there is a great deal of vulnerability to perpetuating suboptimal , inelegant , inaccurate and otherwise bad approaches, 
  in short , the problem with religion is the combination of being a human enterprise - and therefor imperfect , and the fact that it has no internal mechanism for self-correction . 
  religion has , in fact , been dragged kicking and screaming into the present by external forces . 
  we know precisely what sort of self-correction religion is valuable of by looking at what it did during times when it was the dominant force in any given area . 
  this is still visible in some parts of the world today . 
  you can easily show that murder is wrong - for people . 
  we are a social species . 
  we depend on society to live . 
  the more successful our society is , the better we live . 
  society can not be successful if murder is permitted . 
  same with theft , lying under oath ... you ca n't show , however , why gays are evil , why women are worthless , why infidels should be killed , why heretics should be burned along with their books , why condoms cause aids ... 
  good people do good things , bad people do bad things . 
  if you want good people to do bad things ( and believe they 're good things ) , you need religion ( or a horrible political ideology ) - for that you need uncritical acceptance / faith, 
  ... and the italian-slovenian border in gorizia-nova gorica, 
  * [ before ] ( http://confine.todm.it/media/photologue/photos/cache/008_piazza-transalpina_gallery_display.jpg ), 
  * [ after ] ( http://www3.comune.gorizia.it/turismo/sites/default/files/transalpina2_0.jpg ), 
   that 's not objective . 
  your entire argument rests on the unproved idea that human society is good and worth preserving . 
  in case you prefer a long , healthy , safe life [ [ 1 ] ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5x2-i_ponu ) with surplus time , goods and services , then it is worth preserving . 
  if you would like to argue in favour of the alternative , go right ahead . 
   good thing i 've claimed literally none of those things . 
  but religion has and continues to do so . 
  and you defend it as doing morality `` pretty well '' . 
   give me a system for determining who is good and who is bad, 
  good = concerned with the suffering of concious beings , works to minimise it and maximise their well being, 
  bad = the opposite of good, 
   people will always believe things , regardless of religion . 
  there are ways of minimising the amount of bad things people believe , the amount of time they believe them and the amount of damage that is done during that time . 
  those ways are , in aggregate , called the scientific method or scepticism and critical thinking more generally . 
  religion , on the other hand , offers non-discriminatory legitimation and dissemination to beliefs regardless of merit , accuracy , compatibility with reality and logic , etc. 
   that 's not how anyone serious experiences faith . 
  that 's how people looking for therapeutic self-affirmation experience faith . 
  would you say that religious populations are numerically dominated by the former or the latter ? 
   i 'm saying you have no objective basis to say it 's worth preserving . 
  i explained my objective basis . 
  life is better in modern by every objective measure that i know of when compared to more primitive ways of life . 
  the most basic of these is not getting beaten to death , for which i also provided a reference . 
  you 're welcome to check the others yourself . 
  also , you have the same problem . 
  '' ... which are necessary to a functional society . 
  you do n't have to agree with a particular social code of conduct in order for it to perform the function of preserving social stability . '', 
   not my religion . 
  and i was defending it as doing ethics pretty well . 
  you did no such thing : `` if we 're using the `` set of ethics that appeals to objective morality '' idea that i mentioned in my previous comment , religion does that pretty well . '', 
   but why is that good ? 
  suffering is bad and well being is good because , in the english language , that 's what those words mean .
