  ** it 's amazing . 
  not so much for car accidents , but this could be a real lifesaver for cardiac events ( with a plug and play defibrillator ) , allergy attacks ( with pen injectors loaded with antihistamines ) and all sorts of other emergent events . 
  you could also fit it with a medium sized screen ( tablet ) and a connection to a physician who could walk you through the simpler interventions , preparations before the emts arrive . 
  let 's not kid ourselves , most people do n't really know how to preform proper cpr . 
  step by step instructions and feedback could help a lot . 
  this is a field where seconds make the difference between life and death , save brain function , heart function , etc. 
  is that a big thing ? 
  west european governments investing heavily in proselytizing ? 
  that 's not really the same thing though . 
  how much food does switzerland produce ? 
   i do n't think you understand . 
  no-one says it 's okay to rape a woman, 
  i do n't think * you * understand . 
  when fringe feminists loose an argument to you , you 're a rapist . 
  yea , i 'm sure the reaction would be identical . 
  having lack of organisation and message discipline in your movement has negative effects . 
  it is , however , nobody 's fault but your own . 
  yea , wearing a shirt is the most violent thing since 9/11 . 
  if your performance can be compromised by this shirt you do n't belong in any position of responsibility because you 're an emotional infant . 
  feminist looses an argument to a -  a is rapist / pro-rape, 
  got it . 
  thanks . 
  you 're a rapist now, 
  no he did n't, 
  also , criticised and harassed are two different things . 
  do n't use a euphemism . 
  fine , but you do n't get to complain about a problem which is internal to your own movement as if it were some sort of external injustice . 
  when there are crazies speaking on your behalf and you do n't distance yourself from them that will reflect badly on you , as it should . 
  there would be no reaction whatsoever . 
  [ maybe not ] ( http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:major_nato_affiliations_in_europe.svg ), 
  i tend to ignore the public unrest icons . 
  they really do n't belong on this map . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://youtu.be/xg5goh2co1k?t=1m48s ), 
  * [ national geographic : comet catcher - the rosetta landing ] ( http://youtu.be/d9m177tkoeu ), 
  * [ discovery channel : rosetta mission - landing on a comet ] ( http://youtu.be/604cjndjamg ), 
  * [ bbc : rosetta - a sky at night special ] ( http://youtu.be/ttchl8umrni ), 
  just sample 5 min of each at the beginning . 
  the tone does n't really change . 
  i just do n't understand this guy any more . 
  what 's the long term plan here ? 
  dig in and hope for the best ? 
  i did n't know you were on reddit , masha . 
  it 's actually available in multiple languages . 
  i north korea the kim kardashian of countries ? 
  will do dumb , annoying shit for publicity . 
  holy looney tunes , batman !, 
  ecological footprint is a poor indicator of sustainability . 
  it 's an important factor , but in no way comprehensive or predictive of actual sustainability . 
  yes . 
  of cruel and illegal embargo . 
  thank you , brussels !, 
  source ? 
   the gypsies are n't going to get a state, 
  was n't aware they were asking for one . 
  source ? 
  he was no gandhi . 
  give rt 's editorial standards , this would just save them a few minuted of photoshop . 
  they 've been reporting that blackwater is there for months now . 
  [ not of anymore . 
  ] ( http://www.marketwatch.com/story/greek-growth-rates-put-germany-eurozone-to-shame-2014-11-14 ), 
  how the hell does norway have debt ? 
  america has a strong and strengthening currency as well as plenty of ink . 
  i 'd like to see you admit that your original parallel was fallacious before we continue with the exchange . 
  you 're obviously interested in nothing but crudely marketing your own thoughtless position . 
  i wo n't be a party to this pointless process . 
  we 're done . 
  i think muslim schools are n't really a thing in continental europe . 
  it 's the same anthem . 
  russia had a different one in the beginning but when putin got in , he brought the soviet one back . 
  rules can be changed . 
  or , better yet , defend our territorial waters . 
  we just got rid of him . 
  importing another one would be really regrettable . 
  [ more of these movies , yay !, 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/zctjmxrgsfg ), 
  fifth column for everybody !, 
  it has to include private investment . 
  no way those numbers would be as high if it were only public funds . 
  everting 's bigger in texas !, 
  the us has not invoked any of the relevant articles of the nato treaty regarding hamas or isis . 
  ergo , not a nato issue until and unless this changes . 
   the government was basically in the red the entire time . 
  and that was fine as long as you could compensate with the oil money . 
  once it ran out , game over . 
  that 's what happens when you break campaign financing rules . 
  besides , the party was n't banned , just disallowed from participation in the election where they campaigned with illegal money . 
  also , those votes just went to the socialists who still lost . 
  do people do that ? 
  i 've been following that site since the mess in ukraine started . 
  it 's good to have graphs :-), 
  it enacted meaningful antitrust laws . 
  our economy , our rules . 
  you do n't like them ? 
  take a hike . 
  being subject to a strengthened russian state owned monopoly is anything but profitable . 
  they also decided to build vega c. anyone know what that will look like ? 
  what would be the transliteration ? 
  glawnaya or something like that ? 
  edit : to me it looks a lot like centralnaya . 
  can that really be translated as main ?
