  i seem to remember timothy snyder citing different figures in his bloodlands lectures . 
  [ it makes things die ] ( https://youtu.be/utxxwcq20fw?t=13s ), 
  [ mi scusi ] ( https://youtu.be/zm4svkp76p8 ), 
  [ free full text here ] ( http://www.nature.com/articles/srep32108 ), 
  this stuff has been banned in the eu for some time . 
  guess unelected eurocrats are good for something after all . 
  you may have a blood pressure issue . 
  a lot of fumes on those oilrigs ? 
  one more update on the post brexit revival of eu defence integration . 
  for more , see the article . 
  am i stupid or did you make a mistake there ? 
  nobody is obligated to donate blood , tissue or organs in order to save adult people . 
  why should women be obligated to donate organ capacity for 9 months in order to preserve an as yet non-viable non-adult people ? 
  or , you know , just make them follow the law like everyone else . 
  that also works . 
  that 's irrelevant to the principle i outlined . 
  post-birth , there 's no legal obligation for parents to give parts of their own bodies to keep their kid alive . 
  i do n't see why that should be different before birth . 
  if the argument is that a human is a human from conception to death , then apply the same rules from conception till death . 
  yes, 
  that would n't work . 
  you should read article 7 of the lisbon treaty . 
  that was under bush and the neo-cons . 
  after obama 's asia pivot , those objections seem to have gone away , or have at least become less public - i ca n't be sure which . 
  should 've seen that . 
  thanks . 
  i 'm asking for consistency . 
  if it 's ok for the government to commandeer someone 's body for 9 months in order to preserve a life , it should be equally ok for the same government to demand blood or bone marrow donations from someone for the same reason . 
  refusing to donate blood or cutting your own blood flow to the placenta . 
  what , in principle , is the difference ? 
  some of us do n't live in the us . 
  the moral problem exists in the same way in both situations . 
  it should be addressed in the same way in both situations . 
  i wonder what amount of public support there would be if this sort of consistent moral approach were proposed . 
  it 's easy to be moral when somebody else is paying the price . 
  let 's see if people are still so married to their values when they also have to give up part of their own ability to choose . 
  their effectiveness is a world away from that of k-street . 
  image and video of the completed , functioning structure . 
  slovenia : east-west division, 
  yugoslavia had self-management . 
  it did n't work . 
  i 've given up trying to keep track of which subs forbid changing the title and to what degree ... ah well . 
  there 's an extra scene at the end ... it 's good . 
  ( hint : we found them ), 
  if we do n't have an active planetary defence system by then , we deserve to get hit . 
  the comet is very dark and you ca n't see through its coma when it gets close to earth . 
  just tell the republicans it 's wearing the biggest burka ever and headed straight for us . 
  there 's also a epilogue to that film which esa released very recently on their youtube page, 
  no such thing as bad publicity, 
  right now , things are going relatively well where i am . 
  well , that 's what the courts are for . 
  i 'm posting this here because i have no idea what it means and was hoping someone here could help me understand the implications . 
  any perspective would be much appreciated . 
  why would this matter to russia ? 
  if the saa win , the minorities wo n't be the ones being ethnically cleansed , the majority will be . 
  jews were a 30 % minority in british mandatory palestine in 1945 . 
  now they run the place without any notable challenge . 
  that 's what happens when you win a war in the middle east : demographics change in your favour . 
  then i guess the * total population * figure will drop significantly . 
  ] ( https://seenews.com/news/fitch-upgrades-slovenias-rating-to-a-outlook-stable-540901 ), 
  thanks for that . 
  that means the market would pay us to hold their money for 2 years . 
  slovenia can out of balkans !, 
   it worked for russia when napoleon was invading . 
  it may be good to remember that the russians tried everything else before resorting to the arson of moscow . 
  that 's the thing that bugs me about discussions of federalism in europe . 
  it 's always talked about as an across the board binary issue . 
  there 's no reason to go federal in all areas . 
  a more realistic conversation would be one where federalisation is discussed topic by topic , issue by issue . 
  europe already has federalism in several areas , most notably international trade and customs . 
  it has a mix of state and federal powers in things like environmental and energy policy . 
  and there are certain areas which are practically reserved for the states , like education and healthcare . 
  i 'm as pro-european as any non-fanatic can be , but i 'd probably have to answer the question with an ** i do n't know ** because i have no idea what it means . 
  i certainly do n't want federalisation across the board , but i think there 's plenty of areas where we could create added value by introducing common european capabilities . 
  we 're sick of them , in fact . 
  referendum ? 
  referendum . 
  in its place , they now have a decade of unchallenged tory rule to look forward to . 
  best of luck to the peasants . 
  well , that makes sense . 
  which is why it 's problematic by definition . 
  all of them would have to agree ... that * could * happen , but ... 
  the best way to fight the system is from the inside . 
  a monkey will correctly answer 50 % of yes/no questions about biology . 
  a creationist wo n't . 
  if it were n't for the word * dastardly * , you really could n't tell . 
  that 's probably another of those pointless brussels regulations we all keep hearing about . 
  free speech !, 
  sovereignty !, 
  actually , syrians are mostly white . 
  they 're still muslim though , so , close enough . 
  that 's not what the peasants were promised by the big red bus . 
  i think the term is a misnomer . 
  it definitely wo n't start with the army - that is to say , the home based land forces . 
  the more obvious place to begin is with the air and naval capabilities , the anti air defence , the logistics apparatus , the expeditionary forces . 
  these are areas where integration has a chance of producing substatial added value at comparatively low political cost . 
  i have to say i agreed with everything here until i remembered russia 's ukrainian adventure . 
  a series of moves that i have a hard time explaining in terms of russia 's best interests , but which have turned out to be very helpful to the current administration . 
  the internal factors should n't be ignored here . 
  the famine is a tragedy , but the more long term worry is the resurgence of polio .
