  this less than a hundred years after the massacres of the isonzo front . 
  the less impressive , the better . 
  high prices led to a massive increase in production - mainly high cost production . 
  overproduction caused lower prices - because supply and demand . 
  lower prices caused high cost production to not make sense anymore and some of that got shut down . 
  this and the continuing trend of growing oil demand in emerging markets shifted the supply demand balance back toward higher prices . 
  if it were n't for iran 's return to production , the increase in prices would be far more pronounced . 
  i have n't gone through the full text yet , but based on the summary , this seems quite interesting . 
  i do , however , wonder if it is n't a bit optimistic in as far as it assumes that the policies and practices of the merkel administration will survive beyond her retirement or even beyond the cdus time in power . 
  anyway , i look forward to reading the whole thing . 
  couple of tings . 
  first , the eu is n't crumbling . 
  whoever vote that is either pushing an agenda or jaws serious perception problems . 
  at this point i tend to react to statements like that in the same way i react to `` the west is decadent ! '', 
  second , military budgets in europe have dropped in recent years mainly because , here , it 's politically easier to cut defence than it is to cut social spending or hike taxes . 
  that 's reasonable enough . 
  i would , however , suggest that the dynamics you list in the second paragraph are n't without precedent . 
  granted , they mark a deterioration compared to the 8 or so years after 2000 , but that period was a clear deviation from the mean when observed in the context of modern european integration in its entirety . 
   the fact that there have been 2 real threats of countries leaving the eu in the past year, 
  for some reason , i ca n't seem to remember the second one . 
  could you help me out ? 
  busting one sides monopoly is definitely a step in the right direction . 
  itt putin 's troll factories are running at peak production, 
  it 's all about that first letter . 
  nobody wants to have astronauts do the building . 
  that would be really silly . 
  rick steves - the best of slovenia, 
  there may be a difference here between brexit voters and brexit activists/leaders . 
  the buried lead here is that the usual paradigm of ever rising demand may end forever as soon as 2020 - followed by a structural drop . 
  god help russia if that 's accurate . 
  i 'm not saying that it will . 
  the article argues that the rest of the world will replicate the dymanics which emerged in the usa and the eu in the past two decades as regards oil consumption . 
  this scenario would see total world demand for oil grow for a time , then flatten and ultimately begin to decline . 
  add to that the fact that oil alternative technologies will only increase in effectiveness and financial viability and the effects of the recently struck climate framework , and you can understand why that decline would continue for quite a while . 
  also , like previous instances of technological leapfrogging , it may be far steeper that the decline seen in the usa and the eu . 
  i have no idea where they get the 2020 timeframe . 
  personally , i think that 's too early . 
  i 'm from slovenia and i found it fascinating . 
  it has long interviews with the leaders of the day explaining what happened , step by step , from their vantage point . 
  makes it feel more real , like it might be hapenning in the here and now . 
  what got my attention :, 
   nord stream 2 , a gas pipeline that would circumvent ukraine and the baltic states . 
  the eu may block the deal ; privately , mrs merkel `` would be happy to see the project fold '' , says one of her advisers . 
  i was born in 91 so i have zero first hand knowledge about the topic . 
  if there 's something specific you want to know , go ahead and ask , but the situation as a whole is sort of vague - i 'm not really sure how to approach that one . 
  kosovo is a work in progress . 
  the economy is weak , the governance is typical of the region cca 15 years ago , but the security situation is stable enough . 
  the place does n't seem likely to flair up again on its own , but the north could be vulnerable to kremlin shenanigans . 
  i should mention that it 's probably bosnia which is at greater in this regard . 
  the dayton framework was never meant to become a permanent constitution , but that 's what ended up happening . 
  as a result , it 's virtually impossible for the government there to competently carry out its proactive responsibilities or even enact the most urgently needed reforms . 
  ad to that the nature of the entrenched leadership of the rs entity , and you 've got an ideal candidate for russian leverage in europe 's front yard . 
  the rest of the region has , and will continue to make incremental steps in the right direction - with the occasional step backwards . 
  but in bosnia , the constitutional framework needs to be rebuilt from the ground up - and i have no idea how that might happen . 
  and after all that work to ship them down there . 
  this is far from funny . 
  they 're doing just fine over here, 
  also , do they have the financial and logistical resources to do it if they had a reason ? 
  legion of dumb , assemble !, 
  and the euro is bad for business . 
  the last century was very kind to them . 
  here , not so much . 
   and he seems to have adopted a standoffish foreign policy to suit that . 
  not that this was the original plan . 
  it 's just that the original idea of turkish foreign policy has imploded , spontaneously combusted and the ashes were washed away by a flood of miscalculation . 
  poland has been more or less begging to have nato troops stationed there . 
  that would inevitably mean a large contingent from the bundeswehr . 
  and it has the same url as well , right ? 
  how come reddit didnt tell me about it ? 
  if you 're putin , you have to keep fear in line with inflation . 
  at the expense of american consumers . 
  guess i should 've said in line with consumer prices , huh ? 
  also , china . 
  pragmatic , for the most part . 
  given recent history , that 's a big improvement . 
  people are overwhelmingly concerned with their economic situation and have been for a while . 
  there are those in the political elite who try to use ethnic politics to distract from the above , but whatever effectiveness that tactic might have had in the past has now evaporated . 
  the two exceptions to this are kosovo and the rs entity inside bosnia . 
  that 's my opinion . 
  it may be a bit off , so you should probably get a few more to be sure . 
  the fp\u00d6 is a disgusting party with a long list of needlessly and irresponsibly dickish populist policies , but they 're not nazis . 
  we should also learn not to cry wolf . 
  actually , they 've been trying to become something else entirely for the past 5 or so . 
  and the winner of a free and fair election . 
  at some point , you 've got to admit that voters have some responsibility for the people they instal in power . 
  the re-mixing of religion and politics , the intesification of the press crackdown , the moves against kurdish mps , the aggressive pursuit of regional interests via proxy groups - these things have little to do with economic growth . 
  what are the chances that this whole putin thing is just an elaborate nato recruitment psyop gone horribly wrong ? 
  calling belarus , kazakhastan and kirgyztan strong is a bit of a stretch . 
  not in this generation anyway . 
  also , you do n't start with the army . 
  you start with a coast guard , a border force , maybe move on to a combined air defence , an integrated logistical framework ( not necessarily just for the military ) , an expeditionary capacity , that sort of thing . 
  stuff where there 's synergy to be exploited . 
  do n't feed the trolls . 
  the reason is an electoral system designed to confound rocket scientists . 
  maybe melania will . 
  morocco would have to resolve the western sahara issue before that idea would even be entertained in any place that matters . 
  it 's not an exotic idea . 
  eu naval operations have been surprisingly uncontroversial and well subscribed to by member states thus far . 
  a small border force is being put together which can reinforce the external frontier where the local authorities are overwhelmed . 
  it 's hardly an army .
