  is it also socialism ? 
  i meant what you call the whole collection of things that the state does to prevent and address poverty related issues . 
  that 's all i was trying to get across . 
  well , the article is n't so much about political ideology as it is about the structures of the welfare state sometimes called the nordic model - and how this model is best described . 
  as far as i know , socialism , socialist or social democracy are n't often used in this context in europe . 
  parties may argue about the details , but for the most part , it 's a matter of societal consensus to keep it . 
   in rasmussen 's view , `` the nordic model is an expanded welfare state which provides a high level of security to its citizens , but it is also a successful market economy with much freedom to pursue your dreams and live your life as you wish . '', 
  but in rasmussen 's view , this does n't amount to socialism at all . 
  fair enough , but it 's still important to realise that these are two very different things . 
  i hate you for being right . 
  this is a research reactor . 
  an actual powerplant would be a lot more expensive . 
  this is n't like the * molotov bread basket * , is it ? 
  no , it does n't . 
  this pathetic excuse for an article deserves to be downvoted below the k-t layer . 
  can you feel the freude ? 
  let 's begin with the ones that have set up their own so called people 's republic on the territory of a european country . 
  a fact is a fact even if it is n't empowering and inclusive . 
  reality is n't a liberal arts campus . 
  `` they 've got weapons ,, 
  fuck them , we 've got champagne '', 
  anyone know what russia 's actual number is ? 
  it should be noted that hungary has been in the process of joining esa for over ten years now . 
  during this time , esa has been running an incubation programe in hungary - as it does in all the candidates - to make sure that once membership is attained , the newbie state can hit the ground running . 
  its complicated . 
  there are certain parts of esa activities which are mandatory - those are funded based on gdp . 
  other programs are voluntary and are subscribed to by the member states - they finance a mission as mich as they want . 
  most of the exciting stuff is voluntary . 
  the mandatory segment is mostly the basic science and r & d. 
  there 's also the policy of fair return , which means that cca 90 % of a state 's contribution is spent inside said state . 
  this policy has exceptions like the laucher program , but basically it applies and serves to incentivise higher levels of participation in the voluntary perograms . 
  it is n't perfect , but it 's a lot bettet than any alternative i 'm aware of . 
  that 's the last port in the northern mediterranean . 
  does this mean nato gets +5 gold or something ? 
  not sure if it applies to all of them , but certainly to the utopian ones . 
  depends on how successful iter is . 
  a lot of the tech being tested and developed there is more or less transferable to the stelarator . 
  if both work iter and this thing work well , there 's a good chance that demo will be a child of both . 
  after that , deployment !, 
  right now it hosts cruise ships and russian yachts , but you never know ... 
  because turkish citisens have a right to legal action before the ecthr according to the echr to which turkey is a full party . 
  the court did what it 's empowered to do . 
  at the end of the day , turkey is an independent state with limited transnational commitments which means that its government can do pretty much whatever it wants inside the borders of the country . 
  they 're still quite similar machines in terms of the basic technological advances needed to build and operate them . 
  cars and trucks both need good tires , suspension , windshields , seat belts , gasoline tanks , exhaust systems , etc. 
  it 's not an eu court . 
  i 'm fairly sure that those people are dead by now . 
  lawsuits take time . 
  that 's a political decision , not a juditial one . 
  too bad . 
  fair enough, 
  china is n't a party to the european convention on human rights . 
  turkey is . 
  is north korea a signatory to the european convention on human rights ? 
  is turkey ? 
  yes . 
  the castle is still there . 
  you can go visit it . 
  the location is spectacular , btw . 
  yes . 
  that and can turn into an or depending on oil prices . 
  bran castle . 
  google it . 
  there 's always the arctic fleet . 
  northern fleet ? 
  i ca n't be bothered to check . 
  in case it 's too much of a bother getting a residency permit here , check into getting one in another schengen state . 
  those work just as well . 
  it should be noted that most of these rulings are respected and do get implemented . 
  other than that , principle ? 
  so , i guess we should under-ground them ? 
  i 'll show myself out . 
  you 're right to point out that demand for oil wo n't drop to zero . 
  however , it will drop well below global capacity for cheap production . 
  as a result , the price will drop below 20 and stay there permanently . 
  opec nations are n't financially set up for that reality . 
  also , opec as a cartel becomes completely pointless in that situation of everpresent oversupply . 
  i 'd say you should look at how quickly saudi is burning through its reserves and reconsider your conclusion . 
  and 54 was probably where they thought it would kill the competition and do so quickly . 
  what 's going on now was n't intentional . 
  it took [ a lot worse ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:chickamauga.jpg ) to consolidate the us . 
   apathy is a bitch in slovenia ... 
  who cares ... 
  esa management occasionally asks the member states to dish out some extra cash for these sorts of opportunistic missions . 
  given its potential , it 's still a shamefully underfunded institution . 
  esa 's internal structure makes it virtually impossible to back out of an agreement like this . 
  nasa , however , is at the mercy of congress . 
  huh ? 
  does the budget bill say who has to build the lander ? 
  it 's not like they 're predicting some great disaster :, 
   the bank is predicting that recessions in brazil and russia will bottom out in 2016 , that china will experience only a modest growth slowdown from 6.9 % to 6.7 % and that india will continue to expand at a robust pace . 
  all this is , is the real world failing to live up to past projections of the pace of improvement - not the apocalypse . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  zombies on wall street ? 
  not gender , sex and the frequency thereof . 
  if people knew a meltdown was imminent , they would cause it to become even more imminent . 
  the way markets work makes it impossible to have high confidence predictions of major shifts and their timing . 
  you think it 's better to live in a smaller country , holding economic factors equal ? 
   because my opinion carries more weight and i can live in and influence things to be more in line with my world opinions . 
  the assumption here seems to be that the ability of a country to influence things remains constant regardless of size .
