  this is the case in some areas , but not all . 
  you 're ok woth the other ... um , features ? 
  that 's enough to do a spectrographic analysis of the atmosphere . 
  eelt has first light in 2022 as well . 
  when the thoughtful choose to stay silent , those who remain get more of a voice . 
  liberals need to face the fact that if they wo n't speak up about the catastrophic problems within a unreformed islam , all they 'll achieve is the promotion of trump style politics . 
  let 's begin with the scumbags who shot a plane full of europeans out of the sky last year . 
  depends on the quality of your representative government . 
  if they do n't start making an international edition in english soon , i may just have to learn french . 
  they do , however , legally subordinate the public broadcasters to the government thereby defeating the purpose of having a public broadcaster in the first place . 
  it 's not tyranny , just partisan theft of public property . 
  thanks . 
   there is a fear of a developing european superstate further interfering and overriding uk legislature . 
  is n't the uk itself a superstate ? 
  i did n't mean to imply they were the same , just that fear of a superstate in the uk of all places seems a bit odd to me . 
  it 's the sort of thing i 'd sooner expect the baltic states to be worried about . 
   they have left wing governments so its not a problem, 
  they also have the good sense to deny this sleazy practice as opposed to enshrining it in law . 
  aside from the cynical effect of plausible deniability , this also makes it politically costly to manipulate public broadcasters too overtly . 
  over time the standard for what counts as overt tightens and it becomes less and less advantageous for this kind of abuse to take place . 
  that 's the key difference . 
  when you legalise it , you kill all hope of progress toward a more independent institution aimed at working for the public interest . 
  i was with you till you said it was on par with rt. 
  read the article . 
  texas used to have some of the cheapest to produce oil in the world . 
  the fact that they 're now a relatively high price producer is new . 
  their vulnerability is new in this cycle . 
  jews drink at half price . 
  shalom, 
  slovenia can into central yurop . 
  for the in-space links . 
  does n't really work inside the atmosphere . 
  those costs remain on top of your higher bill because the global situation has n't changed . 
  if russia 's primary primary hope for gaining influence beyond their borders were its military , you 'd have a point . 
  nato was n't set up to counter the sort of shady hybrid approaches now exposed by the kremlin . 
  the eu is the sole organisation with the legal and institutional capacity to act as a shield against this novel threat . 
  i do n't know that us policy will be what makes the decisive difference here . 
  good guy tunisia . 
   a political entity based upon greed, 
  huh ? 
  that 's when the sovereign debt problem started and dragged down lending across the board . 
  also , subsidies were cut to balance state budgets at the same time . 
  in europe the law requires that they be removable . 
  or a few of [ these guys ] ( http://www.councilofelrond.com/wp-content/uploads/modules/my_egallery/gallery/characters/group/twotowers/helmsdeep/coetttbs_dvd_archers1.jpg ), 
  this is significant because belarus is the second biggest country between the eu and russia after ukraine . 
  it 's also been the most reliably attached to russia of the group . 
  this changed noticeably after the invasion of ukraine . 
  it seems lukashenko now wants to play both sides of the board and that the eu is willing to let him do it . 
  i have nothing but love for the copernicus system . 
  this is the first time we 'll have a comprehensive , continuous , real-time environment monitoring constellation up there . 
  i do n't really get why this is n't a bigger story . 
  am i just too much of a geek ? 
  the data from the existing constellation was instrumental in nailing down the specifics of the paris accords . 
  also , this an eu project , esa is simply tje contractor . 
  out have to give he guy credit . 
  he 's been milking moskow for subsidies and cheap gas for years and he still wo n't give them that airbase . 
  and now he 's the main sanctions buster while knowing full well that he 'll get away with that too . 
  great fun . 
  that 's a lie , you 're a terrible liar . 
  so dishonest . 
  come on , the music is n't that bad . 
  that , i could get used to . 
  of course ours looks a lot better . 
  zhat 's the exam question . 
  find the solution :, 
  1 . - jews ( 15 pts ), 
  this is space . 
  it 's not about distance . 
  it 's about [ \u0394v . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/delta-v_budget#earth.e2.80.93moon_space.e2.80.94high_thrust ), 
  a lot of this is blowback from the unreasonable anti-nuclear movement which has resulted , for instance , in priority displacement of nuclear over coal in europe . 
  but , hey , the damage is done now . 
  no sense in making a second mistake by rebuilding an infrastructure which would be on its way out either way . 
  it comes down to the fact that coal is cheap and easy ( unless you 're sitting on insane amounts accessible gas ) . 
  it also does n't require any complicated two way grid capability or long term waste disposal . 
  it has a future in india and africa . 
  even a broken clock is right twice a day, 
  this is n't accurate . 
  i regularly travel across 2 of those red lines and have n't been slowed down once since this circus began . 
  a more accurate map should concentrate on the places where movement is actually in some way restricted , as opposed to just creating an info graphic of every announcement of temporary controls of one sort or another . 
  imagine if you did this with droughts . 
  the moment some part of a country in europe declared a drought , you color the whole state red and leave it that way till droughts stop hapenning . 
  that 's right . 
  a number of these lines are based on outdated information . 
  others are misleading in as far as they imply controls along the entire border - for instance : the border between austria and slovenia is technically and legally now subject to controls as per the schengen rules ; what you ca n't see on this map is that the practical implementation of this involves the two countries using a single crossing to process migrants ( border controls ) , while leaving the rest of the connections open as normal . 
  in other words , this map is going about as far as it possibly can without explicitly lying . 
  the only places which justify a red line on a map are the borders between hungary and croatia ( fence ) , slovenia and croatia ( cheaper fence ) and macedonia and greece . 
  friday i 'm in ... gulag ? 
  esa is pretty much isolated from politics . 
  well , he may not be fundamentally incompatible with modernity . 
  this is just how things go with eu accession . 
  italy did it to slovenia , slovenia did it to croatia , now croatia is doing it to serbia . 
  per ops comment , if croatia actually wanted to stall serbia 's accession , they would 've simply withheld the thousands of pages of legal translations of eu law . 
  it took croatia a lot of time and effort to put that together and they were under no obligation to hand it over to the other balkan states , but they did . 
  that accelerated serbia 's accession a lot more than this slows it down . 
  they 're also larger national entities . 
  in the east , and north , the regional associations fill some of the role that the smaller states ca n't handle on their own - or that 's the idea . 
  the russia-belarus union state is a special snowflake here needless to say . 
  i remember when we joined schengen , they made a big deal out of dismantling a one meter high fence on the border with italy . 
  it 's been interesting to follow the local news and see how the two cities on either side of the ex-fence are slowly combining municipal infrastructures from public transport to healthcare .
