  they could n't even maintain their own existance . 
  it would 've had to hurry seeing as it turned into a pumpkin a little while later . 
  nato 's a serious international organisation . 
  either you have a legally binding treaty or you do n't . 
  russia do n't . 
  no idea . . 
  i just xposted it from r/europe, 
  also , tax may include healthcare . 
  these are formal exemptions . 
  i can report first hand that the southern austrian border is not manned . 
  also , at the apex of the refugee movement , you were fine as long as you had an eu id card - no one was asked for a passport . 
  and i never will . 
  because it sux !, 
  yea , i 'm just packing up a book and heading to my favourite riverside spot in the alps for the rest of the weekend . 
   north cyprus is de facto independent country . 
  de facto , northern cyprus is a turkish protectorate at best . 
  regardless of what `` everyone thinks '' , the reality is that some people are and others are not . 
   the most affected, 
  this is really messing with my head . 
  when , afew years ago , my country made a couple of unforced errors , the explanation was that we 're a small , young country which still has a number of institutional bugs to work out and that we could n't comapre ourselves with the likes of switzerland or the uk . 
  what the hell , guys !, 
   `` we have n't put forward a lot because , as we know , there are differences within the cabinet about the sort of brexit that we are heading for and until those differences are further resolved i think it 's very difficult for us to have a clear position . '', 
  given that the clock has been ticking for some time , this is quite bad . 
   there 's children without water in this country, 
  there are not . 
  iirc , the uk did n't have net-neutrality legislation till it was adopted at european level . 
  so , once that lapses , ... :(, 
  she 's not our problem anymore . 
  i like that you maintain a consistent level of accuracy in your comments . 
   part of the uk 's problem is that it has done very little of its own work on the financial side of brexit . 
  can someone explain what the ministry for brexit has been doing since it was created ? 
  from where i am , it seems that the lack of own work is n't restricted to the financial side . 
  it 'd be a lot easier if the people who ran the leave campaigns had either some sort of plan ( remember those ? 
  ) , or a wilingness to take charge after the vote . 
  they should gift wrap him and send him to tel aviv . 
  i 'm not sure anybody else wants the job right now . 
  i bet you 're just another expert . 
  where 'd you get the idea that the puncher was a leftie ? 
  that 's why they also give out ice cream in the winter . 
  we could judt call it [ `` the event '' ] ( https://youtu.be/iwbierhsehg ), 
  remain indoors !, 
  good bot, 
  the only thing i can think of is that we 're big on net neutrality and privacy as compared to the eu average . 
  but basically you can just copy-paste the common european position on these areas . 
  while these assholes deserve whatever they get , i find it pretty creepy that a few companies can seriously fuck with you based exclusively on the fact that they dislike you . 
   once again we find that the human beings are the most irrational species that exists, 
  cus that 's how you build space stations - by being the most irrational . 
  as if that makes any difference whatsoever . 
  there 's usually some sort of process though . 
  the irony defenitely is n't lost on me : `` first , they came for the nazis ... '' lol, 
  still , creeps me out . 
  in germany , when a group is banned , there 's court process . 
  that 's what i was thinking of . 
  has been for a long time , tbh, 
   here 's hoping eu steps up and figures this out meanwhile . 
  what ? 
  let 's also pretend that math is thing with real world consequences . 
  one of the reasons i do n't like it when people call him a social democrat . 
  in europe , sd parties have serious governing platforms which are n't based on magical math . 
  but , hey , that 's populism for you . 
  anything to get ahead - once you get there , just improvise !, 
  a good principle to keep in mind :, 
   never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity . 
  you ca n't base a country 's economic policy on the assumption that record high prices of a volatile commodity will remain high indefnitely - because they wo n't . 
  that was a fact known at the time . 
  i have no idea when he said it , but it was certainly known when he did . 
  it 's interesting that some countries have very little , if any , medium population ( orange ) areas . 
  actually , interbellum germany has a lot less of it than i would expect , as does western france and hungary has practically none of it despite being flat . 
  on the other hand , plenty of orange in ireland , parts of austria , bavaria , slovenia , all of slovakia . 
  just looking at the fact that he was anything less than alarmed at venzuelas ' fiscal policy makes his judgement suspect in my eyes . 
  on a more domestic note , his proposals from the campaign were unrealistic simply given the legislative numbers needed to pass any of them . 
  not that their projected $ 18 tn cost is all that great either . 
  [ original thread here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6uguwl/beekeeping/ ), 
   that seems surprisingly extreme . 
  is it ? 
  the border areas in the east are n't particularly puilt up , so you mostly have crossings in places where highways go from the eu to russia , belarus , etc. 
  are you saying that there is corruption on many sides , many sides . . 
  brexit may not stop it , but it can certainly repeal it once it 's done . 
  a ni to dobr ? 
  is that the pkan now , the norway model ? 
  because it 's been a while since the vote and i 'm still not clear on what britain 's intended outcome is for these negotiations . 
  there are a lot of potential reasonable outcomes . 
  all of them , however , are complex and institutionally demanding . 
  so , unless the details get worked out and a functioning framework is built in time , it makes no difference that they 're possible . 
  building a moon colony is technically possible , but if you do n't do the work , it may as well not be . 
  miro - the destroyer - cerar, 
  years of forced secularisation did a lot of good in turkey . 
  shame it 's being reversed now . 
  oh look , there 's a plan now , more than one even . 
  better late than never , i guess . 
  cliff may have upper hand . 
  taxes on trump 's rubles . 
  [ the news was recieved with great interest in brussels ] ( http://c0.thejournal.ie/media/2014/11/jean-claude-juncker-2-752x501.jpg ), 
  i hate trump , but i 'll have a black coffee . 
  thanks . 
  plant poison is people poison !, 
  if people next me on public transport started talking and there were empty seats , i 'd switch as well . 
  how about just creating dis-incentives for destructive behaviour ? 
  had she managed it , the collective sentence for the 15 would be far more than 10 years . 
  the threat is real .
