  sometimes the state will help with large infrastructure investemts , but it 's mainly a local government affair day to day . 
  they just do n't want to be seen supporting government policy , that 's all . 
  the fact that they abstained speaks volumes about how broadly supported this idea is . 
  this does n't say it has to be provided free of charge to everyone . 
  just that it has to be provided to everyone . 
  and that private enterprise is restricted such that it does n't compromise this access . 
  nope . 
  also , the national government has a very limited role . 
  it 's a local government affair and therefore is n't all that far removed from the people affected . 
  it says access of households to clean drinking water . 
  it does n't make it free for everyone though . 
  the constitutional guarantee is new , but all it does is to take long standing policy and making it a constitutional provision . 
  up until now it 's been a mix of laws regulations and other sub-legal acts which amounted to the same thing in practice . 
  the quote is, 
   water resources represent a public good that is managed by the state . 
  water resources are primary and durably used to supply citizens with potable water and households with water and , in this sense , are not a market commodity . 
  essentially it means that water resources are n't a regular market commodity in as far as their first and overriding allocation is as potable water for all persons and households . 
  so you ca n't put water to some industrial use which would compromise that basic function and it 's the state which is responsible for this sort of management - either directly ( in practice only when some large investment is undertaken ) or by delegation to local government as has been the case for a long time . 
  it 's still ok to sell concessions and licenses for all sorts of commercial uses , but not ok to sell water resources outright . 
  an individual or a company ca n't buy a spring , but they can rent one . 
  right now , and for quite a long time , running water has been provided by local utility companies owned by one or more municipalities . 
  normally people pay for their home to be connected to the network and after that , upkeep fees in proportion to their water usage . 
  in the event that someone is unable to pay , they need to show that they are n't able to pay and are n't disconnected . 
  they still owe the balance though . 
  yes . 
  tap water is n't traded like any other resource - in accordance with supply and demand . 
  it 's provided by public utilities for the cost of upkeep and a minimal volume fee . 
  legally prioritising household portable water supply over commercial use is n't an empty promise , it 's a very practical precaution . 
  if you read the text of the amendment instead of the headline , you 'd know that that 's what was done . 
  there 's a reason opinion polls have an idk option . 
  ballots should as well . 
  but it 's not counted in as far as the idk option ca n't win . 
  unless there 's a quorum - i guess that 's basically what i want , a quorum for direct democracy . 
  as far as parliamentary elections go , i think the areas where nonvoters have a plurality should be represented by an empty seat . 
  regarding every topic in existance btw . 
  and vote, 
  the single amrket is different from a trade agreement . 
  it requires regulatory harmonisation - the thing people say screws them . 
  no regulatory harmonisation , no single market . 
  slovenia : how dare you !, 
  right now it 's just a matter of urgent cooperation against a common enemy . 
  what it actually turns into in the long term wo n't be clear till the post conflict settlement . 
  more than that , it frees up a lot of saa manpower . 
  there 's a lot less line to cover now . 
  i wonder if they 'll divert some of it to intercepting euphrates shield . 
  it 's preferable to air pollution . 
  i do n't have to drink river water , but the air - i have no choice . 
  whiter than the us and less christian, 
  or until the demographic reality is changed to match the current borders . 
  see it in private mode . 
  there used to be millions of germans in eastern prussia as well . 
  they certainly have the manpower to occupy gotland . 
  it took a few years to develop , build and launch the prototypes ( 2005 ) . 
  after that , they tested them and made improvements to the design . 
  then they repeated the process one more time ( 2011 ) . 
  the bulk of the 18 were manufactured and launched from 2014 onward . 
  if you 're sweden , you want to make russia think that gotland is n't even an option . 
  if you do n't count police killings in the us , you do n't get to count `` tragic accidents '' in russia either . 
  fair is fair . 
  everything you mention is perfectly in realm of normal daily politics . 
  what is n't is the political interference in media and the judiciary . 
  those are n't supposed to be directly impacted by elections . 
  they 're meant to be a stabilising element in the face of natural democratic fluctuatuins . 
  even if you could isolate this from the cascade of regional security inplications , it would still be questionable . 
  rs is an economically depressed area . 
  i 'm not sure serbia would be interested in subsidising it for the next 50 + years . 
  you could ask the same question about romania and moldova , where the knock on effects would be far more limited , but where the economic discrepancy is just as daunting . 
  democracy is always a limited proposition . 
  that 's the function of constitutions - to limit democratic decision making . 
  happened here with a regular chair and a 1,5 t. 
  they just pulled it away with bungee cords . 
  wait , any philips machine or are there specific models with this feature ? 
  good to know . 
  thanks . 
  * money for nothing and chicks for free *, 
  this one is actually creepier, 
  so the big question is , what 's the break even price for the marginal barrel if you wanted to produce an extra million bpd from tight oil . 
  if that were below 60 $ you 'd be seeing a lot more production right now , would n't you ? 
  make them a package . 
  lol, 
  but forcing people to wear undergarments in public is perfectly fine ? 
  if you can legislate against indecent exposure , you can go the other way as well . 
  i agree . 
  the far right and cpnservative muslims are both a threat to a well functioning , modern society and should be opposed at every opportunity . 
  bearing your face is a matter of law and order . 
  no balaklavas either !, 
  the point is you can find a technical justification for any arbitrary cultural norm . 
  the burka ban is no different from the ban on exposing breasts in some parts of the us . 
  you really do n't need to cry fascism at every law you disagree with . 
  super !, 
  if you do n't like it , it 's fascist . 
  any ice cream flavours you 'd like to ad to the list ? 
  the 2004-11 numbers for slovenia were massively inflated by the realestate bubble . 
  aside from that , the czechs have had a much stronger industrial base for a long time . 
  that 's an admirably consistent stance . 
  it is , however , one with which most people disagree - including muslims . 
  the reason anonymous testing is n't included is because it 's not anonymous if it 's charged to your personal insurance id, 
  well , that 's democracy . 
  an ignorant voter has the same weight as an informed one . 
  most people are n't qualified to think productively about most things .
