  it 's clear from my tone which i think is more likely . 
  also , havings of be fascist , homogender and jew, 
  the idea is to use this to gather data and use that data in the design of a perfected version during the pride program ( by 2020 ) . 
  the uses for that are many ; development of runway landable reusable rocket stages , satellite servicing , microgravity experimentation , sample return technology transfer , development of cargo and crew re-entry ... 
  q&a video :, 
  [ comet for scale ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2015/01/23/24fbdeb100000578-2923681-us_and_european_scientists_have_revealed_amazing_new_images_of_c-a-61_1422029491798.jpg ), 
  yes, 
  why would anybody pay attention to your wishes if you do n't exercise what little power you have in the political system ? 
  the voter turnout makes no difference whatsoever to the politicians with the power to make a difference in this regard . 
  they always pretend that their feelings are hurt , but i hope you do n't think that 's sincere or , worse yet , could actually lead to a change in policy . 
  the only incentive that works on these people is a credible threat to their position . 
  this can only be produced by voting . 
  a `` boycott '' has precisely 0 impact . 
  from what i understand , the normal penalty is a minor fine . 
  just enough to motivate the lazy . 
  i really love how much this mission has captured public attention in so many different ways . 
  this is as it should be . 
  i think you 'll find it 's far more than 3/4, 
  i 'm just a different sort of lazy . 
  i like pictures better than reading . 
  this is partly a consequence of convenience and partly of us policy . 
  every attempt to build a viable european defense structure has been blocked by washington either directly or via london for the past 50 years . 
  can i just go on record as saying that nominal gdp maps are a waste of time ? 
  it is n't completely this , but a lot of what it shows is that big countries are big and small countries are small . 
  just divide it with population or surface area or number of bananas ... anything really, 
  only to find that it contains their own designs, 
  rt warned us about this . 
  i guess i 'll start practising my lisp . 
  is that pinker ? 
  so is crimea , but it did n't matter there either . 
  i 'd seen the pictures before , but the article is definitely worth reading . 
  i 'm confused . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  the colonies often claim some of our advancements . 
  we 're just happy the kids are happy . 
  at least he 's telling it like it is . 
  civil liberties and fighting terrorism are mutually exclusive . 
  people have to decide where they want to place their national safety/liberty ratio . 
  the reality is you ca n't have 100 % of both . 
  great question . 
  this is the best i could find ( pdf warning !, 
  i feel that [ this ] ( http://cronodon.com/sitebuilder/images/insect_muscle_am_ratios-600x568.jpg ) ( the top 2 obviously ) would be a more efficient use of land area . 
  does anyone know whether i 'm right or wrong ? 
  i bet you stop at red lights . 
  you deserve neither . 
  i know . 
  i just wanted to make the title snappy . 
  humans ... lol, 
  was going to say the same thing , but i 'm bit sure how green it is at the end of march . 
  may would be better . 
  the eu keeping a secret and successfully executing a covert action . 
  mhm, 
  there 's more to it than that . 
  ukraine pre-paid for the gas over the winter . 
  the issue is that moscow delivered gas to the separatists and took that out of what ukraine paid for . 
  ukraine is saying they do n't accept that a part of the gas they paid for was delivered to the separatist regions . 
  if you do n't have administrative control over an area , you ca n't be responsible for providing services there either . 
  it 's just basic common sense . 
  not that that matters to propaganda trolls . 
  * except for the purposes of tank , apc and artillery deliveries, 
  the same goes for the dprk and kim iii . 
  it seems that taking complete control over information is a very popular political move . 
  no , we just think that russia charging ukraine for the gas used by its own invasion forces is distasteful . 
  those have been paid for fair and square . 
  what are you , a commie ? 
  gas deliveries do n't go from russia to ukraine . 
  they go from gazprom to naftogaz . 
  if you deliver your product to someone other than the costumer , it 's a bit rich to expect the costumer to pay for said product . 
  that 's fine so long as the same principle applies to a certain northern neighbour of georgia . 
  i 'm saying that when naftogaz pre-payed gazprom for a certain amount of gas , gazprom should have delivered that gas to naftogaz . 
  if you order a new laptop online and the delivery guy just tosses it over your fence into your pool , you should either get your money back or have a second laptop properly delivered . 
  the european kind , too, 
  would n't any cumulative debt repayment chart look like this ? 
  am i missing something here ? 
  what makes this chart so special ? 
   there are those of us who are british citizens who live elsewhere in the world and like having access to all the uk programming we enjoy . 
  this applies to non-british citizens as well . 
  it 's a trap !, 
  [ ni vse , je pa za za\u010detek ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-15-2980_en.htm ), 
  better stock up on ... wait , what does venezuela make , again ? 
  sexual , obviously, 
  not to mention bandera ,, 
  there 's an argument for producing goods which are cheap and do n't last for long in those cases where technological advancement is rapid . 
  example : i have no interest in paying more for a computer so that it can last for 15 years instead of 5 . 
  which would go a long way toward explaining why saudi is flooding the market with oil . 
  they want to get as much of it out of the ground and out of their hands as possible before there is n't much of a market for it any more . 
  could n't be happening to nicer group of baddies . 
  i like the fact that they 've kept updating it . 
  i think they cut the important bit out of the picture . 
  here it is, 
  mainly two factors :, 
  * good news does n't get printed because a ) it does n't sell papers/get ratings or b ) because it 's not news - nobody files a report for the evening news saying that life continued as normal in namibia for yet another year, 
  * human psychology is wired to overestimate risk because the conditions in which our brains evolved demanded it . 
  if you overreact to the possibility of an approaching predator , this has a minimal cost . 
  if you under-react , it 's game over for your genes -  genes for under-reaction get weeded out quite quickly , the genes for overreaction do n't . 
  slightly less healthy tuna for first world people who have plenty of other options is a small price to pay for the provision of clean indoor light to many millions of people in poor countries . 
  your source does n't really justify a claim pertaining to the general situation in the whole country over a period of years . 
  thank you for not using the b word . 
  edit : for those who do n't know : http://youtu.be/bwdrhqnz9lo, 
  shut up !,
