  certainly a country with the resources of britain , both human and financial , should be able to beat our results . 
  we would definitely be able improve our numbers if we had that sort of money ( and everything else ) to work with . 
  not just the mediterranean , but the black sea and caspian basins as well . 
  this would definitely be a money saver . 
  that 's easy enough to say , but unless we have a better alternative on the table it 's pointless, 
  what improvements would you make ? 
  the following is my sincere response to the above . 
  please forgive me if i wrote some things in a way which seems aggressive or rude . 
  i do n't mean to be either , but i do feel passionate about a number of the issues raised here and i may have gotten carried away at times . 
  i appreciate the exchange though and thank you for the exhaustive reply . 
   it 's pushing for reforms without any discussion on their merits and is rarely ever being questioned . 
  the commission can push all they want ... in the end , it 's the national governments which either enact a reform or do n't . 
  the commission has virtually no mechanism to force any member to do anything outside the treaty provisions ( which is presumably what we 're talking about ) . 
   ... leaders of the eu which are only trying to sell you the measure and have no interest in discussing it 's wider ramifications . 
  the time for considering wider ramifications was before the public finances of the effected members spontaneously combusted . 
  given the situation , our choices are restricted by math , not membership . 
  there 's always the go-to solution of inflating our way out of debt , but you are very clever about not proposing specific alternatives , so as to avoid a discussion about the disadvantages of whatever idea you 're thinking of . 
   ... but it did n't unite the people . 
  and it 's not the people 's fault . 
  this is an interesting idea of democracy that you seem to be working from . 
  `` the people '' should be in ultimate control of everything , but when something goes wrong or is n't done and somebody notices it in hindsight , it 's never `` the people '' 's fault . 
  it is n't `` the people '' 's fault when public spending structurally grows beyond income - they benefit , but god forbid anyone was held responsible for receiving too much farm subsidies or unjustifiable drought compensation for uninsured crops or a pension bonus that nobody ever paid for . 
  let 's just find a scape goat in a local , national of european functionary because that makes us all feel better about how we 're not to blame for any part of the problem and did n't benefit from it at all . 
   the corrupt is a problem in each country on it 's own and now they can combine their efforts in exhausting resources of the entire region . 
  the entire eu budget is equivalent to less than 1 % of the region 's gdp compared to about 50 % of gdp which is spent by national governments . 
  if you have a problem with corrupt and inefficient bureaucracy , you will find the vaist majority of it in the same place it 's been for a long time : at home . 
   eu has no vision . 
  true . 
  and you have n't helped ( yet ) . 
   ... consumes massive resources and manpower and demands it 's members to accept many policies that are directly harmful to their local economies in return for some vague promises of unity , social mobility and opportunity . 
  again , the eu budget is only 1 % of gdp and of that budget 6.3 % is spent on administration . 
  there is certainly room for cuts , but let 's keep things in perspective , shall we ? 
  when it comes to policy decisions , members have a great deal of influence on new legislation via the council , which ca n't really pass anything with as little as a simple majority , but needs at least a quite high qualified majority in some areas and unanimity in most areas of action to get anything new done . 
  it 's not really serious to show member states as some sort of victim here even though it 's very convenient for national politicians to do this when something goes badly . 
  `` not my fault ! '', 
   ... ( the eu ) demands it 's members bend over to the global free market which local economies in many countries are in no position to compete with . 
  dude , reality demands it . 
  there is no way in hell you can possibly have a viable economic model based on protectionism in a market of 100 million people or less when the rest of the world is making connections and passing you by . 
  but , again , you very cleverly never actually suggested anything that could be criticized . 
   we went from 1.9 billion of external debt to 53.88 billion usd . 
  large majority of this we have accumulated since 2001 . 
  that 's a ridiculous number and you 'll never hear anyone talking about it . 
  it 's impact on our freedom to self determination is scary . 
  public debt went from 31 % in 2005 to 53 % in 2012 . 
  we are now dependent on our creditors . 
  this is all due to the fact that slovenia embraced the neoliberal economic model with open hands . 
  it 's due to the fact that public spending was higher than tax income and it will get higher than it is because our banks need a bail-out due to a breed of corruption that was domestically grown in its entirety . 
  anyone pointing a finger elsewhere is simply distracting us from the problems which got us into this and therefor standing in the way of a solution . 
   as long as they meet some targets which in no way imply a successful project , just a completed one , they get the funds . 
  yes . 
  the criteria for being granted public funds should be changed . 
   i 'd say that at this time it 's on the apologists or supporters of the current eu to explain how they see the role of eu in the future and how this is to benefit the average citizen . 
  i think it 's equally the responsibility of everyone who lives here , unless they want to withdraw from it . 
   it 's an unelected convoluted body that makes all the major decisions . 
  how in the hell is that ok ? 
  it 's elected just like the executive in slovenia - by a majority of parliamentarians and some sort of majority in the council . 
  consistency please . 
   the eu , as is , is harmful to our national interest . 
  it provides a forum for peaceful resolution of conflicts between neighboring countries and incentives to that same end . 
  it has facilitated and continues to facilitate trans-national cooperation on issues that can not be effectively or fairly tackled on a national level . 
  it provides agencies independent of national governments which asses their performance and regularly publish authoritative information that embarrasses them , but benefits society in the long term . 
  it guards against human rights abuses which are all too often convenient in daily national politics . 
  and in my personal opinion the most important thing it does is that it disperses power ( somewhat ) from national centers . 
   these are self sustaining parasitic systems that need a serious and honest evaluation accompanied by a broader vision for our societies . 
  parasites are things that you remove and the situation improves . 
  do you think conditions would improve if we removed national and european governance structures ? 
   is eu imperative to the happiness and prosperity of the slovenian people ? 
  i find that to be a problematic question . 
  slovenia does not exist in a vacuum and never will . 
  our fate has always been and will continue to be intertwined and depended upon out neighbors and their neighbors beyond . 
  like it or not , the economy is no longer a national entity , neither is crime , pollution , climate change , science , medicine , information etc. 
  the fact is that we have to share the continent , and without a legal , institutional framework - we do n't do it very well . 
  history shows as much . 
  this is why i 'm so damn insistent on having an alternative to replace what now exists before tarring it down . 
  the eu is n't perfect , far from it , but it 's the best we 've been able to build in the last 1500 years . 
  let 's make sure we have something better to go with before we abandon it . 
  edit : spell check, 
  i understand they have a new building ... is it nice ? 
  the vox populi consoles are certainly fun . 
  it 's not like turkey or ukraine will be normatively ready to join any time soon ... not really a problem, 
  as for the core vs periphary ; we 're already transitioning to a concentric circle model . . so i do n't really see that as a problem either . 
  we just need to adopt the wikipedia eventualist attitude -  * everybody having free access to the sum of all human knowledge * ... notice the lack of a deadline . 
  thanks to the op of the overall report here :, 
  ok , couple of small points first :, 
  i know i wrote some things in the heat of the moment which were n't as considered as they should have been , so i added the top paragraph at the end to try and explain myself . 
  the thing is , i find it really difficult to discuss something like this without some specific , tangible ideas . 
  if we simply limit ourselves to generalities and principles we run a very serious risk of doing nothing but drek me\u0161amo . 
  everybody involved ends up dirty and smelling bad without anything productive to show for it . 
   there are plenty of ideas of how to approach these issues but it 's impossible to condense them into a vision for the purposes of this discussion . 
  oh , come on , you could always just list the ones you 're most fond of . 
   nations do exist outside the eu in europe . 
  why is it so unimaginable slovenia would have chosen that path ? 
  yes , and all of them other than russia and belarus are either trying to join or are in various forms of integration with the eu which subject them to ( most ) eu law but give them no representation in the institutions which make the law ( switzerland , iceland , norway , andorra and the other micro-states ) . 
  i think you may find this quick run-through interesting : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o37yjbfrrfg, 
  it is n't unimaginable , it 's just that it would be an inferior option compared to what we have now . 
   ( the commission is ) the lawmaker of the eu with the powers to enforce the laws and treaties through courts . 
  i 'm sure you know this . 
  the commission is not the lawmaker of the eu . 
  the parliament and the council are the eu legislative bodies . 
  the commission essentially just mediates between the parliament and the member states in the council .
