  moreover , a significant proportion of this traffic came from outside italy , with 10 % coming from santiago de chile . 
  forgot to mention this , did we ? 
  that only holds for people who do n't know how to reed statistics . 
  granted , that 's most people , but the qualification should still be noted . 
  i love how it ended with a tour de force . 
  til, 
  thanks, 
  courts are n't supposed to be elected . 
  they 're there to make sure the elected people do n't mess up too badly . 
  to be fair , most of us do n't have 24h cable news - thank science almighty, 
  it 's a bit rich to blame brussels for the banking crash in ireland . 
  it feels so amazing to be inside europe . 
  this, 
  btc is on the outskirts, 
  i do n't think buying furniture should be a lifelong commitment . 
  the cardboard suits me just fine for most things . 
  normally i 'd say the same thing , but given the kremlin argument of being the defenders of russian speakers everywhere , i can understand the hostility . 
  also , you need to call them nazis for a while before you send in the tanks, 
  i wonder what would happen to the comment vote count if it were weighted by karma and seniority . 
  guesses , anyone ? 
  not that relevant . 
  we 're the most photographed continent by far , but not the most populated one . 
  rolling over and giving russia everything it wants without a fight did n't work so well in crimea , why would it work here ? 
  i suppose it depends how you define native . 
  i do n't see why melanin would be relevant to that determination . 
  threw me off as well . 
  badly labelled . 
  i did n't know that that was the definition , til, 
  there are some other minor physiological differences , but that hardly changes the point, 
  damn hippies !, 
  the place was conquered fair and square . 
  how much do you have to suck to get colonised by belgium ? 
  no offence to belgium , but come on, 
  that 's hot, 
  i had no idea how old those roads are before i saw this map . 
  i use one of them every week . 
  as is any other security relationship of all nato members . 
  i love how there 's barely any traffic on those roads . 
  abortions are seen as simply another for of birth control in many parts of the post communist world - a common reason that 's expressed for using them is that people do n't like condoms because of the inconvenience etc. 
  and pills because of the side effects, 
  also , the health care system usually does n't charge for them in these countries , so the cost is n't an issue for the users, 
  wrong post , lol, 
  the nuclear terrorism models are n't nearly as scary as i thought . 
  i placed it into the middle of ljubljana , and realised that it would be really bad , but not an existential threat to the country or even the city . 
  fyi , it 's not a big city, 
  lately , more by transduction, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/transduction_ ( genetics ), 
  upgrades are easy enough too ... you know , after 15 years or so when the technology gets better, 
  this has actually been a pattern with europe-based transnational science organisations . 
  [ nature says so ] ( http://www.nature.com/news/european-groups-go-global-1.10459 ), 
  that looks like mars, 
  drain part of atlantic ocean, 
  grow flowers, 
  welcome to europe . 
  it 's europe . 
  no one wants god here . 
  since i got a tablet , i think . 
  i grew up with star trek voyager , and those padds a pathetic compared to my android . 
  btw , part of your country looks like mars . 
  you know that , right ? 
  how cool is that ? 
  like hobos, 
  oh , ca n't you just go to church or something ? 
  til, 
  you may like r/retrofuturism, 
  i do, 
  it 's actually the slovenian empire . 
  we just use the us as a scapegoat . 
  do n't tell anyone . 
  most people just go to the spas . 
  the water there is pumped from geothermal wells . 
  gets very warm . 
  i 'm a native and i really want to know what restaurant that is ... now, 
  and the rest of you is water . 
  you 're like slovenian tang . 
  the vrsic pass is also amazing during the warm half of the year . 
  that 's racist , right ? 
  it has to be somehow . 
  has napolitano been naught ? 
  gas was the nuke of ww1, 
  nobody used it on the battlefield or for area bombing during ww2, 
  and because hitler was convinced that the democracies were weak and unwilling to fight for something like poland, 
  [ pravilen odgovor ] ( http://www.nature.com/news/china-tops-europe-in-rd-intensity-1.14476 ) . 
  hvala . 
  i bet this is just a cultural/political thing ... nothing to do with religion, 
  edit : / s, 
  as long as it 's debatable you do n't feed it to millions of people . 
  forgot that all important sarcasm marker, 
  did somebody say [ daily mail ? 
  ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1158970/bnp-shot-uses-polish-spitfire-anti-immigration-campaign.html ), 
  home of the brave, 
  i recently watched a youtube video of one of their sessions . 
  it looks like a cross between davos and a think tank . 
  quite boring unless you 're a policy wonk . 
  [ here you go ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uasqm8rl8ga ), 
  yes , that 's what i was referring to . 
  dl dictatorship !, 
  yaaaaay !, 
  who cares what it 's based on ? 
  what matters is the effects it actually has .
