  it 's about time . 
  cybercrime has gotten out of control in madagascar . 
  i noticed it before clicking but it really did n't feel ( that ) long . 
  terrorism is a strategy whereby you scare your massively superior opponent into harming himself through irrational behaviour . 
  it seems to me that religious fundamentalists can see the writing on the wall . 
  their ideas are doomed in an age of cultural globalisation . 
  the only way they can even hope to slow this development is to introduce greater isolation around their , in this case muslim , community . 
  i 'm not sure how they could ever do that from the inside . 
  let 's not fall into the trap of doing it for them from the outside . 
  terrorism is a strategy whereby you scare your massively superior opponent into harming himself through irrational behaviour . 
  it seems to me that religious fundamentalists can see the writing on the wall . 
  their ideas are doomed in an age of cultural globalisation . 
  the only way they can even hope to slow this development is to introduce greater isolation around their , in this case muslim , community . 
  i 'm not sure how they could ever do that from the inside . 
  let 's not fall into the trap of doing it for them from the outside . 
  the point is that they really should have seen this coming . 
  you should make sure you have an alternative supply before you ban the import of essential items to your country . 
  you can tell the difference between a blank an a live round if you use guns at all - just by the recoil . 
  my point was simply that adding blanks to the mix makes no real difference to anyone . 
  un authorised peacekeeping does n't count as war , no . 
  you do n't need much force projection when the fight is right next to your territory . 
  they did n't take constantinople using islam , they did it with the most advanced weapons of the time . 
  manifest destiny only works when your opponent is retrograde and weak . 
  what if the indians had machine guns and war planes instead of bows and arrows ? 
  manifest destiny would have died on the battlefield before it ever got into any history textbook . 
  science is blasphemy !, 
  you will be dropped to your death from a lead balloon for your insolence . 
  he just mobilised the entire right of center electorate to vote for a labour mayoral candidate, 
  the soviets were perfectly happy to go [ halfsies with hitler on eastern europe ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/molotov%e2%80%93ribbentrop_pact ) until he got too greedy for his own good and attacked moscow . 
  suicide seems to go up and down with the economy, 
  that takes all the fun out of it . 
  i agree with them on this . 
  damn , now i have to go get cleaned with a power washer . 
  i still wo n't feel clean . 
  ebola does n't kill people . 
  people kill people . 
  incredible film . 
  not seen by nearly enough people . 
  i had no idea he was former bnp . 
  that makes it so much better !, 
  the great thing is that the leaves fall off at the end of summer leaving almost no obstruction to light when there is n't much of it . 
  we have this sort of thing shielding the south side of our house . 
  definitely recommend if you have a heat/light problem in the summer . 
  if anyone can make iran look good , it 's saudi . 
  so use a damn condom, 
  what 's the thing around the danube . 
  i live here and follow the news , but i 've never heard anything about arguments about rivers - other than the usual environmentalist opposition to everything from flood protection to hydro plants . 
  does that count ? 
  what does tlc stand for ? 
  toddler ... something ? 
  if norway ever runs out of oil , we might see all the numbers go up, 
  their support would go a long way toward creating a strong secular kurdish state which could share the burden . 
  working on it :, 
  given the data in the article , a more accurate title would involve the phrase catching up . 
  and his domestic approval numbers are breaking 90 . 
  putin is n't stupid . 
  he knows nato is n't a threat to him . 
  a successful , democratic ukraine is . 
  a russia without perceived external enemies is . 
  it 's not about russia 's interests . 
  it 's about putin 's . 
  if they joined it would essentially give complete dominance over the baltic to nato . 
  meanwhile , montenegro is the only remaining non-nato part of the north mediterranean coastline and it 's in an advanced stage of accession . 
  cyprus is the only large mediterranean island outside nato , but this is unlikely to change before a resolution with turkey . 
  till then , the uk has sovereign base areas there . 
  sadly , there 's little prospect for direct nato control over the suez , but it seems the egyptian military can be counted on in the event of a crisis . 
  needless to say , nato holds gibraltar , the aegean , the dardanelles , the bosphorus , the danish straits and every piece of land between the arctic and atlantic oceans . 
  all in all , quite a nice collection of strategic holdings if you 're facing russia . 
  on the other hand , putin controls the media , faces no credible opposition and is the president in a time of war . 
  the numbers are n't outrageous given the context . 
  also , the economy is ok enough so long as oil prices stay above 100 $ per barrel . 
  deal with iran , stabilisation in libya , consolidation in iraq , approval of keystone xl , some major discovery of easily accessed deposits , recession in china , major drop in some other energy price leading to displacement etc. 
  really anything that increases available supply or decreases demand . 
  russia really does n't have a monopoly in europe . 
  all said only about 15 % of european gas consumption comes from russia - the number has been dropping btw . 
  most of this is replaceable with existing storage reserves for a season or so . 
  lng is more expensive than pipeline gas , so the real long term solution are pipelines from the caspian and perhaps iran . 
  these are scheduled to start coming online in 2018 . 
  till then you 'll probably see more of what 's been going on for the last few years : more storage , more efficiency , more reverse flow infrastructure being built in the eu . 
  you may also see some unconventional gas development , but that 's unlikely to make much of a difference . 
  this ignores the fact that russia ca n't afford to disrupt delivery for more than a few months for fiscal reasons . 
  for this sort of event , storage is largely sufficient inside the eu . 
  yes, 
   call of duty 4, 
  it 's as if someone in china had a dog . 
  the same is true for europe , we 're just clever enough to call it wine culture and charge people to participate . 
  no , radical muslims still works, 
  [ here you go ] ( https://www.google.si/publicdata/explore?ds=d5bncppjof8f9_&amp;ctype=l&amp;strail=false&amp;bcs=d&amp;nselm=h&amp;met_y=eg_use_comm_gd_pp_kd&amp;scale_y=lin&amp;ind_y=false&amp;rdim=region&amp;idim=country:deu:chn:ind&amp;idim=region:ssf&amp;ifdim=region&amp;tdim=true&amp;hl=en&amp;dl=en&amp;ind=false ), 
  or you could evict them and turn it into a library . 
  weapons deliveries to ukraine and/or moldova are a possibility . 
  well , it depends on the topic - on trade , yes - on military , no - on most other stuff , partly, 
  the people with the money - customers . 
  this only tells you who they/we buy from . 
  nope . 
  except for switzerland , which has an ad hoc eea type arrangement, 
  [ for more , go here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_integration ), 
  because if if they do n't the eu can , in cooperation with the us and other allies , impose a ban on sponsorship of fifa , travel bans against fifa staff , prohibitions against technical participation connected to fifa ( construction , maintenance , other services ), 
  essentially , we could impose a full scale embargo against fifa . 
  seeing as the public already hates them and they do n't provide us with energy , this should n't be particularly difficult to do either . 
  do your batteries overheat when charging ?
