  i , too , agree . 
  you think the usa 's true objective is to hold parades ? 
  it is , but the apparent russian policy is to throw everything at the wall and see what sticks . 
  is it negative on the west , us or eu ? 
  write it up !, 
  edit - typo, 
  rt is a kremlin founded , funded and controlled puppet . 
  always a legitimate target as far as i 'm concerned . 
  it 's not the article i have a problem with . 
  it 's the nature of the outlet . 
  if the kremlin wants to issue press releases on stuff like this , fine . 
  but they should place their signature at the bottom of it instead of taking the world for fools and pretending that rt is something akin to a news organisation . 
  this is ariane 5 's 72nd success in a row . 
  jwst will be just fine . 
  astronauts have to go through rehab every time they return from a long duration mission . 
  this is something most people do n't think about when they consider space travel . 
  will he even be able to vote ? 
  i just thought you would have to arrange for that sort of thing quite a bit in advance . 
  i want to point out that it 's still a mess . 
  it used to be a far greater mess , but changes have been put in place over time to make it less of a mess . 
  also , to some extent , the people have learnt some of the things they should n't do - like protest voting . 
  i think it 's more a matter of practice , not size . 
  the latest same sex marriage referendum failed because it did n't have public support - specifically the implications for adoption . 
  it was the manifestation of a regrettable aspect of public opinion , not of the system . 
  i do n't claim that our system is good , btw . 
  like i said - it 's still a mess , just less of a mess than it used to be . 
  noooo, 
  we got 90 % turnout that one time when slobodan milosevic was on the warpath and we needed to get the hell out of dodge . 
  we agree except when we do n't . 
  in general , about a third of us are right wing , a third are left wing and a third of us tend toward apathy unless something exceptional happens . 
  83 % of us are slovenian according to the latest census . 
  the proportion of roman catholics was 57 % in 2002 and has been falling by 1 % a year since independence . 
  that was the first same sex marriage referendum . 
  in that one , a bare bones marriage law was proposed without the adoption provisions beyond what was already in place . 
  the right wing groups erroneously claimed that access to adoption would expand . 
  in the second referendum , the proposal was to simply redefine the term marriage such that gender was no longer part of it . 
  no ifs , ands or buts . 
  that one would have equalised access to adoption regardless of the nature of the married couple . 
  the funny bit is that after they won for the second time , the right wing called for an equalisation of rights minus the adoption - which is essentially the thing they campaigned against in the first referendum . 
  progress of a kind , i guess . 
  what happens to your livelihood when the fish stocks decline beyond commercial viability ? 
  put that man in a room with trump and lock the door . 
  mine still works fine ... 
  i 'm actually more creeped out by gove . 
  just viscerally , by his appearance . 
  i do n't know why . 
  a poll about brexit was done about a week before the vote in the eu27 . 
  all were strongly remain . 
  the important thing is that we make croatia look bad by comparison . 
  this wo n't help, 
  the one that does n't exist ? 
  you think multinationals male decisions based on spite ? 
  then you must try harder . 
  idiots like this can vote . 
  no wonder things turned out how they did . 
  at which point it becomes a conspiracy and definitely not their own fault . 
  averaged over several years , the euro has very low inflation . 
  help in the development of lifesaving medication ? 
  you want to know about a plan ? 
  that 's cute . 
  an alternative learity where russia invades nigbouring countries and occupies cca 20 % of their territory on a regular basis ? 
  the risk for slovenia is overstated . 
  there is a small far left party which is anti everything , but they have no influence on anyone 's policy and have no prospect of being included in a coalition . 
  they also have little , if any , room to grow . 
  mystery meat . 
  what gauntlet ? 
  she 's just repeating a basic principle of the single market as written and as applied for decades . 
  anyone who 's surprised by this has been living under some kind of retardation rock . 
  you 're assuming that others want the uk to get a better deal . 
  why would we ? 
  its our market and if you want access to it , it 'll be on our terms . 
  you no longer have get a say in what we ask for . 
  and stop comparing yourself to the us and china . 
  it 's embarrassing . 
  plenty of other leaders have said this same obvious thing many times before and after the referendum . 
  this is n't some controversial topic within europe . 
  the single market means all the four freedoms . 
  no reason the uk should get some special exemption here . 
  norway did n't . 
  switzerland did n't . 
  iceland did n't . 
  i do n't think the parliament or the commission are more likely to give the uk special treatment here . 
  if anything , they 're likely to be more strict than a cdu chancellor . 
  let the hate flow ... 
  voting for it is one thing . 
  leading the campaign for it and being caught clueless once you win is quite another . 
  loud spider-people ? 
  this is a great webzone, 
  if people have a problem with the so called unelected eurocrats of the eu , they would have a stroke when told of esa 's geographic return policy and the way deals get made at ministerial summits . 
  um ... the hundreds of millions of people who live there ? 
  also , anyone who is n't ok with the monumental squandering of human potential ? 
  i get that opportunity cost is easily ignored on an emotional level , but it 's just as much a cost as any other . 
  i do n't understand . 
  his bonus is affected by the fund 's return . 
  the funds return is affected by the price of company stocks . 
  stock prices are affected by earnings . 
  earnings also affect employment and investment . 
  if you include co2 equivalent from methane leakage , the picture becomes fearless rosy . 
  unless there 's some sort of horrible global disaster , i 'd say that a permanent , self sufficient human presence on mars is less than 50 years away . 
  technically , that 's colonisation .
