  i just do n't think it 's likely to happen in 2018 unless opec/nopec extend and deliver high compliance . 
  us shale does n't have infinite bandwidth . 
  anyone know exactly how much they can produce at , say , 50 $ ? 
  he already killed russian pilots, 
  i 'm not accusing the man of being a good strategic thinker , 
  turkey looked promising 10 years ago . 
  what 's happened to it since then is sad . 
  typical alde , basically . 
  sure . 
  bring australia . 
  grad so cenzuriral :*(, 
  production growth from shale in the short and medium term and megaprojects in the medium term . 
  no idea if this will materialise in large enough amounts to keep/push prices low , but those are the downside risks i see . 
  how would that even work ? 
  if you have no idea what the specifics of leaving will be , how can you begin to nagotiate a trade agreement ? 
  you do n't start planning interior decoration before you 've designed the building . 
  the idea is for them to get sovereignty , not other people . 
  ideally , they 'd have sovereignty over the old empire and beyond . 
  now shush and go back to knitting kilts . 
  a ti to resno ? 
  we 're better . 
  this article is n't about a court ruling , just some guys ' statement . 
  it 'd be interesting to see london as well . 
  and why would germany not investigate ? 
  it 's not a first come first serve system . 
  in what way ? 
  it has a free market economy . 
  [ how ] ( https://pics.onsizzle.com/remove-itali-trst-je-nas-italys-removal-is-still-of-3390163.png ), 
  [ dare ] ( https://pics.onsizzle.com/remove-itali-trst-je-nas-italys-removal-is-still-of-3390163.png ), 
  [ you ] ( https://pics.onsizzle.com/remove-itali-trst-je-nas-italys-removal-is-still-of-3390163.png ), 
  the first paragraph of the article makes for a gud submission statement , i think . 
   top diplomats from china and the european union pledged closer cooperation wednesday , highlighting their common interests in peace and security and pushing a message of free trade and open engagement in contrast to fears that the u.s. is turning inward under president donald trump, 
  if you have nothing to hide , you have nothing to fear . 
  that may be true , but it 's still a step forward in my opinion . 
  you 're moving from a situation where people pay a special renewable fee to one where the state preforms its core function of providing basic infrastructure in a accordance with broader public policy . 
  bombings , coups , crackdowns , authoritarianism , religious zealotry . 
  turkey has the whole package . 
  we 'll see how long it stays funny . 
  you might get away with calling this conservative islam , but radical is a stretch . 
  the author argues that cities are subject to intrinsic social dinamics which maniefst in , among other things , a repudiation of the traditional nationalism more at home in rural areas . 
  the point is made , that urbanisation is expected to continue and that this is likely to reinforce political liberalism in the long term . 
   institutional disadvantage, 
  if you mean voting districts tailored to increasing the influence of rural areas etc. , it states that those can only remain effective for so long . 
   country-side come at it from an opposing end that they are the ones doing the producing and exporting, 
  that may be their point of view , but it 's completely removed from reality . 
  cities are where added value is created , where every developed country 's exports are produced , where net contributions to the national budget are generated . 
  the countriside is an economic desert , not because of government policy or even globalisation , but because , with every decade and century that passes , it becomes ever less able to play a role in value chains . 
  ramzan kadyrov is no salafi . 
  on the islam spectrum ? 
  sadly not . 
   i think a lot of people really hype cities up right now because they are the hot places to be, 
  my comment is n't about hype , just cold hard data . 
  you go on to make some interesting points regarding potential future dynamics . 
  personally , i do n't think those will outweigh the economic benefits of ~ ~ physical ~ ~ temporal proximity , but who knows . 
  that 's because all the russians who can afford wine have already moved to their beach house in montenegro, 
  too many freight ships in the area . 
  the russian navy would be decimated . 
  montenegro has the last non-nato piece of strategically useful coastline in the northern mediterranean . 
  this essentially segments mediterranean ports into 2 categories : nato and arab . 
  it also turns the adriatic into a nato lake . 
  with the exception of cyprus ( because turkey ) , all the islands in the med are also nato territory . 
  do you happen to know if there 's a significant amount of production in the works in south american offshore right now ? 
  i 've read that that 's the next big batch of oil , but could n't find any specifics on development or up to date timelines . 
  the brussels machine trying to crush the democratic hopes of the people ... or something, 
  are usb keys really so important that they need their own dedicated bomber type ? 
  thank you . 
  um ... the trendline would be more helpful than a single isochronic data point . 
  the center holds . 
  luser , fail , baby . 
  sad . 
  the fn is actually more or a socialist party ... just not the international kind , if you know what i mean . 
  [ yanis varoufakis explains why trump is . 
  the same applies to the bitch le pen . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/bbnibrd4j7s ), 
  globalisation 's been pretty good to the very poor and the very rich in this world . 
  but , yea , the working class in the developed countries got squeezed . 
  still , bringing global absolute poverty to an all time low is n't half bad . 
  it all depends on how you value humans . 
  if middle class people in rich countries are more important than starving people in poor countrie , globalisation is a bad thing . 
  otherwise , it 's pretty great . 
  [ elephant curve chart for reference ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2016-06-27/the-left-and-right-stumble-on-globalization ), 
  there is an argument that you could see those as well . 
  so far this year , opec has cut production but maintained exports by unloading their own storage ... as this dynamic concludes , the idea is that inventories in the oecd and other importers begin to drop beyond the seasonal . 
  might be bullshit , but who knows . 
  either way , the only chance oil has of reacing 60 + in the next 12 months is a change in the supply . 
  the demand growth we have just wo n't be enough . 
  / sorry , could n't resist, 
  how does field depletion figure into all of this ? 
  if you 've got better data on this , i 'd love to see it . 
  iirc that report says it 's really only effective in situations where soap and running water are n't available ... personal hygiene has identical benefetis and they do n't summate . 
  being a nice place to live has nothing to do with it . 
  if it did , iceland would be an empire . 
  since when are the peasants a part of this conversation ? 
  get back on topic !, 
  it has no real sunlight and almost no people . 
  for me , it 'd be heaven on earth . 
  these businesses are anti-democratic !, 
  calling for election is different than hacking them . 
  calling for election is different from invasion . 
  sensible is not an adjective you can use in regard to trump with any level of credibility .
