  the commission does enforce existing commitments and agreements , but someone has to , otherwise it 's all meaningless . 
   this gave birth to rampant corruption . 
  not sure where you got the idea i 'm suggesting that the people are blameless . 
  i incorrectly generalised your comment about it not being their fault that there had n't been grass roots integration in europe . 
  i completely agree with the statement quoted above . 
   ... to satisfy the demands and expectations of eu versus making it 's own decisions or building it 's own vision for the future . 
  as far as i understand the expectations of the eu toward our country , they have n't really changed in the past decade . 
  they ( and the oecd ) have been warning us about our structural deficit for as long as i can remember . 
  the only thing that has changed is the fact that we can no longer avoid confronting this problem ... because - math !, 
  also , they ant us to stabilise the banking sector , which , lets face it , we would do regardless of membership . 
  they are insisting that we do it in an organised and meticulous way this time using outside experts , which i also think is a good idea given past experience . 
  in my opinion the thing that prevents us from pursuing our national vision is the fact that we do n't have one , not our eu membership . 
  look at estonia !, 
   i just do n't want slovenia and its population to lose its identity and real right to self determination in the future . 
  we 've been around for over a thousand years under catastrophically worse conditions than exist today . 
  as for self determination : there are certain geographical , cultural and economic realities which are difficult if not impossible to resist in terms of having complete self determination , but in regards to the eu ; the treaty of lisbon provides an exit clause which establishes the procedure for an orderly exit of a member state from the eu . 
  do n't really see a problem there . 
   the west seems to have more and more lost its way and i 'd rather we keep some distance for the time being , so we can turn around and run if it goes the way of 1984 . 
  there 's nowhere to run . 
  if we want to live freely , fairly and well we need to make it happen , not hope that someone will make it happen for us . 
  and we do have a unique chance to contribute to that in the context of the eu . 
  the eu is a golden chance for us to build something genuinely third way in a century which will otherwise be dominated by two ruthless models : the american one and the chinese one . 
  the beautiful thing about our way is that it 's applicable in most of the world . 
  south america has its own nascent variation on the eu called * mercosur * , central america has the central american integration system , south-east asia has asean , africa has a number of regional integration efforts - some more successful than others . 
  this may turn out to be a big part of the solution to tackle problems which nation states can not handle on their own . 
  the principles of subsidiarity and proportionality are vital of course , but if something can be done better at the european level , it should be . 
  ( banking regulation and supervision , a big part of environmental regulation and monitoring , trade , minimal human rights protections , pharma testing , technical standards and obviously ** eurovision ** ), 
  it does seem to have swept away the transition era oligarchs whos places on * the richest people list * are now occupied by people who actually built a business . 
   i 'm more inclined to live in a modest and fair society than to be compelled to one with high social disparity and capitalist values but all the perks of producing luxury items and billionaires . 
  everyone wants to live in a fair society , but the modest thing does n't work out so well , as 1991 shows . 
  no viable alternative to capitalism exists or ever has . 
  until that changes the argument above is nothing more than fantasy . 
   i 'm pretty sure it 's not possible to achieve that while being a part of the eu, 
  ... or in any other context . 
  do you really think a country of 2 million people with an export oriented economy and insufficient agricultural capacity to provide its own food can just go off and start a new economic model from scratch ? 
  not to mention , you 'll always be opposed by a minimum of 1/3 of the population and passively undermined by a majority of the rest , while the best of the up and coming generations will simply leave for greener pastures . 
   it 's unsustainable in the long term , and in my opinion a misguided priority . 
  it 's not quite that simple . 
  most aspects are potentially sustainable and it 's the eu which leads the world in this field . 
  just take renewable energy as an example . 
  if you want renewables to work consistently , effectively and affordably , you have to integrate as large a collection of generating capacities together in a grid . 
  the eu makes this a very achievable possibility . 
  if you have infinite resources , you can always do storage in one way or another , but that costs a lot of money to build and maintain . 
  same thing with recycling : the specificity of certain products and materials is such that the only way to justify the building and operation of recycling capacity is to have a large user base . 
   am i interpreting this wrong ? 
  my point was really more about the fact that the commission does n't make law , it makes proposals . 
  in practice , those proposals then go through a negotiation and amendment process in the parliament and the council which can last several years and at the end of the day , if the commission proposes something really stupid they can always just kill it with a simple no vote . 
   i think there are improvements and major changes to be made and large rigid structures do n't allow for that . 
  i 've already addressed the idea that the eu is large in the financial sense - it is n't . 
  so i 'm not sure what you 're referring to . 
  as for rigid ; it 's only as rigid as democracy and respect for national interests demands . 
  the eu is very limber when it comes to things like trade policy or internal market regulation . 
  examples include the recent sanctioning of chinese solar panels , the repetitive action against software and internet companies for privacy violations and abuse of monopoly position , the strictest standards in the world in the area of endocrine disrupting chemicals , air and rail pass anger rights etc. , etc. 
  when the eu is granted clear jurisdiction and is properly funded to do the job , it tends to do it quite well ... the problem is that nobody seems to know about the good stuff . 
  it 's like nasa - you launch 200 rockets perfectly and nobody reports it , but the moment you loose one it 's all over tv . 
   if by following the current models we get ridiculously in debt and ca n't compete in the global marketplace , the debt alone will prevent us from being free , regardless of being able to exit the union . 
  i understand that it 's hard to balance the budget , but honestly , it does n't magically become easier if we 're on our own . 
  the only new option we get that way is the ability to inflate , which is nothing else but a tax on people 's savings . 
  inflation is undemocratic and regressive . 
  a hidden tax that is n't passed by any elected body which affects the poor the same as the rich , or even more , since the rich tend to have their money tied up in investments . 
   i 'm sorry but i think that time is long gone . 
  you 're wrong . 
  the capacity exists . 
  it 's a matter of popular and political will , as well as participation . 
  europe remains by far the best place in the world to live and work . 
  our environmental credentials are unmatched . 
  our combined investment in science , education , the arts , healthcare and social cohesion is second to none . 
  our human rights standards , both in law and in practice are well above those in any other part of the world . 
  you can always find enough bas stuff to fill an article , a news show or whatever , but at the end of the day , a defeatist attitude leading to isolation and retreat accomplishes nothing . 
  if the nations of europe scatter to the winds , the us-afication , as you refer to it will accelerate , not slow . 
  the ability of single countries to stand up to tax havens , google , microsoft , gazprom , bank x , not to mention the big national players in the world will become negligible . 
  as part of the eu , slovenia is at the table in europe . 
  an integrated europe is at the table globally . 
  if you 're not at the table , you 're on the menu . 
   i do n't agree there is no other viable model than capitalism available . 
  the limitations of capitalism are getting very obvious and worrying , as are the consequences of those limitation . 
  name one and show me on a map where it 's being successfully implemented . 
  just because the status quo sux does n't mean that there must be a better alternative . 
  it 's completely possible that all the alternatives are either worse or non-viable . 
  if you know of one that 's both better and viable , please share it with the rest of the class . 
   i think it 's up to us to invent something new that is sustainable which , capitalism is not . 
  so it has n't been invented yet . 
  that means it does n't exist . 
  ( present simple #, 
   infinite growth is impossible and a misguided priority . 
  couple that with consumerism which requires ever greater consumption and tell me how that is sustainable . 
  the growth of what is the question . 
  if we 're talking about the growth of value , then it 's sustainable for very long time indeed . 
  take note of the amount of services we consume today compared to 30 years ago . 
  you do n't even need to think about what is traditionally categorized as consumption . 
  as an example - healthcare . 
  a wealth of procedures are routinely practiced today which did n't exist a few decades ago #preventative screenings , advanced cancer treatments , medications for chronic diseases , advanced diagnostics etc. # . 
  that 's growth !, 
  the same can be said of the consumption of intellectual products i.e. 
  the entire internet #reddit included # , apps , mp3-s , video games etc. 
  these are just 2 examples of fields which have grown in a way that was unimaginable 30 years ago and it seems perfectly sustainable when we look back at it . 
   i 'm talking about the core economic and societal priorities and goals in capitalism . 
  what ? 
   what exactly did 1991 prove ? 
  the reasons yugoslavia fell apart are many , very nuanced and complex , you ca n't blame socialism for it , seriously .
