eu iv cheats intensify . 
  i think of course he means those turks that feel a part of germany . 
  i see such inclusive messages as `` if you try you will be given a chance to become one of us '' which is nice and positive i think . 
  not blind acceptance nor refusal but the door is open . 
  `` precious loneliness '' indeed . 
  a savage horseman like me that spends all his days on the plains of asia hardly has the mental capacity or the civilisation required to comprehend and answer such a deep question . 
  thank you for stance on this . 
  it does get very distracting since you can guess the initial 1/3 of every single comment thread to a post concerning turkey . 
  what would a non-military intervention be ? 
  the point made was that there was violence bordering ethnic cleansing going on . 
  the version i learned is that a military intervention was sanctioned under the treaty but that of course only covered the turkish majority areas that was actually suffering from violence and the international community was more or less okay with the first intervention however what i personally believe is that our guys got greedy seeing how quickly they were able to secure those areas and went into areas that had greek-cypriot majority and of course being unable to annex it outright for fear of international outrage ; created the northern state as a way to circumvent that in their minds . 
  that basically turned the int . 
  community against turkey rightly so ; and we suffered a heavy us economic embargo for many years because of that . 
  which ironically got blamed on the more secular political side and was only overturned years after especially with ozal and other more islamic leaning leaders , which is one of the reasons why our current political environment is what it is today , but that is internal politics . 
  first one was justified ; the second invasion and creation of a micro state was going too far . 
  i still think direct participation like this is dangerous on our part . 
  turkey 's main strength was always its neutrality , it was too big to join either side in most local conflicts ; you would go to istanbul or ankara to have a meeting on neutral ground with the backing of a large powerful regional country . 
  we are losing those quality now when we side with either side , and lets be honest its not like either side is completely free of shifty business here . 
  my cringe meter broke off a long time ago , i just feel the empty void of what it was deep inside me , gigity . 
  we are a bit on edge lately are n't we ? 
  here is hoping for serenity . 
  wanted to provide the translation of the official release as an individual comment as well for ease of finding : `` in the historic area and around the monument plant life that has started to spread in the crevices were detected . 
  these plants have started to eat into the stone and the protective coating ; it is estimated that the damage done by these plants will only increase in the future with weather playing a factor . 
  the joint where the monument connects to the floor has also been eroded and the supporting metal rods have been exposed to air and other harmful factors , tests conducted by the restoration and conservation centre show that the stones covering the monument show extensive cracks and erosion . 
  the front face of the monument also show signs of damage in the lettering of the passage with some letters fallen off or darkened due to weather erosion . 
  also due to the soft nature of the stone the markings made by some visitors have penetrated into the stone surface creating multiple dark graphite marks . 
  after the investigation into the matter aside from showing signs of visual erosion and ageing the monument is judged to be posing a threat to the visitors 's safety . 
  a tender was conducted for the restoration of the monument which is expected to last 250 days ( restoration started on 13.03.2017 ) '', 
  no problem and thanks for being understanding , lotsa things are going not so great in turkey but i hope at least that we have n't stooped to disrespecting the fallen , it would be a dark day were that to happen . 
  indeed and this one touches me personally because it is one the things i feel proud of for having existed , respecting the enemy is a tradition and they are no longer the enemy even . 
  thank you for your efforts wishing a nice day . 
  jumping the gun there . 
  even if for some crazy reason we would be at war with them again , they would still be lying in the soil of a friendly country . 
  you do n't take back promises made to the fallen , there were minor diplomatic insults thrown about by our government for the purpose of internal politics , lets not carry that to disrespecting the dead and their legacy . 
  the overall feeling is that they were used by the empire for imperialistic ambitions and even as enemies they were always respectful no atrocities or scorched earth tactics , tossing each other cigars and water cans during pauses in combat etc. 
  they have been accepted as boys of this land , that is a promise that is not easily taken back , there will be hell to pay before the current government starts to disrespect those that lie beneath the soil . 
  no hes trying to show why this is basically someone being extremely quick to judge at best and being willingly uninformative at worst . 
  what are you implying with defaced that someone randomly damaged the monument to disrespect the legacy and the message ? 
  you realise how crazy that sounds ? 
  i am getting sick of this hate wagon , lots of things are wrong in turkey before the need to make stuff up that is very disrespectful to the soldiers that died and the turkish people that acknowledged their bravery , very cheap attempt at creating outrage and in my honest opinion history as crucial and painful as this should be more sacred than `` maybe they are destroying it i do n't have clear info but i will write about it for clicks . '', 
  this is a serious matter thats why hes `` spamming '' to correct this misinformation . 
  again the official text : `` in the historic area and around the monument plant life that has started to spread in the crevices were detected . 
  these plants have started to eat into the stone and the protective coating ; it is estimated that the damage done by these plants will only increase in the future with weather playing a factor . 
  the joint where the monument connects to the floor has also been eroded and the supporting metal rods have been exposed to air and other harmful factors , tests conducted by the restoration and conservation centre show that the stones covering the monument show extensive cracks and erosion . 
  the front face of the monument also show signs of damage in the lettering of the passage with some letters fallen off or darkened due to weather erosion . 
  also due to the soft nature of the stone the markings made by some visitors have penetrated into the stone surface creating multiple dark graphite marks . 
  after the investigation into the matter aside from showing signs of visual erosion and ageing the monument is judged to be posing a threat to the visitors 's safety . 
  a tender was conducted for the restoration of the monument which is expected to last 250 days ( restoration started on 13.03.2017 ) '', 
  you can see the darkening and fallen off lettering in the left picture , putting the official text here also : `` in the historic area and around the monument plant life that has started to spread in the crevices were detected . 
  these plants have started to eat into the stone and the protective coating ; it is estimated that the damage done by these plants will only increase in the future with weather playing a factor . 
  the joint where the monument connects to the floor has also been eroded and the supporting metal rods have been exposed to air and other harmful factors , tests conducted by the restoration and conservation centre show that the stones covering the monument show extensive cracks and erosion . 
  the front face of the monument also show signs of damage in the lettering of the passage with some letters fallen off or darkened due to weather erosion . 
  also due to the soft nature of the stone the markings made by some visitors have penetrated into the stone surface creating multiple dark graphite marks . 
  after the investigation into the matter aside from showing signs of visual erosion and ageing the monument is judged to be posing a threat to the visitors 's safety . 
  a tender was conducted for the restoration of the monument which is expected to last 250 days ( restoration started on 13.03.2017 ) '', 
  they are still recognised today , this is a planned restoration project , i know its trendy to hate on turkey nowadays but this is something that wo n't change unless turkey ceases to exist . 
  my effort at translating the link on that tweet the official announcement : `` in the historic area and around the monument plant life that has started to spread in the crevices were detected . 
  these plants have started to eat into the stone and the protective coating ; it is estimated that the damage done by these plants will only increase in the future with weather playing a factor . 
  the joint where the monument connects to the floor has also been eroded and the supporting metal rods have been exposed to air and other harmful factors , tests conducted by the restoration and conservation centre show that the stones covering the monument show extensive cracks and erosion . 
  the front face of the monument also show signs of damage in the lettering of the passage with some letters fallen off or darkened due to weather erosion . 
  also due to the soft nature of the stone the markings made by some visitors have penetrated into the stone surface creating multiple dark graphite marks . 
  after the investigation into the matter aside from showing signs of visual erosion and ageing the monument is judged to be posing a threat to the visitors 's safety . 
  a tender was conducted for the restoration of the monument which is expected to last 250 days ( restoration started on 13.03.2017 ) '' that is the official announcement . 
  i do not have european citizenship if that 's what you mean . 
  i do identify and sympathise with european values however . 
  it was a general feeling of sadness as in `` it sucks that a person of turkish heritage did this '' not an admission of guilt of course . 
  i do n't believe in collective punishment and of course had nothing to do with that . 
  european lack of security during the initial stages of isis is well known especially as people started to travel to syria but turkey also was not prepared for that amount of foreigners entering through it , but that is another discussion . 
  i deeply hope that we wo n't see a turkish terrorism issue , we are already unpopular , do n't need more fuel for that fire not to mention any loss of life and material would be horrific due to that . 
  indeed and i know it covers the turkey of today as well , but i 'm hoping for positive change so that it will be a friendly relationship again , 
  you are correct of course , and our relationships with the very people that encourage such extremist thought for their own gains and their geopolitical ambitions is sickening . 
  thank you for the explanation . 
  indeed , but truth be told and luckily i have n't suffered much , in fact i am very much thankful for the opportunities and acceptance i have seen . 
  i 'm hoping that that does n't change of course for sure . 
  the mind 's tendency to classify and assign groupings to things sometimes works against us . 
  thank you , that is true , remaining calm and doing my best to be an overall good person is probably the best course of action , hopefully that means doing what i also try to do . 
  europe is still the best place to live and prosper by far , we will get through this . 
  i agree very much with you and thank you for expanding on your ideas , was very interesting to read your reasoning as well , which i also agree with . 
  of course it is also a two way effort , those that are in germany should also make efforts to integrate and feel german as well , the easier that is to do the better for everyone of course . 
  curiosity for other cultures and peoples is something very positive so it is always rewarding to see people ask genuine questions to each other , it is why i love travelling so much . 
  i do n't have figures sorry , am also sorry that a dutch-turk guy was such a horrible human being . 
  i 'm hoping for no such people to appear basically , they should have still participated i think though cause it is insensitive to the suffering of the people suffering from terror , unfortunately yes you do have to show that you are not all extremists but not joining it is worse than someone thinking everyone is responsible for all terror attacks , they will think that regardless if you participate or not . 
  thanks for responding . 
  from what you write i see no hope to avoid such a huge conflict , i am not a muslim myself so i wo n't be directly effected i think but we would all suffer if conflict happens , how can we avoid it in your opinion ? 
  because yes it is easy to generalise and it is as old as time , but we managed to prevent most conflicts in our time . 
  then it is a total war and you even acknowledge the unfairness of it yet support it . 
  will you really cease and desist all negative opinions and lumping-in if muslims attend such rallies etc ? 
  hell i 'm not even a muslim and i get lumped in with people that i would n't even waste my spit on . 
  muslims are not attacking europe , there are millions of them , that is like saying kurds are attacking turkey , a group of 10k organised militia is conducting irregular attacks towards turkish checkpoints in turkey , how idiotic would it be to say 20 million kurds are attacking turkey , has that perspective helped at all ? 
  because muslims exist in germany and such non-profit interest groups usually form when there are people that identify themselves in a particular way , both to push the interests of the group and to function as a check in this instance that would be extremism , in other cases criminal activity or such . 
  as long as muslims and other religious/ethic minorities exist in germany then they would have the right to form such unions and interest groups , should muslims not exist in germany would be my next question . 
  the only comment in this thread mentioning collective punishment , thank you sir , mind you that no turk has committed an islamic attack in europe as far as i know , not in a long time at least since i do n't know of an example . 
  i fully support the march and wish that they would have participated because as the thread shows it is far too late to take such a moral stance , instead of begin seen responsible and apologising , they are now seen as terrorist supporters by many . 
  the situation is a complete `` with us or against us '' today and as i mentioned in other places here ; there is no way to know if a person is muslim or not so it will be your name , your passport , your parents , your accent , your skin tone that decides the `` with us or against us '' and that is a dark path indeed . 
  as a non-muslim i appreciate the anxieties of europe and as a turk also the threat of terrorism that a special ethnicity or sect participates in and also the tendency to lump everyone of that group into an `` enemy '' status , but you ruin it for so many innocents when that happens , its very confusing and honestly scary . 
  as far as i know there has been no terror attacks in europe that the perp . 
  was a turk . 
  islamic attack that is there are probably scuffles and such most of the time like other groups . 
  from that perspective i kinda get their point their members never did any terror here but people see muslims as a block not nationalities . 
  to be honest while i agree with your message ; the overall thread does not .
