  the overall message of this thread is that all muslims are guilty for the whole set of crimes and atrocities that anyone has ever done and stated to have done in the name of islam , and that you have two options as a potential muslim european citizen : leave islam completely to be accepted or participate in such events etc. 
  to constantly prove that you are not in-fact a terrorist supporter . 
  now me myself i have made my decision long ago ; i left the religion both because of what some have used it for and what is has become and also to get rid of the stigma , when you say you are a muslim , everyone understands something different and that is not how language works , the same thing should mean the same for everyone . 
  but for europe i think it needs to be made that no muslims are welcome to live or move there , because that is the signal , that goes against many of the founding principles of europe etc. 
  but seems to me that is what people want and that should not be ignored , the sooner we address this the better . 
  from history we know that sadly you can not fully leave behind the stigma even if you change your name etc. 
  people always find a way to bring it up so there will be much heartache but i 'm sure people here advocating for it all have thought about the results deeply . 
  do you take all mass-murdering suicidal death cults at their own word ? 
  and is it too far out there that whatever they spout about their reasoning and objectives might be also in line with achieving their purpose ? 
  if you still say yes i would advise you to read up on what osama and al-qaeda was spouting in their regular video messages to us before and after 9/11 and their reasoning . 
  there is always a greater geopolitical objective , why is it that today we have more terrorist attacks than decades or centuries ago ? 
  without hyperbole , what are the options for muslims and non-muslims alike ? 
  i am turkish from birth living in europe at the moment and a non-muslim , very often i get included in that distrust and hate even though i 'm not a muslim , friends that are christians from turkey also suffer the same fate . 
  because your name and passport speak louder than your own words most of the time . 
  aside from the personal perspective ; there is a large muslim population in europe and if what you are asserting is true , they are not only not welcome but are seen as a threat , how should that threat be eliminated ? 
  how will the system know cases such as mine or my friends ? 
  or are we acceptable losses ? 
  very concerning . 
  one can create some interesting alternative-history stuff beginning from this even ; what would have happened had that coup not occur ? 
  amazing !, 
  i think burning the koran is the only proper way to get rid of a damaged/too old copy , someone more versed in that religious stuff could correct me if that 's wrong . 
  but yeah , unless it was part of a longer video calling for extermination or such i do n't see why the act of burning would be a criminal offence , we are putting too much importance on these things i feel . 
  as someone that likes kurds and kurdish culture , can something be done against this person 's racist attack ? 
  mate rize empire sounds awful :d, 
  would be great , although then in his anger he might call them nazis or something though ... oh wait . 
  from a very cynical pragmatic perspective its a working system , since most of the time especially when ottoman power was unchallenged ; threats to the sultan and regime came from within , so having an elite foreign special forces type unit loyal only to the sultan was essential for his security , even though they also rebelled as well but much later down the line . 
  very creepy stuff though and does n't win you any friends even centuries after it happened , it leaves a mark in the public 's psyche . 
  but this is the same regime that allowed killing of brothers to `` secure '' the line of succession and prevent civil wars , again makes sense but just ... nope . 
  i do n't know why many have assumed what i wrote to be as either support or somehow promotion of erdogan or his policies , even though i explicitly stated that i do not like the politicians there . 
  received multiple messages criticising erdogan , which is fine by me since i am not a supporter of his , but confusing that they would be aimed at me . 
  i was criticising mockery of the hand motion performed when praying after a dead person , which was whats happening here , of course its sleazy of him to use that for points when hes the one that initiated the policies that lead to more soldier deaths , but the fact that he is in the picture also should n't mean we have to disrespect an act of ceremony right ? 
  because people were not making fun of erdogan or his policies but everyone , including the other soldiers ' gestures , was my whole point , anyway this got majorly sidetracked , i did not intent to cause a political discussion , that is difficult not to do nowadays though . 
  malaka is such a nice word , greek is wonderful , 
  they tried to get royalties i think , did n't work of course but you know at least got ta try . 
  might make a comment about how hot their women are , would not surprise me . 
  i was n't commenting on erdogan , nor supporting him in anyway , i respectfully feel like you may have made some assumptions about me and my character here without evidence to show for it . 
  i will be much more careful about posting things when erdogan is included in some way from now on , since this is the first time i have been assumed to want akp shitposts , thank you for your comment though . 
  i thought making fun of a praying gesture was a bit of a low blow , i am not a nationalist nor an akp supporter my post history would show that , maybe it was an overreaction on my part and i failed to see the fun in it , could be because i lost a relative who was a soldier so i may be biased . 
  a bit sad that people assumed so many about me after that one comment though , like you even consider me a bad turk/person apparently , gon na reconsider before posting from now on . 
  fashionable to hate on turkey at the moment , so not respecting/making fun of a small prayer for recently fallen soldiers is cool apparently , just imagining a post from a muslim/other religion person posting such a thing about recently killed european soldiers/policemen and making fun of people ` standing around ' etc. 
  shameful . 
  nice `` meme '' this is a moment of silence and prayer for fallen soldiers , we all got rightfully angry at the saudi football team that refused to respect the fallen . 
  i am not religious nor do i like the politicians in the picture , but there has to be some class , shame on you . 
  the previous user had specifically stated that turkey had hit sdf/ypg during the siege of kobane instead of helping , there has been some skirmishes sadly unfortunately indeed afterwards . 
  pretty good i think , there was some tension because of refugees since there are so many , but now its okay i guess , no more or syrian rocket threat . 
  they were not bombed during the kobane siege ( and i will grant that that was because they were n't a threat back then ), 
  thank you , i had forgotten about france 's plea for help and your patriots were very much appreciated especially by the local people of gaziantep . 
  i might have gone a bit emotional in my earlier comment . 
  kurds are not a single block and while i 'm sure there was some looking the other way stuff was going on in regards to isis , i think we can confidently say today that they are absolute enemies of the turkish poeple , i hope so after they killed nearly a hundred turks , burned two of our soldiers alive and we lost around 40 soldiers invading isis territory . 
  turkey may not be supporting syrian kurds directly unlike other nato nations , but they are supporting iraqi kurds , local militias and conducting and basing missions from their own soil . 
  us has a much larger and still active airforce operating from the very same base form this article , including a10s . 
  i did n't vote for him and more than half of turkey did n't either . 
  turkey never fought the kurds in kobane , actually allowed iraqi kurdish peshmerga fighters to cross through it to help kobane . 
  turkey did not lend a hand in the fighting and i personally would have wanted to see that happen as an olive branch and to stop the human suffering during isis 's siege there , but no assault was done on kurds over there from turkey luckily . 
  turkey is currently supporting iraqi kurdistan 's independence and is doing direct business with them without going through iraq , in fact iraq nearly threatened military action against turkey since turkey has ( had maybe not sure if still ) a military base and around 400 soldiers for training northern iraqi kurds in warfare , since at least on paper iraqi kurdistan has accepted to distance themselves from pkk and territorial claims from turkey . 
  just wanted to bring some nuance , hope i was n't disrespectful . 
  you are absolutely right on the freedoms part , i hope after the post-coup hysteria is over things will get better . 
  did n't mean to imply i see no reason , still hurts though . 
  since it hurts us regular folk . 
  you are not helping my mood !, 
  :d trying to stay positive , it will pass . 
  agreed with you there , even if we have issues with ypg and support for it etc. 
  when we are shouting insults and being bullies its hard for our allies to take us and our concerns seriously . 
  this too shall pass . 
  just imagine being from there and hoping the best for it , for your loved ones and friends and seeing the same regression but also seeing it touch in your personal life and future prospects . 
  i am studying in europe and being turkish has gone from a bit exotic and fascinating to disturbing and unwanted in my short life sadly , now it is a disadvantage since political viewpoints are not written on one 's forehead ( i should have a ` pork eater ' tattoo lol ) europe has been very patient as well , despite its faults , i do n't know what more we can ask . 
  indeed , i also share a similar perspective , does n't matter what we think was right or wrong we have to look at the current situation . 
  cyprus is a eu member , respected , developed . 
  now are we gon na have a future in the eu either and or as partners or members ? 
  yes ? 
  then lets act upon it and engage in relations , no ? 
  then make a good strategic plan and act on that but show the people why that would be better , do n't just engage in strongman politics . 
  same goes for israel , russia etc. 
  we have huge trade and other relations with russia so shooting a jet of theirs is not logical , oh but we do it then do the macho posturing then have to take it back because realpolitik and economics sets in , same with eu we need it for economy for human rights and having a standard to judge ourselves against , so current going on stuff is needless and will have to be taken back by turkey eventually , but the damage is done . 
  darkest before dawn , people are already fed up , that would just hasten their demise . 
  i know !, 
  and it sucks , we even have the same national colours  oh all the tricks were tried and they got a 50.2 % or something at max which gives me hope , 
  i think when the ` naughty ' mps wanted to visit our guys went `` mpf !, 
  no one can visit now ! '', 
  cause we have professional mature politicans * cough *, 
  i hope they were treated well , hospitality is still a thing also adana has amazing food . 
  turkish politics sucks but i 'm sure our guests did n't have a bad time personally . 
  very nice comment thank you , and turkey has been a bit of a us base for a while . 
  but cyprus was allowed into the eu while having a territorial dispute and before it could solve it , i accept that flat out refusing any contact with cyprus was a bad move on turkey 's part , but it literally became european while still having issues with turkey , another move that has made it seem like eu was a bit against turkey , because that move gave cyprus immense power as they now had the entire eu behind them on the table . 
  not arguing turkey 's case btw . 
  i full believe cyprus should unite under the south , and even the fact that creating a micro turkish state back then was a mistake , just wanted to share the sentiment some people felt . 
  at best he has % 50 support and that was for a referendum to change a the old very flawed constitution so we have to add the people who were tired of the old military style constitution and not simple erdogan supporters , also even that referendum had some very shifty stuff go down . 
  i really do n't think that is a majority . 
  i guess this is how americans feels about trump too . 
  hoping relations improve . 
  turkey is n't erdogan , if you trust the referendum or election numbers he has % 30 to % 50 support of the electorate , if you trust the official numbers if you know what i mean . 
  they wanted them to visit the soldiers in a different non-turkish owned base ( nato base ) i agree it is petty but wanted to clarify . 
  indeed , sorry if i seemed a bit alarmed or defeatist i 'm sure this phase will pass . 
  i get why it is so and totally understand , but turkey is more than erdogan and more than his party , i know that is difficult to see today . 
  do it !, 
  blow up the host 's house after leaving early . 
  this is not about erdogan or being sultan , this is abandoning turkey during perhaps the worst time of its history in terms of terror and regional risks . 
  just because erdogan is a dickhead should n't mean ditching old alliances or am i naive ? 
  i think not joining the anti-isis coalition when isis was bombarding turkish cities with grad rockets or when they detonated 4 to 5 suicide bombs that killed around 100 people in turkey but doing it immediately after a horrific but single attack in england kinda makes that point . 
  turkey talks big and talks shit and the stuff they say is horrible from a relationship and alliance point , but eu and nato have actually dropped any semblance of solidarity or alliance with turkey which is a bit more troublesome than calling politicians nazis .
