  i will upload save this evening . 
  box of beers in the refrigerator . 
  i could be wrong , but that looks like the new british carrier ... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/queen_elizabeth-class_aircraft_carrier, 
  if only the brits and ` muricans were enemies so we could see space agr carrier battles, 
  we do n't take his kind down under . 
  we 're taught as babies to consume a carton of beers without peeing once . 
  * the australian navy has a new toy . 
  this is why you do n't rush reddit posts . 
  fyi - these are philippine army troops . 
  i was excited for the sti vs golf r. but not to be :(, 
  post 1 is not showing anything !, 
  and their is so many spoilers ahhh, 
  banana fort ? 
  r/historyporn will enjoy this, 
  australia 's northern approaches - `` heavily guarded '' . . what half a dozen patrol boats . 
  at least in tassie , you can be standing in the cbd of hobart or launceston and see hills and trees with no urbanization . 
  australia was more essential to the fight against hitler than mexico and the flag is n't even there . 
  coolest aa guns ever, 
  they might suck against air targets but i imagine they would wreck an infantry platoon or enemy ( non/lightly armored vehicles ), 
  canadians are awesome . 
  source : am australian . 
  seems legit, 
  til russians were involved in the us civil war, 
  well ... 
  apparently 3 great people in one turn is n't that exciting . 
  i thought i was special :(, 
  as an australian , this makes negligible difference . 
  as a tasmanian ( island state to the south ) well i do n't exist anymore . 
  shit . 
  ah your 're right !, 
  good spotting . 
  play as ethiopia and keep your civ small , you gets huge defensive bonuses , not sure how they 'd go on a hilly/mountain map , but worth a shot !, 
  if only you were ` murica, 
  maybe give the units less health to reflect their morale ? 
  so a fresh keen unit would have full health where a broken depleted unit would have low health . 
  not ideal but a good work around . 
  awesome idea !, 
  i 'd love to see a modernish battle like stalingrad or other wwii battles , not sure how 'd you 'd work it , considering it 's a.in a city b. incorporates aircraft and possibly warships . 
  but would be cool !, 
  that 's one big target !, 
  because they have a viking on their shoulder patch duh : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/66/basicak5.jpg, 
  what the fuck did i just watch ... 
  but they look cool and that 's what matters, 
  relevant . 
  that surely ca n't be counted as actual music . . 
  what 's njrotc ? , sorry not american . 
  i 'm assuming military college or something ? 
  uptown junk, 
  nailed it . 
  should 've chose australia . 
  you got ta admit he makes some pretty valid points  but it 's all light hearted comedy so what the hell pow pow ` murica . 
  fair point . 
  but as mentioned it 's a lot easier for old mate crazy american to walk into walmart buy an assault rifle for $ 1000 walk over to the local school and unleash than it is for old mate crazy australian to source it from some sketchy black market bloke for 30 times the price . 
  plus if the cops even suspect you 've got a gun in australia you 're a goner . 
  in murica it 's perfectly fine for old mate crazy to walk around with the gun slung over his shoulder untill he decides he wants to go am massacre . 
  i 'm all for guns , they 're fun when used correctly and responsibly . 
  but shit find a balance . 
  i feel i posted this in the wrong subreddit . 
  i swear he has the churchill uk mod to - dreadnoughts in the researching tab ? 
  while i 'm at it : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9poiohxujse, 
  came here looking for a legitimate answer , found only prison sentences and dank memes . 
  i 'm not even mad . 
  op 's story was good . . 
  but this , amazing . 
  australia arguably produces the most uranium , and yet possess no nuclear weapons ... or do we . 
  in tasmania we rely almost entirely on hydro power , however some of it comes from melbourne based coal plants . 
  i am tasmanian - definitely not hippie or inbred . 
  as for the others ... you may be right . 
  ca n't wait to play this on archipelago , bring it on england . 
  i do n't think so - in defense , maybe . . depending on how many fish resources you get , but that 's the idea surely ? 
  in offence it 's useless . 
  i agree with the other people , the chances you will engage in battles with other civs within two tiles of your fishing boats is minimal , 50 % combat bonus seems good . 
  if anything it will save you from being overun if you come under threat of invasion . 
  i did n't realize iraqi and iranian forces were directly working with each other ? 
  seems so weird seeing two completely opposite tanks working together instead of firing at each other . 
  got ta say it looks pretty cool . 
  did someone say independence day ? 
  watching this video - they seem so disorganized and sloppy.so many different weapons and uniforms i 'm assuming from different militias and the iranian army ? 
  edit : iraqi army being obviously included . 
  i 'm attacking world war two japan with a large force of world war two royal navy . 
  i thought it was cool but aye whatevs, 
  i was trying to make a world war two type constant war scenario , the finns were the 4th best choice because romania kept breaking the game . 
  i was concentrating on purely war mongering , i would n't usually . 
  at least you have a civ :(, 
  apologies , i was getting you confused with indonesia, 
  70 something year old cannon on something that looks space age - so cool . 
  i knew it was to good to be true :(, 
  what army is this ? 
  swedish ? 
  i 've got end in 1945 mod on . 
  it stops science at 1945 tech , not the actual year . 
  dreadnoughts allow you to carry one air unit . 
  i was reading down the list waiting to see australia , as i read i was brewing up a nationalist patriotic statement as to why that would be ridiculous . 
  but thus it was not required :p . u.k and canada though really ? 
  i think you missed the point . 
  but yeah it 's just because they look menacing . 
  was n't the bofor gun introduced in wwii , as an anti-aircraft gun ? 
  edit : yeah it was : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bofors_40_mm_gun, 
  please op provide the goods . 
  nooooo , my kanagaroo flair has gone !,
