  we can dream !, 
  checked it out . 
  looks good . 
  camping area looks a bit average though ? 
  was an excellent game . 
  makes me hopeful for the future . 
  so disappointing . 
  most games this year we 've dominated the first half only to run out of legs in the second . 
  lie , lie , truth . 
  really simple ; when it 's your turn you say 3 statements about yourself , one is the truth two are lies . 
  everybody has to guess the truth , if you 're wrong you drink . 
  the ability to fall asleep on demand . 
  being able to get a good nights sleep makes a major difference to your day . 
  she knows and accepts it . 
  tried watching together once , was n't our thing . 
  the weekend . 
  4:50 pm , eastern australian standard time . 
  that 's kings cup . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kings_ ( game ), 
  what in the fuck is this . 
  kraken spiced rum , vanilla galliano , coke . 
  so simple but so so good . 
  civilization 5 - 3000 hours and counting , unlimited replay value . 
  inglorious bastards : a movie about a bunch of shameful people with non-married parents . . 
  ah . . the first tank . 
  the abrams was the cheapest package available to australia at the time when we retired our leopard 1 's . 
  but yes the ammo is where dollars flow !, 
  you 're right . 
  australia 's tanks are really only for power projection . 
  if there 's an issue in the pacific area we 'll load up our canberra class [ ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/fa/hmas_canberra_in_june_2015.jpg/1280px-hmas_canberra_in_june_2015.jpg ) ships with abrams and aslavs and sort it out ( see east timor ) . 
  their is almost no risk of a ground invasion of australia . 
  and even if their were 59 tanks ai n't gon na do much . 
  if their was a conflict in se east asia australia is way more likely to be working with the us than germany . 
  having the same tank , supply chain , spare parts etc makes life a whole lot easier . 
  plus the abrams package was much cheaper . 
  yeah true , not exactly tank country . 
  we do n't even use them in the middle east , all 59 are in australia . 
  seems like a waste sadly . 
  it includes australia . 
  the usmc is bigger than australia 's whole defense force , crazy . 
  i really like it , however it does seem to take along time between turns though , could just be me ( i have ethnic unites and r.e.d on ) . 
  the date also is 1981 ? 
  playing as australia i would have liked it if allies and axis were locked ( i just got invaded by usa ) it did n't feel right . 
  agreed , i 've only ever seen it in us desert camo . 
  true !, 
  i just do n't like the stock unit skins but i guess it 's worth it for faster load time . 
  yeah neither did i. 
  could be for our m113 apcs . . not sure how much troop capability these things have though . 
  interesting , i wonder why . 
  aslav is a solid proven afv . 
  aesthetically i prefer the boxer, 
  that 's the new enhanced f88 ( ef88 ) effectively an updated aug. [ ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_equipment_of_the_australian_army#infantry_weapons ), 
  ah yes you 're right . 
  they do look very similar, 
  silly question , but why is there two towers ? 
  other british carriers only had one and even the nimitz class only has one . 
  i noticed the new us carrier has two also . 
  i 'm aussie and hate the fact that you always have to play as american troops but you 're absolutely right . 
  at the end of the day they 're a company trying to make money . 
  makes sense . 
  thanks . 
  it frustrates me that they do n't operate fighters . 
  i know it 's because of japans restrictions but seems like a waste of a carrier . 
  haha yes `` destroyer '', 
  that a funny looking civ game, 
  i feel like china and korea would disagree with you there . 
  classic example of if it ai n't broke do n't fix it . 
  same as the us m2 . 
  hate her or love her , shes done good thing for germany . 
  the mg3 itself was manufactured from 1960 but it is essentially a mg42 with less fire rate and adapated to take a nato round + a few upgrades . 
  so technically designed during wwii . 
  why though ? 
  does the philippines have a shortage of firearms , i know they are n't a first class military but you 'd think they 'd have enough small arms . 
  that helmet is badass, 
  yeah same pretty average calls against us . 
  stock in australia , 
  xxr 527s with potenza re003 tyres, 
  i live in tasmania so e85 is expensive here , it 's $ 1.50 per liter for 98 and $ 1.61 per liter for e85 at the moment . 
  also hitch ? 
  xxr 527s with potenza re003 tyres, 
  haha see ya there !, 
  nice one , wish i 'd got a facelift . 
  thanks !, 
  it only makes about 230 wheel horse power , nothing to crazy :p, 
  oh , no idea . 
  came with the car . 
  yeah i get 600km per tank on premium and 400km per tank on e85 . 
  premium is definetley the cheaper option for me . 
  would be more than that . 
  stock 2.5 i 's make approx 137hp at the wheels ( 171hp at crank ), 
  no that ca n't be right ... * checks wikipedia *, 
  wow . 
  new uniform and upgraded rifle probally helps, 
  source : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shehmi0cowo&amp;t, 
  well to be fair the only nation that could invade australia successfully is ... australia . 
  yeah i thought it was a miss at first !, 
  hobart is defientley beautiful but it needs something . 
  we are stuck in the past , the city is just outdated and boring . 
  i 'm not saying this proposal is exactly what we need but the council needs to stop being so anti development . 
  no wonders 100s of young tasmanian 's leave each year for the mainland .
