  god damn it inuit stop being everywhere . 
  close enough , right ? 
  maybe you can apply for dual citizenship ? 
  welcome comrade taby, 
  your time will come i fear, 
  is their a high mexican population in georgia ? 
  i thought it was all rednecks . 
  hey well at least you 're still chinese !, 
  do people say `` upstate new york '' to distinguish themselves from new york city ? 
  all hail comrade abbott . 
  so you mean you 're australian ? 
  i did n't make this map , nor do i have a sister . 
  australia is actually really safe . . if you do n't venture out of the cities . 
  i will spare you this one time . 
  cuuuunt . 
  relevant : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6qnh_hadmtq, 
  hello kiwi cousin, 
  vive la france, 
  so many comments wow, 
  they 're not russian , they look far to happy . 
  ftfw, 
  and then their 's the ran patrol boats , dem curves . 
  such a good series !, 
  spotify . 
  $ 12 per month , download till you hearts content . 
  you da real mc, 
  if panzer is the german word for tank , then what do you call the panzer unqiue unit in game , is it panzer panzer ? 
  i do :d, 
  toot toot , all aboard the australia hype train . 
  mate , murica is a goner . 
  bye friend :(, 
  guy life rule # 1 do n't stick your dick in crazy . 
  oh yeah like we 've all done it , just is n't a wise thing to make a habit of . 
  i miss the sex ... but do n't miss the burning of my clothes or theft of my pets . 
  this is why i always garrison a unit in each city - it 's worth the maintenance cost to stop random barbs and enemy civ sneak attacks . 
  plus the military castle social policy gives +2 happiness for each unit stationed in a city - happiness issue solved . 
  it was actually a wii u, 
  australia . 
  build a fuck off big navy and go say hi to indonesia . 
  can anyone explain the layout of a general carrier strike group ? 
  as in how many destroyers , frigates etc. 
  i 'm australian , we do n't have carriers : , (, 
  we 're talking about austria not australia, 
  relevant http://www.quickmeme.com/img/61/61fe1d180d33959e7d9488607cabcf95930d695001a7b17da01f7d2edc3bb597.jpg, 
  so in theory i as an australian citizen could join the australian army , leave it and then move to the u.k and join the british army ? 
  if it performs as well as it looks , the west is in trouble . 
  f-16s just look so damn cool !, 
  this is why you should never stop gaming, 
  implying china has ever designed and produced it 's own aircraft carrier . 
  `` modified russian design '' would be more suitable . 
  bit of an upgrade from the world war days, 
  why do indian troops march in a russian parade ? 
  because they 're allies ? 
  i suppose india did fights the nazis to . 
  this particular one is a aslav-a ( ambulance ) - equipped with medical equipment and litter stations this aslav can carry three lying patients or six sitting patients . 
  armed with a single .50 bmg m2 machine gun . 
  that 's crazy !, 
  how can people get paid that low . 
  i 'm on $ 14 an hour and i 'm only a trainee , once qualified i 'll be on double that . 
  australia is different though i guess , everything is expensive as shit here . 
   it 's also very cheap compared to most places . 
  newly released soldiers have very little money . 
  surely a newly released soldier receives a payout ? 
  and assuming they saved money during their time in the military ? 
  i would have thought they would have been in a decent financial position ? 
  ethnic units is my biggest one , i ca n't bare fighting a war where all the units look the same . 
  on a side note : holy shit population has increased so much , especially china ... 
  could have been captured soldiers , converted ? 
  i know a lot of russians , ukrainians and other minorities were converted and pressed into service with the wehrmacht . 
  take this guy for example : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yang_kyoungjong, 
   illegal to mount weapons on a vehicle presenting the red cross, 
  you could be right , but i think in this instance it 's more representing that these guys are medics rather than official red cross . 
  i mean in the middle of a battle these guys do n't want to be undefended whilst trying to retrieve and treat wounded troops, 
  they 're using m4 's i thought only our special forces used those ? 
  f88 austeyr is standard for regular soldiers . 
  edit : turns out these guys are 2nd commando regiment ( which explains why they 're using m4 's ), 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2nd_commando_regiment_ ( australia ), 
  can you use tsl without it acting as a mod ? 
  as in you still get achievements ? 
  ah so if i was loading your original save it 'd be fine , but if i was to start from scratch id have to use ynamp to get tsl , and then no achievements . 
  brilliant !, 
  will do . 
  the ukrainian have troops have spare time to train ? 
  i thought they 'd be much more heavily evolved actually fighting . 
  or has conflict subsided , i know their was some ceasefire but that never worked before . 
  their 's more vehicles than soldiers ... plz explain . 
  edit : wow that 's almost half their army in this photo : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:estonia_army_peace_time_2015.png, 
  ah that makes sense , thanks . 
  yeah i usually use that , but i 'm playing no mods . 
  got ta get dem achievements haha, 
  they tried , let 's just say i did n't settle all of my cities . 
  i checked that out , not alot on offer , mostly heavy defended by ottoman , egyptian armies . 
  my economy could n't take a big war anyway . 
  immortal difficulty is killer :(, 
  you start a modded game with ynamp selected ( only ynamp ) and set it up however you like , boot it up and then save it.now load the game through the standard load menu and you 're good to go , it does n't count as a mod . 
  can you post the original save please ? 
   looks like it could be fun . 
  edit : what difficulty is it ? 
  if quality of equipment , training and professionalism is not included then why is australia 20th . 
  we have a very small military .
