  seeing as though we went from wooden spooners to 7th in a season i would n't be writing him off just yet . 
  i totally missed that . 
  come on geelong , please win . 
  thanks - everyone who 's not a swans supporter . 
  geelong , sydney and hawthorn have been the big names in the afl for the last 10 + years . 
  i 'd like to see someone else win it ( i know the dogs one last year but whateves ) only reason i 'd prefer a geelongwin is because i 'm still salty about being cleaned up in the elimination haha, 
  karmas a bitch sydney, 
  not doing rottnest but doing penguin island, 
  we are staying in mandurah . 
  and only in perth for 5 days so not going to far out . 
  but that sounds good , may be only able to do a few things in the short time . 
  awesome !, 
  thank you . 
  thanks west coast for taking worst finals performance award from us . 
  this just proves the difference between the top 4 and 5-8 teams . 
  the top 4 deserve to be there . 
  problem is us tasmanians are already loyal followers of existing clubs . 
  yeah we 'd love a team down here but i for one are n't going change the team i support . 
  i 'll go watch the games though for sure . 
  compared to tassie anything is good i 'm not expecting it to he gold coast theme park standard . 
  it 'd be full for a final or big game . 
  that 's 10 % of hobart 's population to ... 
  definitely inconsistentancy . 
  we have a lot of talent but some games they just do n't turn up ... 
  so frustrating losing to teams we should beat well . 
  then again i was n't expecting to beat , port , geelong , st. kilda etc so that 's a plus . 
  so cool !, 
  can you do more ? 
  i agree howes was a better mark . 
  but this is a fan vote . . 
  it 's an majority opinion not fact . 
  obviously not enough people voted for howe . 
  spot on . 
  people are not happy hahaha, 
  must be alot of bomber fans, 
  hi all ,, 
  just wanting to know how i can play a map with lots of desert without mods ? 
  ( i still want achievements ) is their settings that enable this such as water level etc ? 
  i just played a quick fun game , and was amazed at how many achievements i got in one go . 
  i played as america on pangaea duel map chieftain level . 
  this was odd cause i have over 500 hours game play , and got most achievements . 
  must have skipped the easy ones . 
  first in the hearts of your countrymen - beat as washington, 
  it 's just you and me kid - beat the game on a duel map, 
  going it old school - beat game on pangea, 
  i can has nukes - drop a nuke on an enemy city, 
  death before shame - fully complete honor tree, 
  flying fortress - bomb city with b-17, 
  access denied - create great firewall wonder, 
  taking off the training wheels - beat the game on chieftain, 
  seoul power-beat game in under 100 turns . 
  what do you know/think about australia ? 
  i 'm interested to hear how other countries perceive our nation and what they actually know . 
  i love playing the game without mods - getting achievements etc. 
  but i ca n't stand having to deal with only one unit per tile , it is so frustrating . 
  i understand their should be no `` stacks of doom '' as in other civ games but maybe a limit of 2 or 3 per tile . 
  to a lesser extent - ethnic units , it just gives each civ a bit more uniqueness . 
  r.e.d is also awesome , making untis actually look like units . . 
  i wish these three mods could be incorporated in the game . 
  thoughts ? 
  arguably the united states appears to have the `` best '' weapon systems across the board . 
  example : m1a2 abrams tank , f-22 raptor fighter , ford class super carrier . 
  my question really is , is their other any countries that may have better weapons ? 
  such as the german leopard is sometimes considered better than the abrams . 
  hey guys , i need help . 
  i just bought an ssd ( best decision ever ) i have now re-downloaded and re installed civ on the ssd . 
  problem - it lets me play for maybe 5 turns ? 
  and then bam crashes for no apparent reason . 
  i am currently playing a game with no mods active and it is still doing it : / any ideas ? 
  edit : windows 8 , intel i5 cpu , ssd , r5570 graphics card . 
  * background : male , 20 , 100 % straight , single , wear slightly metro sexual clothing . 
  ( all relevant ) *, 
  literally half an hour ago : during my lunch break i usually kill time by wandering through the city , bit of window shopping etc. 
  today i walked past a new shop that had recently just opened , pretty cool looking store named fresh , i 'm straight but i like to wear skinny jeans , shirts , flat shoes etc , nothing to manly . 
  so here i am checking out this store looking at some flats ( not obviously female ) that caught my eye , it 's at this point i 'm approached by a sales assistant ( strong 8/10 would bang ) . 
  here is where it gets embarrassing :, 
  sa : `` hey , how you doing , do you need any help ? '', 
  me : `` oh . . hi , no i 'm fine , just looking thanks '', 
  sa : `` sure , so just looking for a present for your girlfriend or ? '', 
  me : `` umm na for myself actually '', 
  sa : `` oh sure , * chuckles * '', 
  it was at this point i looked up and noticed not a single other male in the store and no obviously male clothing to be seen, 
  i looked up at the sa bright as a tomato and said : '' this is a girls only store is n't it '' . 
  she turned around to me laughing and said '' well yes , i was going to say something but did n't want to be rude '' at this point i 'm so red i 'm about to explode . 
  luckily for me the sa was really nice and finished by saying `` at least you have good fashion sense '', 
  at this point i realized she probably thinks i 'm gay , i left quickly . 
  tl ; dr : went shopping for myself in a girls only store , got in an awkward situation with a hot sales assistant . 
  hey all , just wondering if anyone could tell me how tom make modded civs such as australia start in it 's tsl . 
  i 've seen it enabled heaps , most obviously as in / u/tpangolin battle royale . 
  just a thought , but i think it 'd be cool if workers could be upgradeable . 
  like they could get a `` motorised '' promotion to gain extra movement , `` specialist '' promotion for faster tile improvement , `` military training '' promotion for better defence against attackers . 
  maybe late game they could get something like `` explosives specially '' to build tunnel roads through mountains . 
  experience could be gained the more work they do . 
  so like each improvement they make or road they build they gain some exp . 
  i 'm planning on starting a tsl europe , end in wwii era game . 
  i need a map that will support tsl for wwii mod civs like jfd nazi germany , chruchill britain etc. 
  i tried ynaemp but it did n't let me pick enough civs for the europe map . 
  anyone have some suggestions ? 
  scenario 1 : open plains battlefield with no civilians or buildings . 
  scenarios 2 : present day military is based in northern france , 1939 germany is based in germany,
