  we say g'day all the time , but other than imitating yanks trying to be aussie i 've never put shrimp and barbie in the same sentence never mind actually doing it . 
  unless you 're a bogan and then it '' s more like : ayeee bruz , cuz , bruv , dog , etc. 
  both , we have a love hate feeling for americans . 
  edit : this sums it up nicely https://i.imgur.com/4u14fjo.jpg, 
  i know right !, 
  hard to believe . 
  best sub eva, 
  we 're just like america , only better . 
  hitler would he proud, 
  yeah winger hussars are awesome in theory but at the end of the day they 're still useless lancers :(, 
  true , i tend to only use them against cav or already damaged units . 
  throwing a hussar at a full strength riflemen is pretty useless . 
  i 've never tried it , i 've never ever played attila . 
  sounds perfect for early warfare though . 
  warrior upgrades to batter ram , huh ? 
  never played witcher , but these civs look awesome 10/10 giving it a go . 
  top row , 4th from the left . . omnom . 
  not sure why you 're getting down voted . 
  100 % correct . 
  freedom is n't free ... or is it . 
  definitely , only if used effectively however , they do n't tend to fair to well without melee protection units . 
  with a user name like that , i 'm not surprised . 
  also former bartender , can also confirm everything mentioned . 
  money is brilliant $ 29 per hour standard ( australia ) , hours are shit . 
  it actually surprises me that modern western militaries still operate towed artillery , sp artillery seems to be much more functional ( although more expensive ) less crew required , can move under it 's own power , is armored and armed ( light machine gun ) . 
  and it 's not exactly a new innovation either , any reason why it has n't replaced towed artillery ? 
  not for long it 's being phased out unfortunately :(, 
  very true , but the idea of sp arty is that it can move itself :p, 
  man , girls can be just plain horrible sometimes, 
  this explains it well : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysym6p2hnqe, 
  mate , do n't even joke about that . 
  i was more going for just the marines/tanks/aircraft . 
  i realize now that it would be impossible . 
  let change it up - the entire current us marine corp vs the nazi german army during battle of france . 
  you 're correct - i never said the a-10 and m1 were in the marines however . 
  ( although the marines do have 400 + m1 's ), 
  yeah my bad i should have been more specific . 
  in terms of supply i would have said , the marines get the same support they would today ( re-supplied by sea on frances west coast maybe ? ), 
  that is a very good analysis !, 
  i think you 're right , i belief the marines would lose a serious amount of troops however , the wehrmacht for the most part were very good soldiers , and could adapt to bad situations . 
  you better be tasmanian because if you 're victorian and forgotten tasmania ... 
  an apache attack helicopter, 
  this is interesting because effectively they are opposing forces , the un peace keeping force lead by australia was combating indonesian backed rebels . 
  it 's like a ukrainian general saluting a russian troops . . 
  perfect example of living standards between the west and africa . 
  both soldiers , the belgian would have a good 40kg on this guy . 
  in saying that , soldier in africa is a very loose term , he could be a villager who just picked up a gun . 
  i thought it would be the opposite ? 
  we do n't talk about the emu war, 
  what type of planes are they ? 
  i know in australia we used to f-111 fighter bomber for this kinda stuff . 
  these look similar ? 
  also noob question , how did you link it without having the full website link ? 
  as in just `` alpha jets '', 
  for a guy , as long as you 're shorter than them it 's not an issue . 
  if you 're taller than me i would feel unmasculine as fuck and boom their goes the confidence . 
  garry from geordie shore , i hate to admit it but my hair is identical . 
  thank you for your relevant an informative answer . 
  with scenario 2 and 3 both the us and israeli forces are well versed in attacking in an urban area , the israelis especially train for it : http://www.idf.il/1562-en/dover.aspx . 
  although you are right in saying defenders are more likely to win i would n't say it 's a cut and dry victory . 
  technically they are apart of the french navy surely ? 
  looks fun . 
  could i have the save please ? 
  edit : it 's mp nevermind !, 
  i was about to say , the irony in the this being a french poster . . 
  but communist french so makes sense . 
  god damn it . 
  how did i not notice that . 
  thankyou kind sir, 
  nope , mines a legacy gt imported from japan . 
  although most of them are rs liberty 's in australia . 
  thanks !, 
  still very much a work in progress !, 
  needs more low , 
  first thing i noticed, 
  my spidey senses knew before the gif even started . 
  shhhhh, 
  canadians have fairly decent camo . . 
  the american i could see from space ... 
  for a country that is a quarter of the size of tokyo in land area they have an impressive military . 
  i assume you 're referring to malaysia and indonesia ? 
  i believe singapore - malaysian relations have actually improved in recent times , but yes you have a good point !, 
  australia here , our bike cops usually use full protective [ gear ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/01/sa_police_force.jpg ) . 
  that is literally once in a life time thing , the chances of this actually happening accidentally are phenomenal . 
  3.3 % of gdp is hardly a quarter . 
  do they all use the same 5.56 nato round ? 
  i imagine different ammo would be logistically an issue . 
  r/warshiporn will appreciate this i think, 
  as an australian this makes me sad . 
  this is actually a pretty accurate prediction , pretty scary when you think how possible it actually is . 
  what the fuck is a klondlike bar, 
  moving picture thingy . 
  i got arrested . 
  i woke up in the morning with no recollection of the night before only to find a court summons in the mail a week later for urinating on a police car . 
  safe to say i was surprised . 
  holy shit . 
  that was the best game ever, 
  i just meant it as , why would americans kill themselves when in australia , we 're bloody awesome, 
  til singapore imports water from malaysia . 
  is their no fresh water source at all ?
