  depends on personal preference i guess . 
  i much prefer modern history/military based mods . 
  i guess my idea comes from what i would want to play . 
  i think my idea reflects well on recent israeli history 1947-present , having to fight for survival - ua/uu reflects this . 
  possibly a little op ( open to suggestions ) . 
  i do like your idea though , i just prefer military over faith . 
  edit : i believe the ua is fair  it appears op but it is only active when another civ declares war , it ca n't be used as an offensive advantage . 
  it increases chances of survival and allows player to concentrate on other areas for victory , especially on diety . 
  as an australian i approve this message . 
  is that south african markings on the tail ? 
  does this mean this unit was supplied from south africa . 
  the dwight d. eisenhowser one is brilliant in my opinion . 
  someone make this !, 
  when this happened to me it was due to using conflicting mods : + + flags mod and info addict . 
  once i removed these to it was perfect . 
  sorry off topic - 108,000 subscribers , surely 20 % would be 21,600 not 5795 ? 
  haha , considering the effort you 've put in into this , i think we can let it slide :p, 
  i remember as a kid i made a pretend map/scenario of antarctica becoming fertile and each of theses base was a little nation supported by their settling countries , and it was all just one big war . 
  i miss having a imagination . 
  i fear you 've made a dire mistake . 
  this instantly makes me feel patriotic and i 'm not even polish . 
  their was photography that far back ? 
  wow . 
  as a australian , this map is a real piss off . 
  i believe this is appropriate https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2jsecwrbfjw, 
  op 's anthem : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-eov6whrqc, 
  please explain , because i have never seen those colours i reference to australia . 
  what difficulty level/map etc ? 
  edit : nevermind i actually looked at the civsaves post . 
  australia . 
  makes as much if not more sense than any of the other suggestions . 
  167 turns in - better than i expected . 
  i have two other cities settled that are doing are okay . 
  it 's south america so terrain is shit for settling cities . 
  panzers on open ground < 3, 
  i have sti floormats , does that count ? 
  north west just out of the screenshot - 4x silver , 2 x wheat and 1x fish . 
  foward settled china in north america - natural wonder and heaps of resources , was worth it . 
  i have a version iv sti turbo , so i guess that counts as well . 
  brb buying an sti badge . 
  this mod is soooo op , it 's great . 
  i do n't know where you sourced this from , but i want to know . 
  well i 'm sold . 
  good suggestion.can confirm http://i.imgur.com/v9uhypx.jpg, 
  so keen to try this !, 
  well that did n't work out to well for them . 
  oh to find a woman who enjoys civ , that is the dream !, 
  this is why the royal australian navy collins class subs were able to not only compete but in some cases beat other nations vessels during rimpac . 
  quick find some ruins !, 
  typical ai . 
  only if you 're using ynaemp . 
  try this :, 
  that should work , just enable mods and select new game  setup . 
  reminds of my civ ii days , enable cash cheat  buy all the techs . 
  wow your uu and ua are completely useless , good luck ! . 
  just pray england is n't in the game . 
  because ethiopia . 
  i disagree . 
  ship of the line is just so lethal !, 
  or in the case of ship of the line - floating deadly cannonball spitting shields of death and destruction . 
  i was thinking.if you were to take control of one of the civs , who would it be and why ? 
  oh yeah totally agree - this is playing on emperor to !, 
  which is usually no walk in the park , but on archipelago map with england , was just way to easy . 
  i know it 's a mod but hey it 's a start . 
  if it 's anything like total war i 'll be happy . 
  oh so that 's where those came from . 
  i thought my expanded resources mod got stuck or something . 
  i 've never played civ iv , but after seeing this i kinda want to try it , how different is it from civ v ? 
  fine example of how bad civ diplomacy is . 
  did n't realize the chinese government would allow u.s ships into hong kong , i know they 're semi independent but still i thought that would be a big no no . 
  awesome explanation , thanks !, 
  turns out i already bought civ iv , so i 'll give it a go , 
  i wish civ v and this level of feels . 
  all i see is cannon foder but with civ iv i almost feel bad for sending soldiers to their deaths . 
  yep that was me . 
  got down voted after being up for like 12 hours , so i just removed it . 
  i made the op and i 'm not even mad :p, 
  save please ? 
  no mods ,, 
  map : british isles standard size ,, 
  difficulty : emperor ,, 
  standard speed ,, 
  10 civs 10 city states ,, 
  standard resources etc. 
  a bit different today : https://www.google.com.au/maps/search/maps/@-42.880123,147.324553,3a,75y,224.88h,86.51t/data=!3m4!1e1!3m2!1sbwbbewluiw8t7zc_argcia!2e0, 
  you kinda get the feeling they 're all '' come at us nk , we ai n't scared '', 
  you 're lack of armour and air power concerns me , so much oil !, 
  i think it 's time you go all blitzkrieg . 
  although not nato australia is similar , i think we have half a dozen f/a -18 's doing regular strikes against isis . 
  edit : i was right :d, 
  australia :, 
  400 raaf personnel, 
  200 special forces troops, 
  6 f/a -18 super hornet, 
  1 kc-30a refueling plane, 
  c-130j hercules & c-17a globemaster transport aircraft, 
  600 canadian armed forces personnel, 
  100 special operations forces, 
  2 lockheed cp-140 aurora surveillance aircraft, 
  1 airbus cc-150 polaris refueling tanker,
