  and with out these factors should n't even be on the list . 
  live in australia , universal health care and cheap taxes . 
  win win . 
  we just do n't talk about the debt . 
  that 's crazy , i cut my leg open and had to have a bunch of stitches , anight in hospital plus all the happy pain killing drugs and i walked out the next day not a dollar poorer ( i live in australia ) . 
  how is the us health system so far behind ? 
  you got ta go what you got ta do . 
  going without oil in the modern era is suicide . 
  same in australia , except it takes 8 hours . 
  that 's the problem when healthcare is free , everyone gets it . 
  oettinger beer . . example of a shitty german export . 
  house of cards . 
  ah so in australia if you earn more than like $ 25k a year you 're on your own , but in nordic countries you could earn maybe $ 40k ( guessing ) before benefits are cut . 
  oh wow it is to :p, 
  as true as that is our average income is comparatively high so we can afford to pay the extra $ $ for goods , also australia produces a fuck load off stuff internally , australian made stuff is cheap . 
  bbqs and bevos for everyone !, 
  says i do n't have required dlc - i have everything . 
  werid : s, 
  these are n't still in active service surely ? 
  their is heaps of others that do the same though . 
  build 1000 roads , build 1000 temples etc etc, 
  love it so far !, 
  i really dig the map also , do you have it uploaded anywhere ? 
  also how did you get tsl to work ? 
  i would love to play this map but with maybe less specific region civs , england , france , dutch , germany etc. 
  i do n't think it 's us `` fighting skills '' that are the issue , has been serving the us military well for years . 
  iraq and afghanistan are totally different situations . 
  those countries are highly tribal and divided , most of the soldiers lack the motivation and will power to actually stick around and fight for their `` country '' even if they have been given the skills and hardware to do so . 
  the ukraine however , unless you 're a pro-russian you 're going to stick around and fight to defend your country . 
  ukrainian soldiers like that with us training and hardware i believe could be quiet effective ( not that i support that path , i believe it will only escalate the situation ), 
  ah fair enough !, 
  yeah i do n't have the patience or know how to place each civ in the correct tsl . 
  so i was hoping you had some easy way such as in ynmp that comes pre loaded with tsl . 
  maybe your map could be integrated into that ? 
  the tower is fucking huuuge !, 
  i had a weird though when looking at this . 
  lets say the modern dutch army replaced the 1940 's one . 
  how well would they hold up against the german attack i wonder . 
  they did just get rid of their leopard mbts so maybe not so well, 
  do n't call new zealanders `` from down under '' they 're a bit sensitive about becoming our 7th state , 
  i ca n't decide what design i like better, 
  the germans captured a heap of them from the french in 1940 and put them in to service on the eastern front , so that could be why ? 
  good spotting !, 
  they are very similar to the wwi french tanks . 
  funnily enough , the char b1 were the best tanks in the world until the soviet t-34 came around . 
  french just did n't know how to use them, 
  although not very accurate : http://www.aubada.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/us_by_israel.png, 
  the ukrainian crisis seems to be a constant battle of blaming the other side . 
  this is my understanding :, 
  ukrainians began protesting against the yanukovych government as it was becoming pro-russian and ignoring the ukrainian constitution . 
  once yanukovych was ousted a temp government was setup which then gave way to the election of petro poroshenko , pro-russian ukrainians saw this as an illegal overthrow and believe yanukovych should still be in charge . 
  as a result these pro- yanukovych supporters began a separatist movement `` supported '' by russia , hence the civil war and crimean crisis . 
  interested to see what others opinions are ? 
  my understanding is very basic but i still believe the ukrainian government to be in the right ( although poroshenko does appear to be a capitalist and self centered leader , but hey what western lead is n't ), 
  as someone who does n't understand baseball ... wtf just happened ? 
  ethnic units mod is best mod < 3, 
  as true as the meaning of this `` statement '' may be , it was never a quote by yamamoto http://www.factcheck.org/2009/05/misquoting-yamamoto/, 
  i feel as though in this scene she has given up and is about to leave winterfell :( is that not a carriage she is standing in front of ? 
  amen sista, 
  haha damn, 
  aka `` ukraine '', 
  wow , the usmc aviation is bigger than the entire raaf , actually the marine corp is bigger than the whole entire australian defense force . 
  f88 austeyr : the australian army 's modified version of the steyr aug a1 . 
  changes for the australian version include a bayonet lug , a 1:7 in rifling pitch as found in the m16a2 rifle , optimised for the heavier 62-grain nato-standard ss109/m855 round and an `` automatic lockout '' selector that can physically disable the fully automatic position of the two-stage trigger mechanism found on the standard aug. 
  contrary to popular belief the australian issued f88 does not have the crosshair inside the `` doughnut '' , [ citation needed ] however the new zealand issued f88 austeyr does incorporate this feature . 
  the f88 won a competition against the prototype of what would become the bushmaster m17s . 
  the components are built under licence at the thales lithgow small arms factory . 
  reminds me of this one time : http://i.imgur.com/bipwyas.jpg, 
  reminds me of the time i came across a nest of little cute birdies and i was like awww , nek minit i 'm being dive bombed by fucking huge plovers . 
  those fuckers are crazy evil . 
  there you go friend http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=94126618, 
  roman empire mod on king difficulty , it 's like total war rome all over again . 
  http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=442814713&amp;searchtext=roman+empire+scenario+%28v4%29+ -, 
  yeah , but this is fun . 
  so why not , 
  different strategy to me !, 
  i 'm leaving carthage till last , they 've build a huge army and navy . 
  so it should be an interesting final showdown , 
  enhanced user interface mod, 
  bravos ? 
  greece was a little bitch !, 
  i ige a few galleass for funsies to deal with them :p, 
  * the russians hate her *, 
  why ? 
  u wot m8, 
  try being decedents of english criminals , woo heritage !, 
  such a fun game !, 
  civ has defiently taken over as my favorite game but to have them both in one is great !, 
  i 've never played assassins creed and i instantly knew it was referring to it . 
  dirty easterner, 
  you sir make a good point, 
  they are doing the same thing in melbourne !, 
  authorities , killing the love . 
  they 're using m4s instead of the standard tavor , could be a specialised unit ? 
  edit : the flag on the shoulder ? 
  does n't seen israeli, 
  i do n't care how many shitty tanks the north have this column would kick ass !, 
  ah right you are !, 
  i just saw `` short m-16 '' and thought must be an m4 haha . 
  - but i wan na try it this way ,
