  dat upgraded cav tho . 
  they gon na be some sweet tanks, 
  do n't go to the northern suburbs - not nice . 
  you 'll be able to get a unit/flat for under $ 200 in sandy bay , mt.nelson or the cbd , all are close to the university , pretty much walking distance . 
  edit : you can also stay on campus which is n't to bad : http://www.accommodation.utas.edu.au/sandy-bay/university-apartments, 
  i was just on holiday in melbourne and after now knowing my way around this map is actually so accurate . 
  ah yeah it 's only for a year . 
  you will struggle to find a rental who will do longer than a 1 year lease , but it 's possible , just have to negotiate . 
  just realized i named it hmas not hms , this is what happens when you play as australia to much . 
  i thought that was obvious , nevermind . 
  rule 5 : when i built a carrier and moved it to the sea it lined up with the harbor and looked like it was actually docked . 
  have n't seen this happen before . 
  mods : jfd wwii civs , science end in wwii era . 
  ethnic units , 3 units per tile , red . 
  what difficulty are you playing on ? 
  also maybe a bigger map with more civs , could make it harder . 
  playing civ v as british , made up a ship name `` iron druke '', 
  turns out to be a rl ship . 
  can someone sum up the difference between a sniper and a designated marksmen ? 
  cheers . 
  brings a whole new meaning to military porn, 
  can anyone lay this over a current day map ? 
  or are the differences to much ? 
  it 's cool to see other nations who fought in wwii , they are so easily overshadowed by the major powers , people seem to forget that their was so many other nations involved . 
  cool , so wall street is actually `` wall '' street !, 
  how the hell does it cost that much !, 
  it 's effectively a fancy willy jeep . 
  yeah $ 600k for a mortar . 
  you could buy a bushmaster for that . 
  it comes mortar capable to ... 
  i actually did this for a good 15 minutes whilst on holiday in melbourne , australia . 
  in those 15 minutes i saw a nice man give a homeless man food , a 7/11 get robbed and a bike rider get hit by a tram ... 
  pretty sure that 's a german flag on his shoulder ? 
  melbourne . 
  most livable city in the world . 
  in front of 3 other aussie cities . 
  australia is awesome . 
  that 's standard across oz though . 
  you will rarely find a decent case of beer for under $ 40.00 . 
  can confirm . 
  also sat up straight . 
  i 'm from hobart and went over for holiday and fell in love . 
  i was lucky and got a transfer to a well paying job - so cbd living :d, 
  imagine being a nato soldier in the late 80 's chilling on the border and you see 100 's of these and 1000 's of t-80 's coming towards you - shit would be scary . 
  maybe op is referring to it as bundeswehr special forces command ( ksk ) being like the usa 's special forces joint services command ( jsc ) . 
  like are n't all the special forces under this central command despite what branch they are from ? 
  and saying army is illustrating that this particular sf unit is from the heer . 
  til the italian navy is pretty dahn strong . 
  haha i think i need to play this game, 
  the point is , people got to crush things with a tank !, 
  this would be awesome if someone could colourize it !, 
  you 'd notice how bloody bright the french red and blue uniform is . 
  1000 + hours of civ v. i got dis !, 
  if that was a real frag he would 've been all kinds of fucked !, 
  sounds like doug from house of cards, 
  those four there could probably take out a whole north korean armored division . 
  the russian is actually australian so more like 5, 
  he 's australian, 
  russian actually australian . 
  of course the fucking * australian is strapped to the teeth . 
  that 's because he 's actually australian , 
  edit : russian soldier is in fact australian . 
  source : https://www.facebook.com/australiandefenceforcephotography/photos/a.719577661402446.1073741828.719403434753202/1137996046227270/?type=1&amp;theater, 
  the type 74 's these look like m-60 pattons !, 
  but research tells me they were independently designed and built , go japan !, 
  actually yeah i think you 're right !, 
  nope the big one is the `` fast one '' the uss albuquerque . 
  edit : quick google , they both have a max submerged speed of 37 kph ( 23mph ), 
  americans have n't fought for `` freedom '' since world war two and even then their was next to no chance the `` freedom ' was under any threat . 
  that 's great , and i agree that is fighting for freedom.but that 's not american freedom . 
  us citizens are under no threat of losing their `` freedom '' , none is going to invade america , it 's just ridiculous hearing all these people say that soldiers are fighting in iraq and afghanistan to protect the country . 
  but then you get people who go `` oh well they 're over there stopping the terrorists '' . . yeah and that 's going great so far ... besides you would n't have a terrorist issue if you did n't invade every country that has oil . 
  qatar : 11,800 total personnel - 62x leopard 2a7 . 
  12ish 1970s mirage fighters . 
  20 or so patrol boats . 
  nepal :140,000 total personnel , ( they have kick ass gurkhas ) 100 apcs , no navy or air force . 
  unless nepal hires a navy and air force , qatar has got this one . 
  give nepal enough ships to get their troops there and enough air power to cover them and nepal takes victory . 
  to be honest i think it comes down to if the bundeswehr can keep itself supplied , it 's armour would be invulnerable to anything the nazis had and as long as they kept sup ; lied they could probably slowly grind them down . 
  finally someone who actually has an intellectual perspective and not just `` we are ` murica , everyone else is wrong '' . 
  i respect your view , and do somewhat agree . 
  but how long can the us keep doing this ? 
  you ca n't police everyone . 
  totally agree , americans as a peoples are cool !, 
  government is not so cool , but hey i 'm australian and our government is n't much better . 
  how are german - polish relations these days ? 
  i realize they 're technically nato/eu allies . 
  but in general do the poles still have some bitterness towards germans ? 
  edit : why down vote ? 
  it 's simply a question , some people . 
  scandinavian navies have the coolest looking ships !, 
  i 'd say in that case invading iran is out of the question , 
  personally no , my country however , you would n't invade poor little australia ... would you . . 
  yeah we 're like you 're cool little bro who kinda takes after you but then completely does our own thing at the same time . 
  this thing as more antennas than a russian propaganda station . 
  am australian , not aware , plz explain, 
  is their a way you can get this much zoom out on a 1920x1080 27 ' monitor, 
  as an australian , i approve . 
  what fighters are they ? 
  they look like russian su-27 's ?
