  c-130j hercules & cc-177 globemaster iii transport aircraft, 
  i only just noticed this comment !, 
  fantastic , giving this a go tonight :d, 
  thanks !, 
  i should really check inbox 's more often . 
  looks awesome thanks for creating it , 
  now what civ to use, 
  i 'm using this map in civilization v , if you 're interested on how it looks , 
  i wish and hope with all my heart that australia will be able to make a miraculous victory , but as a betting man i 'd say the ussr has the best chance . 
  hey op , how did you get the civs to start in their tsl ? 
  it appears to be that it is only a small minority of people who actually have any issue with the upheaval . 
  majority rules . 
  deal with it . 
  get excited :d, 
  that 's smart thinking !, 
  i got excited when i noticed the historical accuracy and thought it may have been standard . 
  in game editor is best !, 
  as a 17th century enemy soldier of poland i can i ` magine a full charge from these blokes would have been scary as shit . 
  thirded . 
  can i just say , your flair is fantastic . 
  to the 50 % of us who are n't american this would be kinda suck , you know having know idea what any of the teams are :p, 
  i would n't even be mad if canada won , i can imagine they would be the nicest oppressors the world has seen . 
  maori hyping to become our seventh state . 
  i 've been pronouncing it this whole time as [ hus-saar ], 
  we 're happy little vegemite 's as stronk as stronk can be , next thing you know we 've taken all your cities . 
  touch\u00e9, 
  let 's team up and divide the world between us , we 'll take the south , you guys take the north ? 
  ca ca ... can we play , we have freedom and stuff to . 
  i would play the shit out of this . 
  which is rather ineffective in a dom only game :(, 
  did not realize they were that well equipped ie ; helmets , uniform etc. 
  this is one of my favourite ai onlys , keep em coming , 
  launceston , tasmania , australia . 
  population : 106,153, 
  does n't have a dot . 
  good news : australia not losing . 
  bad news : australia not winning . 
  bogans are the rednecks of australia . 
  yeah that would make sense !, 
  their is still hope !, 
  hey tpangolin , what net connection are you on ? , i have 100/40 fibre connection and have never had an issue . 
   windows 8 , intel i5 cpu , ssd , r5570 graphics card . 
  internal ? 
  i mean i 'm running windows and civ on it and that 's it . 
  no internal via sata cable . 
  possibly , i think it may be on the way out . 
  but i 've played over 800 hours on full graphics before i got the ssd and it was okay . 
  maybe it has just finally decided to give up . 
  keep off our lawn, 
  to soon ? 
  please continue ... 
  because female . 
  `` do n't chop the dinosaur daddy ! '', 
  after a quick google i 'm going to go ahead and assume this is in reference to the office with steve carell . 
  ( never watched it ), 
  i could 've , should 've but did n't :(, 
  if indonesia declare war on oz , the island colonies are goners :(, 
  i love this . 
  but ethnic and r.e.d unit mods would have made this so much better !, 
  i like this , kinda like rl . 
  i imagine the us spends big $ $ to maintain their military bases . 
  i thought this was actual amsterdam for a second . 
  i was like wait what - the most powerful nation of the time period with a tiny capital city . 
  better to lose money than lose lives, 
  hobart friend !, 
  awesome , cheers !, 
  this is such a common occurrence with the a.i that i 'm starting to feel like it 's not really worth a r/civ post , play on anything above prince and it 's almost guaranteed . 
  well you certainly do n't - * 226 happiness *, 
  looking at this photo , the ark royal looks huge !, 
  ... and then you compare it to this http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/12/hms_ark_royal_uss_nimitz_norfolk1_1978.jpeg, 
  have n't discovered astronomy for caravels . 
  i 'm effectively stuck . 
  to be perfectly honest i did explore it with a trieme but have no idea how , thought it glitched or something . 
  i 'm sitting about middle in terms of science anyway . 
  as long as i 'm not to far behind , should be okay . 
  edit : to add , i do n't actually care if i win or not , just a test really to see if this setup would work okay with the mods i have used . 
  if i cared about winning i 'd play with no mods and aim for achievements . 
  i could but i 'd have to turn off the barbie and get shazza to loook after the new born , plus i still have a box of stubbies in the freezer that need drinking . . maybe tomorrow . 
  yeah seems i was slow to jump on the religion bandwagon ( i got uluru late ) so no religion for me :(, 
  it 's a bit difficult if you ca n't cross the ocean ... 
  rushing astronomy is the current objective !, 
  but that is a good alternate idea . 
  probably should have thought of it earlier, 
  was n't on purpose or anything i swear , 
  i 'm from tasmania , so close enough . 
  when i get home i shall , 
  exactly - it 's as boring in rl as it is in game . 
  map is ynaemp large earth tsl . 
  real wold resources placement . 
  i 'm using ynaemp ( latest version - v. 22 ) in ynaemp setup you have the option to select tsl - if the modded civs you are using are compatible with ynaemp it will start in its tsl . 
  the colonist legacies australia mod i 'm using is compatible hence why it works , 
  na just standard ^, 
  be patient young padawan, 
  they dead . 
  what makes it so maneuverable ? 
  according to wiki : cost : $ 12.8 billion + $ 4.7 billion r&d ( estimated ), 
  yeah totally agree . 
  in any case that 's a shit ton of money , i love aircraft carriers but shit these things are worth more than some countries economies . 
  yeah it 's because it 's squashed down , the huge version of this map is pretty bang on correct , not sure what happened with this map . 
  i apologize , i got really drunk last night and did n't manage to get home . .
