  what 's with the uniform ... they look extremely similar to the actual syrian army . 
  debatable . 
  the drop bears have a large army . 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  i 'm quite aware of america 's military . 
  they could definitely invade but holding it would be a different matter . 
  as cool as they look . . that would be super uncomfortable . 
  the old ladies are like `` oh no , not again '', 
  i did n't watch a single game in 2016 because of the doping scandal and we were playing shit obviously . 
  but i never lost faith , this year we are back better than ever and it 's exciting to be a supporter again . 
  essendon is good enough to beat any team in the comp and brisbane beat us , this season is so even . 
  brisbane will improve next year !, 
  as someone who is also from hobart i highly suggest going . 
  the atmosphere is 100x better than a game in tassie . 
  and it 's so much better if you are seeing your own team . 
  would definetley be funner with other people but alone would n't be so bad . 
  first and last time i will support collingwood, 
  germany not dived between east and west ? 
  they were very much two separate countries at this point . 
  good point . 
  in saying that if we ca n't put up a good show against adelaide then it does remove our credibility as a finals team . 
  we say this every week but we actually need to win this one ... 
  did someone say closes games ? 
  agreed . 
  the top 4 ( bar adelaide ) are n't on the same level as the top 4 last year . 
  a defeat under 30 points i 'll consider a win haha, 
  yep . . we 're screwed, 
  imagine if we won the gf ... 
  i know it 's almost impossible , but just imagine . 
  we actually finished 6th and then got removed from the 8 due to the saga . . that was what hurt the most . 
  the germans captured 30,000 lorries from britain and more from france after dunkirk and they till relied predominantly on horses . 
  just shows the difference in mechanization compared to say the us or uk . 
  to many feels man, 
  if we lose by under 20 points i 'm happy, 
  i find myself really getting behind brisbane . 
  i 'm still pissed they beat us but every time they play i 'm going for them , they will be a good team in the future . 
  gon na be tough without merrett and fantasia , joey is gon na have to morph into superman or something . 
  if you ca n't , you do n't deserve to play finals , i mean that with the utmost respect considering we nearly lost to carlton also . 
  if we had fantatsia and merrett i 'd say we 'd be in with a chance . 
  you guys just have way to much run and midfield talent for us to shutdown i think . 
  i was like what . . why ? 
  their is n't any byes ... then i realized aha . 
  can you just let us have this one ? 
  you guy 's do n't need the points , 
  the way i see it ... either 3 wins or 2 big wins get us through . 
  shhhhhhh, 
  i think if their is more interstate teams than victorian in the final 8 it should be play interstate . 
  losing by a small margin will almost be as good as winning ( providing we beat gc and fremantle convincingly ), 
  and look how we turned out !, 
  from wooden spooners to possible finals . 
  brisbane will be the same next year ,, 
  almost guaranteed haha, 
  oh ... well this is awkward . 
  that 's the second time this year i 'll have to go for collingwood ... god damn it . 
  if we win two well and do n't get smashed by adelaide we 'll push you out with percentage . 
  excuse me, 
  st. kilda by a point ... perfect . 
  for us !, 
  we are literally as likely to win all 3 as lose all 3 ... that 's where essendon is at currently . 
  shhhh bad juju, 
  yeah , real talk jk has got it in the bag ... but one can hope . 
  yeah i agree . 
  we have some solid players in joey , merett , hurley , tippa , hooker ( arguably ) heppel , parish etc. 
  and then their 's a big divide between old and new . . 
  i would have preferred a worse result this year to see a strong team next year . 
  first post on here . 
  is that not allowed ? 
  ( i did n't read the rules tbh ), 
  richmond is my second team so i 'll be getting behind them if the bombers fail to make finals ( likely ) i always back the team who has n't won for a while . 
  you guys just need to make it to a gf !, 
  i personally think he 's great ... however a lot of people criticism him . 
  his poor kicking has arguably lost us a game or two . 
  he is definetley an essential part of our team but as others have said he 's 29 . . he 's not a developing player . 
  he 'd be first if he did n't miss so much haha . 
  as a tasmanian i fully support this . 
  as much as i try i just ca n't get into nrl . 
  i 'm not saying it 's bad , but for me it 's just boring . 
  afl is just so much more varied and seems to take more skill not just how big you are and how hard you can hit the other guy . 
  i 'm not even mad, 
  sounds like essendon haha, 
  so ready i 'd almost be willing to bet on it . 
  it 's been done before : , (, 
  haha yes, 
  pretty happy with the changes . 
  realistically even without hurley if we ca n't beat a struggling gold coast then we do n't really deserve to make finals anyway . 
  why is his nickname fridge ? 
  as a tasmanian i feel odd about this . 
  i 'm a bombers supporter but if we get a tassie team am i meant to switch ? 
  i 'd defientley support the team but i 'm still gon na go for essendon at the end of the day . 
  i feel most tasmanian 's would be the same . 
  makes sense . 
  yeah absolutely , i often go to the kangas game just to watch . 
  i 'd definetley do the same with a tassie team . 
  so what i got from that was we need to beat gold coast and melbourne , west coast and bulldogs need to loose ... see you all next year : , (, 
  worst game of footy i 've seen in awhile . . glad we won , but wow . 
  pretty good game so far !, 
  come on roos , we do n't need st kilda breathing down our necks for 8 spot . 
  at first i was kinda glad green is out but we do n't really have a great replacement : /, 
  do n't think the bombers have ever played in tassie :(, 
  shhhhh,
