  not poor skippy !, 
  ahahaha why are black people so funny . 
  this is awesome dude , keep 'em coming . 
  i agree with / u/thebigrigg though , need to check the reds . 
  maybe mongolia or huns ? 
  but they do n't really fit with the 20th century theme . 
  you could also maybe add a `` white/royalist russia '' and put them in the east . 
  not 100 % realistic but could be cool . 
  the russian civil war was in the 20th century after all . 
  yeah that 's the one i was thinking of !, 
  r/cityporn will love this, 
  if the u.s ever invades canada it 's going to be turkey shoot - dat camo . 
  wow they actually look like a somewhat competent army in this . 
  it makes me so mad that the u.s gives them all this good gear such as m4 's , abrams and humvees and they run at the first sign of trouble leaving all the shit for isis . 
  looks like a fancy bmp to me, 
  suddenly a wild soviet mil mi-24 appears . 
  yeah actually after having closer look it does n't look at all like a bmp haha , alcohol does bad things . 
  what 's your setup for this game ? 
  mods ? 
  i 'm assuming ynaemp ? 
  australia is actually doing really well . 
  it is in the top end of the scale for all stat 's and has slowly risen each episode , i sense a dark horse . 
  can confirm , i 'm not exactly wealthy and i bought civ v complete for like $ 100 ,1000 hours later so worth it . 
  aka : abrams hunters . 
  more than likely not , but i imagine that 's what the russians would use them for . 
  apparently they 're operational , good god they would be useless . 
  at least they have a decent armored car ... which has a bigger gun and thicker armour . . why would you even keep a sherman never mind a stuart . 
  let 's be honest the m60 is way cooler than the abrams, 
  good point !, 
  i guess they are n't facing any abrams or t-90s anytime soon . 
  because imugur is shit ( or i do n't know how to use it properly ) :, 
  ohh did n't even think of that !, 
  i will give it a go , have n't played as india yet . 
  no way am i going back to vannila :p, 
  its enhanced user interface i 'm pretty sure . 
  it is technically a mod but does n't effect achievements . 
  the dutch beat me to it because i was busy doing something else . . 
  i got it eventually by you know ... 
  killing them . 
  combination of things , mainly due to petra , 
  and ethnic units !, 
  i would play without mods all the time if the units actually looked like the civ they come from . 
  they were the biggest threat to victory , even though i was pulling ahead there resistance became frustrating . 
  yeah it 's on quick , i 'm juts trying to smash out achievements at the moment so did n't want a long long game . 
  brb popping down to the sydney opera house as we speak . 
  it 's small europe . 
  i usually never do but got ta get dem achievements . 
  til what a plateu is . 
  unless they 're unemployed most people in australia earn at least $ 35k per year and that 's a bare minimum with no qualifications , go to university or achieve other qualifications and it quickly shoots up . 
  living expenses in australia is n't terrible , i mean it 's not dirt cheap like the u.s but it ' still affordable , unless you live in the cbd of one of the major cities , then you pay 70 % of your pay just in rent . 
  i have unlimited 100/40 for $ 120 per month ... what 's everyone else doing wrong ? 
  i can work 20 hours a week and still receive full government benefits , effectively i can receive up to $ 700 a week for 20 hours , it 's crazy . 
  australia is a good place to live . 
  err ... what happened ? 
  my conclusion :, 
  poland stronk . 
  australia ... what are you doing mate . 
  america ... you suck . 
  ottomans are clear favorites , but i predict it 's going to be a long haul before we get a result . 
  i notice they have the the sr-98 sniper , sr-25 sniper and f88 austeyer , i wonder is this so they can cover long medium and close range as a team . 
  `` recent '', 
  seriously good choice of camo, 
  seals can get killed ? 
  `` sr-98 - an australian variant of the bolt action accuracy international arctic warfare rifle '', 
  at first i thought this was the start of some sketchy `` bang my step mum '' porno . 
  til !, 
  just like in rl :(, 
  this guy gets it !, 
  1939 but okay, 
  their country is nearly getting overrun and they 've got these bad boys just chilling ... why . 
  what games is this gif from ? 
  yeah i noticed the t-62 's ? 
  ( i think ), 
  but the sp artillery and amphibious vehicles seems fairly recent and american ? 
  seems like a waste . 
  oh sorry i mean , what 's the w : ee in reference to ? 
  if you were really that good of friends , you would still be friends . 
  would have been standing about here, 
  australia not a city state - winning !, 
  awesome !, 
  definitely will . 
  yep - i 'll take as many as possible , 
  it 's already docked ? 
  we need coastal fortresses such as in civ ii , gives an awesome defense against naval units . 
  came in at like 11am , i only noticed because my desk at work directly overlooks the wharf !, 
  ca n't wait to see it up close . 
  time to build a canal, 
  australia the dark horse, 
  sorry should say groups , caption reads :, 
  the carrier strike groups of the kitty hawk , ronald reagan , and abraham lincoln with aircraft from the marine corps , navy , and air force . 
  i knew you were n't australian as soon as you spelt new south wales as `` whales '' even the dumbest aussies know how to spell that . 
  top marks for accent though, 
  just for fun , mention the actual area you live . 
  for example , i 'm aussie and live in tasmania so nothing changes , 
  map was made by u/sylonl for battle royale . 
  my thoughts exactly !, 
  i was like . . sighh , not another resources post.but this , just wow !, 
  you can , same with quick combat . 
  not sure if you 're californian or alaskan :p, 
  edit : or mexican . . or canadian . . or russian .
