  sorry to disappoint you guys but we play terrible against shit teams . . an upset would not suprise me . 
  haha it 's not like either of our teams have a hope of getting past the first round of finals anyway . 
  imagine coming from 8th spot to win the gf after the terrible form we 've had ... would be miracle . 
  i 'd be happy just to make finals , if we get to the second round that 's almost a gf in itself . 
  from wood spoon to second round of finals !, 
  2018 grand final , ess vs wce . . lock it in . 
  yeah absolutely agree !, 
  the only frustrating thing is we could have almost been top 4 if we 'd won brisbane and sydney games , but it is what it is . 
  just do a connor mckenna and bounce it 6000 times and you 'll be fine . 
  apparently if eagles win by 30 + and we only win by a point they overtake us ... however it also depends on the actual higher score . 
  if we win 100 - 99 against eagles winning 60 - 30 for example we would benefit . 
  not sure how it works haha . 
  i had a quick play around with ladder predictor : http://i.imgur.com/efxpavu.jpg, 
  i really hope he does n't he is such a solid unit in our undermanned midfield . 
  i just hope we get port on the first round and not sydney ... we were even with sydney last game but i feel like they 've only improved since then and we 've been a bit stagnant . 
  assuming we make it i 'm praying we get port in first round of finals and not sydney !, 
  assuming we make it i 'm praying we get port in first round of finals and not sydney !, 
  assuming we make it i 'm praying we get port in first round of finals and not sydney !, 
  at least your best set shot is n't a ruckman ... 
  12 % , that 's ... really bad . 
  look you 're not wrong . 
  in saying that he is a fantastic mark , if he gets his kicking right he 'll be a powerful forward . 
  13th on the coleman after being a defender his whole career is pretty impressive despite his accuracy . 
  is there ? 
  i did n't take much notice . 
  you 'd think the guys in the forward line getting paid the big $ $ would be the most accurate . 
  standard afl website behavior . 
  tippa also a really good set shot !, 
  howlett our `` best '' haha ha ha ... wut . 
  that 's better !, 
  really ? 
  i thought smoking would be banned for afl players ? 
  i guess it 's their own body but still , would be frowned upon ? 
  yeah ok fair enough , that 's pretty interesting actually . 
  they are only human after all , i guess if it does n't effect their performance and does n't reflect badly on the club then it 's not to much of an issue . 
  we 'll either win by 10 goals and be estatic or lose by a point and officially give up on being a good club again . 
  can i play ? 
  bombers by 21 , i reckon it 'll be a close game . 
  just so we can get spanked by sydney in the first round : , (, 
  hahaha i 'm not even mad, 
  grand final here we come !, 
  good news . 
  even if we lose we may still make finals ... 
  if west coast and st. kilda lose ( likely ) we still might beat them on percentage . 
  totally undeserved finals , but finals none the less . 
  what i got from this is that we are pretty much right where we should be . 
  shhhhh man , do n't jinx it . 
  i think essendon , west coast and melbourne are in the same boat . 
  decent teams , but do n't really deserve to play finals . 
  not enough consistency . 
  for me just making finals is a victory . 
  18th - 7/8th in a year , i ai n't mad . 
  as an bombers supporter , not sure if i should be happy or not . 
  your form has improved alot since that game . . 
  ours has remained mediocre . 
  we do seem to play better against tough opposition though so we shall see . 
  we are getting so much hate on facebook for it to . 
  people are so narrow minded , their are literally people like this in every club . 
  did n't know what you guys meant ... just googled it . 
  wow we were 6-0 ... 
  i do n't even remember that . 
  this whole asada investigation has smothered my memory of us being a solid team :(, 
  stop it ... 
  he 's already dead : , (, 
  `` working '', 
  exactly ... 
  it is a joke . 
  lighten up people . 
  i 'm not sure is this is a good thing or bad thing for us gws beat us by more than sydney but sydney is arguably the better side . 
  yeah our contested game is not strong sadly . 
  bit mad tippa was n't nominated for his goal against port ... that was amazing . 
  still pretty fierce competition . 
  and his goal against port !, 
  i hate that you 're right :(, 
  agreed !, 
  it has been a great year ... it 's just frustrating for us because it could have been better . 
  i 'd love to see essendon do it ( i know it 's almost impossible ) . . not just casue i 'm supporter but to come from wooden spooners to premiers in a year would be amazing . 
  has that even been done before ? 
  same as the all australian selection for us, 
  future looks bright which is great . 
  yeah carlton , collingwood , hawks seem to be our biggest rivals . 
  i do n't mind hawthorn though , just need a break from success for a while , 
  why do you say that ? 
  i think we have a more solid team now than we have in recent times . 
  yeah we 've lost jobe and kelly but they were n't exactly in their prime this year anyway . 
  so mad you guys got port and we got sydney ... god damn it melbourne why u suck, 
  i reckon sydney has us by 4 or 5 goals tbh , anythings possible though . 
  bye week has raised our chances for 1 % to 10 % so i 'm not mad, 
  west coast vs essendon grand final . . mark my words haha, 
  jokes on you ... you just implied sydney will win ... 
  which they will god damn it . 
  shhhh we only play well when everyone thinks we suck and are going to lose . 
  i hope you 're not relying on us : /, 
  i hope you 're not relying on us : /, 
  you did watch the last game we played agilent geelong yeah ? 
  if we somehow manage to beat sydney we 'd almost be favorites over geelong . 
  well . 
  it was nice why it lasted . 
  getting on the tigers train !, 
  ill save you a spot over at the losers table : /,
