without mods i usually play on king ( 80 % ) it 's a really good challenge and forces you to be strategic . 
  with mods i 'll always play on deity , especially if the mods offer major advantages, 
  to be honest , i 've never actually played it . 
  i started on civ ii for ps1 , loved the heck out of it . 
  played a bit of civ iv and now 500 + hours on civ v . 
  in australia , we also have john smith . 
  enhanced user interface , how do i find it ? 
  i ca n't see it on steam workshop, 
  they have no nukes as of yet as we had a non-nuclear agreement . 
  it is indeed a custom map , that began as 4 civs and 2 city states . 
  i conquered england on my island and china conquered america . 
  it 's called superpower duel, 
   they have no nukes as of yet as we had a non-nuclear agreement . 
  thanks sounds great , will give it a try, 
  what is this map ? 
  , is it a standard one ? 
  i have n't seen it before . 
  i was just about to ask for the map , thankyou . 
  looks awesome !, 
  i love the idea . 
  what would be a advisable civ to play in this type of map ? , obviously ones with favorable early game ua , ub , uu ? 
  my favorites are, 
  - ethnic units http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=91830423, 
  - brazil all unique ( really op , must play on deity ) http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=159057836, 
  - mega worker units ( also op ), 
  well , i did n't notice ... until now . 
  now it 's annoying . 
  may i ask why you have n't upgraded your chu-ko-nus ? 
  am i missing something ? 
  someone make this into a scenario !, 
  i love the idea !, 
  makes me think of a hunger games type scenario with the capital at the center and the surrounding regions supplying it . 
  the uu would make awesome border guards ( having them max distance from capital ), 
  check this link out , it has a detailed description of all the civs , i defiantly found it useful . 
  http://civilization.wikia.com/wiki/civilizations_ ( civ5 ), 
  i believe it 's where you play all the civs in alphabetical order , so next game he 'll pick attila . 
  i was way way behind in science and the romans were about to launch there spaceship but i snatched a diplomatic victory just before by finally acquiring another city state ally that was heavily influenced by rome . 
  ethnic units is my favorite , makes each civ have unique skins for their units . 
  such as english riflemen look like redcoats , us tanks are shermans , russians are t-34 's etc. 
  wow ok ! , however i thought 8 was a good effort considering i was not internationally going for achievements . 
  yeah webzu19 is correct , i began in the modern era , as i said , quick fun game , 
  never on legit that is  , most of my hours are racked up on mods , therefore no achievements , have really only recently started playing without mods and earning achievements . 
  because america in this game sucks so bad it hurts . 
  ah i did not realize this was a scenario one . 
  i read this was an achievement somewhere , and when i completed the game in 67 turns i just assumed i had achieved it to be honest . 
  i 've never played civ iii !, 
  , i skipped it :( is it worth playing now ? 
  when does this date from , wwi ? 
  russo-japanese war ? 
  etc, 
  haha well turns out i already had it , must have bought a pack , 
  i wish this would work with tsl !, 
  is this something to do with the military ? 
  i 've never even considered the piety tree , which would explain why i 've never known about this . 
  i get the same problem.i have two amd 5860 's crossfired , and i 've never had any graphic issue with any game until playing tsl huge map , giant does n't even load :( time fir an upgrade i think, 
  i sense rome shall be a fallin ' once more . 
  someone should make a mod for this . 
  can you give a save for this ? , it looks awesome !, 
  how would this be achievable ? 
  ( noob question ) sounds fun . 
  i 'm assuming having an archer and keeping it alive earning various upgrades until it becomes bazooka ? 
  being australian , i 'm quite happy with this arrangement , bring on mediterranean weather . 
  even if it is inaccurate , would make a pretty cool scenario i reckon . 
  it 's tsl earth on a giant map , my pc is n't loving it , makes it go weird . 
  may also be due to conflicting mods as it has a modded interface . 
  i changed all the names myself , tried to make it as rl as possible , considering i 'm not american i think i did alright , 
  it was the closest major city to that location that i knew of , from my own knowledge ( not american ), 
  yet not another earth maps pack . 
  ethnic units . 
  info addict . 
  mega worker units . 
  american domination ( bnw ) . 
  promotions - expansion pack . 
  3 units per tile . 
  yet not another earth maps pack . 
  ethnic units . 
  info addict . 
  mega worker units . 
  american domination ( bnw ) . 
  promotions - expansion pack . 
  3 units per tile . 
  na who needs happiness when you 're murica, 
  your guess is as good as mine . 
  the graphics started playing up after about 50 turns , i persisted . 
  i want to play as australia ( pictured ) on tsl yet not another earth pack . 
  but as australia is n't an actual in game civ i 'm not sure how this would work , if anyone can help would be much appreciated !, 
  it 's worth a try !, 
  it was due to having conflicting graphic mods i believe , the + + flags mod and info addict is what caused it , once that was removed , she ran beautifully . 
  i removed the + + flags mod and info addict and it runs well now :d, 
  turns out it was due to the + + flags mod and info addict , removed those and it was perfect ,, 
  to clarify , attila earlier in the game had taken much of russia/eastern europe . 
  that is until my fleet of colonists showed up and with help from my entourage of european and persian allies , ruined attila 's day . 
  i allow them to live in there snowy bastion . 
  thank you , i thought it was appropriate . 
  japan was n't a civ in this game , so they just settled there rather than took over . 
  try $ 45 in australia , stupid alcohol tax . 
  american domination mod : http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=159947891, 
  could n't agree more . 
  also more of a balance with civs , some civs can become completely op compared to others . 
  tony abbott is the devil , i 'm glad others can see this .
