  and some random civie, 
  i wonder why they , the dutch and danes chose f-16 's over the eurofighter . 
  edit : turns out f-16s were in service before euro fighters were even introduced . 
  these guys actually look half competent, 
  is this a bad time to mention universal healthcare ? 
  we did n't , during wwii we had p-40 's , locally made boomerangs and p-51 mustangs . 
  spitfires were flown by aussie pilots during the battle of britain but none were in service with the raaf . 
  the front two rows are i believe , us and japanese soldiers participated in the exercise to so it 's likely !, 
  awesome !, 
  til, 
  i just ca n't believe you guys have to make life decisions at 18 but ca n't buy alcohol . 
  at least us aussies are legally allowed to get royally shit faced to deal with the `` fuck what am i doing with the rest of my life '' stage . 
  according to wiki :, 
  weight 22.5 t ( 24.8 short tons ; 22.1 long tons ) [ 2 ], 
  length th : 6.215 m ( 20 ft 4.7 in ) [ 1 ], 
  eh : 6.22 m ( 20 ft 5 in ) [ 1 ], 
  height 2.585 m ( 8 ft 5.8 in ) [ 1 ], 
  crew 4 [ 1 ] [ 2 ], 
  armor 9 -- 55 mm ( 0.35 -- 2.17 in ) [ 1 ], 
  main, 
  armament, 
  secondary, 
  armament, 
  4 x 8 mm m/39 machine guns [ 1 ], 
  engine tm , th & tv : 2 x scania-vabis 603/1 [ 1 ], 
  tm , th & tv : 325 hp [ 1 ], 
  power/weight tm & th : 14,5 hp/ton, 
  transmission tm : zf 6-speed electromagnetic [ 1 ], 
  th : 2x atlas-diesel df-1 ,0, 
  suspension torsion-bar suspension, 
  speed 42 km/h ( 26 mph ) [ 1 ] [ 2 ], 
  haha fantastic description, 
  pokemon . 
  sounds like something the swedes would do . 
  however do you have a source for this ? 
  i know they sold iron ore and other resources to nazi germany but not military hardware, 
  am aussie , and as much as i love tanks and think it 's great that we have some . 
  realistically we just do n't need them , they will never be deployed overseas and in the almost impossible event that australia gets invaded 59 abram 's ai n't gon na do shit against 1000 type 99 's ( hypothetically ) backed with multiple 1000s of apcs and and ifv 's etc . 
  i think we need to invest more in the navy and airforce , an enemy force should never be allowed to reach the shore . 
  what idiot let 's an `` inexperienced driver '' drive the country 's brand spanking new tank during the 70th anniversary of the countries biggest military victory which is also the biggest military parade in the world . 
  as a small child this was the scariest thing ever, 
  quick combat/movement is key with aircraft , after 1000 hours of civ i 'm over the battle animations anyway . 
  ethnic units - i can not understand how this is n't in the game as standard . 
  my pet hate is fighting with troops that look exactly the same , modern day not so and but wwi/wwii etc is just frustrating . 
  smoking . 
  i know it 's bad , and i 've reduced myself to only socially smoking . 
  but it 's like a little reward when i do have one . 
  the graphics ... it hurts my eyes . 
  i feel for you :(, 
  you missed tasmania and hawaii . 
  nice one !, 
  fair point :p, 
  they might not have fighter plans , but damn they have nice helos !, 
  literally blitzkrieg, 
  wow this angle really shows the sheer size of these things , and to think these are considered small compared to the us carriers . 
  yep that 'd be it . . wait queen elizabeth was n't launched until july 17 , 2014 . . 
  get 4 + battleships and you 're practically invincible . 
  start bias : hills . 
  ua : the apple isle - each farm produces 1 additional food . 
  uu : convict - replaces worker.costs no maintenance , may upgrade to settler after 25 turns . 
  ub : historic site - increases tourism output of city by 50 % . 
  cities : hobart , launceston , devonport . 
  burnie etc. 
  colours : green and gold ( cause ` straya ), 
  yeah good point actually . 
  okay i 'll change it , keep the no maintenance . 
  and make it they can upgrade to settlers after x amount of turns . 
  ( convicts who served their sentence would become settlers in rl ), 
  i 'm similar , except i never lose on king but have never won on emperor ( except for as elizabeth on archipelago which does n't count ) i 'm it sure what i 'm doing wrong , i always seem to be one step behind, 
  amen . 
  depends on the objective . 
  i tend to use them as fire support as much as i do for naval battle . . subs ca n't do both so i tend to bulk produce battleships with a small number of subs/destroyers for scouting/support . 
  ua is a bit op but suits the civ well . 
  i think the uu is fine . 
  alternate ub - incat factory +1 production for each coastal tile . 
  25 % less production required to produce ships . 
  those were the days !, 
  civ ii springs to mind . 
  what 's a rooster teeth ? 
  brilliant !, 
  i guess the idea is that we as a region produce a shit load of food like more than we consume so i was after something that reflects that . 
  now if only i knew how to make a mod !, 
  you do know sam is surface to air missile ? 
  and that the game already has it in its correct function . 
  maybe something like self propelled howitzer ? 
  haha that 's brilliant !, 
  it 's technically an attack helicopter, 
  it 's fair to say the idea of the ak-47 came from the stg-44 , the idea of mid caliber round that can be fired automatically with reasonable accuracy . 
  although there are differences the ak-47 is effectively based off it . 
  til !, 
  even still you could argue that the stg-44 was based off this and the ak of the stg based on time frame of manufacture . 
  this is actually a really solid well rounded civ !, 
  should be made , 
  edit : someone already made one : http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=452653975, 
  bit off topic but . . 
  winged hussars !, 
  that sucks dude , it 's a great game !, 
  should try it sometime . 
  second this . 
  am australian,
