  well shit . 
  suggest a suitable replacement ? 
  just booted up a game of ynaemp with 30 civs , events and decisions , ethnic units , faster plot expansion , rivers and coast yield gold again , 3rd and 4th uniques and a few other mods . 
  when i go to production screen it freezes as pictured . 
  yeah i thought it might have been events and decisions , so i disabled that and still no go :(, 
  i have both of those active so could be the cause, 
  just checked - none of the mods they suggest would cause problems i have active . 
  i 'm angry at myself . . 
  i know it 's just probably because of how the photo is taken but i do n't see a huge size difference between the two ? 
  i thought us carriers were much larger than other nations . 
  i found it hard to believe a country like azerbaijan will have the tallest building in the world , to my surprise it is indeed true . 
  not yet - we may only have around 50,000 soldiers but it still takes awhile to produce and distribute . 
  priority was given to troops on deployment . 
  i 've never seen any of our soldiers at home wearing that camo . 
  that would be deployment only . 
  definitely not standard . 
  my geforce gtx 970 would like to have a word with you . 
  i found this civ really fun and different :, 
  ua : ( maritime tradition ), 
  all naval units cost 50 % less maintenance . 
  all units require 25 % less experience for promotions . 
  uu : royal regiment, 
  replaces musketman . 
  +20 % combat strength in foreign territory . 
  ignores terrain penalties . 
  ub : maritime lighthouse, 
  every sea tile worked by the city the maritime lighthouse is in produces two extra food instead of one . 
  costs no gold maintenance . 
  turns out it was one of the modded civs i was using stuffing it up, 
  came here to say this , already said . 
  have an up vote, 
  the united states is supporting the syrian rebels ( black ) russia is supporting assads regime ( white ) as they are engaged in conflict this poster is depicting that it is now a proxy war . 
  two superpower leaders controlling puppets ( chess pieces ) sounds pretty proxy war to me . 
  if it was war war the chess pieces would be russian and american not syrian . 
  hmas [ canberra ] ( http://www.navy.gov.au/sites/default/files/ships/2014114ran8109938_773.jpg ), 
  ah damn did n't see that . 
  we are a completely independent nation . 
  defiently not a client state . 
  we share the same monarch as the united kingdom but that 's about it . 
  now you know what 's it 's like being an non american on reddit . 
  i would suggest having a uu such as a eleven archer . 
  maybe a tad stronger and with a bonus in forest ? 
  i like the kingsroad ui , it 's an out of the box idea - 10/10 would play . 
  ua : apple isle - farms on hills produce +1 food +1 gold from plantations . 
  ub : incat factory - ( replaces factory ) +15 % city production , 50 % production towards naval units . 
  requires aluminum instead of coal to be built . 
  uu : convict worker - replaces worker . 
  +25 % construction speed , costs no maintenance . 
  may be upgraded to a settler after 25 turns . 
  may be a litte op - let me know what you think, 
  agreed , maybe just 1 extra settler and double usual happiness . 
  this will be awesome for turtling . 
  few cities with heaps of food production , aim towards science victory . 
  mate this is from the australian defence force facebook page . 
  you are very much incorrect . 
  i doubt the military would post it if it was disrespectful . 
  just a bit of aussie humour . 
  i 'm gon na go with the fact that you abruptly assumed it was photoshopped and implied i was being disrespectful to the troops for posting it which is incorrect . 
  we do n't drink fosters . 
  that shit tastes worst than american beer . 
  from personal experience ( i 'm in the australian army reserves , i 've never served over seas ) growing up with the influence of video games defiently made me want to join the military as a teenager . 
  you soon learn that being in the army is nothing like video games portray . 
  yeah plus most of australia 's front line troops are stationed in the north where it 's at least 30 degrees celsius year round . 
  i 've never served overseas but even in basic we take the piss out of everything . 
  it 's the only way to stay sane . 
  one of my favourite movies !, 
  say what you will about this plane . 
  it looks bloody cool . 
  in what way do you think the australian army is lacking ? 
  someone make this a mod !, 
  international deployment group, 
  the australian federal police ( afp ) international deployment group ( idg ) was formally established in february 2004 and provides the australian government with a standing capacity to deploy australian police domestically and internationally to contribute to stability and security operations , united nations ( un ) missions and capacity development missions . 
  the international deployment group has three core components :, 
  australian based members - providing executive , planning , administrative , intelligence , training and technical support for deployed personnel and strategic advice to the afp executive, 
  mission component members - providing a blend of sworn and unsworn personnel deployed to , or ready to deploy to , overseas missions and other operations as required, 
  specialist response group - providing ready response , highly-skilled tactical and specialist policing capability for rapid deployment to domestic and international operational situations . 
  the idg contributes to the development , maintenance or restoration of the rule of law in countries that seek australia 's support . 
  my number 1 pick would be ethnic units . 
  nothing annoys me more than fighting american infantry with american infantry . 
  that would be my no. 2 pick !, 
  it would make sense for it to be as standard , i ca n't imagine it 's to difficult to do either , especially for firaxis . 
  i use red and ethnic units together , i find it covers nearly all civs including a lot of modded ones . 
  i just turn battle animations off late game . 
  that i can understand !, 
  if you had ussr russia would have to be replaced and i ca n't see germany being replaced by nazi germany . 
  sadly australia and canada are not historically relevant enough to warrant as a in game civ , the others even less so . 
  civ vi maybe . 
  but in civ v their 's only one leader per civ . 
  because straya, 
  considering we spend $ 40 billion on defence a year it seems reasonable, 
  20 % exactly . 
  incase anyone is curious about the extra diplomacy features : https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=141452526, 
  i honestly do n't think it 'd be that easy , finland has a decent air force and a considerable armored force plus 10 days should be enough to call up their 900,00 reserves also . 
  know doubt russia would be victorious but i think the finns would be able to but up a stiff resistance , until norway , sweden and yeah denmark and iceland can sent help . 
  yeah i 'm aware of the outcome of the winter war . 
  i was more making the point that finland would put up a decent fight , i understand they still lose . 
  oh wow interesting , i did n't realize this !, 
  the devastation of the surrounds is crazy !, 
  that would 've most likely been a dense forest before the war . 
  we drive on the right hand side .
