  i found war horse to be excellent ! . 
  as an australian i found gallipoli to be a really good movie also , but i think anyone could appreciate it . 
  their 's a tv series called anzacs based on a group of aussie troops throughout ww1 , it 's made in the 80 's so not great picture quality but has an excellent story line and really shows ww1 as it was . 
  keenly following this , keep em coming, 
  war/history documentaries , i 'm really interested but my friendship group would frown upon it and classify it as nerdy etc. 
  i 'm hoping they 'll have unique skins for each civ ie ; sherman tank for america , t-34 for russia etc. 
  i doubt it somehow though, 
  yeah that 'd be fine . 
  i just hate in civ v when you 're say playing as china and you 're using british gwi , american infantry , russian tanks , german anti - tank etc etc. 
  at least make it generic , i 'd be happy playing as china with say japanese gear . 
  that would n't be the best outcome but better than nothing !, 
  high school me would 've loved this . 
  i actually do n't mind them . 
  admittedly the old ones are much better but i 'm used to the new now . 
  car parts . 
  both options are bad but i think hilary , seems the lesser of two evils . 
  that 's so cool !, 
  can you drawn my car ? 
  yeah , my bad . 
  i assumed due to marines being stationed in australia . 
  the army must have attended this exercise also . 
  ahhh i see !, 
  forgive my stoopid . 
  on another note , it 's cool how the us soldiers camo matches the shrubs and the australian soldiers matches the ground . 
  the ones who do n't want to get their heads blown off my shrapnel ? 
  i did n't say they were the same colour . 
  i just said they match , from a. 
  distance they look very similar . . 
  it 's funny even though these tanks are 60 + years old they are still a match for the north korean tanks . 
  to be fair they have upgrades for modern warfare but still, 
  without knowing the context of the photo it looks like us marines about to storm a pacific island . 
  i 'm assuming the dutch received us gear post ww2 . 
  this sums it up pretty well , pretty amazing what they achieved considering their limitations , effectively stooped rommel from entering egypt . 
  no worries !, 
  i especially like this bit `` at this time , rommel 's afrika korps had never been defeated '' it 's odd , but australia technically won the first allied victory of the war . 
  they 're actually quite common in australia, 
  source ? 
  good find , cheers !, 
  pity it will cost like $ 100 with delivery :( thanks , she 's a work in progress . 
  yeah absolutely should have , turbo power without the turbo !, 
  it 's funny that australia biggest potential enemy is also one one of the biggest recipient of aide and military training . 
  a war is extremely unlikely to happen but still seems odd . 
  makes sense when you put it that way !, 
  sure does ma man !, 
  3 litre 6 cylinder , 6 speed goodness !, 
  noones saying it 's a sport car . 
  but add some coilovers and a sway bar and it 's a fantastic grocery getter/weekender, 
  excellent idea !, 
  makes a fantastic daily but is impressive when it counts , 
  gt and and 3.0 r are very similar stock . 
  if you want to make good power , go gt if you want a decent power daily go 3.0 r, 
  are you taking about my h6 or the gt in the foreground ? 
  my lights are completely stock haha . 
  yeah i could n't deal with the stock chrome grille . 
  bit of plasti dip makes good difference , 
  edit : looks like theirs some americans as well . 
  i assume he 's tasked with escorting/protecting the officers , he looks a lot more serious than the others . 
  me to !, 
  blew a bottom end unfortunately , so i got a sensible na instead . 
  absolutely , i love it !, 
  i see what you did there, 
  sure is !, 
  heeey friend !, 
  i do !, 
  i have made small gains with a full exhaust , e85 and a tune . 
  nup , maybe from my last reddit post here?https : / / www.reddit.com/r/subarulegacy/comments/5g7lh2/the_3_legacys_ive_owned_over_the_last_5_years/, 
  being australian , hp totally confuses me . 
  people rave about 1000hp being really fast and i was like really ? ... 
  is that good ? 
  turns out yes ... yes it is . 
  at $ 2000 i 'd be checking everything . 
  really depends what engine it is ? 
  this looks more like lebanese army ? 
  they seem quite well uniformed for hezbollah . 
  this is realistic timeline so in 6 days time japan is going to attack pearl harbor, 
  its wwii r.e.d enhanced total conversion mod . 
  easy to find on the steam workshop , 
  correct , it is optional though . 
  y not, 
  no carriers in this mod sadly , modders could n't get it to work, 
  yep sure is , updated version . 
  on the steam workshop now . 
  turns fall on 1/10/20 days so next turn will be dec 10 and i will be attacked . 
  yep , we even do it when we capture enemy equipment http://i.imgur.com/fedii57.jpg, 
  the italians were actually decent soldiers but had below par equipment and terrible leadership , their are isolated instances of italians performing very well on a tactical level . 
  oh , did n't even notice that haha . 
  i wish we still had the leopards , i know they 're outdated now but they 're much prettier than the abrams . 
  not that i can find :(, 
  surely this is either ceremonial or a reserve unit ? 
  no modern army would use a bolt action rifle as their service weapon . 
  damn that looks cool , kinda space age . 
  right click on civ 6 then hit downloadable content - it should be there , you might have to re tick the install box . 
  this might sound bias being australian but i actually found australia the easiest and most enjoyable to play so far . 
  i 'm still transitioning from 2000 hours of civ v and it really help with getting used to the new functions . 
  i personally thing the ran uniform is good , but still has no real practice purpose . 
  the canberra class are based of the same design as this . 
  http://www.navy.gov.au/hmas-canberra-iii . 
  also the destroyers design in picture are about to be commissioned into the ran fleet https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hobart-class_destroyer . 
  we chose this design over the us burkleigh class . 
  david walsh and mona has helped alot , dark mofo is brilliant for winter .
