  this has potential at r/photoshopbattles, 
  nice , thanks for the info . 
  they are replacing all adf black hawks , including the navy . 
  i 'm assuming it serves the same roll as the blackhawk , just newer and better . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  and it 's stupid because it 's so unrealistic . 
  sorry infantry , you ca n't enter that tile cause some other infantry are there -_-, 
  the 3 units per tile mod is brilliant in solving this . 
  you just wait . 
  i 'll upload my end of game screenshot . 
  it was definitely a good start . 
  the fear of every nato soldier post wwii, 
  as an aussie - you da best . 
  no explanation needed :, 
  try living in hobart i ca n't remember the last time i saw the sun : , (, 
  awwwww m8 you poor uneducated peasant . 
  it amazes me that their has n't been an attempt to replicate this caliber of need for speed games eg ; underground 2 , carbon , most wanted . 
  every nfs since has had a completely different feel - i dunno i do n't like it . 
  if you want a fun warmonger game you ca n't go wrong with, 
  op please tell me their 's sauce, 
  how does one achieve this ? 
  wow that would take some doing . 
  time to play on settler , 
  am australian . 
  can confirm . 
  it 's sad that a modern independent , democratic country like ours follows the us so blindly . 
  we have no place in the middle east , we should be more concerned with our own backyard . 
  sorry did n't even think of that . 
  will get on it asap, 
  rule 5 : aztecs have a tech sore of 28 % i have 90 % . 
  it 's on king . 
  the other civs were all pretty on par with me i was 2nd in everything but science . 
  just the aztecs fell far far behind for some reason . 
  i have no idea . 
  when i copy pasted it into paint it was just like that and i could n't be bothered re taking it . 
  they expanded like crazy and have 20 + cities minus a few i nabbed . 
  rule 5 : i made peace with sweden-norway after 100 turns of war , i decided to give back malmo in exchange for much needed gold ( the entire world is at war with me so no trade routes ) sadly the elite of my navy ( 100 + exp ) is now trapped in swedish waters with no hope of open borders for the foreseeable future . 
  ehhhh close enough, 
  my point is that are not allowing open borders , they have denounced and all round dislike me . 
  might be waiting awhile, 
  already at war with the russians who are off screen however . 
  podebrady is controlled by bavaria . 
  haha i 'm not even mad, 
  ozzy ozzy ozzy, 
  to be fair i was just having a rough guess . 
  and i did n't bother renaming birmingham, 
  this is what happens when you play to much civ , you do n't get any sleep and you become retarded . 
  you 're welcome good sir, 
  it 's ynaemp large europe map . 
  all jfd civs exempt spain morocco and the huns ( 3rd and 4th uniques mod active ), 
  mods active are : ethnic units , 3 units per tile , faster border expansion , rivers and ocean yield gold . 
  100 turns of war , i know exactly what you mean . 
  i just wanted to kill natives and build and empire :(, 
  ynaemp tsl large europe, 
  to be fair that 's how most non australians say and most likely spell it . 
  he would n't take anything :( the whole world literally hates me . 
  and this kids is why you do n't utterly destroy napoleon by turn 50 . 
  i 'm waiting for it . . 
  i know it 's hard to see but they are [ aslavs ] ( http://www.military-today.com/apc/aslav_25.jpg ) under there, 
  i just came out of a 100 turn war with most of the world . 
  i really want to avoid it . 
  i just wan na build an empire and kill natives :(, 
  could n't have said it better myself, 
  guns are illegal period in my state . 
  good old australian safety . 
  haha yeah i exaggerate , you can buy bolt action rifles and the semi auto pistols . 
  but you must have a clean criminal record and a valid reason for needing the firearm also a shit load of money and the patience to go through a mountain of paperwork . 
  this is in tasmania however which is the strictest because of [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/port_arthur_massacre_ ( australia ) . 
  why should it be ? 
  those countries were apart of the ussr at the time that 's like saying why is n't their causalities for scotland or wales . 
  thanks mate  spent enough money on it haha, 
  thanks dude !, 
  only 180,000 km on the clock , and she 's been looked after so i 'm lucky , 
  fair call mate !, 
  each to their own . 
  yeah she 's rare in my part of the world so got ta look after her , 
  haha god damn auto correct, 
  it blew a head gasket :( enough said, 
  one day i 'll get an 4th gen sti wagon but until then this will do, 
  mine is 2.0 l, 
  yeah agreed , these guys look pretty bad ass . 
  their 's a surprisingly good tv show called sea patrol featuring the armidale class . 
  i am australian . 
  these things do n't happen haha . 
  kublai kahn for china would make sense . 
  pretty influential mongol leader of china for much of the 13th century if memory serves, 
  yeah you 're right actually , that would make more sense . 
  he was technically ruler of china though . 
  ah no problem !, 
  well in that case i 'm gon na go with the very very very unlikely case they include australia as a civ in civ vi, 
  robert menzies :, 
  he put into action the enormous immigration of millions of refugees from war torn europe after wwii.introduced huge industrial efforts and international commerce and trade that turned australian from a second rate british colony to a prosperous and wealthy modern country . 
  he served over 18 collective years , first from 1939 to 1941 and from 1949 to 1966 , and is australia 's longest-serving prime minister . 
  this is what happens when you stay neutral for so long ... things get boring . 
  time to taste some freedom aussie style, 
  i 'm about to start ynaemp on a large earth map . 
  i whipped up a quick map of civs i 'm using - all with tsl obviously . 
  i 'm enabling : ethnic units , events and decisions , 2 units per tile and a few others . 
  anyt thoughts or suggestions ? 
  also i have n't decided what civ i want to play as yet so open to suggestions ,
