  ` fair ' in europe means ` any system that will have someone else take more than me ' . 
   i have no idea what you are talking about here . 
  really ? 
  the 160.000 quota ? 
  you have never heard about it ? 
  i could , but i do n't intend to read it front to back in a matter of days . 
  and then you get shit like the turkish embassy asking its citizens in the netherlands to report g\u00fcllen supporters to the embassy , the embassy reporting lists turks should not buy goods at gullenist companies and not attend their schools , list where they register how turkish members of parliament vote ( to call them traitors , and ' \u00edmpure bloods ' , i 'm not joking ) destribute postal-mail with electoral advise from the embassy etc. 
  we now even have an akp sub-party running for election in the netherlands . 
  ( and expected to gain 4 seats in march ) they have some interesting ideas ( like the desolution of the armed forces ) and banning the use of ` armenian genocide ' ( they want everybody to call it the ` armenian question ) they also want to remove the word ` immigr . ', 
  from the dictionary . 
  it 's becoming a comedy show really . 
  as / u/zukantah mentions it is a dekzandrug , more specifically used to describe geological sand deposits in areas with otherwise a swampy/fluid soil . 
  likely the area 's were n't fit for construction except the part with the sand deposits , which would then be called ' - tange ' . 
   mark blyth 's `` austerity - the history of a dangerous idea '' funny , i just ordered that book this afternoon . 
   ' ... debt of such size as to stagger the mind . ', 
  greece confirmed being hitler . 
  because turkey no longer had access to northern syria as russia issued a decree its airforce would shoot down all turkish jets that would violate syrian airspace . 
   of course their are not dependent on the direct money from eu , but their economy is for export/import . 
  it is n't that much , and germans would never hurt their economy so much to have any impact either , even if we had that power which we do n't . 
   sanction them economicall did n't help with crimea , wo n't help with cyprus or greece . 
   they will come back , yes , to laugh in your face . 
   begging for our money . 
  not a chance , these people do n't fetishize money like germany does . 
   turkey is really dependent on eu money , they 're not , they 're getting bribes from europe for some favors , which are pretty small , they are n't in any way dependent on it . 
   or you will suffer the consequences . 
  which ones exactly ? 
  europe is inane and weak and facing an isolationist president across the pond which has traditionally filled us up where we fell short . 
  gravity bombs in a us airforce hangar . 
  let 's not descent into hysteria . 
   does turkey get military support from europe or us ? 
  yes , there are dutch and german patriot missile systems in turkey on a defense mission against potential projectiles from syria . 
  not since 71 years , hanz . 
   there was no such proposal , there was no counterproposal including your points either . 
  there was just vehement refusal to take in any refugees at all by many countries of europe . 
  actually there was , it was just never actually executed . 
  4200 places were created , but only 272 were placed under the quota system . 
   a fair quota obviously regards all points you mentioned . 
  it did n't and it wo n't . 
   the only hope is uniting as one country so we become a playground for germany . 
  no thanks . 
   and are among the top five in france , austria , the netherlands , sweden and denmark . 
  turks are the largest minority in the netherlands . 
  there are about 500.000 turks in the netherlands , 312.000 of which have a double passport ( turkey-netherlands ) i would absolutely not want turkey to join the eu , they 're already sowing discord in our society and creating division between us and the turks with unacceptible interference of their embassy and government . 
   the roman empire was only dominant in half of europe , a bit more than that , they owned half of europe , but were dominant in a larger part . 
   and parts of the middle east . 
  is also quite an understatement . 
   because the way it is handled right now is highly unjust towards some countries , the quota proposal was also highly unjust by not accounting for the amount of claims already processed by individual countries , and not accounting for relevant statistics , instead of seeing how high income was , they should 've made a denominator based on the amount of jobs and houses which are available . 
  are we to assume that by having your polish flair turned 180 degrees we must also turn your statements 180 degrees around ? 
  the title mentions european ` lawmakers ' but the article continues with members of the european parliament ? 
  which is it ? 
  the latter are n't lawmakers , the european parliament ca n't make laws , only vote on them and give advise to the lawmakers . 
  ( council and commission ), 
  the banter would be killing my thighs if he was given that and the role of diplomat to the eu . 
  it was 193 compatriots that died , point stands though ( total amount of deaths was 298 ), 
  [ nltimes.nl ] ( http://nltimes.nl/ ) [dutchdailynews.com ] ( http://www.dutchdailynews.com/ ) best quality news from the netherlands is in dutch , but these 2 and the one you already have ( dutchnews ) are pretty much the only news sites in english . 
  better to have locals translate local sources and use native articles , that 's just the highest quality . 
  they are , as seen by the ukrainian treaty , there 's no longer a majority to ratify the treaty . 
  it is also what is to be expected of representatives . 
  i may hope so , then i 'll hand over a signature for a referendum on it . 
  rotterdam airport was set of by military police last week , schiphol has seen emergency deployment of military police , france just arrested 7 people and the us issues a terror warning . 
  but as expected the package at eindhoven was false alarm . 
  we 're a free market , companies can come and go , start and stop , bring jobs and take them , create them and remove them . 
  exactly , but that means it does in fact have impact . 
   and the pound has had quite the fall in value that would n't matter for a model produced/licenced in the uk in 2015 . 
  it would explain why the 2016 model has a higher retail price ( maybe the model is also changed though ) , and honda is making good use of that by pretending to sell the old one for the new price at 0 % interest while taking the difference in price as compensation for finance . 
  i meant the same . 
   an incredible # 2,499 on the road , [ 1 ] ( http://www.mirror.co.uk/lifestyle/motoring/review-honda-cb125f-bargain-buy-5682134 ) you 're falling for the trap of buying old stock for the new retail price and believing there 's 0 % interest , while paying 200 quid more for old stock . 
  but that was the dealership price back then , current retail prices for 2015 cb125f are 2399 another 100 pounds lower . 
  retail price of the 2015 cbf125 was 2499 pounds * on the road * , so that 's 200 pound in interest excluding dealership costs . 
  mind providing an example ? 
   idk , there are a lot of loans that are 0 % apr for cars and bikes  no there are n't . 
  they 'll tell you it 's 0 % but take 10 % via other means . 
  do n't fall for it , calculate what you pay instead and compare it . 
  then that 's a situation you do n't want . 
   the best way to do that is by staying in the eu i hope you 're trying to be funny , the eu is the one that made this possible . 
  that 's like saying you think burn wounds will be cured by sticking them into the same fire that caused them . 
   we might have access to the market , but it will in no way shape or form be free of course it would . 
   making goods coming through nl more expensive because poles no longer drive our trucks for half the minimum wage ? 
  if you want to stay competitive by working below the legal wage if you think you 're good for nothing else why not lower the legal wage . 
   if you consider all the oil refinery and other goods we export it will not be good for our economy , oil has no future , so we can be a step ahead and start changing now instead of in 10 years . 
  we will start free trade with the world , europe is a dying continent demographically and economically , but also politically and socially . 
  the longer we grasp on to the dead horse the harder the transition to the other peoples of the world with potential will be . 
  by doing so we can become a transit hub for the world instead of being a doormat for germany to brush their shoes on . 
  we can become a diplomat for global innovation and interaction , instead of the diplomat for the destruction of southern economies . 
  eindhoven airport was just evacuated due to a suspicious package . 
  usually false alarm , but with all the other things going on interesting . 
  every economy needs to stay competitive , in or out the eu , in africa , asia or the america 's . 
  outside the eu we will have more freedom to do so . 
   but , what has the eu told britain after the brexit vote ? 
  they can not stay in the single market without freedom of movement access to a market is not the same as being a part of the single market . 
   an economy 1/5th of england . 
  i see math is n't one of your qualities either , it 's over 1/4th ( 753/2848 ), 
  ah yes the famed german sense of humor ( or lack there of ) , / u/executivemonkey is a metastasizing humanoid form of banter . 
  do n't take everything so serious . 
  why not ambassador to the eu for the us ? 
   the thing is nl itself has no negotiating power . 
  if we leave the eu we lose access to a market on which 80 % of our economy is based . 
  what a load of bullshit . 
  we 're a bigger economy than turkey , larger investor than spain , home and founding member of all sorts of international entities . 
  of course we have negotiating power , and of course we do n't lose access to a market , we are n't living in the 18th century anymore .
