   again i do n't disagree with your description i am just saying the eu is a small factor in all of this . 
  moreover show me the mechanics of how a slightly flawed financial system , the euro , can have such dramatic effects , its simply infeasible . 
  and again there is no better time to live than now . 
  what would your solution be , coz ill tell you if the netherlands decides to decouple itself from a trade/supply chain network it has built up in 40 years by stepping out of the eu-all people will be drastically worse off !, 
  it does n't matter if it has a small bad influence or a big one , either way we should do away with it . 
  trade can be done in other ways , there 's no law of nature saying we need an eu and eurozone to trade with each other . 
  i have n't heard any german advocating that the eurozone need to be shrinked to achieve that . 
  you associate ` stronger euro ' with no qe , which is irrelevant . 
   that is what i dont understand in the current news . 
  russia is treated the same as it was 30 years ago . 
  russia has a gdp lower than italy , they need fear , that 's why they add russia . 
  when they say * ` you must yield your sovereignty and independence to our little euroempire because otherwise you 're dependent on the us ' * people think * ` have n't we been dependent on the us for 70 years ? 
  it 's been great ever since ' . 
  * you would n't fear that would you . 
  careful on that edge kid . 
   the compensation is not nearly enough , a pension fund that started out supporting 1 retiree for 8 working people has to support 1 retiree for 3 working people and 1 to 2 in the near future  it is actually , because pensions in the netherlands are physically saved . 
  they 're not paid by anyone except the one recieving it . 
  there 's ** 1000 billion euro ** , 1 trillion euro , currently in dutch pension funds , monthly pensions are altered ( i.e. 
  lowered , stagnated or increased ) based on calculation rates at which the pension fund is able to sustain itself . 
  nobody is paying anything for them . 
  if you do not understand how basic things work in the netherlands , it ca n't really be expected of you to say anything valuable about it . 
  in fact contribution to pension funds has been reduced from 19 to 16 % last year , meaning workers actually pay less for their pension fund now . 
  ( even though they only pay for themselves )  `` even in crisis years the rich saw their fortunes increase at 10 % a year , while the poor saw their rent increase with 10 % a year and would be happy to see an inflation correction of 0,2 % on their salary . '', 
  yes exactly , automation makes so that those that own the process can lay of more workers , whilst increasing productivity , allowing them a larger part of the share because they do n't have to share it with workers it has literally nothing to do with automation , in fact the sectors that thrive on automation face the same dynamics . 
  that the documents came from wikileaks which obviously does n't disclose it 's sources . 
  the documents were n't hacked , they were leaked by people that did n't agree with how things were handled in the democratic party regarding sanders et all . 
  that the documents are supposedly hacked by russia and that wikileaks is secretly a russian intelligence operation is the product of conspiracy nutters . 
  that 's simply not true , healthcare costs per capita has been reduced , pensions are frozen , indexed and the pension age has been increased to compensate for a larger amount of elderly . 
  the core of all problems is the euro and eu , this has impoverished the poor and middle class , and made the upper class extremely rich . 
  even in crisis years the rich saw their fortunes increase at 10 % a year , while the poor saw their rent increase with 10 % a year and would be happy to see an inflation correction of 0,2 % on their salary . 
  the elderly are not to blame for that as easy a scapegoat they might make , they 're going to be a problem later on and when they do there 's no shoulder left to carry them . 
  obama carved his own line , so will trump . 
  the democratic party was n't hacked though , so are they saying they have a mole ? 
  but just because it 's propaganda for someone does n't mean you can do away with it altogether . 
  not necessarily , the lower class has a different meaning . 
  rising prices and stagnating wages caused by the euro made life more difficult for the dutch lower class which traditionally had a pretty good life in the netherlands pre-euro . 
   the post did not end after that sentence it did for me . 
  if you can only think in absolutes there 's no point in conversing with you about anything really . 
   that is kind of the risk you run into when your staff works with facts and alternative facts . 
   i 'll take that as a no . 
  i think you 'll find that picking a random historic name is not much of an argument . 
  all three words have a different meaning . 
  an expat is somebody who temporarily works abroad for his employer , an immigrant is somebody moving to you , a refugee is someone fleeing war ( or seeking welfare as of the 21st century , this one is a bit cloudy ) while a refugee is an immigrant to someone , and an emigrant to another , an immigrant is not necessarily a refugee , and a refugee can never be an expat . 
   are you sure about that ? 
   because i actually asked . 
  no , they apparently do n't , not internally . 
   yes i am sure about that . 
  if you quote the rest of the statement you 'll understand what is said . 
   switzerland is n't a pure direct democracy . 
  it 's a federal government , with a broad party council , strong cantonal responsibilities , a managed referendum protocol , and citizenship linked to martial responsabilities , as well as community approval . 
  it 's in other words , a clever little system . 
  switzerland is a nation , the eu is not . 
  states can have devolved powers , because internal polities recognize overarching ones as their own and vice versa . 
  it would n't work if they do n't , which is why the idea of a european superstate would n't work . 
  i thought our victory over the water was consolidated at the completion of the stormvloedkering . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://c1.staticflickr.com/9/8444/7893773776_56d511e393.jpg ), 
  it would n't , since swiss consider themselves swiss . 
  not italian , not french , not eu'ian , but swiss . 
  hence they are a people . 
  a factor which does not exclude diversity within the entity . 
   government and the citizenry are intrinsically linked in a polity . 
  as long as right and responsibility , and representation and power , are properly balanced then society functions . 
  this is not due to identity but organization . 
  direct democracy would never yield people representation and power , nor balanced functions . 
  because polities are n't of equal size , and there 's no single polity as far as the people are concerned . 
   unlike the netherlands that have always been a mercantilist state to the detriment of others ? 
   we did n't need the euro for that , unlike germany , we achieved that without sucking others dry . 
   and you could argue that a rising trade surplus has been in a trend in germany since 1980 . 
  no , if you look at the graph you 'll see the late '70s were just rough years . 
  in the netherlands this meant a practically balanced economy for a couple of years , for germany it resulted in a couple of years of a trade shortage . 
  no , not like switzerland . 
  more like china and tibet , perhaps even close to catalonia and spain , or a more recent example , the uk and the eu . 
  if you look at the graph you can clearly see the effect . 
  for the netherlands nothing changed , a side effect of being a logistics hub , germany suddenly went from a balanced economy to a mercantilist state to the detriment of others . 
  a direct democracy does n't work when its members are n't a single people . 
  you can not disseminate between any and all ? 
  when speaking the truth gets you branded an enemy of the people ... 
  the netherlands is not benefitting from a weak euro , it has ruined and indebted tons of middle class families with bought houses and doomed the lower class to scrape every crumb to make ends meet . 
  ` in war , truth is the first casualty . ', 
  someone already barged [ a ship into ] ( https://assets.kennislink.nl/system/files/000/243/037/large/dsc_0018.jpg?1484052881 ) the dam , resulting in the lowest waterlevel ever on the maas . 
  [ 2 ] ( https://www.1limburg.nl/sites/default/files/public/styles/article-detail/public/img_0533.jpg?itok=yj0smsxx ) [ 3 ] ( https://nos.nl/data/image/2017/01/03/343921/864x486.jpg ), 
  many people have said it for years , glad someone with influence finally put it in the open . 
  nobody leaves europe , it 's impossible to move a country to a different continent . 
   to be fair , the eu is pretty democratic already . 
  there are elections to the eu parliament after all . 
   there are elections for the president in north korea too . 
  there 's a bit more needed to have a ` democracy ' . 
  likely the opposit . 
  the netherlands , sweden and the uk usually had the same position in the council , with the uk gone the netherlands and sweden will be overruled on matters they find important ( budgetary , bureaucracy , regulation etc. ), 
  this will estrange the dutch and swedish elite . 
  at the end the dutch by and large want the same thing as the british , an area of free and fair trade . 
  no superstate , no empire , no bureaucratic ` powerhouse ' . 
  same could be said for switzerland , yet they 're not a member . 
  sure they have freedom of movement , but they 're not happy with it . 
  they could in the future , not likely now . 
  it 's pretty clear migration is sowing division and animosity in communities , it ca n't really be promised that current policies are there to stay . 
  indeed , but that 's because it was primarily canadians that liberated the netherlands . 
  clearly he/she 's french . 
  ` integrate ' is going to be the word of the year around here . 
  if you do n't watch it you might integrate yourself some day .
