  that just all depends on what kind of people you take in . 
   and migration is kept to sustainable levels , key is in sustainable . 
  the past years have n't been sustainable . 
   i would have expected them to even gain votes . 
  they did . 
  they too lost a lot of votes due to unpopular measures . 
  this poll seems to indicate they won back quite a bit . 
  sorry but i can express myself much better in dutch , could n't convey it properly in the queen 's tongue . 
  denk ( akp/grey wolves ) - 3 is bad . 
  not representing their voters basically . 
   i think wilders ' chances of being part of the government just dropped below zero . 
  that 's only because they were already 0 and could n't get any lower otherwise . 
  yes , but that was known in advance . 
  a bit yes , labour is centre-left ( social democrats ) the greens are a bit more left . 
  but both are left , and the greens have been widening their audience ( knowing of course there was a lot to gain from former labour voters ), 
  seems like he is n't single after all . 
  can we marry them and acquire germany that way ? 
  dogs , horses and watercannons . 
  that 's probably what caused the high-turnout too , many parties ` matter ' , so there 's bound to be one that suits you , i genuinely found this the most interesting election campaign . 
  yes , 73 % 30 minutes later . 
  ( 19:45 ) many polling stations have run out of ballots so special teams have been deployed to distribute additional , and some polling stations are going to remain open for longer ( because the rows are too large to be handled before 21:00 ), 
  also turkey has been attacking the election sites like ` stemwijzer ' and ` kiescompas ' all day . 
  they ca n't do much damage now ( except that people were n't able to use sites aimed at giving you voting advise ) but if we voted electronically they would be trying to mess with it now . 
  so i 'm glad we do it physically , we 'll just have to accept the slight inconvenience . 
  it 's extremely likely vvd wins . 
  if d66 was n't pro-mass migration i would 've voted for them . 
  wilders has n't been doing very well this campaign , where as mark rutte has been doing very well . 
  which is also normal , he 's a statesmen by now , has been the pm during the most difficult years since ww2 . 
  ( eurocrisis , mh17 , migration crisis , turkey-spat ) you can really see he has loads of confidence , lot more than he did 4 years ago . 
  it 's probably going to be around or slightly below 80 % . 
  i do n't know , i think the turnout is very high because many parties stand to get a lot of seats . 
  it has made the whole campaign much more interesting to people , as you have like 5 parties who really matter . 
  around midnight it should be pretty clear . 
  to be honest the article is shit , there 's so much more interesting about his speech . 
  for example donald tusk said it all in dutch ; ` netherlands is europe , europe is netherlands , place of freedom and democracy , especially rotterdam , city of erasmus and destroyed by the nazi 's , today with a mayor born in morocco . 
  it has nothing to do with fascism . 
  we are all in solidarity with the netherlands , we 're europeans and proud of it ' . 
  speech can be [ seen here ] ( http://nos.nl/artikel/2163260-juncker-en-tusk-solidair-met-nederland-in-conflict-met-turkije.html ), 
  interestingly he did his speech in dutch to emphasize solidarity . 
  you can see their public appearances . 
  yesterday was pretty bad with asscher . 
  yes but at midnight the results should be pretty reliable . 
  because they did n't tango . 
  the vvd pushed a heavy stamp on everything that was achieved , which is by and large considered right . 
  because of this all positive things achieved are credited to the vvd , all negative things are credited to labour . 
  specifically the low income people and small businesses were hit hardest by all measures , which was traditionally the labour electorate . 
  also their switch in party leadership before the campaign was very amateurish , one candidate left the party because they did n't want members to vote , the previous party leader had anger-issues , and the new one has no charisma and turns out to have anger issues too . 
  there will be , labour will be demolished . 
  there 's a large switch on the left to the greens . 
  i suspect the turnout is going to be quite high , in the 80 % range possibly . 
  of course ` low ' is subjective , but you 'll find few countries with such a high turnout . 
  it was a couple of notches above passionate . 
  he screamed and was physically angry , he certainly did n't keep his wits . 
  probably not , perhaps you would have to sacrifice one system , figure out a way , and apply that to the remainder . 
  then again we 've seen at the falklands that countries do n't easily give the keys to others , not even allies ( france -  britain ) it took the british to threaten to nuke buones aires before the french gave the keys . 
  the polls close at 21:00 , and the turnout is currently 33 % + compared to 27 % at the same time in 2012 . 
  the turnout already started higher early in the morning . 
  also as some sort of pr campaign , a polling station was placed on our new reclaimed island , [ voters are ] ( https://www.flevopost.nl/nieuws/lelystad/485771/het-loopt-storm-voor-stembureau-marker-wadden.html ) brought to the island with boats from the mainland to cast their ballot . 
  would n't it be easy to remove the switch ? 
  as far as likelihood you must be right , airdefense systems are the most regulated weapons platform after nuclear weapons . 
  ( for obvious reasons ) a jet is n't as easy to actually use if you get your hands on one . 
  ( as a rebel for example ), 
  nijmegen also ended the sistercity agreement with gaziantep , after they demanded to take the turkish side . 
  i do n't know , one way or the other this guy knows nothing about international law . 
  as far as cavusoglu , diplomatic status is bilateral , host country can deny it . 
  and diplomats can be removed from the country , or denied access , even if both states recognize diplomatic immunity . 
  what you can not do is arrest and convict a diplomat , but even if kaya had diplomatic status , what happened would not be illegal . 
  the ` persona non grata ' status can be given to anyone , including a verified diplomat . 
  of course it 's left , but conservative , not progressive . 
  it 's a matter of understanding the meaning of the terminology . 
   pretty stable at a non-replacement level . 
  each women has on average 1.66 children . 
  and that 's with the high fertility of non-european immigrants . 
  it 's 1,78 and rising actually . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://www.indexmundi.com/netherlands/total_fertility_rate.html )  not in europe though . 
  and not having children in europe wo n't help these millions of people outside of europe . 
  but not having children in europe will fuck up the european social systems . 
  we need to face the fact that we 're going to foot the bill for overpopulation . 
  africa will completely destroy itself , and europe with it afterwards . 
  it 's a troll acount , he aint getting them lira 's for free . 
   according to knoops , the main issue is to what extent banning the two ministers was necessary for protecting public order . 
  a convention on diplomatic relations from 1961 gives a country the right to deny access to the head of a diplomatic mission . 
  but it is a `` kill or cure remedy '' that is only used in extreme cases , he said . 
  `` then you must think of diplomats who are guilty of espionage and such serious matter . 
  to my knowledge that article has never been applied in a situation like this , where a political speech was avoided that was deemed undesirable by the host country . '', 
   knoops adds that the same convention states that diplomats have immunity and must have freedom of movement and access to embassies . 
  you can stop reading there . 
  a minister of family affairs in turkey is n't head of a diplomatic mission , in fact she had no diplomatic status at all . 
  there 's camera 's at the border that picked up the convoy , the doubleganger refused to identify herself this way the real minister could make it to the consulate ( but was luckily stopped from entering ) . 
  employers may not take away your ability to vote . 
  so one way or the other , you can go out and vote . 
  sp is really conservative . 
  back to the ` nhs ' , back to 65 years pension , back to sovereign state , back to keynesian economics etc. 
  nothing wrong with that by the way . 
  and pechtold is centre-left socially . 
  like a traditional socialist , an internationalist , a sort of 1960s socialist . 
  he could n't care less about gender identity or hate speech , and does n't call everyone a racist . 
  in fact he 's very civilized . 
  so he 's not one of those progressive socialists you see these days . 
  he 's pro-direct democracy ( referendum on the eu etc.
