  willem went out his way to improve the southern netherlands as best as possible . 
  at the end of his reign over the southern netherlands antwerpen had become a bigger port than rotterdam . 
  it was just historic/religious hatred against the dutch from the belgians that led to the revolution . 
  alfa is not owned by heineken , but by the family meens . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/alfa_brouwerij ) it 's pretty interesting actually , they have their own water source at 152m depth , supposdly it 's 6000 year old and purified by the local bedrock . 
  they 're only allowed to extract a certain amount of water from this source ( which has a government stamp for natural mineral water and requires no processing at all ) that 's why all bottles are numbered . 
  someone could 've at least told the author about indonesia 's history , and how his family roots are n't exactly indonesian . 
  his mother comes from a meijer family ( a common name then ) , probably a civil servant of some sort in colonial indonesia and unlikely to be of ` indonesian heritage ' but rather a migrant from the netherlands in the dutch indies . 
  at least you can retire in the eu . 
  does the npu also have a parliament , council , court of justice , and navy ? 
  there 's a lot of interesting history behind that . 
  the formation of these borders certainly could 've led to a major war , instead it was limited to a couple weeks of battle between the netherlands and france in antwerpen . 
  but king willem i was a tough nut , and he got us limburg , parts of brabant and zeeuws vlaanderen at least through tough and uncompromising politics . 
  be glad it did n't end up the way [ france wanted ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/verdelingsplan_talleyrand#/media/file:partition-plan-talleyrand-nl.svg ) . 
   ~ ~ bourgiumlands ~ ~ burgi\u00ebland . 
  that 's a broad definition of ` north ' [ you use ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/46/kaart_patat_friet_frieten.svg/220px-kaart_patat_friet_frieten.svg.png ) there . 
  they 're called lattice masts , they 're lighter than a solid structure and a shell would fly right through it , instead of explode in it . 
  they also reduced vibrations from the ships engines and guns in combat , making firing control up there more efficient . 
  it 's actually a russian invention , and was used more often in the first half of the 20th century . 
  you 're confused with macaroni , that 's what barbarians eat with ketchup . 
  is n't ireland technically europe ? 
  pretty sure / u/spartan448 meant surface combatant ship , battleship is just shorter . 
  but fair enough , the term is technically incorrect . 
  i usually eat mussels with bread ( stokbrood ) and all sorts of sauses ( mostly mayo-mosterd and garlic ) . 
  i do n't fancy patat with it either . 
   aw how interesting i agree that there needs to be a rework of eu policy but i will say this the euro gets a bad name but its dead handy when travelling let me tell ya  it is absolutely handy for travelling , however , as much as i like to travel , most transaction i do are where i live . 
  so it does n't offset the 15-20 % loss in purchasing power we all have due to the euro . 
   as for the immigration i was thanking about moving to the netherlands for a while i work in it theirs alot of it jobs there right now so i would not be going to put my hand out looking for anything so the way things are now there i would not be welcomed ? 
  you should not mistake any argument about immigration for ` hur durr them come for benefits ' . 
  we 're the most densily populated country in europe apart from city-states , and pretty close to being the worlds ' too . 
  the issue is with things like housing , natural life , traffic , pollution etc. . we have no need for many more people here , the planet is far bigger than the netherlands and plenty places have more than enough room for people to build a life . 
  immigration should be managed , not stopped , but managed . 
  people die , people emigrate , so it 's possible for people to immigrate here each year . 
  however currently that leads to a population growth of around 100.000 people per year . 
  every 5 years the netherlands get a new dublin in terms of population . 
  this is unsustainable . 
  18 million people in 2025 , 19 million in 2035 , somewhere it 's going to be too much . 
  far better it would be to recognize that now , when changes can be made easier and less drastic than later on . 
   the eu is no empire state trust us we have alot of experience being part of and trying to get of free of some sort of empire state :3 the eu is a globe project to bring together a union of states and have the people form many different states working together for the betterment of humanity see esa ( big fan ) thats what it is in my view but i understand that not everyone sees it that way . 
  not yet , but plenty of people want it to be . 
  the esa is n't part of the eu , and will continue to exist with or without it as it did before it . 
  between the two of those , i would opt for leaving . 
  we produce quite a lot more beer than belgium . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://www.kirinholdings.co.jp/english/news/2013/images/0822_03.gif ), 
   ~ ~ fries ~ ~ patat with mayo are dutch now ? 
   yes . 
  and kroketten are served with mosterd . 
   if only we had some international , europe orientated governmental body whose primary function is regulating the market . 
  we do , and it made it so easy to evade taxes that there 's little alternative then to hand out deals if you want to recieve any taxes from multinationals . 
   i know that i benefit from these tax break for international companies , but if everyone did it we 'd be fucked . 
  you do n't benefit from it . 
  on the contrary , we all lose from it . 
  we 're just reducing our losses a bit with under the table deals . 
  also too bad there 's no camera 's , i did n't feel like paying for them twice . 
   en in dat zandlozewater in de oosterschelde zit er nu de stof tetrodotoxine ( ttx ) in de mosselen . 
   , come from zeeland . 
  waddenzee actually . 
  ( the mussels from zeeland are toxic , they emit some sort of chemical that can make you sick , it 's the same poison as a puffer fish ) regardless they 're still called ` zeeuwse mosselen ' , and mussels are very much part of the dutch cuisine . 
  our membership should strictly be of an economic nature . 
  no ` federal ' agenda 's , transferunion , one-size-fits-all or anything of the sort . 
  there should also be an ability to limit immigration under certain conditions ( such as housing shortage , job shortage , too high of a population growth ) we should revert to the guilder and opt for the introduction of the euro as an interstate exchange platform , but with variable exchange rates to national currencies . 
  ( we need a stronger currency , and higher interest rates than the euro offers ) we should n't leave the eu , but some things need to be changed , including an attitude and culture within the institutions and a false promise of some sort of empire-state as well as the neo-liberal foundations of the current eu framework . 
  but that 's my take . 
  was n't the military service under control of the us ? 
  at least bush demanded a red button so that us could shut it off . 
  might as well stick to gps then . 
  they 're both dutch cuisine . 
  what 's your alternative ? 
  as i explained in an earlier reply , it 's eat or be eaten . 
  either you make deals , or recieve no taxes at all . 
  so * that * needs to change , focussing on the symptoms does n't help anybody . 
  we do n't want that , but by the way things are set up it 's an ` eat or be eaten ' choice to make . 
  i would be the first to support a tax system where taxation will have nothing to do with the location of the hq . 
  that 's the only alternative i see . 
  introduce equal tax rates , and everybody is going to headquarter in the biggest market and central location ( germany ) and nobody except germans would recieve a penny in tax . 
  and they 'll hoard it in warehouses , swim in it like fishes and throw it in the air to ripple on their heads . 
  so it 's time for a system to tax turnover where said turnover is made , to each individual state regardless of the location of the hq or mailbox . 
  actually we might have nobody in office at all . 
  the results are probably going to be very diverse , and the left is trying to shut off the right ( vvd ) . 
  labour is the only left-wing party willing to work with the vvd , and they 're going to be absolutely decimated . 
  ( they 're polling at 8 seats , they had 38 ) so it might be belgium 2.0 or a rainbow coalition which will collapse in a year and we can start another period of electing a parliament every 1-2 years . 
  the socialists also want an eu referendum , which could turn out interesting considering they 're normally a pretty sizable party , and might be even more so with labour collapsing . 
  [ we 've got that ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/6c/gaufre_biscuit.jpg/1024px-gaufre_biscuit.jpg ) covered . 
  you have zoom in a bit to read it . 
  it says ` netherlands ^ ( r ) ' and in small letters ` all rights reserved , groot vlaanderen inc. ', 
  it 's not as worse as albania . 
  i had a tow truck pull me after my right rear wheel was standing in the sewer . 
  apparently somebody stole the iron lid to sell it for scrap , and the government made the lids so large that they were actually worth something . 
  interesting , german roads are generally pretty horrible , my experiences in luxemburg were fine . 
  especially the b-roads . 
  though it may not only be the roads themselves , it 's the fact you hire greeks to maintain and build roads that makes them worse . 
  having perpetual road maintenance every 2 miles is a nightmare . 
  not anymore , they cut that down a lot the last years . 
  only the intersection and urban area 's are lit now . 
  not just to save on electricity , but there was so much light it was harmful for the environment as they had an effect on the day/night routine of animal life . 
  i still need a pair of spare sunglasses for night driving though for the intersections . 
  i liked the other romanian highways better , those with the large eu signs and toll . 
  they 're emptier than the central sahara region . 
  for some reason even the cobblestone roads are horrible compared to here . 
  try driving in antwerpen , an absolute horror .
