  there 's things that * can * solve it , just nobody willing to actually * do * it except the local citizens . 
   i dont think flinging rocks or burning petrol will help in either case . 
  but there 's nothing else that will help either . 
   applications were taking so long they burned down the office that was processing them . 
  claim applications were taking too long , burn down office handling applications . 
  solid logic . 
  maybe they can cooperate and burn the camps together , it could fraternise the groups . 
   the unrest began after algerians and moroccans stole alcohol and fireworks from a shop , frightening local residents . 
  but some activists claimed the events escalated after a planned assault by golden dawn . 
  of course these activists claim that . 
  ` europe ' was france , benelux , germany and italy . 
  the voters were a small village ( 5000 citizens or so ) and a small city ( 50.000 or so ) . 
  it 's not even credible as an opinion poll due to not having a diverse population . 
   as i recall there is nothing that can prevent a finance minister from your country to inform the public if he so wishes . 
  there is , since monetary policy is n't even their competence . 
  that 's the job of the central bank which is supposed to be indepenent . 
  yes but originally these were n't intended to provide hot water ( like the ones you mean ) , but the steam boiler would power a generator . 
  hmmhm iupiter est devs in templo sedet and all that . 
  he will be missed , like a tooth ache . 
  people hate juncker because juncker hates them . 
  not because he 's ` willing to stand up for anything ' . 
  in fact he has been pretty clear about not wanting to account for things . 
   `` monetary policy is a serious issue . 
  we should discuss this in secret , in the eurogroup , '' jean-claude juncker said at a brussels conference [ 1 ] ( https://euobserver.com/economic/32222 ) and when things become serious for juncker ...  `` when it becomes serious , you have to lie , ''  j. c. juncker [ 2 ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/eu/10874230/jean-claude-juncker-profile-when-it-becomes-serious-you-have-to-lie.html ), 
  electric cars are older than petrol cars , as for solar panels , the modern version ( photovoltaic cells ) did not exist , what existed ( at least on paper ) was the use of water in panels which would be heated by the sun and used to drive a boiler . 
  you were talking about salary . 
  farage can do with his salary what he wants , that 's not illegal . 
  they could do that after the uk suspends their membership contributions . 
  after all their salary is paid by the british , along with the salary of representatives from other countries . 
  the godwin was already used by the article , sorry , but you 're late to the party . 
  it 's an old proverb , not much used anymore . 
  the one with mustard is widely used in dutch though . 
  ( mosterd na de maaltijd , ` too late and therefor useless ' ), 
  they 're license build in the uk , the only thing british about them being the hand that tightens the bolts . 
  deescalation seems necessary to avoid world war . 
  there , you have it . 
  france/uk have a pretty limited arsenal , which has recently seen cuts as well , they are n't going to use them over for example the baltics . 
  the uk likely ca n't even use their weapons without us approval . 
  ( because their technology is all american ) the uk is n't even allowed to do test launches without us oversight in the states . 
  i have n't seen white smoke over berlin yet . 
  it 's not the kind of sentiment i support , just the one that is prevalent . 
  would be interesting if she won . 
  we hope that , but if they do n't , the worst we have to worry about is our economy . 
  people who profit most from lower corporate taxes are small and medium business owners and consumers . 
  big corporations do n't pay taxes . 
  you have a point about it being regressive . 
  but our whole tax system is basically regressive , when we say ` tax the rich ' we really mean ` tax the upper-middle class ' . 
  tax rates go down from upper-middle class to the upper class . 
  would n't you disincentivize local investment then ? 
  seems pretty unfair , we let the company pay dividend the moment it pays out shareholders . 
  that way shareholder never sees the money and he ca n't run from it . 
  locals can deduct it from their income tax over capital end of the year . 
  are you sure ? 
  because people who substantially reform systems usually get honorary mention in books and stuff . 
  seems like quite a legacy . 
   imagine what the rest that do n't spend 2 % think when they hear such comments . 
  pretty simple , we do n't rely on the us for our defense . 
  a sad truth , but that 's why these threats do n't have any resonance here . 
  never heard of it , so that 's not going to work . 
  is n't this a normal isla . 
  tradition , at least for males ? 
  instead of all this war-talk against your political adversaries maybe try to win over their votes ? 
  a revolutionary idea , i should call it democracy . 
  you wo n't be the first farmer to plough up explosives on a more serious note . 
   oh god , not that shit again . 
  i do n't think it 'll make it to a referendum , though . 
   it could though . 
   no , he is polling 15-20 % and i think that number will go down . 
  you 're right , i 've seen him polling up to 40 seats at max though . 
  [ now ] ( http://frontbencher.nl/peilingen/ ) it 's indeed 15-20 % at the moment . 
  ( 21-29 seats ) it 's probably going to rise up to the elections and then disappoint in the actual vote . 
   would you take a 1 in 100 chance of dying for a bit of financial profit ? 
  crossing a street with the traffic light on red is more dangerous , yet people take that risk daily for a couple of seconds of time gain . 
  so yea , no doubt . 
  also i can swim pretty well , i 'm a diver too , i know my way around the water , i 'm not afraid of having to swim until rescue arrives . 
  secondary i 'm also a sailer , so if i had a couple of 1000 euro to spare to cross the med . 
  i wo n't be asking smugglers , i 'll buy a sail raft ( a falcon should do ) some battery packs and a compass . 
   i sure as hell wouldnt and neither would most people not living in misery . 
  but you 're german , you 're more risk averse than certainty . 
  we should do the same , and execute the plan for extra forestation in the netherlands . 
  germans are contrarians , you should 've said nuclear was the worst source , then they would 've closed coal . 
  alright , i 'll shoot of ; dutch parliamentary election - march 2017 dutch ceta referendum - probably in 2017 as well but ours is not as important as france , because we have proportional representation and no absolute majority for eurosceptics . 
  ( pvv/geert wilders is polling like 25-30 % of votes at max , but actual result is likely to be lower ) while there 's some moderate eurosceptic party as well ( socialists ) , they do n't cooperate . 
  the fact that you still talk about the economy shows me you take no effort to read . 
  economic power gives influence , but not if you do n't use it . 
   never in the history of the world has anyone ever said the largest economy in the world is irrelevant to world affairs . 
  economies back then were far more closed than they are now , a large economy did n't necessarily mean a large amount of interaction with others . 
   i also speak platt ... what , you can speak with platjes ? 
   we could do this together plus the bavarians would be furious , wouldn \u00b4 t that be great ? 
  i 'm sorry but i take my hygiene more serious . 
  you speak english , we do , let 's not make it harder then it is . 
  there 's some merit to the proverb , but the world allows us to be much better , it 's just that our politicians continue to screw up . 
  2017 is going to be an interesting year if he loses . 
  that one was particularly distasteful , as journalists moved his body around to get the best pose for the camera . 
   why do they take the incredibly high risk of dying on a boat ? 
  the incredible high risk of less than 1 % that you die ? 
  truth be told that we slowly lose our humanity inch by inch as this drags one . 
  we would , this is the med. , not the atlantic ridge . 
  when a boat sinks there 's always stuff that will stay afloat or come up after a while , fishing vessels and dredgers will also find the ships . 
  you 're right though that there would be less people drowning if we stopped ` monitoring ' the shores , as we would remove a pull-factor for them .
