  not much , but the real source of the power you put in your car ( gas , oil , coal ) do have emissions . 
   well i see quite a few teslas here and honestly they work . 
  tesla 's are n't zero emissions . 
   the country is small and thus the distances short enough for an electric car . 
  it 's not that small that the current 50-60km radius of an affordable electric car would do . 
  besides some people go on holidays with a car as well . 
   most people bicycle if they can anyways and the public transport is nigh perfect . 
  public transport is a mess in some parts of the country . 
  100km 's of train ride could well cost you 3,5 hours and a winning lottery ticket . 
   the car is a luxury not a necessity here for most people in cities and only really necessary in small towns . 
  and everybody lives in the big cities right . 
   most energy here is renewables ( wind ) . 
  renewables account for 4 % of dutch eletricity , which includes wind , but also bio-gas and all that . 
  40 % is gas , and 39 % oil and 12 % coal , then there 's some nucleair . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://aardgas-in-nederland.nl/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/primair-energieverbruik-2015.png ) strange definition of ` most ' you have there . 
   not the countries that blocked reform and wanted to maintain status quo , which happens to suck for greece and italy . 
  i do n't imagine it 's that great for sweden and germany either . 
  bless you . 
  that 's not the intention , but the means . 
   they are the 4th eu 's economy they 're also the 4th in terms of population . 
  hardly an achievement . 
   creating a permanent uneducated unemployable underclass . 
  are educated illegal migrants employable ? 
  or misjudging the situation . 
  lots of swimming ponds are very shallow , but many former peat and sand excavations have left very deep inland ponds ( 20-30m depth is not unheard of ) which are often used for swimming , but if you ca n't swim , well that 's dangerous . 
  and with our soil water , especially in the summer , is not transparent . 
  you ca n't see the bottom often so to say , even if it 's only 1,5 m deep . 
   17 million belarussians are hoping they 're next . 
  belarus only has 9,5 million citizens according to google . 
  austria is a bundesl\u00e4nder not a neighbour , i was more thinking of czechia and poland . 
  i was technically wrong , but was n't making a mathematical equation , just a verbal explanation to explain it to a person who now understands it , assuming the reader had a functioning set of brain halves that could deduct what was implied without having to spell it out in detail . 
  you guys were the ones who felt compelled to act like an asshole , not me . 
  you did not understand that it meant a 20 % increase ? 
  i 'm sorry unless community guidelines require it , i 'm not going to dumb down my replies so you can understand it . 
  nearly all their neighbours are known for their cheese , netherlands , france and switserland . 
  at least on one side , the other side has vodka though . 
  you 're not retarded are you ? 
  if i need to type replies that need to be understood by 2 year olds i may have missed some community guidelines , but you 're welcome to message the mods and i 'll be sure to spell it out for you next time so you can understand it as well . 
  parents pay for it . 
  luxemburg used the belgian franc before the euro , so belgium is nothing new for them . 
  also different currencies were n't that big of an obstacle , before the euro dutch shopping malls were popular among germans , after the adoption of the euro not anymore due to our prices rising massively . 
  now it 's vice versa , we go to germany to shop . 
   that 's just the vat . 
  ** in ** correct math is : no , if you want to be pedantic that 's just the vat over the excise tax , the excise tax , and the beer price excluding vat . 
   ( beer price + tax mentioned ) x vat ~ ~ + ( beer price + tax mentioned ) ~ ~ = consumer price if you want to correct people so badly , at least do so without doing it wrong yourself . 
  mostly poles and bulgarians that venture too far out of the beach where they ca n't stand anymore and drown . 
  beer price + tax mentioned x vat = consumer price . 
  say a liter beer costs 1 euro in finland , you add 1,5 euro excise taxes that is 2,5 euro , say they have 20 % vat , then it means you pay 3 euro for 1 liter beer . 
  they fall in the canals in the city centre when they 're drunk . 
  you do n't need to swim in there , you can just stand on top of all the bicycles on the bottom . 
  it 's the getting out part that kills most people . 
  good thing that swimming lessons teach you how to swim with cloths and boots on and in cold water too . 
  saved my life when i went through the ice . 
  alright , did n't know that . 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  straight , depressing , emotionless . 
  maybe she did n't cover her face . 
  could be . 
  there 's a difference between intend and deed . 
  you could rob a bank with a good intention , the deed is wrong though . 
  for all we know the mods removed it , but it does n't change what he wrote . 
   without `` social insurance '' payments , this doesnt really make a lot of sense , does it ? 
   this is with social insurance payments , but without tax discounts . 
  also the data is old . 
  in 2016 in the netherlands it 's 36,55 % of the top of my head , and about 35 % of that is ` social insurance ' . 
  1,5 % is tax . 
  however each person has + / -2200 general tax discount , and a separate flexible labour discount . 
  ( and possibly personal discounts like schooling costs , special healthcare etc. ), 
  meaning the first + / - 7000 euro per year you earn is tax free . 
   i was reading this , maybe you missed it ? 
   i seriously ca n't even comprehend how some people with iphones and laptops even have the audacity to apply for refugee status . 
  you should 've had a longer attention span than a gold fish and have read the whole reply . 
  he 's implying people who do n't flee war but use the asylum system to get a better life . 
  you ca n't just pick one sentence from what somebody says and ignore the rest . 
   and they deny actual refugees who need a safehaven the most and deny them a chance to a better life . 
  he 's clearly distinguishing between actual refugees and economic migrants in the first sentence of his reply . 
  i do n't know what you 've been reading , but it was n't his/her reply . 
  there was a guy with an assault rifle that entered the pizza place while people were dining couple of days ago , i think he took it too literal when he searched the place . 
  good lord what an abomination . 
  but it does symbolize the eu perfectly , waste of room , waste of money , employees concerned with rainbows and butterflies . 
  many do n't come here because they flee war , but because they want money . 
  he 's saying people who have iphones are n't in need of monetary support from european governments when many people , both domestic and foreign , can barely afford food , let alone a 500 euro smartphone . 
  it 's pretty clear in his reply as well , you just decided to ignore it . 
  they do n't have bad intentions , looking for a better life is not a bad intention . 
  they just misuse a system we set up to help people that need it , they do n't need it and they 're destroying it for those that do . 
  they can only violate international law when political leaders want to kill each other . 
  ghadafi is dead , the rule of law is reinstated . 
  except visiting a mosque is useless , while swimming is essential as it can save your life . 
  swimming can save your life , basketball wo n't . 
  also schools usually do n't have pools , they rent commercial pools for a couple of hours per week . 
  unfortunately not . 
  a couple of eastern europeans die in the netherlands each year because they ca n't swim . 
  in a couple of other locations there are also autonomous electric bus lines running . 
   that 's what this anti-tax-fraud office aims to do , yes ? 
   it 's not an anti-tax-fraud office , it 's a prosecutor office . 
  they 're selling it like it 's an anti-tax-fraud office because saying the eu can soon prosecute citizens inside countries without any national interference is hard to sell to the electorate . 
   about 96 % by population and state count , but true , it 's a limited chunk . 
  it 's basically nothing , i like our way of living , i 've no desire to adopt another one . 
  therefor we should remain sovereign and determine our own living . 
   my belief is that most actors here are `` good faith actors '' at any one time .
