  economic sanctions should be implemented as retaliation , not for some stupid statement from a delusional mad man . 
  also for nato , with refusing to give airsupport in exchange for french hostages the serbs had . 
  it was quite telling that the sanctions he was boasting about are merely symbolic , sending an embassador away who was n't even in turkey and not allowing diplomatic planes to land . 
  how ever will we get over this . 
  is this all he has got ? 
  perhaps he 's not such a strongman after all . 
  writing from behind bars is a bit of an implication no doubt . 
  we would let the turkish minister talk , they were offered 3 possibilites for a gathering . 
  then they threatened , lied , said our laws do n't matter , and they 'll do as they like . 
  then no more turkish minister . 
  letting others threaten and disgard you on your on own soil and have them get away with it is the worst imaginable response . 
  there was no other response possible but this one . 
  better put a stop to schengen then . 
  i 'm sure all the officials and businessmen that criss cross europe with some security staff stop and declare what shit they have before passing an eu border . 
  officials and businessmen either have unarmed guards , guards provided by the government , or permission to have their own guards . 
  kaya did not have permission to have armed guards . 
   military invasion from someone that has diplomatic immunity . 
  we have a ton of experts on international law on reddit i see  ) ) she did n't have diplomatic immunity , i do n't know wether there are a ton of experts on international law on reddit , but you sure are not one of them . 
  i thought cafusoglu jumped out with a parachute above normandy ? 
  i do n't know , you would have to ask him . 
  do n't worry , we can handle your administration without the eu . 
  this is an internal matter , the eu is n't involved , they merely fell over the rude language . 
  i see the joint airdefense is being put to use . 
  that 's great . 
  because they resisted arrest . 
  you 've seen his tail pop out his pants and his tung slissssing out or something ? 
  what plan ? 
  he says a lot of things but i 've never been able to deduct a plan from him . 
  some things he says do have merit , and i 'm glad he 's introducing them into politics . 
  for example i think we should reduce immigration , not wilders style , but prudently . 
  i `` m all for a balanced migration scheme , the country is full , tensions are high , let one in for one that leaves , and start working on inclusion for those already here . 
  we can even layer the quota , for example next year about 40.000 will emigrate . 
  so we will allow 40.000 to immigrate here . 
  you can offer 6000 asylum places , 6000 orange-card lottery ( everybody can participate ) , 6000 high educated places , and for example 22.000 eu places . 
  if the quota is met , better luck next year . 
  i also want an end to double passports , you choose a passport , and that will be your one . 
  if that 's a turkish or moroccan passport , you lose your dutch passport . 
  you can offer this choice either by birth ( would legally be easier ) or at 18 year old as the cda proposed so the person has his own choice . 
  his win would only be symbolic . 
  if he wins he would get like 17 or 18 % of the votes perhaps , not nearly enough to do what he wants . 
  does [ this one ] ( http://www.npo.nl/eenvandaag-verkiezingsdebat/13-03-2017/at_2068054 ) work for you ? 
  there 's no subtitles though . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jm7_uupvqdo ) one should 've automatic subtitles . 
  even more ironically , like 20m away from the memorial to the german carpet bombing raid on rotterdam in 1940 . 
  if her guards would 've been neutralized that would be some shitstorm . 
  yes the turkish vice prime minister said the migrant deal has ended an hour or two ago . 
  absolutely . 
  all things considered it luckily ended pretty well . 
  a video of the arrest [ can be seen here ] ( https://twitter.com/nos/status/840694878766022657 ) . 
  --  it was frightening that she ( kaya ) had 12 men with her . 
  muscular men of whom we did not know wether they were armed . 
  that has led to the deployment of specialized units . 
  so that we could be certain that if it would end in a fight , we would be in control . 
  the permission to shoot had been granted . 
  yes . 
  they were offered 3 possibilities to hold a rally here , including with their minister . 
  they turned down all , threatened us , and said they 'll do as they like . 
  the article pretends as if it 's politics form both sides . 
  no decent country would let itself be threatened and suspend its own laws to let a foreign dictator stir up civil disorder while threatening and lying to authorities , even technically invading it by armed guards from whom there was no permission whatsoever . 
  the current laws are discriminatory , and they passed just fine . 
  removing the exceptions for turks and moroccans is in fact the opposit of discrimination . 
  rest assured , i did not and will not vote pvv . 
  the netherlands normally does n't allow double passports , so that 's easy . 
  if you acquire an american passport you automatically lose your dutch passport . 
  ( except if you marry ) turks and moroccans * are * the exception , and it should become equal for all . 
   what about nations that automatically `` grant '' nationality though blood , like morocco ? 
  you do n't share the civil administration with morocco . 
  if they declare the baby to morocco themselves , the baby will not have have a dutch passport . 
  that way the choice is for the parents . 
  the cda wants it at least . 
  the youth branch of the vvd wants to end the candidate status i suppose that would have an effect on the bilateral treaties too , i do n't know who else would support it though . 
  i would 've been happy if you said that initially instead of making things up . 
  sure wilders is unlikely to form a coalition , i do n't like wilders anymore than the next person , but let 's not go over the top . 
  i 'll try my luck on wednesday if you do n't mind . 
  this . 
  but to do this , the association agreement with turkey needs to be anulled . 
  as that agreement ensures the right for turks to keep their nationality when acquiring dutch nationality . 
  ( at least that 's what the christian democrat leader in the netherlands said ) needless to say , they support anulling that treaty , however it would be very difficult for the netherlands to do so unilaterally without the rest of the eu . 
  considering turkey is in diplomatic rows with greece , germany , austria and iraq at the moment , yes it would . 
  had to google it , but yes he said that in 2015 . 
  so that makes 3 party-leaders that ruled it out . 
  hardly ` all except sgp and 50 plus ' . 
   `` the turkish community and our citizens were subject to bad treatment , with inhumane and humiliating methods used in disproportionate intervention against people exercising their right to peaceful assembly , '' a statement attributed to ministry sources said . 
  they always are , he did quite well regardless , of course he had ample time to prepare this one debate . 
  only rutte and klaver have publicly ruled out a coalition with the pvv to my knowledge . 
  not all parties . 
  but gathering a majority would be impossible without the vvd . 
  wilders did pretty well in the debate just now . 
  my tighs still hurt from the nonchalant ` and yet nobody believes you ' . 
  always a wise idea to just start punching half of europe randomly when you 're in a diplomatic conflict with one country . 
  go right ahead , see what the eu from the aegean up to the gulf of finland will make of it . 
  traditional akp strategy , gather votes through the mosques . 
  good that they 're speaking out , the key to inclusion is also for them to let their voices be heard . 
  it got violent later on when the older turks and children went home and only the turkish youth remained . 
  in fact the police forces were scaling down presence , and the protestors started to throw things at vans who literally drove away . 
  that 's when they decided enough was enough . 
  joking seems to be best response . 
  if you take this nazi-comparison serious you 're only doing what erdogan hopes to achieve , he wanted to insult you , that seems to have worked , understandible , and unfortunate , but you ca n't stop people from saying certain things , so best thing to do is to shrug it off . 
  let that fool call us what he wants , we all know what he is , and we do n't need to say that . 
  spinning this into some kind of electoral ploy is just political propaganda .
