  [ here 's another one ] ( https://images.nrc.nl/qvcd-wog1ouowym_ztay5bkfawa=/1280x/s3/static.nrc.nl/images/stripped/2111amstagen.jpg ) . 
  ( and they thought communism ended west of east-germany ) you can easily spot the contrarians with their windows in the roof , damn anarchists . 
  most of these are still in use . 
   it 's not really relevant who the netherlands chooses to partner with in its proactive approach . 
  the geographic position of turkey between us and all of the middle east is what gives it influence over all eu nations . 
   no it does n't . 
  they 're not important at all anymore since the end of the cold war . 
   also , i 'd say it 's comparatively simple controlling the border between jordan and the eu . 
  having ties with jordan would not remove the need to keep relations somewhat productive with turkey . 
  refugees only started to go to turkey after jordan closed its borders . 
  people do n't want to be in turkey , migrants are no exception . 
  if we had prevented that , turkey would be empty . 
  we have no need for productive relations with turkey . 
  syrians are mostly a victim of the current toxic climate . 
  they 're mostly legit refugees , it 's afghani 's , pakistani 's , moroccans , algerians etc. 
  who do the bad stuff and give them all a bad name . 
  turkey is not an important partner of the netherlands . 
  the dutch government has invested in ties with jordan instead of turkey . 
  our army operates from jordan , we help jordan with the rufugees . 
  jordan is equally as important to the refugeecrisis ( perhaps even more important ) , and a much better state to work with . 
   most have a mandatory dual citizenship ( born in netherlands , but mandatory turkish citizenship too ) it would be interesting wether there would be a way to remove that mandatory double passport . 
  people with turkish background are forced to have a connection to turkey even if they were born here and live here . 
  obviously this is toxic , from the start they 're put in between two countries by the turkish state . 
  i wonder if there 's a way that we can stop the double passport thing , it would certainly improve social inclusion if you ask me . 
  an immigration stop seems like a more humane starting point than starting to deport . 
  if we can first make sure the community does not grow ( no family reunion , marriage , or labour migration ) we can at least make sure the problem does not grow out of proportion before we can improve the situation . 
  i would n't oppose a sensible deportation policy besides that , but it 's a slippery slope , and very much socially toxic at the moment . 
  denk ( currently named ` group kuzu / \u00d6zt\u00fcrk ' ) are two former labour mp 's who were placed on the labour party list to attract foreign voters with their name . 
  labour was warned not to put them on the list by turkey experts due to their background and supposed links to the ` grey wolves ' ( a turkish ultra nationalist group ) but they did it anyway . 
  they got a name when in parliament they yelled they hoped ` allah would punish him ' at another mp . 
  eventually labour figured they indeed were not good candidates and booted them out , but in the netherlands you can keep your parliamentary seat after that , so they ( tunahan kuzu and sel\u00e7uk \u00d6zt\u00fcrk ) have 2 seats and started their own party ( denk ) which is going to run for elections ( and probably snatch the voters labour tried to get by putting turkish sounding names on their lists ) they want to ban words from the dictionary ( like ` foreigner ' ) they want to stop calling the ` armenian matter ' a genocide ( turkey did not commit genocide according to them ) they want to turn the current labour office inside parliament into a museum for slavery ( bad relations with their former employer , as childish as they are , and slavery can shame the pesky whites because armenia no genocide , netherlands very much slavery ) , they want to disarm the army , end integration policies , less tolerance for natives but more tolerance for people with immigration background , and all that sort of frivolous things . 
  there are 0,5 million turks in the netherlands , about 69 % of which support erdogan , it 's not so easy . 
  the problem is not intelligence , it 's all out there . 
  the problem is the political will to do something about it . 
  the only problem with intelligence is that the dutch branche of the akp in parliament wants to change intelligence rules . 
  mp 's need screening before they 're allowed to attend ` commission clandestine ' ( a gathering of selected mp 's for oversight on intelligence and security matters ) the dutch akp ( denk ) wants to remove that rule so that everybody can attend briefings of the intelligence services , because obviously akp ` ers wouldn ; t pass the screening . 
  once they reach that , and the akp has insiders in our intelligence agencies , then i would be worried about that . 
  oh well , they 'll be snatching votes from the pvda , which already has pro-akp elements . 
  they 're just getting their own name now . 
  we 've got a fan . 
   `` it is no wonder that these accusations come now . 
  we have a worsening situation in the central med and a lot of efforts taken by the eu to shut down migration . 
  they are trying to shut this down by all means necessary . '' as an organisation that tries to save people from drowning they would be extremely happy if they managed to shut it down would n't they ? 
  no more drownings ? 
  they do not even hide their motives , yet so many are stupid enough to fall for it . 
  it 's a million dollar business for them , they do n't want to stop drownings anymore than vw wants emission regulations , it threatens their profit . 
  part of the game , we 've been constantly eliminating jobs in the government for 20 years on row now , hardly stopping anything . 
  because he is ' 17 ' . 
  also they recognize northern cyprus , i guess turkey is no longer alone . 
  you eliminate a large amount of bureaucracy . 
  we 're not the vatican city , with 17,1 million citizens it 's hardly surprising to see different opinions . 
  was the question we answered and voted against . 
   to be fair , is n't that what the dutch people voted against ? 
  yes but the wic did n't employ most slaves , they sold/shipped them . 
  to american farmers and no doubt spanish mining . 
   can anyone explain how something like this could happen ? 
  he 's proposing to give poor pensioners a christmas bonus . 
  how can anybody be strictly against that ? 
  the eu has no choice but to eat babies for the holidays if they strike it down because of this . 
  we can only hope parliament sees through this simple ploy and strikes the deal down . 
  if europe is n't willing to compromise , the treaty must not be worth a lot to them . 
  gdp is a useless metric for determining actual living standards though . 
  finnish earn more money than dutch on average [ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_average_wage ) , and own more wealth on average . 
  [ 2 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_wealth_per_adult ) do you think a country that earns less money and owns less wealth is richer than a country that earns and owns more ? 
  i doubt it , the wic and others specifically brought in slaves from africa because native americans were n't fit for hard physical labour . 
  finland is richer , so it would make sense . 
  membership of the russian federation too . 
  eastern states wanted to join nato eventhough nato promised not to do that , this is fine . 
  crimea wanted to join russia eventhough russia promised not to do that , this is not fine . 
  decide how you treat others , and you 'll be treated the same way . 
  do n't like it , then change it . 
  the us promised to not expand to the east . 
  they ca n't trust us either , we 're both as unreliable as the other . 
  but we 'll have to make due with what we can get . 
  you misspelled ` gulden ' . 
  how 's the weather in macedonia ? 
  as said , the political situation is irrelevant , calm your butthurt . 
  artifacts that belong to crimeans should be returned to crimeans , wether they 're illegally occupied by martians , russians or ukrainians . 
   what if they 're returned there and end up in moscow ? 
  then that 's not worse than it being returned to ukraine and ending up in kiev or wherever . 
  we should do what is right , return national heritage to those whom it belongs to , crimeans . 
  we ca n't force others to do what is right , but at least we have our conscience clear in the matter . 
   i think it 's our responsibility to hold on to them for a while until the situation stabilizes . 
  that 's not a bad idea , but we both know crimea is n't going back to ukraine . 
  so i doubt time will make it much easier . 
  instead we could seek to get a promise from russia that when returned to crimea , the artifacts will in fact ( primarily ) stay in crimea . 
  do you have any evidence he ordered that ? 
  shame , if they 're part of crimea 's history they should be returned to crimea , regardless of the political situation . 
  not everything revolves around money and power . 
  i do n't know how the spanish did that , the wic was primarily a trader , not delver . 
  there was one positive effect of communism , destruction of religiousity . 
  post-communist muslim states are the best muslim states , because religion has been rooted out of daily life . 
   birthrate correlates more to poverty than religion . 
  is that why birthrates in sweden are among the highest in europe and bulgaria among the lowest ? 
  russian involvement in those dnc leaks are pizzagate tier conspiracy theories . 
  what really happened is an inside struggle , and 100 % americans hacking and sharing these mails . 
  human trafficking was n't nearly that important , the corporation that did the trafficking did n't manage to hammer out a profit from the business and went bankrupt in the 17th century , it was resurrected but financed its business primarily with gold trade . 
  it is a necessity . 
   so you , sitting in front of your computer . 
  decided that the whole industry is `` boring '' and therefore countless people should lose their jobs and try to adapt to something you find interesting  if it 's in the way of our future it will have to change , just like we 've made countless other changes during the centuries .
