  also when ships set out from libya they have the telephone numbers of the italian government , as the smugglers inform italy where they can pick up the next load they have direct telephone lines these days . 
  citizens can only apply to the government to sue him , and the government did . 
  they 're not a substitute for the state , they are the state . 
  they decide wether to sue or not , citizens can only ask them to sue , not demand/force them . 
  ( unless the citizens start a case against the government ) it is not a civil case ( citizen ( s ) vs citizen ( s ) ) , it is a criminal case ( state vs citizen ) . 
   it was n't the government that sued him but individual citizens . 
   it is the government that is suing him . 
  citizens did ` aangifte ' , but this is not a civil case . 
  jail was never really expected . 
  while the maximum punishment for discrimination in the netherlands is 2 years jail , the most severe punishment ever given was 3 months for a neo-nazi party leader ( dutch people 's union/nvu ) which was later overturned into 2 months in prison and 2 months suspended . 
  his speech was way more extreme though . 
  the maximum fine is 25.000 euro , which is also never given . 
  but regardless of the fine being low , him being found guilty would be a massive loss for our freedom of speech . 
  if they 're public persons , they very much should . 
   ca n't find anything about that . 
  because none are , they arrested two , but never prosecuted them and they were released . 
   hell apparently it 's even debatable if what you say is really said . 
  [ 2 ] ( http://www.telegraaf.nl/binnenland/22897010/__onderzoek_pro-gaza-protest__.html ) apart from chanting ` death to the jews ' , ` cursed jews ' and calling for them ` to return into the sewer they crawled from ' , they ; * carried is flags which is illegal * did hitler salutes , which is illegal * carried swastika 's , which is illegal * speaker said he supported hamas ( even though police had asked him not to do so ) * assaulted a journalist , which had to be rescued by police * called the dutch government zionist dogs * vandalized police cars ( by putting is flags on them ) i can think of multiple violations here , but nothing was done about it . 
  and the sad thing is this is nothing unique , it 's not like anything like this has n't happened before or after . 
  it 's just that it yields more karma to let this happen because ` freedom ' and just go after some juicy one liner from wilders instead because everyone dislikes him anyway . 
  it 's banning opposition and dissent to your woldview based on arbritary reasons which you would not apply universally , something that 's fundamental to our society of equality and enlightenment . 
  that 's a slippery slope to it . 
  the only bullshit i see here is your reply . 
  why do n't you show us how many were prosecuted ? 
  should 've added ; ` to the poles a common european defense means all soldiers are stationed in poland against russia . ', 
  it 's an accurate description of why people want an eu army , also shows that the small countries will end up undefended in case of such a project , as everybody is only in it for themselves . 
  there 's both no knowledge about each other , nor intend to have it together . 
  politicians are monitored all the time , even fellow politicians have access to security services for screening purposes . 
  if you ca n't handle that you should n't be a public person . 
  while it is true it opens up politicians to blackmail , more importantly , it opens up the public to corruption and mixed interests of politicians . 
  which is more important than possible blackmail . 
  also when knowledge is public , blackmail is less likely . 
  ( as it 's often based on knowing things other people do n't ), 
  should have red the disclaimer in small font at the bottom then . 
  every source is biased . 
  for the same reason it was legal for a group of people in the netherlands to chant ` death to the jews ' during protests but wilders is prosecuted for asking if people want less moroccans . 
  / u/devdot is trying to show you what kind of mindset led to this happening with impunity . 
  that 's still a small one , and it only carries cruise missiles . 
  something completely different than an icbm . 
  you realize that dolphin class fits ** 8 times ** in a 1960s us ssbn ? 
  unlikely germany can build something like that , it never has , not even something close to it . 
  you 've never even build a nuclear powered vehicle at all for that matter . 
  great , so we can become just like russia banning all dissent and opposition . 
   even ideologically that was only ever meant to be for the citizens of the state and not for anyone showing up at the borders . 
   it was never meant to be for citizens only . 
  that 's why we have a foreign aid budget and state contributions to charities . 
   but practically the old - you can have extensive wellfare state or mass immigration but not both - things are more nuanced then that . 
  the icc is n't going to convict an ordinary citizen . 
  if a us citizen goes to france and steals a car , he 's convicted and locked up . 
  the us wo n't complain about that . 
  the icc is more intended for officers or politicians who commit war crimes , which the us does quite often . 
  the us does n't support the icc because it 's controlled by europe , and would n't accept seeing its military officers or politicians be convicted by a european court . 
  it 's the whole mindset around it . 
  once you 're giving help to people in need of it you 're going to have a hard time telling people who have need of it they do n't deserve it because they do n't have a passport . 
  it 's a mentality you know , you help the poor , the sick , the young , the old and unemployed , and when poor people show up on your border , you 're also inclined to help them . 
  that 's the idea of our welfare state , the state is your best friend and all that . 
  if latvia or poland or hungary were to ever have such a system you would face the same dillemma 's . 
  yes they could , but making a means of delivery would be the hard part . 
  you can simply put it on an aircraft , but that wo n't be very succesful , the aircrafts we have are easily taken down , unless you have a b-2 or something . 
  you can put it on a standard missile and it will be neutralized . 
  you need a vast rocket that can reach great altitude , enormous speeds , navigate without sattelites , and still be accurate ( we may not reach the yield of experienced users ) . 
  then you need a good launching position ( an icbm is only vulnerable at the first stage , once off there 's no stopping it ) we could build this , but not by spending 8 billion euro on defense , we would need a war economy for that . 
  could also opt for a newer weaponsystem instead of the good old nukes , haul a sattelite into orbit and drop thungsten blocks on russia from outer space . 
  wo n't have to deal with the fall-out in that case . 
  not without processing their claims first , which will take months , or do laws only apply when it 's convenient to merkel ? 
  if they 're denied asylum they could also just throw away their passports , germany ca n't deport them i 'm told . 
   i 'm still waiting for germany to take care of a part , i hope you 're trying to be funny or something . 
   they said multiple times they would have taken some people from italy they 've taken most people of all countries in europe because italy is de facto a failed state . 
   libya will never have a strong central government , it 's an artificial country created by mussolini which decided to merge three differente entities ( tripolitania , cyrenaica , fezzan ) . 
  it has hundreds of tribes . 
   but that was the case even under gaddafi , but he was able to manage the whole thing . 
  why ? 
  cause he was perceived as the only leader in the country , he controlled oil and the tribes sided with him . 
   now there are two rival governments , one in tripolitania and one in cyrenaica . 
  serraj ( which is our guy , the pro-west guy ) needs to emerge as the real leader and get full control of the oil . 
  at that point haftar ( the other dude ) will stop being a dick and that 's the decisive step . 
  then you just fucking bribe the members of the tribes , you b-u-y them . 
  this is how libya works since 1934 . 
  so then take these oil fields for him and support the government . 
  try it through the un if needed , including independent peacekeepers . 
  give the people of libya something in return as damage repayment from europe . 
  for example strike a deal that libyan oil will be a state industry of which all profits will be put in a sovereign wealth fund . 
  it 's not pretty , but we 'll have to deal with what we 're given . 
   i agree , removing gaddafi without a plan was a mistake . 
  it was not a mistake , it was a preschool bully action from france for the ego of some pumped up narcisist who can even run for president again . 
  it is , but that 's things allies and possible future eu members do . 
   refugees are already processed no they 're not . 
  situation as is is that people just walk into countries as they please then go to where they please , how they please and whatever they feel like . 
   you ca n't simply kick them out of course you can . 
   libya is the gateway . 
  indeed , but that does seems like an important distinction . 
   almost all migrants coming to italy come from libya . 
  you stabilize libya , you create hotspots there or you make sure they control their southern border ( which is not in the middle of the sea like ours ) . 
  and it 's over . 
  over . 
  but you would need a strong central government . 
  the only way to achieve that as i see it is to invade libya and saddle the government of our choosing with our military forces , both by ` liberating ' it as well as maintaing a transition period and plan . 
  but there 's no will at all to do anything like that . 
  and please do n't start about the dreaded values on that one , the only reason the french coalition invaded libya was because of a fucking duel between two leaders , one of a supposedly civilized country . 
   the alternative is supporting the government in libya and make sure people do n't flee their country .
