  maybe if you charged less they would n't have to come here . 
  the roads are paid for directly by the motorists . 
  ( and unfortunately only for citizens , we have yet to charge visitors ) actually so much so that 50 % of what we pay in road taxes are n't used on roads but on other budgets . 
  yes , but the scales are determined by the type of fuel . 
  for example a petrol car ( there 's a slight difference between provinces in costs , as it us up to the province not central government ) between 851 and 950 kilo will cost about 90 euro 's per 3 months , but a diesel car of 851-950 kilo will cost about 270 euro per 3 months . 
  this is to compensate for lower fuel costs ( diesel is significantly cheaper than petrol per gallon ) and to avoid everybody using a diesel for grocery shopping . 
  ( which is very bad , because apart from all over diesel being more toxic than petrol , they also take longer to warm-up and are at an innefficient state for longer than petrol cars ) however there was an oldtimer arrangement which applied for cars older than 25 years , so that they did n't have to pay 1000 euro 's per year for a hobby car that they may drive once or twice in the summer . 
  which meant cars older than 25 years did not have to pay any road taxes . 
  then many smart-asses figured why not drive a mercedes e190 diesel for scraps and pennies . 
  no road taxes , cheap fuel , yolo for the environment and public health . 
  ( these things throw out more soot fumes than a russian aircraft carrier ) . 
  luckily it 's changed now . 
  that said they did try to change the system and wanted a road tax which would be based on km 's driven . 
  all cars were to recieve a gps box and at the end of the month you would be charged for the km 's you had driven . 
  the system never made it through , but perhaps with a km-tariff based on weight/fuel type it might be even fairer . 
  for those who do n't believe him/her , [ here 's the ] ( http://www.navy.mil/ah_online/lcs/photos/lcs12.jpg ) the evidence . 
  fyrom ` ians are a slavic people , they have zero connection to macedonia . 
  not for all countries at least . 
  that 's the day we have elections . 
  i suppose it 's intended to shut a whole lot more representatives up . 
  wow that 's some next level shit . 
  i guess there indeed are increasingly little differences between the ussr and eu . 
  giving is not selling , besides more countries produce weapons for airplanes then just the us . 
  norway , sweden , france for example . 
  us influence in military capabilities is severely limited to airwarfare , and there are european alternatives to that . 
  when it comes down to it , nobody likes turkey ( which is quite telling ) . 
  israel could easily produce pretty much everything for an f16 . 
  plenty of european countries use f16 's , i would fully support either sending our spare parts and munitions to greece or buying them for them in case of war . 
   where are the people going ? 
  into the earth . 
  germany has about 1 child per women and is the 3rd oldest society on the planet ( average age 48 for women , 46 for males ) , which leads to a pretty significant population reduction even with large migration flows . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_median_age ) in 2016 germany had 8,5 births per 1000 people and 11,6 deaths per 1000 people . 
  so in total in 2016 germany had 680.000 births and 928.000 deaths . 
  so a natural population decline of about 300.000 people per year at the moment . 
  [ 2 ] ( http://www.indexmundi.com/germany/demographics_profile.html ) you need a lot of migrants to offset that . 
  well both were build as stealth ships , they just had different technology at the time . 
  one was build with a communist apartment block as bridge so that nobody would notice it floating on the volga and the other well , something with radar signature i suppose . 
  very well . 
  there 's pretty much never any complaint and they 're an integral part of dutch society . 
  they have a history with us , surinamers speak dutch ( they still speak dutch in suriname ) and they were part of our country . 
  they were n't anymore an immigrant as a northern irish that may have fled to the republic of ireland or vice versa during your clashes with the british . 
  they 're in a different category than moroccans or turks which have no connection to us whatsoever . 
  they were offered a choice , remain a dutch citizen or become a citizen of the new state of suriname . 
  many chose dutch citizenship , and so could board a plane whenever they liked . 
  well it took 4 years for a military dictator to take hold . 
  suriname was going to be independent , just not at the time ( popular speaking ) . 
  but the then dutch government decided to brush its hands of it prematurely , we gave a sack of money and a farewell . 
  was not the best of transition , if you have an independence movement you at least have someone to take hold when you 're gone . 
  when such a movement is still purely political and a minority as well you 're leaving a democracy with suddenly very few checks and balances . 
  perhaps not . 
  or sweden was part of finland . 
  perhaps the builders were as incompetent with math as they were with geography . 
  it 's unfortunate that the ugliest warship ever build ( well until zumwalt at least ) had to pass by the very moment the picture was taken though . 
  apart from that , a pretty ship . 
   responsibility value something ? 
   liability valuation alterations . 
   arbeidsongeschiktheidsverzekeringsmaatschappij worker song something ? 
  labour handicapped insurance organization . 
   zandzeepsodemineraalwatersteenstralen soda water mineral water stream something ? 
  something like that , it was used by a flemish author in a book and subsequently added to the dictionary , but not really used i think . 
  yes , gefermenteerde = fermented and the - e at the end gives property to haring . 
  we also have this hobby of writing words connected which explains the search for haring . 
   ok , maybe not . 
   gefermenteerde oostzeeharing is decayed zure haring , or surstr\u00f6mming in swedish . 
  translation : 10 million citizens in belgium have two nationalities . 
  roughly 1.2 million citizens only have a foreign passport . 
  am i close ? 
  close , almost 10 million belgian citizens have either the belgian nationality or a double nationality including belgian , and over 1,25 million citizens have only a foreign passport . 
  are n't the remnants of the cabin still there ? 
  their indepedence was n't that great with desi bouterse . 
  but i suppose it was their decision . 
  yes , though it started earlier with that during the bersiap in 1945-1946 when they killed and attacked dutch , chinese and pro-dutch indonesians as well as kept running the japanese internment camps . 
  estimates as to the amount of dutch and pro-dutch people they killed varies from 3500 to 35000 . 
  he has been a subject of that before when he spend eu funds for his personal campaign to become commission president . 
  damn asian-germans , and they only had to pay for it with the kuril islands . 
  i 'm guessing the jokes in ` weert ' . 
  it 's an old fashioned way of saying ` weren ' ( avert ) . 
  yea , for 300 years . 
  until japan came . 
   also a lot of people from suriname if you consider suriname only has the population of luxemburg . 
  the uk has a lot of indians , we have a lot of indonesians . 
  that 's a result of the past naturally . 
  many fled indonesia in the late 1940s and 1950s . 
  it was n't really occupied by vikings . 
   the frisian coastal areas were partly occupied by danish vikings in the 840s , until these were expelled between 885 and 920 . 
  recently , it been suggested that the vikings did not conquer frisia , but settled peacefully in certain districts ( such as the islands of walcheren and wieringen ) , where they built simple forts and cooperated and traded with the native frisians . 
  one of their leaders was rorik of dorestad . 
  the 1940s to 1960s was n't our finest hour , but let 's not get ahead ourselves . 
  it was no congo or ethiopia . 
  alright , i suppose i 'm not an organization involved with these sorts of things . 
  the highest building is 165m though , the highest building in warzaw is 237m , and they 're constructing one of 310m . 
  i would n't really call 165m a ` skyscraper ' . 
  what skyscraper ? 
   and tax optimisation . . ( glosses at pale dutch flair ), 
  no , africa 's nominal gdp is 2265 billion dollars [ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_african_countries_by_gdp_ ( nominal ) ) , the benelux is about 1500 billion dollars nominal . 
  it 's not too far off though . 
  it looked better in 1648 . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/holy_roman_empire#/media/file:holy_roman_empire_1648.svg ), 
  it 's a bit confusing , but they asked for asylum in belgium , netherlands and germany , not just germany . 
  i ca n't really find specific numbers , only that the number of turkish asylum claims in the netherlands have risen from 50 in 2015 to 235 in 2016 .
