  holland does n't have military spending , only the kingdom of the netherlands as a whole does , and it 's decreasing , not increasing . 
  hardly weaponize . 
  since the cold war about 80-90 % of the dutch defense force has been resigned . 
  they do , but they 're limited , that 's why troops facing deployment get priority with live-fire training , and troops not facing deployment often lack bullets for live-fire training . 
  that 's a normal consequence of having both a government that does n't want to spend money on it , but still contribute to international prestige operations . 
  the forces have essentially been cannibalized . 
  do this and that , oh and we 're stripping you of another billion euro in the meanwhile . 
  what to do ? 
  well if you do n't have parts for that jeep , just salvage the one next to it . 
  i 'm not sure boskalis can create islands in 3-5km deep water with tides and currents . 
  scotland ? 
  i mean to london i could understand , but what 's in scotland ? 
   you ca n't possibly tell me someone managed to convince farmers to buy futures for what is essentially high-salinity land . 
  the lands could be desalinated and farm-ready in 2 years . 
  but the water is fresh water now , the sea was changed into a lake by shutting it of and flowing fresh water rivers into them . 
  it 's been a process spanning centuries with different reasons . 
  turning swamps into farmland yields profit . 
  then there 's been defense throughout the centuries , and later more work was needed to protect people 's livelihood . 
  it was either building large dikes or seeing thousands of people die and lose their property over the years . 
  that work made it easier to do this , these lakes have no tides ( except a bit from the wind ) and we can control the water level . 
  i mean this project despite being 100km2 only costs a couple of dozen million euro . 
  nothing , it will strictly be recreational and natural . 
  it will have a port for sailers and people on the water and hiking trails . 
  it 's not in the north sea , but in the former southern sea . 
  it 's a lake now though after the construction of the afsluitdijk . 
  no they 're * creating * wetlands . 
  much of it will be swamps with willow forests and reed fields , as well as submerged landscapes for fish . 
  the lake is currently a dead moddy pool . 
  the islands are intended to clean the water by letting wind/currents deposit slik on them , and offering place for bird and fish nests which are otherwise hard to come by due to the articifial shores of the lake . 
  the picture shows the work in progress of the first island . 
  eventually the islands are planned to cover 1/7th of the markermeer ( 700km2 ) , and will be one the biggest natural projects ever conducted in western europe . 
  that 's because they bought a drone called ` euro hawk ' . 
  it was doomed from the start . 
  the dutch mq-9 's should be operational this year though , and germany just decided to buy the triton as replacement for the euro hawks . 
  the netherlands has 4 mq-9 reapers . 
  but they 're not armed ( yet ) i think . 
  ( used for recon ), 
  do they have the bracelets yet ? 
  they can , the eu is a common market which negotiates trade deals on the memberstates ' behalf . 
  not one broom was harmed in the making of this video . 
  of course it can change , but the us-european relations run deep . 
  things change , but up does n't suddenly become down , and left does n't become right just like that . 
  what have they done ? 
  give away free gas masks for all urban citizens ? 
  do tests with fish populations to see which one can survive in acidic rivers , or buy ukrainian farmland to avoid having to eat the whole alphabet in chemicals at breakfast ? 
  because if living in an industrial powerhouse means you ca n't walk the streets without a rebreather you lot should all move because i prefer to be not an industrial powerhouse . 
   i feel like this is a fatal flaw in the european psyche , considering nothing can be achieved without power . 
  everything else you mentioned in your post ; jobs , healthcare , education , infrastructure and safety can be attained provided you have power . 
  without it , you ca n't have anything . 
  that 's why luxemburg , liechtenstein , even ireland is a better place to live than the uk or france , the two most powerful countries in the eu . 
  the other top candidates ? 
  switzerland , sweden , norway , finland , starting to notice a trend here ? 
  what you call power is an outdated instrument that has become an illusion , nobody posseses it anymore , instead it has become an abstract argument . 
  power is marching soldiers down a beach , not ` striking the best fta ' and ending up with a poorer economy than a city sized state anyway . 
  the us has been the best thing that happened to europe in a very long time . 
  i do n't see them as any different than the rest of the europeans . 
  their bonds to the ` old continent ' are strong , historically , ethnically , linguistically , economically and culturally . 
  i 'm fine with that , we 've all seen what the french and german alternative looked like , and i vote for the americans with both hands and feet without a sliver of doubt . 
  these ` interests ' are n't for the common good , rather to the detriment of them . 
  depends where you 're coming from . 
  it 's not really a statement that 's either right or wrong , more one which you support or do not support . 
  that has been a strategic goal in some circles for a while to merge europe with mena . 
   sutherland and malmstr\u00f6m also argue in the above article that `` last year , during the arab revolutions , the eu missed a historic opportunity to begin weaving together the two sides of the mediterranean . '' sutherland is also quoted as arguing that opposition to greater globalisation is `` morally indefensible '' most prominent people in favour of merging europe with africa and the middle east are cecilia malmstr\u00f6m , peter sutherland , and federica mogherini . 
  they seem to be making a lot of success lately . 
  the indonesians were our own people , just like the surinamers . 
  that 's a different situation . 
  we only had issues with molukkers , but that was our own fault . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/treinkaping_bij_de_punt ), 
  schulz is only interested in power . 
  the people of europe are n't interested in power , or being a world power for that matter . 
  schulz would be glad to lead a world power , but the people are more interested in jobs , healthcare , education , infrastructure and safety . 
  there 's no correlation between international power and those things , the happiest of countries are the smallest and least powerful ones , because they do not sacrifice their elementary needs and wants in exchange for power and influence . 
  d66 is closer to vvd than to gl , that and the gl is n't going to be a big party . 
  they 're polling at about the same as the pvda 12-14 seats . 
  it 's just that the demographic on reddit is predominantly gl orientated , which is n't a reliable reflection of dutch society . 
  maybe we should 've indeed , but that was n't our call . 
  for future enlargement we should 've referendums . 
  i do n't know , you 'll have to overcome the depth initially , the erosion on the long term , and a conflict over the fishing ground too . 
  the british part seems best suited for all of that , but the dutch part would be second best , it 's shallower than the german/dk part . 
  unfortunately such an island would not give us a 12 nautical miles zone . 
  not really , they 're both mass unbridled migration and should be stopped . 
  for 4 years under the occupation of france . 
  if you want to call it like that , be my guest . 
  but that 's not the name anymore than we call france the vichy government . 
  except i never said portugal and spain were against the quotas . 
  alright afonso . 
   compromised to help every refugee that the eu asked for and the only reason we have n't receive them is because of eu 's bureaucratic process not our unwillingness to receive them . 
  so you admit that you have n't reached the quota 's yet call the notion ` bullshit ' . 
  it 's not the eu 's fault by the way , the migrants do n't want to go to spain or portugal . 
  i know you know guys try everything , but they just do n't like the iberian peninsula . 
  probably , the state fleet had 5 admiralties , 3 from holland , 1 from friesland and 1 from zeeland . 
  the republic at the time was a confederacy , and consisted out of 7 netherlandses and 1 netherlands without representation ( too poor to pay taxes ) as well as some federal lands not part of the 8 provinces , holland was the most populous and a coastal province , so if anybody asked where he/she came from he/she would probably say ` holland ' . 
  ironically the name ` holland ' was invented by a frisian count , and just means ' a place where wood grows ' . 
  in other words a forest . 
  i guess throughout time the name got a bad sentiment to it . 
  ( we 're traditionally pretty provincialist ) and after we united into a unitary state one-name is just better , and that is ` nederland ' , or ` netherlands ' in english . 
  transfer/switching station of national nets to manage supply to and from all north-sea countries . 
  i assume they 'll be big turbines , when it comes to producing turbines we have lagerwey wind and wes left , but both are n't experienced in large offshore turbines . 
  ( the latter is updating older models of the former ) though lagerwey is investing in both larger turbines ( 160m , 4mw ) as well as offshore and is recently doing quite well , they 're also exporting turbines to finland now . 
  683 islamists that is .
