  go through belgium , it 's quicker . 
  you can leave them there , if you do n't construct another electrical fence the belgians will bring them to us . 
   the glorious revolution , also called the revolution of 1688 , was the overthrow of king james ii of england ( james vii of scotland ) it was a military campaign . 
   with the dutch stadtholder william iii of orange . 
  with 40.000 soldiers and 463 ships , twice the size of the spanish armada . 
   our contribution to esa and our space program are largely the same thing ; yet it 's not . 
  part of it goes to the esa , part of it to our participation in the iss , part of it to our sattelites . 
  you 're the ones that do n't want to join the euro . 
  i get it developed countries like sweden and denmark dread the euro , but for countries like poland , the baltics or romania it provides a massive benefit . 
  the stability , trust , competitive advantage it would give you , it should be a no-brainer . 
  ` kay , solid logic . 
  they should be punished for that for once . 
  opening up old wounds i see , how productive . 
  i suppose this inquiry is n't going to look at the genocide that preceded dutch military intervention either . 
  no , you 're eastern europe . 
  8th really , the eu is n't a country and includes us . 
  you could argue 7th , because hong kong is n't a country either . 
  the netherlands has its own space program as well , it can only be spend once . 
  the budget to the esa was recently also severely cut due to austerity . 
  militarily occupied regions like crimea and northern cyprus should be embargoed indefinite until the occupation force goes home . 
  true , membership is more political than economical . 
  saudi arabia is a member , despite only being half the economy of the netherlands for its oil of course . 
  turkey is a member , despite being economically smaller than the netherlands . 
  and then we 're talking strictly about raw economic output , if we look at the purpose of the g20 , international cooperation , the netherlands is the 5th biggest trading economy in the world . 
  makes even less sense to include turkey who 's only export is a copy of an italian t-shirt , or saudi arabia who 's only craft is pumping up some black drib from the ground . 
   poland have nothing in common with belarus , russia and ukraine other than being post commie states . 
  poland has as much in common with ukraine as we have with france or spain . 
  that means we would n't be able to use any geographical names in europe anymore . 
  not yet , but i 'm confident they will some day . 
   a what now ? 
   estec ( european space research and technology centre ) is the largest space center in europe , it 's located in noordwijk . 
  there are operations there because of fiscal reasons but that 's another debate . 
  no , that 's why they have an office building in paris , but the actual work in other countries . 
  the netherlands has a bit of an odd relationship with the g20 , while being the 17th largest economy in the world we 're not a member , but we were invited the first years to each summit until there were political games involving military commitment to missions in iraq/afghanistan . 
  the last couple of years we were n't invited , but with german being the next host it seems we are invited again . 
  sounds like a cozy guy . 
  an invitation for which william brought 40.000 troops and 463 ships with him . 
  it was hardly a dinner party they were attending . 
  that was more due to spite , what the british did n't achieve militarily they achieved by doing nothing . 
  with the dutch conquest of the british throne all financial and economical prestige moved to the uk . 
  the 18th century was a very rough period for the republic , ending up in the humiliation of the 4th anglo-dutch war but ultimately into french occupation of the dutch republic ( 1795-1812 ) . 
   netherlands : why did the netherlands sell new york ? 
  history 101 ; in 1664 the british invaded new netherlands ( the dutch colony on the us east coast ) , in response the netherlands invaded and occupied british guyana ( modern day guyana and suriname ) a year later the netherlands won the second dutch-british war and concluded the peace of breda but this did not handle either new netherlands or british guyana . 
  8 years later ( 1672 ) england , france , and some german bisdoms invaded the netherlands , the british navy was sunk , the french land forces were repelled and the germans retreated , meanwhile the netherlands had invaded and reoccupied new netherlands and when the french refused to sign the peace treaty the netherlands invaded and occupied french canada as well . 
  2 years later a final agreement was drafted where new netherlands was given to england and british guyana to the netherlands . 
  the british then renamed the colony to ` new york ' . 
  it was traded because it had been british for a few years and british guyana was much more valuable at the time . 
  consequently in 1688 william of orange conquered england and put an end to a long lasting rivalry between the netherlands and england . 
  the netherlands has the largest space center in europe , a high-tech industry and excellent infrastructure , makes sense to have operations here . 
  they are competing , and without state aid on our side . 
  we would be foolish to waste our taxes on their competitor . 
  i remember that , it 's [ the program that caught a ufo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pndjpdz9opu ) on tape . 
  we do , just not when the subject is actually facing the death penalty . 
  says the mediterranean belgian . 
  you realize that even though you 'll sit back , they 'll blame you guys right ? 
  not quite there yet . 
  try google . 
  and here i was thinking this is why they used flairs . 
  but not for us , so there 's that . 
   i guess im just too much of a pessimist and im not expecting eu politicians to be sensible about this anymore ... 
  i ca n't blame you after the past years . 
  everybody seems to think he/she needs a very extreme and strong opinion about matters they know nothing about . 
   hey , i agree , the problem is it 's not that easy to implement . 
  and if we 're being honest we already know that 's not going to happen because politicians are too soft on this issue . 
  so now the question remains ... how do you deal with the shit on your doorstep ? 
  if we 're not going to send them home then we should all absolve the border , we all hand over our passports and id 's , and the law of the land is accountible to anyone that happens to be around here . 
  it was unmanned luckily . 
  the iss is also prepared for this , they 'll have enough supplies until they launch the next rocket . 
  shit happens , and in this case nobody got hurt . 
  they should recieve nothing , that 's the point . 
  no school , no welfare , only a plane ticket home . 
   but it is true that wasting a million in your country is better , why ? 
  that 's not the case though . 
  we make some of the things ourselves , our ships , helicopters , trucks , armourded vehicles , everything that we have to import it does n't matter whether it comes from italy , france or the us . 
  so just pick the best option . 
   creating that kind of minority is dangerous . 
  educating them is as well , you 'll just lure more . 
  now that would be a reason for a russian invasion . 
  seems counter productive . 
   she backed draconian plans to push the sons and daughters of illegal immigrants down to the bottom of the list for school places . 
  they 're illegal immigrants , they 're not even allowed to find a job . 
  hollande is the president of the french republic . 
  not to be mistaken by two provinces of the netherlands called north and south holland . 
  meanwhile slovakia is gobbling up all the money from that evil scandinavia and uk like a whore . 
  but go ahead , tell us how evil they are for giving you money and opening their homes to you . 
  it is , naturally the us has delivered the biggest contribution , but it is an international cooperation indeed . 
  the netherlands is also a tier 2 development partner together with italy , and will become a heavy engine maintenance facility for the european fleet . 
  so people claiming claiming this was a bad deal because it 's an american plane are out of their mind , this was a good deal for us . 
  we do , but all the money will be going to dcns . 
  that 's just the nature of the eu . 
  besides we build good ships by having competitive companies , not by handing over state money . 
  it is true some sectors hold strategic value , but it is to no value for us wether it is inside or outside europe as long as it 's not our own . 
  and we ca n't have everything on our own , so we pick the best option , that 's usually the us . 
  strategically the us is also a better option than for example france , because we 've more in common with the us , they 're also a more important and influential partner to us . 
   the only recent one i recall is that airplane we recieved more turnover in orders for domestic industry than we spend on the whole project . 
  that 's a good return on investment , much better then footing the bill for european protectionism . 
   well unlike france the low countries did n't bother developing their own tech that much/at all . 
  we hardly have capabilties to produce the required hardware . 
   we did ( not belgium , but we did ) , unlike france we prefer an open economy . 
  companies were bought , merged , got competitors .
