   i 'm sorry but that 's nonsense , what you 're saying is nonsense . 
  you can trade without bribing , especially such minor economies as the east are n't worth a dime . 
   i would also like to see where your 400 $ per year figure comes from [ 1 ] ( http://money-go-round.eu/yearchart.ashx?year=2015&amp;method=pc )  although even if it would amount to that it would be more than worth it for the netherlands . 
  of course , since nothing would matter to you , you made up what you believe in and the rest you ignore . 
   how luxemburg managed to escape this though . 
  because luxemburg has some eu institutions ( ecj for example ) which recieve , relative to their gni/gnp/gdp , a large amount of funding from brusselgrad . 
   government just bad at negotiating this . 
  the british would up there with us if they had an incompetent government like us with no regard for its electorate , but they negotiated their rebate . 
  ( which we pay extra for ), 
  of course the people on the receiving side would say this . 
  bottom line is there are vastly more important markets we can trade with without bribing them with cohesional funds . 
  everything 's for sale at the right price . 
  without this it would be even cheaper . 
  it 's a major loss of course , over 400 euro per capita per year . 
  loads of better things we could do with that . 
   which neglects the remaining 81 % that did n't vote . 
  100-32 ,2 is not 81 . 
  regardless they were just as allowed to vote , they just did n't have an opinion and agreed with either outcome . 
  we can make voting mandatory , because none of our institutions are endorsed by everybody , but we chose to listen to the people that vote , and those that do n't want to , can stay at home and leave it to those that do . 
  again ? 
  it 's getting boring , we need a new arch rival to make it more exciting again . 
  you promised to only do that if the icc would convict an american . 
  but you realize these tanks are residing in our halls right ? 
  without personnel to operate them . 
  pack it up lads , the netherlands has tanks again . 
  and not ones with higher emissions than reported , but real abrahams this time . 
  no 61,2 % , the rest does n't matter . 
  mr poroshenko said the deal would be signed anyway , wether the dutch agreed or not . 
  what happened to his self-esteem since his visit here ? 
  since no alterations were made to the treaty , i suspect it will strand in the senate , if not before that in parliament . 
   instead , they were promised that if they agreed to the eu-ukraine association agreement , that this did not guarantee eu membership to ukraine :  no such promises are made , the addendums are n't even legally binding . 
  free storage for the us now that they 're no longer needed , inside acclimatized halls . 
  seems like a win-win for the us . 
  hard to say , they 're going to have their first election in + / -3 months . 
  they could get quite a lot of votes . 
  it 's 61,2 % of 32,2 % . 
  even convicted and imprisoned criminals , so i 've heard . 
   it works as a stimulus poor greeks , people have been lying to them for years . 
  rutte is n't , deal needs to pass parliament and senate now . 
   do you even have any clue how long it took to negotiate this aa ? 
   it does n't matter , sunk costs be sunk costs . 
   that never should be subject to public approval . 
  you 're not the one deciding that mr stalin ii . 
   no , people advised the current government not to take the current deal . 
  correct , so making a new deal would 've been possible . 
  unfortunately it was not considered . 
   there has never been a mandate to not make deals with the ukraine . 
  in response to the advice , rutte got a deal that solved the major fears of the no-campaign . 
  there 's no deal . 
  nothing changed . 
   did they ? 
  yes . 
   because the admission from the opposition was a blunt `` it was not about ukraine , it was about the eu '' . 
  your interpretation of what a person on facebook said is irrelevant . 
  the question on the ballot was pretty clear , i should now , because i actually answered it . 
   of course he did nothing according to you . 
  because he did nothing . 
  just listen for one second , rutte before referendum ;  treaty will not guarantee membership of ukraine rutte after referendum ;  eu leaders pledge treaty will not guarantee membership of ukraine that 's it folks , he ` negotiated ' months for this , a grand deal . 
   nothing could have possibly pleased you short of no deal at all . 
  that 's what people voted for after all . 
  i would personally support a revised treaty , but it would actually need , you know , some revisions . 
   apparently people are not happy with this , despite the concessions . 
  go figure , he did nothing . 
  but while doing nothing was n't even man enough to admit he did nothing . 
  it 's the worst of both worlds . 
  either you listen to the referendum or you do n't , he does n't , but pretends he does . 
  now it 's hoping parliament will not pass the treaty . 
  it 's not about the 2 elected politicians . 
  it 's about the turkish embassy , government and diyanet . 
   how many countries that spent under 2 % were in afghanistan ? 
  15 give or take . 
  france , italy , netherlands , bulgaria , belgium , spain , canada , australia , germany , turkey , poland , denmark etc. 
   turkey plays and important role in west-mena relations.cold war being over does n't chanhe the fact that turkey is a birdge between middle east and europe and can negotiate with both sides easier then other countries . 
   and it 's better to have no bridge to mena , nothing of value there except some oil , which will come through egypt . 
   since the guy in the quote is literally a minister for pvda !, 
  probably why he 's doing nothing about it . 
   mentioned this below . 
  turkish general elections have a turnout rate of over 80 % . 
  so a handful are integrated . 
   good thing you 're not the dutch pm then . 
  the diyanet is the main reason turks in europe do not fall under wahhabi influence and money . 
  wahhabi 's or diyanet influence and money , potato , potato . 
   the turnout rates were significantly lower in europe compared to turkey the turnout rate was 50 % , extremely high . 
   diyanet i heard about it in the news yesterday , all relations with turkey should be severed , the diyanet , embassy and all the other subversive organisations one way to schiphol and gtfo . 
  both are placed under ` semi-detached ' here . 
  the graph does not differentiate between them . 
  no it 's not . 
  egypt is important , saudi arabia is important , turkey is irrelevant . 
  some just place strongman erdogan on a pedestal because they 're scared shitless of him . 
  i get that you try to sweet talk it , but i 've no interest in clouding reality to feel better . 
  50 % is a normal voter turnout , that means more turks vote for the turkish parliament than dutch vote for their own municipality or european parliament . 
  it indicates these people are by and large nearly all turkish citizens except for the fact they live here , and that they 're politically even more extreme than the real turkish society . 
  both the 50 % that voted , the 30 % that voted for akp , as well as nearly everybody else , as elections never have 100 % voter turnout . 
   which makes me wonder if the graph is including terraced homes under the title `` semi-detached '' since terraces are in abundance in both the netherlands and the uk . 
  yes they do class terraced homes as semi-detached . 
  ( 40 % of the dutch homes are ` terraced ' according to local sources , this corresponds with the graph ) it says about 60 % is semi-detached , 40 % of that is terraced , and 20 % is ` twee-onder-\u00e9\u00e9n-kapwoning ' ( two houses under one roof ), 
  [ 1 ] ( http://www.metronieuws.nl/nieuws/binnenland/2016/04/nergens-zoveel-steun-voor-erdogan-als-in-nederland ) it 's actually 69 % , 70 % if you round of properly ( 69,66 % ) and 270.000 eligible to vote , of which 50 % voted . 
  that 's a massive turnout . 
  not surprising , during the massive construction boom in the 1950/60s it was all ` rijtjeshuizen ' ( semi-detached ) . 
  [ example of ] ( http://images0.tcdn.nl/binnenland/article25568676.ece/binary/u/jtjeshuizen_met_oranje_daken.jpg ) a typical 50s/60s era neighbourhood today .
