  that seems like a plausible explanation . 
  it 's not an easy job being a pm . 
  that seems very far fetched . 
  and why would they then pretend to be islamists ? 
  perhaps it is not isis linked , but iranian , or just general saudi terrorism . 
  but as i mentioned i do n't see a clear motive here . 
  it does not bare the hallmark of an isis-linked attack ( baring in mind that those are quite frequently ` lone-wolf ' attacks ) but it 's highly unlikely to be hooligan related , not they are n't prone to violence , but they 're the big group on group violent type of guys with bats and fireworks as the worst weapons . 
  it 's equally highly unlikely to be far right , sure there are far right attacks , mostly fire bombs on ( often still empty ) asylum centers , but why would they target a football bus ? 
  and they never use explosives ( ied ) like these . 
  anarchists ? 
  perhaps , but not very likely . 
  all in all , it 's just wierd . 
  ramstein airbase is an important base of operations for american war efforts in the middle east and africa . 
  regardless i 'm having issues distilling any clear motive from the attack . 
  things do n't seem to add up from whatever way you look at it . 
   except germany builds one of the best and most popular main battle tanks , one of many . 
   has a very good self propelled artillery system , without depleted uranium shells or cluster munitions , these weapons are useless against a functioning army . 
   technologically , germany is basically as advanced as it gets outside of the us and probably on the level of the us in some fields of military technology . 
  germany is technologically decades behind . 
  there 's nothing modern or advanced in the german army , it has yet to even a use a drone . 
  flowers are a major export product . 
  ask the vatican for example . 
  in 2016 the netherlands exported 5,7 billion euro in flowers . 
  there are turks everywhere . 
  there would be on the moon if airplanes could fly there . 
  turkey has that effect on people . 
  mohammed bouyeri added a letter to a filleting knife he left in theo van gogh aimed at ayaan hirsi ali . 
  so while a note is not customary , it would n't be the first time . 
  high-tech engineering is n't their forte . 
  their old borders offered a significantly better military position . 
  [ example here pre-austrian/sudetenland anschluss ] ( https://www.ushmm.org/lcmedia/map/lc/image/ger19010.gif ) just like the cyprus base area 's do to the uk . 
  66 million [ 1 ] ( http://www.populstat.info/europe/germanyc.htm ) which was more than france ( 42 million ) [ 2 ] ( http://www.populstat.info/europe/francec.htm ) and relatively a larger difference than it is today . 
  and more than the uk ( 47 million [ 3 ] ( http://www.populstat.info/europe/unkingdc.htm ) ) not to mention they had millions of germans in czechia/poland/romania / austria at that time . 
  but it 's not just population wise that germany has become relatively smaller , it 's by actual size as well . 
  germany was bigger then though , and had large foreign communities . 
  germany is smaller now , and all their communities were kicked from their homes in the late '40s . 
  ( czech republic , poland , romania etc ), 
  no doubt that helps , but all in all greece has a stronger army than germany on every metric . 
  and that for less than 1/5th of the price . 
  germans are too lazy , money wo n't help either , they need substantial reforms and some greek ~ ~ frugalism ~ ~ militarism . 
   which drones ? 
  the eurohawk . 
  germany tried slightly modifying an israeli/american drone , cost 1,1 billion euro , nearly crashed into a civilian airliner , and could not achieve the necessary permit to be allowed to fly . 
  the project is scrapped now . 
   i 'm especially interested in the helicopter part . 
  sources are posted a reply below , but [ here 's ] ( http://aviationupdate.blogspot.nl/2015/02/german-navy-helicopter-not-fit-to-fly.html ) one for the helicopter . 
   the future german navy utility helicopter mh90 \u201a sea lion ` will not be allowed to operate over the north sea or baltic sea . 
  as a german news magazine reports , bundeswehr ( german armed forces ) conclude in an internal expertise , that the rotorcraft will not have sufficient power to meet international security requirements . 
   [ ... ]  there are said to be days with not a single rotary wing aircraft available in the german navy . 
   which includes color multifunctional lcd screens in place of monochrome crt displays , is interferring with helmet-mounted nigh-vision optical displays worn by pilots , rendering german tornado bombers deployed to syria useless for night missions . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/panavia_tornado )  eurofighter typhoon . 
  the twin-engine , canard-delta wing fighter is germany 's most modern warplane , of which it owns 109 in three different variants . 
  seventy-four were available but only 42 were deployable in 2014 ,  the 1970s-era , variable-sweep wing panavia tornado -- designed to speed past air defenses during the cold war . 
   in total , germany owned 89 tornados , had 66 available and 38 deployable in 2014 . 
  [ 2 ] ( http://nationalinterest.org/blog/the-buzz/why-germanys-air-force-dying-14549 ) so 80 deployable planes , compared to for example 230 of the greek airforce . 
   the future german navy utility helicopter mh90 \u201a sea lion ` will not be allowed to operate over the north sea or baltic sea . 
  as a german news magazine reports , bundeswehr ( german armed forces ) conclude in an internal expertise , that the rotorcraft will not have sufficient power to meet international security requirements . 
  [ 3 ] ( http://aviationupdate.blogspot.nl/2015/02/german-navy-helicopter-not-fit-to-fly.html )  the new drones will replace the euro hawk program , which berlin canceled in may 2013 after it became clear that it could cost up to 600 million euros to get the system approved for use in civil airspace . 
  [ 4 ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-germany-northrop-iduskbn16e14d ) you do actually , you 're just fooling yourself . 
  for now , yes . 
  i did n't say anything different . 
  they 're one big screw up . 
  their military is full of corruption , most of their planes do n't fly , their helicopters are n't safe and are not allowed to fly over water , their drones are n't allowed to fly at all , their bombers are so old they ca n't operate at night , etc. 
  they had young people back then though . 
  today the average german is 47 years old , making it the second oldest society on the planet . 
  ironically the few young people they have are primarily turks . 
   they will have the biggest military budget in the eu ? 
  they would , but still a worse military than france , greece or the uk . 
  regardless it 's hypothetical , germany will more likely reach 1 % than 2 . 
   i really dont know why one would  yet there are people who do . 
   one could say that guns are more dangerous than cars but im not going to argue anything and one would be wrong . 
  a car is just as effective as a weapon . 
  picked the wrong country then , france is where you need to be , germany is useless . 
  because gun enthusiasts want to follow the law . 
  the law does do something , it makes the life of law abiding citizens worse . 
  it just does n't do anything useful . 
  why would people ` fall in love ' with cars ? 
  you ca n't ban it just because it is n't your cup of tea . 
  i 'm sure he would n't mind having some aegean islands . 
  no it 's not unfair at all , this is what article 50 is for . 
  you have my blessing . 
  these base area 's are ridiculous . 
  storm the british base area 's and occupy them until they 're handed over to the republic of cyprus ? 
  is that what they call a com\u00e2r ? 
  strong enough ? 
  you want to depose erdogan with all 30 functional german aircraft ? 
  because that would make them biased . 
  they 're observers , not cnn reporters . 
  it 's pretty bad , but there are a lot more collaborators now then there were before , so they might just be succesful this time . 
  third time 's the charm i suppose . 
  no , that 's only material . 
  we lost from the euro . 
  no doubt less so than some others , but there 's no benefit to be derived from the euro except for germany . 
  i disagree completely . 
  but this is not something people can agree on , i find the notion of giving the country away on a silver platter to others just appaling , especially under the current circumstances , but we 'll do what the government does , and we 'll face the consequences of it , regardless of your or my opinion . 
  i do n't really like germany . 
  in the current situation countries like spain , france and italy can keep germany at least a little tempered , it would be suicidal to engage in such a currency union with germany alone . 
  they would eat us whole . 
  close enough , it 's in dutch belgium ( flanders ) . 
  no thanks , wind it down to germany alone then .
