  but it does n't give you a good feeling . 
  a friend of mine who was gay had a lot more problems though , he had to alter his route from work everyday because a gang was waiting for him each day to beat him up . 
  one time he was even assaulted in a hospital . 
  at the time it was a hype to throw gays in the water in amsterdam when you see them . 
  the importance of nukes as a pacifier will disappear once everybody has them . 
  it could be different in other countries . 
  we have hammered quite some years on ` more blue on the street ' , more agents employed , less office hours per agent , more agents visible on the street , the current government had a whole election campaign around it . 
  part of that is also presence at events , and they 're very present there . 
  couple of years ago there was a massive riot in haren , where they deployed 600 riot police with the sole objective to divert the ` hooligans ' from public and private property . 
  you can , as long as you do n't build nuclear weapons . 
  i 'm not saying it would , merely stating that even with its close relations with the us , canada will try and have some diversity in its relations to avoid them being completely isolated to the us . 
   and it probably is n't wise for them to position themselves as enemies of ` trumpistan ' . 
  the us is a powerful country , but that is not a natural law . 
  power only exists where people allow it to exist , you can throw back your relations with asia by burning tpp , you can throw back your relations with europe by leaving nato , you can throw back your relations with mexico with big walls , but at one point your stick is going to be imaginery . 
  that 's up to the belgians . 
  they should decide what they do with their country . 
  it 's not unlikely the country will break up at some point ( if anything , the belgian regions have drifted apart more and more recently , with more regional autonomy and regional ` nationalism ' ) but even then , such a break up could be done in several ways , and that is all up to them . 
  for my part they 're welcome to join the netherlands , but only if they want to . 
  there 's one downside though , many people think they can acquire regional autonomy ( dissolving belgium , or spain , even the netherlands-friesland ) by supporting european federalism ( because with a superstate eu you do n't need national states , the regional ones could take its place ) . 
  and that 's not an idea i find too comfortable . 
  not really , besides such an alliance should n't be limited to the eu . 
   the us and canada are way closer in relations than the us and european nato members . 
  which would be a reason for the canadians to try and keep a seat at the other table too , lest they get completely wrapped up in the warm embrace of trumpistan . 
  no you do n't . 
  in his/her defence , moscow is the largest city in europe and has more inhabitants than belgium or sweden . 
  not as much as many people point it out to be , but even so , say america withdraws from europe , europe would likely continue having a military alliance in some form , perhaps even canada would stay to avoid being too isolated . 
  if you 're after nuclear weapons , the russians have my blessing to bomb your facilities or otherwise prevent that . 
  there are too much nuclear weapons already . 
   and ? 
  just because they used the flag does n't mean it stands for those ideals . 
   i agree , but do n't you remember the controversy around the pvv using the prinsenvlag recently ? 
  if i recall correctly we even made a law after ww2 that stipulates red-white-blue is our colours and not orange because of the short but rather impactful legacy of the orange in recent history . 
  that flag is still controversial , and i do n't think it is warranted , but my opinion on the matter does n't change that of others . 
  the instability in southern netherlands made belgium from practically the richest and arguably most developed region in europe at the time to a divided and ruined one torn apart by crown , religion and violence , and basically threw everything in the lap of the dutch republic . 
  of course you 're still welcome to come share it with us after nearly 5 centuries , the map does look quite pretty would n't you agree ? 
  not particularly , i travel around the world with the money i spare from not living close to trafalgar square . 
  i find traveling through africa , south america and asia much more satisfying than living in london , or amsterdam as our version of it . 
  my other hobbies ( diving , sailing , motorcycling , hiking ) are better suited in other places too . 
  you make me much happier on a mountainbike in lac blanc than in a 26m2 600.000 pound apartment in london . 
   and our current flag is stained by slavery and genocide . 
  not really . 
  sure there 's history behind it , but let he without sin cast the first stone , and you would be walking away without a single bruise . 
  i have never heard of ` sneaky ' being a tactic , but perhaps polish authorities have a different take on it . 
  i find quality of life is usually better outside the big cities even when you earn less . 
  ( although in the netherlands the differences are pretty minor ) i would n't want to live in amsterdam again , and surely not in rotterdam or the hague . 
  paying the jackpot for a 1950s apartment with walls where the wind blows right through , having to park your car 20km 's away , the concrete jungle , grafiti , deprevation , the noise , the crime . 
  no i 'm fine in a greener region . 
  not a village person , but the edges of a medium city is where it is at . 
  on the contrary , during protests and football matches the police usually makes sure they are extra visible . 
  at least that 's policy in the netherlands , because you draw the rioters/vandals attention to the police . 
  they have shields , armour and helmets , and a rock , bottle or stick thrown at them is one not thrown at a house , public property , car or innocent bystander . 
  that 's how they managed haren too , the arressts will be made from camera footage . 
   the police is not doing its job , when it starts escalating thing so that people like you can write later : `` yeah , good job !, 
  get in there and whoop some ass ! 111 ! 1 '' . 
  nice strawman , i 'll leave it at that for you . 
  it was a belgian professor that proposed it , i think it was at that time when belgium could n't form a government for such a long time . 
  ( it 's been a while since i read it ) in practical terms it is the best idea . 
  because just considering the legality that would change , the tax laws for example and other laws would be a massive change for the belgians which not many would probably support . 
  ( people are n't too fond of change usually ) joining the kingdom pretty much nothing would change for the ordinary belgians , they would recieve a different passport and that 's it . 
  some ministries would be reoganized and others merged or closed , but these effects would be limited to the people workign there . 
  ( and many/most could probably just switch jobs to the new ministries/vacancies ), 
  if ` no-go-zones ' means ` places were the police would rather not come but does if necessary ' then sweden surely has them . 
  in fact pretty much all of western europe would have them . 
  for example in the netherlands there were two camera men who tried the concept out , do n't remember which city , but i believe it was the hague . 
  granted they were from an alt-right media that like to provoke , but to summarize , they were assaulted and locked up in their car while they were throwing all sorts of things at the car and surrounded them . 
  it took 45 minutes for the authorities ( they called multiple times ) to send in the riot police . 
  several charges later the crowd was dispersed and they were freed . 
  but of course some europeans will be too arrogant to admit it and hold up appearances ` we 're so much better than americans , it 's great , it 's fantastic ' . 
   the camera crew going with police would draw more negative attention than if they had gone without them . 
  how 's that better exactly ? 
  a neighbourhood where police with a camera ca n't come without an incident is obviously a very bad neighbourhood . 
  while it may not be a ` no-go-zone ' , let 's not pretend it 's all nice and good either . 
  the us does n't , at least not in the sense of the word that i understand from it . 
  ( i always thought no-go zones were neighbourhoods were the police did n't dare to come anymore ) the us police does n't play around like its european counterparts though , and i ca n't think of any places were that would be the case in the us . 
  i know i was n't allowed by the rental company to come in certain neighbourhoods of la with a rented car , but i did , and the police sure was there , with metal rams opening doors . 
  accountantant or financial consultant are pretty broad terms . 
  if you 're an ra accountant at pwc or senior consultant at mckinsey sure , but there 's a whole lot below there that earn average wages that ca n't afford such property . 
  ( at least not without working in london ), 
  prices will fall when immigration drops . 
  although it is likely it does with brexit and all that , it still needs to actually happen . 
  yes , we call it ` plaatsvervangende schaamte ' , in english it is called ` vicarious shame ' . 
  not really i think , but there was a belgian professor that proposed flanders to become a memberstate of the kingdom of the netherlands like curacao , sint maarten and aruba . 
  this would make the most sense if you would go about it , they would have internal autonomy , but no external . 
  foreign policy , foreign relations , military , but also debt responsibility ( and asset ) and all that would fall under the kingdom . 
  they would have the same passport as us just like the others and have the same rights . 
  ( citizens of curacao/ar . / s.m. 
  can even vote for the ep even while they 're not part of the eu , they can also emigrate to everywhere in the eea , but not vice versa ), 
  no it was after , when the german kaiser recieved asylum in the netherlands belgium argued we were complacent in ww1 and demanded they be given back the regions we gained following the belgian revolution . 
  the french denied the request . 
  ( and luckily so , because the lands would n't be given without a fight , extending ww1 , relying on an exhausted france and a germany licking its wounds ), 
  because france did n't want it to be part of the netherlands and the uk did n't want it to be part of germany or france . 
  belgium was part of the netherlands in 1815-1830 , belgium had a revolution , the netherlands send in the army , the military campaign was so succesful that the belgians pleeded in france for help . 
  france invaded belgium , the netherlands withdrew to avoid open war with france , with the exception of antwerpen . 
  the netherlands and france fought at antwerpen for 3-4 weeks until the netherlands conceded . 
  thanks to the british the following agreement was favourable for the netherlands though , we were given limburg , brabant and zeeuws vlaanderen , and modern belgium was born from the remnants . 
  ( this explains our odd borders , the british wanted a strong netherlands to counter germany , plus they had us by our balls with indonesia ) the fact that we are two countries has its origins in 1580s though , the habsburg netherlands fought a war of independence , in which the northern netherlands ( basically modern day netherlands minus the limburg , zeeuws vlaanderen and brabant as i mentioned ) threw out the spanish , but the southern netherlands did n't . 
  the southern netherlands remained spanish , and later austrian , while the dutch republic went into its golden age around the world . 
   smaller countries get more seats we do n't though , because we 're not a small country in terms of population . 
  we 're above average on our own , and together we would be more above average . 
  we would lose 1 or 2 seats , but nothing major .
