  the turks were able to move into syria after they recieved permission from russia when they apogolized for the jet and sacked their f16 pilots responsible for it . 
  prior to that turkey was n't allowed into syria anymore , and russia fighter jets and anti-air destroyers were there to ensure that was enforced . 
  if they turn against assad all the sudden turkey is going home again . 
  if only they were creative enough to figure out having 3 countries on an island the size of corsica is ridiculous . 
  turks and brits should get their paws out of there and let the cypriots have their own country . 
  you downvoted me first , i then return the favor , now you have an upvote as well . 
  wikileaks is journalism , it 's literally the modern ` watergate-type journalism ' . 
   they want watergate-type journalists , but will not pay a penny for the medium because journalists apparently can survive from thin air and well-wishes . 
  that 's not true , just look at wikileaks . 
  thing is such journalists end up in a us prison camp , dead , or ` voluntarily ' zip their lips with a gag order . 
  when all you 're allowed to report about is trivial stories you 're not getting your funding willingly from readers . 
  i 'm not , relocation scheme 's would benefit us as we 're one of those countries they will go to when there 's no such scheme . 
  so it 's a good idea to try your best at getting it of the ground . 
  so he can be free ? 
  is that what you call a punishment ? 
  you 're talking about a country that 60 years still gave forced chemical castration for gays and still has unelected church bishops in government . 
  the uk is n't exactly an example of social liberty or progress . 
   are a lot lower than the netherlands for example . 
  yes but the dutch taxes on cars are unique , nobody has that anymore and the commission even said it 's along the lines of illegal and disturbing to the market . 
  ( of course our government is only listening to the eu when it does n't affect their own income ), 
  i am from the north , car said it was -3 this morning . 
  pff -3 this morning , that 's not cold . 
  -20 is cold . 
   i fear that they will take part in it though . 
  they will , but it will only be a case of europe burning its bridges . 
  the imf is by and large controlled by the eu , but it 's betting all this influence on the greek program , because all the others are fed up with having to run after the eurozone . 
  even the us has started to mingle in the leadership of the imf ( which was traditionally a position given to europe , in exchange for the us having the worldbank ) we 're either going to make the imf irrelevant if we continue like this because members are ditching or replacing it , or force our own hand to stand aside soon regarding leadership and foreign influence . 
  only if the french stay out of it this time , damn french taking our antwerpen . 
  the law has exceptions , one of them being protective clothing in case of extreme temperatures . 
  but it rarily gets cold here . 
   we need to recognise we need to recognize nothing , if they ca n't leave their home without covering their face they better get vitamin d supplements or a large wallet to decrease our budget deficit . 
   ( more women staying at home , if women are n't allowed to leave their home without covering their face then that 's a problem , one we should not accodomate . 
  it was in the news a couple of weeks ago . 
  it 's old news , somebody at independent just woke up and found it . 
  only of the english sources , they 're mediocre at best . 
  best source is news in local language , throw it through g. translate . 
  no you ca n't . 
  citizens of eu members in overseas territories that are not part of the eu are still eu citizens . 
   eu citizenship is a separate thing , it 's not , it 's just an extension of your citizenship of an eu memberstate . 
   though you can only get it ( afaik ) by being a national of an eu member . 
  you can only get it by being a national of an eu memberstate . 
   why would he have referred to the language ? 
  because my comment accidently started with that , and he responded to it . 
  that ... was hilarious , have an upvote . 
  that makes sense , but i think it 's too complicated to relay that in the title . 
  sorry i misunderstood you , i thought you were continuing on the language family part , but you mean the name . 
  yes the name france has a germanic origin . 
  i would 've left out the ` in the local language ' part . 
  just ` etymological origin of country names ' should probably do it , the ` translated to english ' is a bit redundant . 
  you mentioned ` in the local language ' in the title . 
  it 's pretty unclear with that title . 
  they adopted the latin language though . 
  the country is named after the franks , but they were n't the only ones when they arrived . 
  for all intends and purposes french is a romance language . 
  yes / u/allnamestaken _ fuck already mentioned that before his vote count took a turn for the worst . 
  the title is a bit misleading . 
  i do n't know , i upvoted you , but i think more felt for the same trap . 
  the title maybe should 've been more clear . 
   well , you did beat us in actual prosperity . 
  and education , health and personal freedom . 
   but we both beat sweden , high five !, 
  most important part of course . 
  gulf of finland-north sea union when ? 
   it 's about the heritage of the name and belgium seems to have celtic roots for its name . 
  you 're on to something , it looked wierd at first . 
   and france is mixed roman and germanic as i know . 
  it 's roman . 
  they 're named after a germanic tribe ( franks ) , but they took over way more of the latin language ( pretty much everything ) than of the germanic languages . 
  france is romance , and belgium is germanic and romance not celtic . 
  macedonia is slavic not greek . 
  molvoda is romance , not germanic . 
  russia is slavic , belarus is not half germanic . 
  the longer you look at this map the more ridiculous it becomes . 
  well somebody screwed up , belgians speak dutch and french yet they 're celtic , and france is germanic ? 
   feel german the only thing german there is the language on remnants of an electrical fence which killed more people than the berlin wall . 
  maybe you should take a look at the map again . 
   how do governments manage to work there ? 
  how do officials communicate ? 
   they cooperate . 
   for example , if a building or road belong to two countries , how do they solve problems ? 
  for buildings the door determines the country it is in . 
  it 's possible 75 % of the building is in belgium , but if the door is in the netherlands the whole home de facto is . 
  locals have actually moved their front door to change the country they live in . 
   if somethings that belongs to two countries at the same time must be fixed , they have different budgets and officials since they live in different countries , how they do it ? 
  [ you do it like this ] ( http://www.blikopnieuws.nl/sites/default/files/styles/nieuws-full-tn/public/artikel/snelweg2-blikopnieuws_0.jpg?itok=jg_ukyqw ) . 
  in case it 's hard to read the blue sign says ` netherlands ' and start of 130 km/h zone . 
  ( we 're faster than belgians ), 
  if it works , it could be a precedent though . 
  for example we could swap baarle-hertog for castelre , and overstag for antwerpen . 
  that 's not what they said , is it . 
   `` it will be ** easier for italy to approve laws ** to allow gay couples to adopt , '' would n't that be related to the reforms ? 
   `` our constitution is beautiful , '' she explains , `` so i will vote no in the referendum to protect it . 
  also , if no wins , mr renzi will go home and finally italians will have new elections and then maybe things will change and i can go home . '', 
  you 're also doing this one too short . 
  oh my , a slip of the misogynist tongue , sorry . 
  did n't want to oppress gender identity on skirt-wearers . 
   ukraine is 100 % european , see - the european union - does it ring a bell ? 
  cyprus is 100 % asian , turkey is 90 % asian . 
  the former is a member , the latter a candidate . 
  so much for ` european ' .
