   als note that it 's called the ` dutch disease ' because some countries wasted their natural wealth on welfare programs or other nonsense instead of investing it . 
  it 's not . 
   the norwegians did the opposite , so let 's call that the ` norwegian cure ' . 
  the norwegians do nothing else than export natural wealth , they could n't possibly suffer from the dutch disease in the first place . 
  it 's not really honest to mention nigeria , there were leaks due to people detroying pipelines to steal oil from it . 
  not really something you can blame shell with . 
  it 's not . 
  if we stop exporting we have enough economical reserves to last us up to about 2045 . 
  and even then it 's not empty , it would just require alternative measures of extraction . 
  ( in fact at that point it would be about 50 % depleted ), 
  yes , after 50 years of extracting from the largest gas well in europe , which still is the largest gas reserves in the eu ( the netherlands has the most gas in the whole of the eu ) the pressure in the well has gotten so low that the soil is collapsing underneath . 
  resulting in tons of earthquakes each year which have damaged many farms , houses , ( mostly severed walls , cracked chimneys , or even walls that would fall over without support , just google ` aardbevingsschade groningen ' ) now even if we were to stop pumping up gas completely , these earth quakes will remain for a long time . 
  so there 's no easy solution here , but reducing production is what we 're doing right now . 
  that said , we can reduce production by about 53 % if we simply stop exporting gas . 
  then we have our own gas , we 're reliant on nobody for imports , and that gives us some time to slowly reduce our own consumption by replacing it with renewables . 
  domestic consumption is only part of it , we export [ 53 % ] ( http://aardgas-in-nederland.nl/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/aardgasproductie-en-verbruik-in-nederland-2014.png ) of the gas we produce . 
  better solution is to halt exports and only drill up gas for our own use . 
  we ca n't , because we 've made groningen an earthquake zone and people are pretty angry . 
  it 's politically unfeasible to maintain current gas production . 
  forgot to mention that the british protectorate of antwerpen was only a transitional state before annexation by the netherlands . 
   i do n't see how people do n't see why he is popular - he is advocating for what the people want - less muslims , at least hardline muslims . 
  is it really that alien to imagine that people do n't want to see less of their ethnos ( or religion ) , and more of another , especially if that ethnos ( or religious adherents ) dresses in ways that scream '' foreigner , i do not abide by your values '' ? 
  hijab and other traditional muslim clothing wearing women have always creeped the fuck out of me in western countries , not because i 'm an '' islamophobe '' , but because it 's an outwards display of the fact that there are extremelly backwards unintegrated muslim men and women , who abide by the laws of a very backwards culture influenced by a backwards religion . 
  and they want to show it - because clothing is marketing of your values and lifestyle , choices . 
  the sentiment is so strong he does n't even need to campaign to get a substantial amount of votes . 
  i agree with what you said , i wo n't vote for him , but i see the demographic shift as a form of societal deprivation and am appalled by all those liars pretending how ` good ' and ` improving ' , ` enriching ' and how ' 21st century ' it is to ruine your homeland . 
  unfortunately geert wilders is the only person who wants to talk about this , though i suspect if somebody more reasonable would he/she would be assassinated again . 
  it is the will of the powers that be , and i guess we 'll have to endure it . 
  they do n't encourage traffickers , they * are * traffickers . 
   and a lot depends on things that i simply have no visibility into , like politics in individual members . 
  neither do we . 
  one of the major failings of the eu is the desire to do everything behind closed doors . 
  sometimes things leak , some things they find okay to partially share , but mostly we have no idea what happens behind the doors of the council . 
  there 's no media present , there are no transcript , some gatherings ( like the eurogroup ) legally do n't even exist , and are therefor not subject to codes of conduct or oversight . 
  the journalist is american , not northern european . 
  no we would n't . 
  we 're not a small country in the first place , we 're the 8th most populous memberstate out of 28 . 
  exporting unemployment , poverty and crime to others i see , what a great and sensible solution . 
  i hope britains ' borders are still open by then . 
  petty you could n't come up with anything better than that . 
  yes but we 're not a small country , and influence is not determined by the number of seats we get . 
  which would be reduced by about 2 if we would merge . 
  hardly a game changer in a parliament with 751 members which does n't have legislative initiative anyway . 
  taxes which are more than repaid by being the biggest per capita contributor on the continent . 
  that 's more than can be said for slovenia , which only brought the palm of their hand to recieve said taxes in . 
  because people do n't like to be told what to do , especially not by foreigners . 
  it 's rather naive to believe they 'll improve their ` human rights record ' and a bunch of other stuff because ` we ' ask them to . 
  they 'll make some changes to get into the eu if they want that , but once they join the carrot is gone and they 'll find out soon enough that there 's no stick , like poland and romania did before them . 
   people will be able to move to all the other eu states so depopulation is the solution ? 
   ( like why do it when you are already in eu together ) because you would be worth more than the sum of your parts . 
  more influence in the eu , less bureaucracy for the eu . 
  then they did not have a veto . 
  ( which does of course not mean that they ca n't upset things ), 
  ` early ' polls will show diverse results , people say which party they would want to vote , shortly before elections we get the consolidation phase where people are seeing what kind of coalitions are likely . 
  then come the strategic votes that upset the predicted results . 
  the pvv usually does bad here , which means their actual result will be lower than their predicted result . 
  peacekeeping comes after . 
  groningen has a lot of earthquakes these days , it might need a different color . 
   this shall not prejudice the specific character of the security and defence policy of certain member states . 
  this is a reference to the recognized neutrality of sweden , finland and austria . 
  it does include ireland as well , but ireland does n't really have an army . 
  rather awkward to have a journalist which such a closed body language/attitude . 
  that ` the eu ' is a hypocrite . 
  but that 's not a new or revolutionary observation . 
  yes , it only excludes sweden , austria and finland . 
  none of them are very important . 
  a war of attrition will be determined by outside support . 
  greece has friends , turkey does not . 
  turkey is far from able to take care of its self , and has other military commitments running against the kurds , the syrians , iraq and armenia . 
  not to mention it 's doubtful that either side is willing to fight a total war with each other . 
  i thought the npu had more members than finland . 
  it can on it 's own pretty well . 
  most of the delay is on the eu 's side , they 're not really happy on expanding at the moment . 
  should that change , things can go very fast if serbia wants to . 
  spain will only recognize kosovo when serbia officially recognizes it ( and as such relinquishes all its claims on it ) so that all depends on serbia . 
  it 's not just catalonia , it 's a legal issue . 
  the independence of kosovo was an illegal act , spain refuses to condone that . 
  croatia does not have the right to veto serbian accession because serbia became a candidate member before croatia joined . 
  neither is cyprus , so there 's a precedent . 
  given your previous statement i doubt it . 
  what is it , a french king ? 
  regardless of nato , there 's still article 42-7 of the treaty of the european union . 
   if a member state is the victim of armed aggression on its territory , the other member states shall have towards it an obligation of aid and assistance by all the means in their power , in accordance with article 51 of the united nations charter . 
  this shall not prejudice the specific character of the security and defence policy of certain member states . 
   i mean , militarily speaking , turkey is more then capable of defeating greece , no they 're not . 
  greece and turkey are well matched in terms of military capabilities . 
  with aid from bulgaria and romania they do n't stand a chance . 
  i 'm glad we have jordan instead of turkey , they 're a much better country . 
  bless you . 
  you mean that thing them greeks do n't do ? 
  i 'm usually quite well fed after a kilogram of mussels . 
  one should tremble in fear , the watergeuzen are probably the only militia that ever captured a city by accident . 
  a strong western wind blew their ships right into the arms of the spanish garrison , and what better thing to do than to conquer it when you 're going in that direction anyway . 
  i get that , but the alternative was withdrawing the bid and spending the next 5 years on drafting a new constitution back and forth all the while he was more interested in seeing to important matters , like economy and education . 
  the southern netherlands changed overnight . 
  it was not a time to debate and compromise and see to every constituencies needs , especially not when a sizeable group of your opposition will oppose anything you say or write because you 're not catholic . 
  but alas , it was not meant to be . 
  what had been separated for centuries will remain separated . 
  it was a damned if you do and damned if you do n't moment , had he honoured the voting belgium would have revolted as it impoverished and fell into disarray . 
  had he ignored the vote , well we know that part .
