   we havent discovered any major depost , i think you are confused with cyprus . 
  you have both oil and gas , you 're just mostly not drilling it in the ionian and aegean sea . 
  ( though there 's a small oil production going on , and plans for increasing it )  i dont think you understand how the core greek economy functions , we have some of the highest trade deficits in europe , what are we gon na export ? 
  you did n't understand a thing of what i wrote , we 're going in circles here . 
  you do n't export anything , fine , so you need to export something , you 're not going to export anything as long as you remain in the eurozone . 
  you 're in a spiral , a spiral you can not leave by not removing the fuel that 's spinning you in it . 
  do n't get me wrong , i do n't have a skin in the game , for all i care greece remains a eurocountry , but do n't look to us , we can not solve this for you . 
  we made a mistake by admitting you , one which we can not correct for you . 
   we dont have any major resources you do have a lot of gas , extracting it has so far not taken of though . 
   in fact our economy runs a huge trade deficit because of the euro . 
  you ca n't really export anything , as you 're not competitive , plain and simple . 
  and to become so , you need to hold your own strings again . 
  you 're never going to be competitive with the euro . 
   there is no guarantee that the issues we already have will go away ( tax-evasion , bureaucracy , archaic tax and corporate law ) a willing government could change that once you leave the euro . 
  very simple systems can start that , for example a flat tax , and work from there . 
  but no it is not a guarantee , but what is . 
  they funded her campaign , just indirectly for plausible deniability . 
  like russia gave money to fn by handing fn a loan . 
  the accusation was n't that he raped her ( in the traditional sense ) , but that he did n't use a condom . 
  i do n't think there 's any sincerity in the accusation , the moment he walks out of that embassy he 's put on a plane to the us and will likely never be a free man again . 
  while their debt remains , payments will be suspended . 
  with their drachmas they will give their population work again , work that will provide them with what they need , work that will improve and start to export , based on price at first , and competition afterwards . 
  then they start paying of the debt to regain international trust . 
  it 's going to be hard , but rewarding . 
  a small cash inflow can in the mean time be created with their resources ( gas ) . 
   the bosporus strait can deny the russian black sea fleet acess to the mediterranean . 
  while true , it would come at a hefty price , and access to the mediterranean is n't that important . 
  offensive capabilities of the russian navy have always been limited , which makes sense if you look at a map . 
   the clinton foundation is not hillary 's presidential campaign . 
  no that was ` hillary victory fund ' , but ;  they have zero to with one another , financially speaking . 
  that 's extremely unlikely . 
  both foundations even have the same donators ( the gulf states mostly ), 
   they donated 4.4 million euro to the clinton foundation , a charity organisation , in 2013 . 
   a ` charity ' donation by the ministry of economic affairs . 
  that 's how you get meetings and deals with clinton , so we did hoping she would become the next president . 
   from those eras where they did this . 
  it 's not something they did , it 's something they still do . 
   it 's pretty much destroyed any chance for them to criticize russia using the same tactics cleanly . 
  there 's still a chance to do so , introduce universal rules on international funding in politics . 
   though two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  putin use of the same tactics is still just as bad we value a society of enlightenment , democracy , rule of law and equality however , while his tactics are just as bad , we 're not going to discriminate . 
  the eu is n't destroying greece , greece itself is . 
  it 's like an abusive relationship with one of the participants having the stockholmsyndrom and thinking he/she 's completely reliant on the other and has no alternative option out . 
  i 'm not saying the eu is innocent , not at all , but they know what must be done . 
  greece must leave the euro , and by doing so it can create the hope for a better future . 
  inside the euro there 's nothing left but the same for them . 
  yes it 's going to be very painful , they 're going to go bankrupt , suspend all international debt , but they get to start building again . 
  and what better hope is there then to start building on a better future ? 
  i do n't know what the eu wants , but with the fear of losing some security assurances from the us it seems like a bad idea to estrange the second biggest military power in nato , the uk . 
  the netherlands donated 4,4 million euro to hillary , flanders 780.000 euro [ 1 ] ( https://fd.nl/economie-politiek/1164666/clinton-in-het-nauw-door-onthullingen-foundation ) . 
  it is also said 20 % of hillary 's presidential campaign was funded by saudi arabia . 
  i do n't know for all of them , but searching in native languages yields more results . 
   that is to say , in this new world , it is impossible to be divided because nobody cant tell what anyone 's opinions actually are , often including even ourselves . 
  which is a natural consequence of moralizing people 's every word . 
  they fund political parties , but so do we . 
  it 's no secret that european states for example funded hillary , so why scream murder and fire when russia does the same to us ? 
  if you want to stop it , then introduce universal rules against it , but very few politicians would want that because they would n't be taking away fn 's funding , but also their own . 
   why on earth it 's great for romania , germany , belgium and portugal to trade without restrictions with each other but terrible if it 's with the usa , china , australia or india . 
  because they do n't subsidize their exports to ruine the market , and if they did , would be dragged to court . 
  free trade with china is good , when it 's by free market standards , not by state-capitalist mercantilism . 
  ok , well that 's a serious accusation and you do n't have much to back it up . 
  i 'm not saying it 's unlikely to happen , just that one should n't say that that easy , as you are discrediting a national vote which is quite serious . 
   as stalin once said ` it does n't matter who votes , it matters who counts the votes . ', 
  are you saying he won because of fraud ? 
  that sounds like something he could say . 
   i clarified that in the introduction . 
  gdp is neither a measure of development nor of well-being . 
   it was not an attack on you . 
  just wanted to expand on it . 
   ah pardon then , i thought you meant literally northern netherlands , not the amsterdam 's region . 
  that would be the northern netherlands , holland is the west coast and is sometimes incorrectly used to describe the rest of the country , but i would n't contribute to that use . 
   a lot of hqs tend to be headquartered in the capitals . 
  color me surprised ? 
   that 's what i said . 
  which makes this useless as a representation of regional development . 
   that 's due to groningen 's gas fields . 
  that 's a different province . 
  perhaps you should read the argument . 
  it 's misleading though , as it 's just a cluster for many large companies , with the employees coming from adjacent regions , lowering the relative gdp/capita of the surrounding regions and increasing it for that one region . 
  same tends to happen with capital regions . 
  you can for example see north holland being the highest in the netherlands , which is bullshit . 
  all of our economy is basically in south holland , they just have the hq in amsterdam , but the factories in rotterdam , the r&d in eindhoven etc. 
  euhm , i love \u00dcber , i think it 's the way forward for the cab branche . 
  there 's no improving the law , the laws need to be scrapped hole . 
  someone driving a person should n't need a certificate nor permit , if he has a driving licence he can drive , if he has a vat-number he can run a ` business ' . 
  the odds of that happening are nill . 
  the stalinist regime has had plenty of time to solidify , which means ; * no organisation is possible , opposition would be limited to within families at best * everybody fears everybody ( because eyes and ears are everywhere ) , spreading a ` revolution ' would be all but impossible * the penalty to ` disobedience ' is not a threat to your life , but to that of everyone you hold dear the situation is completely different from say , libya or syria to name some recent examples , which were always divided into tribes which could act as a group . 
  the rules and legislations regarding taxi 's are 2 centuries old ideologically . 
  unfortunately neither the state nor the cab drivers want to change them , because they 're both getting easy money of it , and everybody likes easy money , except the consumer who has to pay for it . 
  it 's not just the potential refugees . 
  the north koreans ( and south - for that matter ) have so much firepower they can set the whole region ablaze . 
  europe has a lot of interests in the asia-pacific region , economically more than the us . 
  however europe can rely on the us to protect those interests in asia-pacific . 
  which gives europe the decade old position to cry foul of the us and be holier than the pope . 
  i 'm looking forward to a m\u00e9lenchon vs le pen second round . 
  that goes both ways . 
  i do n't know , the native americans seem pretty happy with their reserves . 
  i do n't subscribe to lofty conspiracies , sorry . 
  do n't they have automated insuline pumps for that nowadays ? 
  but at her age diabetes is indeed taking its toll on the body .
