  i wish there was something in between to vote for . 
  maybe the socialists , but they are navel staringly dreary , and i 'm more of a classical liberal . 
  perhaps i 'll give fvd a shot . 
  then you pressure the igpn , you gather witnesses , evidence , you write to all media , you write to officials etc. 
  in no circumstances should you attack innocent people by association . 
  ( in other words , all police , or all private property in your path ), 
   rules of diplomatic protocol apply . 
  like covering up nude statues in italy when iranian officials visit you ? 
  no they do n't . 
  then you go to the police station and file an indictment against him , then it 's no longer up to the igpn . 
   edit : wore , not whore ... well they sort of whored themselves to a medieval patriarchy by doing so . 
  she 's not migrating to lebanon . 
  tourists do n't have to follow an integration course at the airport either if it you makes you feel any better . 
   ok maybe he 's just a mad guy driving around with a truck full of exclusive materials and slamming into cars because his gf broke up with him . 
  that 's no terror at all . 
  that is indeed not terror . 
  if he 's violent because he for example is experiencing a psychoses that 's not an act of terrorism , a muslim that is mentally sound that tries to kill as many people as he can for his allah and medieval pedophile is a terrorist . 
  a neo-nazi that is mentally sound that tries to kill muslims because they 're brown is also a terrorist if it makes you feel any better . 
  go figure , less room with more people is worse . 
  i have driven it multiple times , less than 6 hours is impossible . 
  google says it is 6 hours and 42 minutes , that 's a lot closer to the truth . 
   5,5 hour by car , maybe in that carver flying car , more like 7-8 hours if you drive without coffee breaks . 
  his transfer must 've been paid by goldmansachs . 
  that 's because you can empty a gun several times in sweden and not hit anything except trees . 
  on a more serious note , sweden has been , and still is , an extremely homogenous society . 
  the us the exact opposit . 
  a homogeneous society is simply safer , more prosperous and less violent than a heterogenous one . 
  you are changing though , so we can talk about these mass shootings in a year or 10 again if you feel like it . 
  it would be better to have balanced internal migration going back and forth within the eu . 
  real challange seems to be how to go about that , we ca n't keep running a union where all economic activity is increasingly centered in 3/4 countries which subsequently become unlivable from a human standpoint due to demographic pressure from the deprived regions from both inside and outside the union . 
  it makes absolutely no common sense either to have people move from poland , latvia , romania etc. 
  to , among others , the netherlands . 
  the former countries have so much potential and best of all room to exploit . 
  we only offer a short-term easy alternative , not a rewarding one , nor anything that will have a legacy . 
  not that we should build these countries full , on the contrary , but there 's so much to be improved there that perhaps instead of moving people to jobs here we could move jobs to people there . 
  that said if latvia would offer opportunities , i would n't mind moving there . 
  it 's a great country , many of these countries are . 
  the us has 31 times the population of sweden . 
  hardly comparable like that . 
  amsterdam certainly has bad neighbourhoods . 
  some of which are best steered clear of if you 're white . 
  but they are n't no-go zones , police has been a lot harsher the last years in its resolve . 
  that said mentioning amsterdam kind of shows one did n't spend much effort , if you want to talk about no-go-zones , the hague would be a better specimen . 
  amsterdam used to be quite poor and did n't have the traditional labour migration from mena like some other cities did . 
  the isiswijk , i mean schilderswijk ( 90,5 % non-western population ) comes to mind . 
   last i have heard , protests in france against the arrestation of someone happened in the case of an innoncent that was raped by a cop that 's a terrible reason . 
  if a cop ` rapes ' an ` innocent ' he should be prosecuted by the law , not by violent mobs . 
  what 's next , we all attack all muslims after another nice or paris ? 
  see how this does n't work ? 
   is n't this the case in most western countries ? 
  where 60 years ago you could buy a house by farting ? 
  i do n't know . 
  but i imagine for many countries it 's their own fault . 
  we simply do n't have the room to build sufficient homes . 
  and to decrease the demand for homes you 're excluded from government rent reduction if you 're younger than 23 . 
  we did n't go through that collapse of the ussr/reset , and as such elders accumulated wealth their entire life unlike in latvia or the others . 
  the worst factor , which is effectively a wealth transfer from young to old , is that people who are now 60/70 bought a home when they were 20-25 years old for 10.000 guilder . 
  you would have to work about a year or two back then and you could downpay a house . 
  that same house will go for 100.000-150 .000 euro now . 
  we would have to work 10-15 years to downpay that if we saved 50 % of our net income . 
  that 's a logical result of having a population growth of 1 million each 10 years . 
  ( we grow about 100.000 people per year net ) imagine having to house a new riga every 6 years in a country with 13/14/15 / 16/17 million people which is the same size as latvia ( even smaller by km2 of land ) our generation is just significantly more poorer than theirs . 
  ( research has shown the modern youth will be poorer than their parents in every stage of life ), 
  i thought it was days . 
  maybe because i just read about it yesterday . 
  unfortunately our situation is completely reversed . 
  more unfortunate\u00fd , over 50 % of the voters are older than 50 years , and more selfish than ever . 
  ` we build this country ' say they , while enjoying the best life any generation had before and will after because they did n't have children , but the generation before them had children for 2 . 
  they 're locusts , leave nothing behind . 
  somehow saying the state coffers are empty is populism , because ` we worked for it our entire life ' . 
  there was a student who interviewed the party leader for the ' 50 + party ' , he denounced increasing child poverty based on cbs ( government statistics agency ) as ` youth propaganda ' and that the ` student will understand it when he gets older ' . 
  sorry , i 'll switch rant off now . 
  ca n't stand the man , and he 's getting seats too . 
  what 's even more funny is that he managed to couple identity politics to age . 
  he keeps repeating he 's the oldest mp and thus is the only one that can represent old people . 
  this really depends on the country . 
  dutch elderly/65 + are the richest people in the oecd , and richest people in the country . 
  really getting tired of the ` why wo n't anyone think of the elderly ?! ' . 
  the poorest demographic group are children , 1 in 9 children grow up in poverty and risk social exclusion , a * 33 % * increase to 2007 . 
  meanwhile we talk about lowering the pension age and increasing pensions , because yolo . 
  iodine would be the first radioactive isotope to be detected . 
  it happened last year in january . 
  well it is is n't it . 
  you reap high interests , and when shit goes bust your losses are carried by tax-payers . 
  i think they recently implemented a feminist policy that snowploughers would give priority to roads mostly used by women . 
  it was not a success . 
   oh look , it has n't disappeared from the news at all . 
  but it actually happened in january 2016  the article from the picture is dated at january 28 2016 . 
  except people who reason against creationism have arguments , you do not . 
   which i cited does no such thing . 
  it simply says journalist peter r. de vries ( the one who got joran v/d sloot to talk with a sting operation ) received disks from intelligence and then got a phone call from the chief of national intelligence threatening him with jail , nothing that divulging state secrets carries a maximum sentence of 15 years . 
   quite interesting for something `` non-existent '' , do n't you think ? 
  we do n't know what was on the floppydisks , so there 's that . 
   one says that there was a moroccan there who merely `` looked very young '' but actually was n't and was married . 
  very convincing stuff . 
  ` there ' being in the bar , not with fortuyn . 
  generally an argument of ` if you do n't think like me you 're an illiterate ' is n't exactly a good showcase of your own literacy . 
  he 's angry because rtl invited his brother for an interview . 
  his exact words are that ` rtl can go up a tree ' , which is a polite way to say in dutch ` go screw yourself ' . 
  he will only attend the debates of the other broadcasters .
