   as from the tax year 2004 the eu directive for interest and royalties entered into force . 
  under the directive a 0 % withholding tax rate applies for qualifying royalty payments ( or interest payments ) between qualifying associated corporations established in the eu . 
  a corporation is considered associated if it has cross holdings of at least 25 % or a third corporation has a direct minimum holding of 25 % in two other eu corporations . 
  thank the eu for that . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://www.lowtax.net/information/netherlands/netherlands-royalty-conduit-companies.html ), 
   the advantages it gains by having a special tax status . 
  [ do n't mind me breaking the circle jerk ] ( http://www.ronanlyons.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/effective-corporate-tax-rate.png ) with the netherlands having the most honest and upfront tax system in europe as well as one of the highest rates . 
   i assure you the netherlands is more of a `` tax hell '' than a `` tax heaven '' , for individuals at least . 
   it 's a popular myth i 'm afraid , our corporate taxes are among the highest in the eu at 25 % , but we do n't charge royalties and are n't allowed to change that easily because of eu directives that tell us not to . 
  people keep repeating the nonsense and over time people take it for the truth . 
  in reality countries like france for example engage in a large number of tax fraid casus , like illegal support to for example airbus while french tax rates are already lower than dutch rates . 
  the netherlands does n't do that . 
  again we get scraps while paying the most , thanks eu . 
   there never were in the last 36 year any bouts of 6 % growth in the netherlands , spreading false information again i see . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://cdn.tradingeconomics.com/charts/netherlands-gdp-growth-annual.png?s=negdpey&amp;v=201611211823r&amp;d1=19160101&amp;d2=20161231 ), 
  clearly italy is overwhelmed . 
  by having to bring them all to the north . 
   germany also has more aircraft . 
  in storage and as part factories . 
  word on the street is no more than a dozen are actually in flyable state . 
  depends what plane you 're using , the f-35 that 's going to be used on the qe carrier ( s ) is better than the rafale . 
  [ gdp per capita ] ( http://cdn.tradingeconomics.com/charts/netherlands-gdp-per-capita.png?s=nldnygdppcapkd&amp;v=201611211210r ) 2008 ; ** 52.121,20 ** gdp per capita 2015 ; 50.925,29, 
   the euro has benefited the netherlands greatly , and i 'm santa clause . 
   after the euro was introduced growth in the netherlands averaged 4 percent till 2008 . 
  [ hmmhm ] ( http://cdn.tradingeconomics.com/charts/netherlands-gdp-growth-annual.png?s=negdpey&amp;v=201611211823r&amp;d1=19160101&amp;d2=20161231 ) the adoption of the euro destroyed all growth . 
  all non-french people ? 
  we are onto colours now , what 's next ? 
   it 's a coded message , red , white and blue , time for a 21st century glorious revolution . 
  all hail king willem first of his name , lang leve de koning der nederlanden en britse eilanden !, 
   strong gdp growth it 's not that strong , nowhere near the 6 % pre-euro , and gdp per capita is still below what it was in 2008 . 
  so to even call it growth is a lie in my opinion , it 's a start of a recovery 8 years in the crisis . 
   strongly growing economies in the eu at the moment , [ ... ] netherlands . 
  i think it 's dishonest to put it like that , the netherlands is still below pre-crisis levels economically , wages lag behind , housing costs rise through the roof , taxes are increasing each year , in-work benefits are falling each year , unemployment is only falling due to a change in the definition where underemployment is no longer considered unemployment , and banks are overflowing with cheap credit that they hoard like dwarfes . 
  economically it 's not going great at all in the netherlands , it 's only ministers in the government that pretend all is well . 
   you 're missing the point . 
  no , you 're missing the point , you lack any knowledge of how economies and markets work . 
   it is n't normal for pension providers to be as exposed to bank paper and bank instability as they are . 
  italy is unique in that italians ` invest more in bonds than other european savers ' . 
  that 's the fault of ` pension providers ' , if savers do n't agree with what they do , then change to another ` pension provider ' or sue those responsible to be personally liable . 
  again ` bond holders ' does not equate to pensions . 
  the only reason you 're drawing in pensions is to moralize the discussion because reasonably you have no point to make . 
   during a ` bail-in ' , it 's those people ( individuals ) who are going to suffer , alongside pension funds for private italian companies who made similar purchases for their employees . 
  ironically the idea of a ` bail-in ' which is supposed to protect taxpayers from liability is actually going to create a liability for taxpayers if it 's done in italy . 
  tbh i do n't really think you understand the consequences of what you 're saying . 
  ` welcome to the market ' is how m5s gets elected to power , and if it happens under a bail-in circumstance , blame at the feet of the eu wo n't be mislaid . 
  if m5s are successful in pulling italy from the eu , the eu falls apart . 
  what i think you do n't see is that voters consider a ` bail-in ' to be a failure of the political process , and they conclude that the eu can not solve its problems , and they are being made to pay for it . 
  the angrier that regular taxpayers get in all eu countries , the closer we move to watching the project go over a cliff . 
  and the more operating space the ` far right ' eurosceptics have to convince people to abandon the centre . 
  you might think you are simply repeating the truth of the markets , but you 're contributing to political destruction . 
  the free market is not a democracy , get a grip . 
  until the british ones are operational . 
   to discuss the prospect that might be protest votes or that democratic systems could be improved ? 
  you do n't decide what a protest vote is , nor do you judge wether it is a problem , and least of all do you have the right to ` fix ' people 's votes . 
   and i 'm simply echoing claims from various media sources saying that they were . 
  sensationalist rags looking for page hits who put less effort in their articles than the average teenager in a facebook post . 
  what gives you the right to question votes , let alone democratic systems ? 
  you go elect trump , we will decide how we chose to express our democratic mandate ourselves , each state to its own . 
  they 're possibly criminals yes , but even criminals have rights . 
  rights turkey does not grant such as a fair trial and the right to physical integrity , perhaps even the death penalty if erdogan goes through with that . 
  which is why they should be trialled in greece if granted asylum . 
  they fled to greece when the coup failed . 
  i do n't know their role , an investigation/trial will have to find that out . 
   agreed but there were loads of examples where non-involved officers got persecuted . 
  the trial could be held in greece , let turkey come up with evidence , and the trial will decide wether that evidence is valid and sufficient and what their role was . 
  if found guilty , put them in a greek prison to serve their sentence . 
   ` retail bondholders ' = pension funds , made up of people saving for their pensions . 
   pension funds are investors too , disregarding the fact that bondholers do not equate to pension funds , investments carry risks , risk that normally turn you a slight profit so that you have a higher pension and in this case a loss because you make a profit due to their being the risk of having a loss . 
  alternative ; pensions funds give all profits they ever made back to the state , and then the state can bail them out . 
  their pensions will be lower after all past gains are deducted and only the nominal inlay and capital costs remain , but welcome to the market . 
   have they checked erdogan 's basement ? 
  / s the man has 1127 bedrooms in his palace , even if they did , it would take years to find him . 
  amazing , here we are trying to find the origins of it all but never succeed in getting a universally accepted explanation of its evolution or origin and a redneck who heard about it on cnn last month shows up and knows it all . 
  where have you been all these years . 
  all sounds like illegal state aid , a corrupt scam , and disruption of the market . 
   politically unpalatable option of imposing losses on the $ 2bn of retail bondholders i ca n't even ... how about they first repay all profits these bondholders ever made to the state , no losses , no profits . 
  followed by a life-time ban on investing in anything due to being mentally incapable to be legally sovereign , appoint a curator to their personal finances and suspend their legal sovereignty . 
  perhaps then they could be partially refunded under a debt sanitation scheme from the italian social authorities . 
  it 's understandible that the asylum request is now being considered considering the state of the turkish rule of law and human rights violations , but will they be prosecuted in greece if given asylum ? 
  it 's one thing to provide somebody asylum to protect him/her from a rogue state , but quite another to have them run of with their crimes . 
  if they 're involved in a coup , they should be punished . 
  conspiracies do exist , and to some extent are understandible . 
  but saying 9-11 was done by the us government or jews , or that the holocaust did n't happen or is heavily exegerated , two common ` theories ' among muslims , is some ... well ... different level of conspiracies . 
  the eu does , not europe . 
  hardly representing anything other than a supranational numb bureaucracy either . 
  sorry if i offended you when hear-say from people who leave a party are lousy sources and reason for doubt , certainly no reliable source without any proper evidence . 
  just for the record , you can believe anything you want , astrology , gods , creationism , what not , so do n't take it too personal . 
  they are secured right ? 
  do they stop if somebody/thing gets caught between it ? 
   who should know . 
  but also have a motive in discrediting him . 
  lots of rijp in the north this morning . 
  true , the russians have done it before when they sank an entire british fishing trawler fleet at the dogger bank in 1904 . 
  they only lost 2 men in friendly fire . 
  they had considerably more anti surface capability than the british trawlers . 
  wild dogs are psychotic . 
  i have met bears and boars in forests , had a cougar coming after my provisions at night , no problem with them if you know how to handle . 
  wild dogs though are unpredictable , therefor dangerous . 
  some canals are accessible to boats , some only to non-motorized boats . 
  i think the municipality weighs wether it 's worth it , accessible canals mean higher bridges ( difficult for cars to pass over ) bridges that open ( often a fuckfest when you do that in a city centre , the row quickly becomes a km or 2 long if a couple of boats have to pass , and the infrastructure in a historic city centre is n't miles of tarmac ) and they would need to be cleaned more often or they would become too shallow .
