  but others do according to you . 
  do you even hear yourself ? 
  eu law allows vehicles to be tested by national authorities , the german authorities designed tests that would allow defeat devices to be used . 
  there is n't really any legal way to fine vw as they did n't break any law . 
  they conformed to german law , and as such to the eu directive . 
  the point of having emission standards in europe is for show really , nobody is really interested in decreasing emissions in the car industry . 
  especially diesel vehicles , current technologies allows for these engines to be produced much cleaner , but they are n't . 
  as a comparison , laws for trucks are different , trucks can be stopped at the road side individually to be tested and if they do n't conform to emission standards the truck is n't allowed on the road again . 
  the result ? 
  you can drive 3 lorries for one vw diesel hatch/saloon in terms of emissions . 
  no that 's what you say to feel better about congo . 
  sunblock only goes so far too , best to regulate your exposure . 
  exposure to sun rays makes your body develop pigment to protect the skin . 
  people in the balkans are acclimatized to this exposure , people in ` the north ' are not . 
  germans go on a holiday in the south , poles less so . 
  that 's what mostly causes these high amount of cases . 
  people in the north do n't have the skin pigment to protect their skin from the sun because they do not need them at home . 
  ( and your body develops pigment due to exposure to sunlight ) when visiting spain in the summer you do need them , if you do n't watch it then , you may be screwed . 
  it 's exactly what the allies did as well . 
  for the germans it was an easy pick , london is close to the coast and military high value targets were mostly out of reach for the german luftwaffe . 
  problem is parts too . 
  it 's possible the us imposes an export ban on airbus helicopters if there are us parts used in them . 
   but statistics do say that france is much safer on average . 
  they do ? 
  because the crime index says latvia is safer . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://www.numbeo.com/crime/rankings_by_country.jsp?title=2017&amp;region=150 ) the global peace index says latvia is more peaceful than france . 
  [ 2 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/global_peace_index ) what statistics are you refering to exactly , if any ? 
  what if between the first and second round islamists decide to strike again ? 
  they do want le pen to win after all , they want an enemy , not a french president that will appease them . 
  few if any were as horrid as congo . 
  even at the time european colonial powers found the situation in the congo state inhumane . 
  lots of institutional/engineering experience here at royal schelde and the navy . 
  just a matter of convening a team for a subsurface division again , many is still present ( sub simulators , maintenance and repair docks , engineers ), 
  that communicating channels of the eu with the us would go through memberstate ( s ) . 
  this could be used as a means of division by the us . 
  compared to having this as ambassador though i do n't think it makes much difference . 
  if they want to do harm , they 'll do it . 
  what about the president ? 
  can he impeach a government ? 
  sounds like a tough stand-off , is there any opposition in romania which is possibly large enough ( assuming at least some government mp 's might be persuaded ) to impeach the government ? 
  elections might see the bill repealed i wager ? 
   if the dude hates the eu , he has nothing to do in brussels , period . 
  he is not supposed to represent the eu , but to represent the us to the eu . 
  if what he says is the us government position that does n't necessarily make him unfit to be a representative * to * the eu . 
  it 's not really the eu 's call to pick an ambassador for the us , sure it could refuse him , but it 's likely that the eu will simply not have an american ambassador for the next years in that case . 
  i would n't be surprised if that 's exactly what trump wants for the eu , to refuse him . 
  he might then proceed to inform the eu that the us will not have an ambassador to the eu during his term . 
  ( and deflect that on the eu , because it refused his official ) sounds like a strategy to bypass the eu and approach memberstates individually . 
  i 'm amazed at how the romanian government is standing firm . 
  how can it be that after such massive and enduring protests they do not give an inch ? 
  2 years prior the british destroyed 3 french battleships , 4 destroyers and killed 1300 french soldiers at the raid on mers-el-kabir ( french algeria ) . 
  it must 've sucked being a french navy employee at the time . 
   cyprus ' north coast  northeastern coast  kato pyrgos someone at washingtonpost has skipped elementary school . 
  lots of next-door neighbours who have a very different political landscape . 
  it 's the guillotine that 's hanging over the eurozone . 
  there is n't much of an alternative though besides kicking the can down the road again . 
  let 's build a wall in de schelde and make antwerpen pay for it . 
  make rotterdam great again . 
  the netherlands and belgium are n't really politically related to each other . 
  it was n't meant that serious , but an obvious reference to the fact we live in a society with finite resources . 
  greece ca n't even take care of their own people , let alone others . 
  and i do n't expect any of these entitled lazy bums are following a teachers education and vacating a room in their house for a classroom . 
  we ` demand ' , they better learn to provide instead of ` demand ' with their lazy asses . 
  no wonder greece is bankrupt . 
  so is moscow . 
  hmmhm , for the german leader , not a european one . 
  so did the german government and european commission . 
  hardly news worthy . 
  lead what , your dog on a stroll ? 
  bridges are low energy , tunnels is where it is at . 
  we do have experience with boats that big . 
  we should build them ourselves in any case . 
   [ ... ] tax aviation [ ... ] i knew the german taxes were going through the roof , but that it is actually flying now surprises me . 
  some people yield respect , others do not . 
  merkel is not respected , thus occasionally she 's treated disrespectful . 
   and not all terrorism is islamist terrorism . 
  so what ? 
   but islamist terrorism is . 
  the other terrorisms are called by their own name . 
   use wahhabi terrorism if it is associated with wahhabism , and another thing when it is not . 
  all daesh related terrorism is wahhabi . 
  hezbollah would be shi'a . 
  no thanks . 
  i 'll just use islamist terrorism . 
   and if you misstag some ... great . 
  you just made them wahhabi whether they want it or not . 
  potato potato , they 're islam , regardless of wahhabi . 
   how would theoretically exiting eu change the fact you have debt ? 
  not much , save you suspend payments and refinancing for a period . 
  not all islamic terrorism is wahhabi terrorism . 
  so no , islamist terrorism is just fine . 
  or he 'll dispute the german wadden sea islands . 
  then it would become a monarchy . 
  the monarchs do n't have a seat in the eu council , so the eu has little to do with them . 
  the dutch monarch for example is mostly involved in relations with non-eu countries . 
  ( china , the gulf states etc. ), 
  must be a good amount of that floating around with the eu ban on light bulbs . 
  an eu army is giving half your islands practically away for free to turkey . 
  greece has a large strong army very capable of defending itself and well matched to turkey . 
  you 're not dependent on others for your territorial integrity , so it would be unwise to make it so .
