  it 's the uk that wants ` trump walls ' to keep out ~ ~ mexicans ~ ~ romanians and the lot , it 's the eu deciding that overseas relics wo n't be an exception in that case . 
  that 's the point , it was never about sovereignty . 
  you 're moving towards a walled border a la 1966 on gibraltar and an empty airfield . 
  that 's going to be costly to both gibraltar and the uk . 
  that 's not an option . 
  as the uk is leaving the common market , gibraltar will have no more freedom of movement . 
  think of it as a carrot , if you compromise sufficiently on the divorse arrangements , you will be rewarded by trade negotiations with the eu . 
  for those unfamiliar with the term , cuck , or cuckold in full , is a man married to a knowlingly cheating women . 
  it is used by the alt-right because ` women like black men ' , and white women ` are theirs ' , or so the racist/sexist narrative goes . 
  presumably that he would plant the spanish flag there . 
  but not the reason they complained . 
  they said people constantly stop in front of their house and look inside . 
  i can understand that up to a point , i think the whole backlash now is way over the top though . 
  international hate-sowing campaign over the location of a brass cobblestone , just when you thought people did n't have anything better to do . 
  the helicopter crashed after it was hit , naturally . 
  that would be impossible as far as i know . 
  the treaty of utrecht stipulates gibraltar will be returned to spain in the event the british will renounce sovereignty over the rock . 
  i do n't understand why the french have n't done so before . 
  move the uk border to their side of the channel . 
   the little dutch pancake dumpling things poffertjes . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://www.drielandenpunt.nl/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/poffertjes.jpg ) the ` stol ' ( christmas stol and easter stol ) are n't specifically german , you 'll find them in the netherlands too , they 're a left-over of the crusades . 
  ask greece , they were attacked by turkey who subsequently shot down their helicopter killing all crew . 
  america will side with deescalation . 
  not to mention aircraft carriers are pretty useless , while they account for 25 % of the strength . 
   of course they often do to some extent , but it 's not allowed and as such there 's a line somewhere between the rule and the practicality . 
  because the song was politically motivated probably . 
  pariticipants are n't supposed to convey a political message in their performance , of course they often do to some extent , but it 's not allowed and as such there 's a line somewhere between the rule and the practicality . 
  in this case it is not the song , but the host country politicizing the event . 
   on 10 march 2009 , the european broadcasting union ruled that the song lyrics `` do not comply with section 4 rule 9 of the rules of the 54th eurovision song contest , and can not take part in the competition as such '' , which meant that georgia would have had to rewrite the song or choose another entry . 
  [ 7 ] a spokesman for the ebu said , `` no lyrics , speeches , gestures of a political or similar nature shall be permitted . 
  because eurovision has a ` no politics ' rule . 
  the cross of france/germany is nice , but it needs clockwise side-stripes with flags of the other memberstates on all 4 ends . 
  yes , but brussels refers to the others . 
  je ne comprends pas , tu parlez pas un langue de l'europe ? 
  [ belgian-anglo memorial , brussels be ] ( http://www.vakantielandbelgie.nl/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/manneke_pis.jpg ), 
  mais eu maintiendrai l'europe . 
  the only way to resolve it is to just not hold the festival in ukraine . 
  if the russian participant ca n't enter ukraine , then it must be held somewhere else , simple as that . 
  no dat is wol attint fan jo , doch my mar in rikke iel dan mei in gleske \u00fbs heit en in slokje bearenburch . 
  france is helping them to reach the white portion as soon as possible . 
  agreed , there 's wide support in our parliament to do so , but not in brussels . 
  mark rutte has asked parliament to adopt a proposal so koenders can push it forward in the council anyway , but currently there 's just not enough support for it and we ca n't disband it untilaterally ( as in netherlands ) . 
  it needs to be done by the eu . 
  due to the turkish association agreement with the eu , the eu agreed with turkey that eu nations shall not demand naturalisation upon recieving an eu nationality . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://myshop.s3-external-3.amazonaws.com/shop4078800.pictures.broodje-paling.jpg ), 
  unlike moroccan turkish nationality could always be revoked . 
  but you have to pay of your conscription ( which costs about 9000 euro i believe ) , and you 'll have trouble getting a visa to visit your family or something . 
  trap er niet in !, 
   ( though haggis balls are superior ) good god , you pseudo-english barbarian . 
  they 're mostly targetting members/supporters of the g\u00fclen movement . 
  these savings account to a total of 1,6 billion euro , it 's quite some money . 
  some dutch-turks had thousands of euro 's at that bank . 
  but yes , it 's not worth torture and imprisonment in turkey . 
  agreed , they should n't have removed northern ireland . 
  they 're specifically targetting people who do not support akp . 
  the turkish embassy has also revoked passports of some turkish dutch . 
  they can get their passport back ` if they come to turkey and face trial ' . 
  sea beggars ? 
  watergeuzen sounds a whole lot better . 
  if you want to translate names , at least translate the name of the then mayor of den briel , * cookiebaker * . 
  it 's funny though because the capture was more or less by accident . 
  the british ordered them to leave the port of dover , the wind brought them close to den briel , and as luck had it most of the spanish garrison was away . 
  right where brussels should be . 
  poepen in de keuken ? 
  they 're their turkish accounts indeed , the bank has been nationalized , so i assume they 've access too . 
  he also confiscated bankaccounts of dutch-turks . 
  they can get their money back ` when they come to turkey ' . 
   especially not airplanes which are totally useless against subs . 
  i see you 've edited your reply , airplanes are the most important tool there is against submarines . 
  on the other hand , no submarine has ever destroyed another submarine . 
  the best defense against submarines is still airplanes and anti-subsurface destroyers . 
  firm verboats ? 
  what ? 
  it is actually . 
  since it borders the eu , is the frequent source of conflict between an eu member and the uk and is used to steal taxes from spain . 
  it 's very much the eu 's business . 
  i do n't think you understand the eu either . 
  you had a priviliged position , now you 're leaving , so you 're moving to the same tier as turkey and morocco relations wise . 
  you would 've to be deluded to think you 're going to get any exceptional status at this point . 
  the eu has interests too , just as the uk . 
  only in so far as it concerns gibraltar . 
  no i did n't do that either . 
  i did n't we say we were . 
  it 's only 6km2 . 
  the airstrip you see is literally on the border , couple of meters below the airstrip is spain . 
  actually , only about 6 % of gibraltars trade is with the uk . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/gib/ ) gibraltars biggest trade partner is spain , which accounts for 14 % of its imports and 47 % of its exports . 
  making spain both largest import and export partner of the rock . 
  impossible . 
  gibraltar is entirely reliant on spain and the uk . 
  [ look at it ] ( http://wijwillenhetweten.nl/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/gibraltar.jpg ) , they ca n't live on their own , they could n't even grow a cabbage on there . 
  it 's legal to build a wall around it after brexit though . 
  it 's not really about sovereignty , but the fact gibraltar is acting like a total dick by slushing spanish taxes . 
  spain does n't have the right to annex gibraltar , but it 's fine for them to fence the rock off and deny aircraft to venture into their airspace . 
  clever sentiment . 
  without the tax haven , gibraltar would be an empty desolate rock . 
  i would support that . 
  it 's getting embarassing and dangerous what we 're doing . 
  quite frankly we 're out of peace dividend , if we cash in any more on it , we 're actually going to sell peace for war . 
  i 'm sure people said the same about tpp .
