  it 's not libyans who flee . 
  it 's not impossible without breaking international law either . 
  enforcing borders does not require any of these countries to take back refugees , enforcing borders means that refugees are duly processed and treated as people who will temporarily stay until they can safely return . 
  it means though that all non-refugees are booted out as soon as it is established that they do not qualify for asylum . 
  ` everything ' must have a different meaning in italian then . 
  but if you 're not up to it , maybe our external border should be north of italy . 
  of course it 's not impossible . 
   either compromise , expose and interfere in russia internal affairs so they learn it hard way . 
   that does n't work , russia does n't have a strong opposition , nor does it have a culture that fosters a diversity of ideas . 
   or ban threatening foreign propaganda outlets and financing on the grounds of national security . 
  we would n't have a news agency left in that case , and it 's the end of one of our core freedoms needed to sustain a credible democracy . 
   try explain to western journalists the role of being a critical when interviewing foreign governments like russia or iran ( putin get lots of uncritical coverage particular by the bbc ) . 
  it 's not the state 's position to explain anything to journalists other than what journalists ask of them . 
  by enforcing them without breaking international maritime law , international refugee law and international human rights law . 
  whatever that may be . 
  could be , but are n't . 
  but when external borders are n't enforced , like now , internal ones might need to be . 
  i would imagine if the uk informed the dutch prosecutor something would 've been done about it . 
  it seems to be a very small company doing this [ 1 ] ( http://www.friendship-offshore.com/ ) . 
  so that cyprus can remain being partly occupied by your ` ally ' . 
   westerners : majority ( of young ) says yes . 
   source ? 
  i say no to turkey . 
  now we can only hope the candidate status with turkey will be revoked for some kind of bilateral treaty . 
  nonsense , i just spoke to common sense and he said it was a bad idea . 
  no they do n't , they have a dying one . 
  they sold like 3 dozen aircraft lately , together , excluding the ones they bought . 
  for saab this is likely the last plane , the french may try again , but may also start to import as it 's very expensive to produce a plane nobody wants for only yourself . 
  i meant dutch submarines in south-east asia . 
  that would be most effective indeed . 
   yes  yes  yes ` alright , enjoy your stay in the us of a ', 
  i thought the interview was with jeroen dijsselbloem , but apparently he invited yerom distelbloom . 
  british press spreading misinformation again . 
  yes , with cruise missiles , they 're also significantly larger than what germany normally produces . 
  ( the dolphin class is nearly as big as the walrus class ) but they do n't carry icbm 's . 
   the water flows into our country well and truly polluted . 
  that 's more to do with the ruhr-area than with us . 
  while true we play our part as well . 
   saying it 's a lot easier to organise things if you have the space to organise them in and a lot fewer people to organise them for . 
  yes that is true . 
  german submarines are far too small for any icbm , they fit nearly twice in ours , and a ballistic submarine is still a fair bit larger than that . 
  young meaning 10 or 11 year old . 
  but you knew perfectly well what it meant . 
  never understood why they did n't just translate it and called it ` the hedge ' . 
  the usa is n't a member of the icc either . 
  the us even adopted a law that allows the president to invade the netherlands should the icc ever try to convict a us citizen . 
  it 's nicknamed ` the hague invasion act ' , i believe it 's a legacy of bush . 
  then imagine that neither airforce nor navy is russia 's most powerful asset . 
  that 's not that bad , you can always have one operational , and use the other for training . 
  when at war , you can easily man two . 
  same happened with the falklands where they took an aircraft carrier from reserves which was halfway painted and sailed it to argentina . 
  [ there you go ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kyxu2vwci38 ) , starts later on but you really need to see the whole clip to get the gist . 
  ( it 's only + / - 9 minutes ) checked the english subtitles for you , they seem to be pretty good . 
  no doubt he was very smart , but it was also a dirty wierdo , he liked his bed partners young , and had his security services kidnap children for him to rape . 
  the guy was an absolute moron despite being intelligent . 
  on state visits to moscow he would even bring a tent where he slept in . 
  he certainly had a lot of lose wires up there . 
  the motive was alleged to be to prevent gaddafi from being interrogated and revealing links with the french president nicolas sarkozy . 
  what a waste of effort for nothing , everybody knows anyway , and sarkozy is happily running for french presidency again . 
   claiming that bashar al-assad sold gaddafi 's satellite telephone number to french spies operating in sirte in exchange for a `` grace period '' and less political pressure on the syrian government by france so now we know why assad is supposed to be next in line after ghadafi . 
  russia was n't part of the icc in the first place , they never ratified the treaty . 
  rather have their population density than ours . 
  there 's more to life than a post-industrial urban jungle you know , i can appreciate some green and animal life as well . 
  not to mention some clean water and air , we 've the most polluted inland waters in europe . 
   they would n't be full replacements for it , if their operating countries wanted the full spectrum of operational capabilities . 
  but that 's the thing , with only 37 planes we 're not going to need the full spectrum as there wo n't be enough available to be deployed overseas . 
  so we would probably have been better of with an f16 ng or something , cheaper to run , and more suitable for qra . 
  the eurofigher and gripen are outdated and expensive , they 're not comparable to the f-35 . 
  if we go on like this we might one day join the nordic union . 
  seems legit , the environment is breaking us up . 
  if we plant a third tree in the country we may pass australia . 
  i 'm going to get my shovel . 
  no , they have n't . 
  some polish comedians said all ukrainians who live in poland are refugees . 
  ignoring that they 're just immigrants who moved to poland the past decades/years . 
  they did n't arrive recently , nor did they flee war . 
  it 's like saying the netherlands has 400.000 german refugees . 
  we had a more revolutionary approach , they 're fitted with water cannons . 
  imagine approaching the russian northern fleet in the arctic , and spray the ice cold water on their deck . 
  the crew will slip into the sea by the ice forming or die of hypothermia . 
  would n't that be illegal ? 
  luckily a lot of the submarines were never found , probably for the better that war graves remain unknown . 
  rumour has it they used the 3 coal fired waterboilers from her majesty 's de ruyter to power their aircraft carrier . 
  finally we beat the british , our newest warships were just not equiped with any missiles nor launchers , so we save the maintenance as well . 
  not all politicians did . 
  many politicians left the project as it was doomed to fail ( like sweden , uk and denmark ) others mentioned it was doomed to fail but joined anyway ( like the netherlands ) . 
  our pm at the time was pretty vocal about italy not belonging in the eurozone and the need for a fiscal framework , but he did n't have the power to achieve that . 
  so he should like sweden have said ` okay , you wo n't do what we say , reasonable , but then we 're out ' . 
  the gripen and rafael are both worse planes and they 're not cheap at all , but if we initially planned to buy only 37 the f-15 - 2040c or f16 ng would 've been the better choice . 
  i do not dispute that , i mentioned it as it did not work out that way , and just like it was intended to be permanent , it might not work out that way either . 
  you ca n't get kicked out of the eu . 
  worst they can do is strip membership rights , provided an absolute majority would support that . 
  which is unlikely to happen . 
  in the end europe has the most soft power over russia , not the us . 
  our sanctions hurt , theirs do n't . 
  so it will only be bad if without us support europe fails to maintain the sanctions . 
  that would be a disaster in itself ( as it would be a massive sign of weakness and division for the west ), 
  it 's designed to create prosperity and unity as well , sometimes things just do n't work out and then you change them . 
  there use to be 210 f16 's . 
  37 is just too little , and in such an amount the f-35 was a horrible choice .
