  not 98 % . 
  if 98 % becomes 100 as you put it , brexit wins again . 
  quite simple concept really . 
  people thought remain would win since the referendum was ever a thing . 
  turns out they were always wrong , no doubt still are . 
  ah you think you 're an authority on flags now too . 
  what an idiot . 
  there were 25.000 blank and invalid votes . 
  it does , since the voters will both need to stop voting brexit * and * vote remain instead . 
  one does not automatically mean the other . 
   it is parlaiments position to judge whether people were fully aware of what they were voting for . 
  no it 's not . 
  we can only assume you 're a condescending narcissist who thinks he/she 's better than anyone else . 
  well you 're not , so there 's that . 
   since there are only two options , it 's 2 % . 
  if the 52 % loses 2 % , it becomes an even 50 % -50 % split . 
  if the 52 % loses 2 % it 's 50-48 and 2 % blank , invalid or no votes , in all cases still a brexit win . 
   and the idea of a supermajority is to put a massive bottleneck on the power and speed of the influence of the majority . 
  to do pure 51 % majority all of the time on every single possible issue would result in an unambiguous `` tyranny of the majority '' . 
  we already have protections for that , democracy is rule by the majority , not rule by the minority . 
  why would democracy favour one option ( remaining ) above the other ? 
  is the opinion of one person worth more than the next ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  it was 4 % actually ( 52-48 ) , that 's 1,3 million people , a quite considerably margin . 
  they were misled by the remain camp all the same , it is not your or anyone elses position to judge wether someone was ` fully aware ' or not . 
  that 's okay , i 'm not like you . 
  seems like the germans are annoyed that they 're low on the priority list . 
   1 ) does having a national police force hurt local policing ? 
  recent reorganisations have made the police force more national , it hurts local policing as smaller counties are given less material then they use to , officers spend more time in office because there are no cars etc. 
  anymore , they spend less time with gun practices because bullets are too expensive . 
  ( they use very expensive hollow point bullets , special ` stop-crowd-bullets ' or something they 're called ) basically it had to be national because that would be cheaper ( sounds familiar ) it was actually not cheaper , that 's why they have to do with less material now . 
   2 ) do you think your national police forces are effective ? 
  solving rate of serious crimes is poor , police mostly fine cyclists who do n't have lights or motorists who drive 2km/h too fast or something related . 
  there was even a time when police officers were given fine-quota 's saying they needed to write x fines in y time to commercialize the police force as a sort of ` additional taxes authority ' . 
  i think we also have spying on the other side of the channel . 
  it will still be a generational choice in 10 years , as people who are young just have different opinions because they 're in a different phase of their life . 
  if you add two fingers , your thumb and index , from your right hand and make a round with them , stick the index finger bended upwards , move it around a bit , and repeat , it would sound like trump indeed . 
  but fantastic would just be ` fantastisch ' in dutch . 
  so nearly the same save the 2 additional letters . 
   so basically the pm is saying that the netherlands is a great/fantastic country ? 
  makes more sense than cool . 
  i think ` great ' would be most accurate . 
  fantastic is a bit more enthusiastic , at least to my ear . 
  points for him for it not being a start sign for mud slinging . 
  * and * make the germans pay for it . 
  it 's important to note that in english a mildly positive expression is meant negative , while if a dutch person wants to be negative , he 's negative . 
  so he would n't say ` cool ' if he means ` meh ' but rather ` boring ' . 
  so a mildly positive expression is a mildly positive expression , not a polite way of saying something negative . 
  if that makes any sense to you . 
  a formal apology and acknowledgement of their role in the shooting down of mh17 , an end to their rude and shameless behaviour and cooperation in prosecuting the culprits should put them back on track . 
  at the moment they 're not in a state of mind which should be rewarded by the eu members . 
   we would still be dwarfed by the likes of china , us , russia , india , brazil , nigeria , mexico , and indonesia . 
  a regional power within europe at best , with no place to set the world agenda like the eu could . 
  who cares , this is n't a total war ( r ) game . 
   although it rests with the ecj to decide whether an agreement with the uk is a mixed treaty ( and thus , whether it requires ratification from all member states ) . 
  yes but the ecj decides that based on the treaties of the eu which stipulate the competences of all parties involved . 
   i think it 's also worth pointing out that even a mixed treaty can be provisionally applied after the european parliament ( not needing any other party to ratify , in this case , canada or the uk ) ratifies it . 
  only the parts that do not require national consent . 
  for example the ukrainian association treaty the trade arrangements are provisionally applied , the rest of the treaty is awaiting parliament vote in the hague . 
  thanks , i was hoping to reach at least -5 on this one . 
  ceta was not a trade agreement , but a mixed treaty . 
  therefor it required both national and eu consent , unlike a trade agreement . 
  it 's the only leader in the western world which has character , the only one which you would remember after speaking because he 's the only one able of making an impression . 
  but he 's not that great a person is he ? 
  a trade agreement only requires ratification by the eu . 
  only a swiss style deal or eea membership or something similar would require the consent of 38 parliaments . 
  then tax payers have a problem . 
  $ 75.000 per squarrel , i do n't expect so . 
  they could make something [ like this ] ( http://www.rtlnieuws.nl/sites/default/files/styles/landscape_2/public/content/images/2016/02/22/eekhoornbrug_0.jpg?itok=1hhfvsj1 ) . 
  it 's a squarrel bridge , used by 2 squarrels in 2015 . 
  damn anarchists on the horizon . 
  ij is practically one letter in dutch , not two . 
  it is not the case for other diphtongs like ` oe ' or ` ui ' . 
  building a wall is one thing , the question is wether the russians will pay for it . 
   if only the eu would n't need the national governments ' approval for free trade deals , it does n't . 
   the canadian-eu free trade deal would have never been discussed in public . 
  ceta is a mixed treaty , therefor it needs national consent too . 
   but you do realize that the ukrainian association agreement was in fact about the more free movement of goods , services and capital ? 
  a part of it , not all . 
  the referendum was only about the other parts . 
  the eu does not need national approval of a treaty involving free movement of goods , services and capital . 
  the netherlands would n't be able to hold a referendum on such a treaty . 
   this is exactly what you voted down and now defend . 
  so stop being a hypocrite . 
  no it 's not , stop being an idiot . 
  banks do n't have to , they have tax payers to settle their bills . 
  but they 're the exception . 
  i do n't think they could/would pay that . 
  something about lending $ 100 and you have a problem , lend $ 1.000.000 and the bank has a problem . 
   you see more immigration because you have failed to export succesfull model of development to other countries . 
  you see more immigration because you have failed to export efficient educational system to the africa and most of the people there still have no idea what contraception is and how democracy look like . 
  we do not hold a patent or monopoly on development . 
  we 're not your parents and you 're not our children , so stop acting like one . 
   after all greed is a sinn , so you will be punished by allmighty african god ( one of them ) for this . 
  you should probably see a shrink . 
  of course they want to trade and interact with us . 
  it does n't matter wether they 're part of europe or not . 
  immigration should be equal to all , wether they 're christian , atheist , hindu or muslim . 
  we do n't need a cheap workforce , we already have too much of that and little manual/simple labour to go around for them . 
   the majority of the against voters their motivation was to send a message to the eu , in what way would you call 7,5 % a majority ?
