  it 's more the secondary treatments that you need to separately insure or pay yourself . 
  a basic insurance is mandatory , any premium is optional ( for example dental care , or extra maternity care ) , you have to have the basic insurance , if you do n't do so ( because you 're homeless for example ) you 're on a state insurance . 
  if you 're poor you get a monthly wage from the tax authorities ( depending on your income , up to + / -85 euro 's per month , nearly enough to cover a basic insurance ) if you ca n't pay your insurance even with this wage , the wage is withdrawn and the state will give you an insurance . 
  but other then that all needed care is insured , just the first 375 euro per year is your own . 
  ( except the home doctor , that is always 100 % covered )  i.e. 
  artificial knee would come to mind . 
  costly , is n't lifesaving , but helps to keep you in work or prevent lifelong use of drugs to suppress pain . 
  aritificial knees and hips are covered . 
   i agree 90 % . 
  my train of thought thought is , that you ca n't by only using local law to force international investment funds to do something without trying every trick in the book to fully use their international weight to stop you from being in obstacle to their profits . 
  remember that ukraine is currently not free from corruption yet . 
  that is concerning indeed , but of course as a state you 're the only one who can enforce the law . 
  investors are not bad people with evil cunning plans ( unless you set up a scheme that lures that kind of people ) be honest , transparent and reliable to investors , and they 'll be to you . 
   especially among young people . 
  that 's not shocking when you consider over 50 % of the people that vote in the netherlands are older than 50 years . 
  of course young people are disenchanted , because democracy is about complaining about elderly care and pensions . 
  and the money needed to attract these votes is taken from education , housing and other spending which hits the youth . 
  for example the government decided that the youth does not need rental compensation , people under 23 are obviously rich enough ( even though they have a lower legal wage than people older ) to afford a home that costs twice their salary in rent . 
  they even have enough money to pay their own school costs because the government cut the scholarship grants . 
   some of the ideas are very radical . 
  especially healthcare i would n't privatize completely . 
  where that leads to we see in the us . 
  charities that organize some kind of free dental care bonanzas in sport halls . 
   then the government can procure healthcare for the poor , like it is done in the netherlands . 
  you can privatize healthcare and still grant universal care . 
   unregulated sale of farmland is another . 
  it should n't be forgotten that it is a strategic resource , so farming companies , imho , should based in the country to have an interest to support the nation if push comes to shove . 
  unregulated sale is fine , just regulate usage of it . 
   if push comes to shove . 
  if push comes to shove you nationalize it . 
  but under normal circumstances it 's better to have someone with money exploit it , then someone with a certain passport . 
  because the former will produce more valuable goods than the latter . 
  problem with germans is their desire to follow people who are higher up there . 
  their media is just as shit , difference being germans gobble it up letter for letter without a question . 
  critical thinking , or individualistic behaviour is n't widely accepted . 
  fortunately the average dutch driver is a lot better than their german counterpart . 
  just saying your reasoning is flawed and historic awareness leaves much to wish for . 
  i prefer hertog jan if you 're going for a dutch pilsener . 
  heineken is a pilsener , not a beer . 
   prost !, 
  roma are n't latin , they 're indian . 
  belgium is the historical name for southern netherlands . 
  and a whole bunch of others whom still use the liter and meter . 
   and roads that would be even worse , your roads would n't only be a holed cheese but also under construction every other km . 
  i once got stuck in tirana in a sewer hole that had lost its lid . 
  there 's just a hole in the middle of a road , not like one where a mouse can crawl in , but one where 2 people fit in . 
  it 's outrageous , and then you drive into downtown tirana and the road suddenly goes from asphalt to sand/stones . 
  it 's quite an adventure in albania . 
  very amusing , but adventurous . 
   do n't over speed is one thing driving at 45/50 km/h in 80 km/h is another which is what causes the stereotype and frankly having ended up a few time bihind duch turists on road i get where it came only from bavarian pensioners on lake garda i heve seen worse . 
  probably old people on a holiday , they drive slow here as well and are incredibly dangerous . 
  britain did n't do anything , they contemplated intervening by striking the turkish second invasion , but were n't allowed to by the us . 
   yeah because the russians have the actual power to say who goes in and out of syria and the supply chain to enforce it compared to a country on it 's border . 
  they do in this case obviously , yes . 
   for not getting fines it might also just be that you never got checked or that you were within tolerance ( 10 % is usually subtracted , so 33 in a 30 zone is still fine ) . 
  i was kinda blinded by these lovely flashes on the autobahn , it was in a road-construction zone , generally that means you 're outside tolerances  . 
  no he was trying to take over take the one coming from the other side . 
  it was a 180 degrees turn 2 lane road , i drove about 90 or so , and the one on the other lane too , the third one overtook the one approaching me , i only saw him in the corner so i did what i could and went for the guard rail only nearly missing it , and he passed in the middle of us . 
  it was all very close , and we were extremely lucky that i and the one approaching me reacted appropriately . 
  he likely drove 110 or something , i would n't have survived that probably . 
  i do n't drive slow or anything , i like to drive fast , but tend to mind the speed limit as fines in the netherlands are outrageous ( driving 100 where 80 is allowed will set you back 250 euro 's , so you 're not going to do that for fun ) so exceeding the speed limit is n't very comfortable , it 's our pavlovian response to law and order . 
  when an italian sign says i can drive 80 i 'll drive 80 maybe 90 , above that just does n't feel comfortable due to the consequences . 
   31 too fast would lose you the license for a month here . 
  well that escalated quickly from $ 100 to losing your license . 
  the duration for losing your license here is determine by the prosecutor . 
  first strike is usually 3 months , but if you 've done it before , or have other relevant violations on your name it will be longer . 
   2 km/h too fast is a 10 $ fine here . 
  that explains why i never recieved my fines from germany , it just was n't worth sending them to the netherlands . 
  i 'm not , but you 're familiar with the fact only one instance is deadly , which seems relevant when discussing traffic fatalities or dangers . 
  he/she had youngs , it could 've been expected . 
  but this is more fun than dangerous really . 
  the lowest fine possible in the netherlands is 2km/h too fast , that 's 37 euro . 
  every extra km is about 10 euro 's ( a bit more ) . 
  so 29 too fast is about 350 euro give or take . 
  50 or more and you 'll lose your license and you can go back home walking . 
  i was n't driving all that slow , 90km/h was n't possible , i was doing about 60 and that was with screeching tires and slipping out of corners . 
  it 's great fun . 
  but the locals prefered to go yet a bit faster . 
  they mostly had these higher suv/4x4 's though , i ca n't really afford to have my wheels outside there at these speeds unless i want to leave half my car in france . 
  on the contrary , you will be able to break the speed limit * and have a budget surplus * . 
  merkel is going to be proud . 
   . . until you reach the alps . 
  i 've seen some truly crazy driving there , overtaking on blind uphill bends with a sheer drop a few metres away . 
  that might be more a reflection on the kinds of people who live in the mountains though !, 
  yes italians know where to find their throttle as well . 
  i once drove with 3 cars all aside each other in a 180 degree bend in the mountain , the nutjob was overtaking with + / - 100km/h in a turn he could n't see a thing , nearly made me smash in the guard rail , or worse , drop a couple of 100m straight down . 
  and even if they are , their fines are laughable . 
   slightly less agressive outside the capital . 
  not much , french people certainly like to put that throttle down on the floor . 
  there i come as dutchy putting an extra 6-7 on the speed limit with the cruise control to compensate inaccuracy and still being driven of the road left and right . 
  you guys need a fine system like ours , first time you 're ticking off 400 euro for exceeding the speed limit will be the last time for a while . 
  also the standard 90 speed limit in france , even on roads where 60km/h is really pushing the limits in those narrow twisty roads it 's a game of who dares to go faster . 
  more likely you hit the moose then vice versa . 
  if only we had spend as much as the uk , france and belgium combined , we could 've held out a month instead of 5 days . 
  damn the people favouring nice things over war back then . 
   but its better to be safe than sorry it 's not , since even if present , there 's no political will to use it . 
  it 's like buying a new car putting a blanket over it and never look at or touch it again . 
  waste of money . 
   and turkey is offering to take it on . 
  they 're not .
