  france is european enough . 
  stories about turkey are often shared as well , even though they 're not in europe . 
  yes , like a homeless should invest in a house . 
  how do you suppose the eu/homeless is going to afford that though ? 
  do n't you think if the eu/homeless had money he would n't be a homeless eu ? 
  since when does the german chancellor decide who can violate international treaties ? 
  the eu is not a creditor of italy . 
  if they want debt relief , they can it take it up to their bond holders . 
  there never was a preference to the ef typhoon . 
  the f-35 outperforms the ef in virtually every metric except dogfighting , something that would 've been nice in the '60s perhaps , but also something that is natural , considering the f-35 is a fighterbomber , the ef is intended as a fighter . 
  it 's smaller , carries less , has a smaller range , and is more vulnerable in combat zones . 
  the f-35 is n't set to be operational until at least 2019 , it is being flown and tested to find problems and solve them . 
  no problem . 
  would probably have been better to do a joined bid with the netherlands instead of waiting so long and buying it off the shelf in hindsight . 
  they already only have a residence permit only in the country they 're assigned to . 
  they 're not allowed to live or work in another country , they 're not eu citizens . 
  problem however is that every migrant has multiple identies . 
  they 'll just ask for asylum in germany/sweden/netherlands with a new name and different story . 
  no the netherlands decided for the f-35 years ago , we were a tier 2 development partner of the f-35 project . 
  we already have 2 f-35 's . 
  most f-16 replacements have already been chosen . 
  european options contended but lost . 
  so there 's that . 
  you could have had sovereignty , but a majority of scottish prefered not to . 
  german for ` great britain ' . 
  no problem , heroveren is shorter , do n't ask me why . 
  heroveren is used too of course ( probably more ) , i think the ` terug ' just makes more sense grammatically for some people than ` her ' . 
  scotland has 5 million citizens , england 55 million . 
  what do you expect , that 5 million will take the final decision ? 
  of course not , and if you do n't agree with it , then have a go at another independence referendum . 
  it 's pretty common i suppose . 
  new zealand was discovered by the netherlands after all . 
  he 'll come to claim what is ours ( then we 'll revoke his passport and you can keep him ), 
  ca n't , canada is independent now . 
   wo n't smaller national agencies be more vulnerable for the `` highest bidder '' effect ? 
   that depends who works at them . 
  in terms of the highest bidder it 's vice versa , larger organisations are more prone to corruption , and less transparent and accountible . 
  he made [ another one ] ( http://cdn-02.dagelijksestandaard.nl/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/a3584d623f_1485704723_alexandra-pechtold__list-noup.jpg ) . 
  pretty sure he recently followed a ` photoshop 101 ' course at loi . 
  that 's why the eu needs to be kept large , but shallow . 
  to avoid a german dictatorship . 
   i have quite the opposite reaction , rutte 's `` lecture '' was a great example of the masking of political decisions into strictly `` tecnocratic '' options . 
   the fact that pressing to adherence of agreed rules is what you call a ` lecture ' signals a far greater problem . 
  one where your words carry no meaning , promises are worth as much as the air you breath out , you agree now , but tomorrow that which is agreed upon is a ` lecture ' . 
   well i agree but to qualify the latest directions of the european council or the illegitimate eurogroup as a sincere commitment to those values is quite naive . 
  truth be told we all march according to the fiscal line of the german , finnish and dutch economic orthodoxy . 
  portugal is nowhere near < 60 % debt to gdp nor < 3 % deficit . 
  it 's quite rich to talk about ` trust ' while you can be trusted about as far as you can be tossed . 
  follow the rules , adhere to what is agreed , or get out of the euro . 
  as it should be . 
  but in case we are attacked , germany , the netherlands , italy and belgium have nuclear weapons . 
  because they 're closer to you and smaller organizations . 
  also cultural differences . 
  appeal to authority for example works in germany , but not in the netherlands . 
   i always was and still am a socialist , but psd must be destroyed . 
  since 90 's all they did is stealing and lying to the good people who believed in them . 
  is n't stealing and lying inherent to socialism ? 
  why not have a nato shared arsenal ? 
  oh wait , germany already has nuclear weapons . 
  perhaps it is , i have more trust in our national agency though than all the others . 
  so i would rather see them responsible , not some institution that will fabricate results if companies ca n't meet them . 
  a national agency is also more transparent and more accountible . 
  bigger is not always better . 
   that the dutch government has been able to provide results yet the pvv is still the biggest in the polls , what kind of results exactly ? 
  problem is they talk about results , but people are n't seeing any . 
  it 's nice that the dutch government changed the way they measure unemployment , and with people working 2hrs now counted as employed unemployment is down . 
  but of course these are not real results , they 're fabricated , empty rhetoric . 
  how 's it condescending to say countries need to do what they promised ? 
  a union wo n't work if people say a walk away and do b. 
  what kind of future do you envision without trust between members ? 
  i think rutte made a great stand here . 
  donetsk is n't mentioned as far as i can see . 
  only donbass which includes luhanks . 
  i agree , that 's why i prefer a national authority . 
  ca n't find the 24,3 % of donetsk number , only that 26,8 % of the donbass citizens want south-eastern ukraine to join russia . 
  because it 's open to the highest bidder . 
  i understand that if you 're from france or romania or something , but it 's different for other people . 
  in a union of averages there 's winners and losers . 
  but the one time can not be trusted . 
  if you 're worried about efficiency better not test or regulate at all . 
  if you 're , the organization that helped car manufacturers skip on emissions regulation is not your best guarantee . 
  it worked on the jews in the 1930s . 
  after all you need someone to blame . 
  if that is so than you can share something that proofs that . 
  the article only mentions it will be increased to 39,2 billion in 2020 and it would need to be 60 billion to reach 2 % . 
  unlike you i did , and they did n't increase it to 2 % . 
  the budget for 2020 is planned to be 39,2 billion euro , up from 35 billion in 2016 . 
  that 's about 1,2 % of gdp . 
  while there is a 2 in there , it 's not 2 % . 
   i 'd prefer our politicians and media work on keeping a trustworthy image and not spread garbage like this tweet . 
  it does n't contribute anything useful to our society . 
   everybody has their preferences , not everything needs to be useful . 
   or would you rather become like the usa where a president is constantly telling people that certain ( usually ) quality media are spreading lies ? 
  where millions of the population ca n't trust what they see on tv and read in the newspapers ? 
  ` quality media ' spread lies , you do n't need to be a president to observe that . 
  i would prefer people to let others ` in hun waarde ' again . 
  there seems to be increasingly little room for each other in this small country . 
  and while that is physically a fact , that has n't intellectually always been the case in our country . 
  and this is something that is not the pvv 's doing , in fact they 're more of a symptom of it if anything . 
  they did n't .
