  ngo 's do n't need permission , they can just dock in tunisia . 
  that 's the law . 
  isis has been losing ground , the west and the kurds have hammered them hard and slowly their capital is coming within reach . 
  most of the lands isis controls is a barren , desolate desert , soon the population center along the river will start to fall and that will be the end of isis as a noteworthy belligerent . 
  then it 's assad 's turn to go , fsa will not slaughter anyone , they 're not like the russians or assad , just like the post intervention iraqi government did n't slaughter any groups . 
  their power base may remain weak for a long time to come , but a weak though improving government is infinitely better than a mass murdering one . 
  even when that government requires foreign aid for a very long time . 
  it only needs support from russia , the us is n't directly involved in the conflict but is limited to isis . 
  and russia is a beligerent imperialist state , anything it lays its hands on is supposedly without solution because they 're only looking for a fight . 
  there 's no non-military option . 
  assad can step down , retire in russia , but he wo n't , so the fighting will continue . 
   i 'm not cheering on deaths , quite the opposite actually . 
  jea you are . 
  you may not realize it , but the joy with which you speak about the murder and loss of human life of those who want to depose a violent mass murdering despot speaks volumes . 
   but i 'm curious , the saa fuckup , where they were planning to launch an assault on deir ez-zur from palmyra but is overran them and got a hold of all their equipment , are you saying that was actually a planned weapons exchange ? 
  i 'm saying they 're minor skirmishes with the sole purpose to pretend that they fight isis every now and then . 
  they 're not bombing isis , they 're not shelling isis , they 're not attacking isis , they simply took a highway from isis a year or so ago that leads to aleppo and walked into palmyra after isis left , subsequently also walked out of it a couple of weeks later . 
  there has n't been any substantial fighting in that area . 
  isis and assad are basically allies , because only the fsa has legitimacy . 
  the goal is to eliminate the fsa , and with only isis left assad will secure his family 's iron reign over the country . 
  and sadly he 's able to do that with the russian airforce shelling idlib/daraa/aleppo as if it were dresden . 
  hopefuly the us can put a stop to that , but they 'll need more tomahawks than those 59 . 
  the saa is n't fighting isis , never did . 
  their goal was to strengthen isis . 
  the few minor skirmishes are put under a loop , but they do n't fight anything worth mentioning there . 
  they rain hell down upon the fsa every day , including the most heavy non-nuclear weapons mankind has , not just chemical weapons , but thermobaric bombs now . 
  i do n't know if you 're deliberately an assad apologist , i just ca n't stand the mindless repeating of the russian and assad propaganda you read , effectively making yourself a tool . 
  they are bombing all people , children , elderly , the sick , the poor , the young , with gas , with fire , with bombs , everything they can get their hands on . 
  of course it wo n't come to it themselves , people who dare mention it can get a sarin shower or thermobaric bomb on their head . 
  people have taken up arms for it , tens of thousands have died for it , dozens die for it everyday , today , yesterday , tomorrow . 
  nobody is talking about forcing anything , we just need to remove the harmful mass murdering element that 's keeping everything back . 
  he 's not necessarily worse than assad , both are known for gassing , torturing and killing their people , except saddam was strung up a noose , assad is still waiting for his . 
  the fsa will never give up , no matter how much assad and the russians may bomb or gas them . 
  russia/assad does n't fight isis , they use their full force on idlib and south of damascus and rely on the kurds and the west to keep isis occupied . 
  the revolving door does not apply here given the size of the scheme . 
  merkel , juncker , oettinger they all worked on the plot , i doubt they 're all getting a job at vw . 
  germany just likes their jobs , and they 're seeing that their industry is not future proof as they 're increasingly finding it hard to compete with new comers and are behind technology wise . 
  so for the time being with some lies and deceptions they can keep up with competitors on paper . 
  but if you consider with how many ease american competitors best them , it 's basically a dying industry . 
  they could n't do anything . 
  we know for certain the dutch did n't know anything , since they were n't involved . 
  the cars were tested and approved in germany and hungary , and that 's sufficient for whole of the eu . 
  both iraq and libya are a hell of a lot better than syria . 
  ` the rebels ' is an empty term , ` the rebels ' are n't al-qaeda , they 're dozens of branches , of which most part is the best there is to be found in syria . 
  but even al-qaeda is better than assad , the only solution to syria is fsa and the kurds , as long as the others ( assad/isis ) are there , it will be hell on earth, 
  the german authorities knew , many did not , including the dutch authorities . 
  the problem is that due to the eu , local authorities have all the power over the rules . 
  germany knowingly approved illegal tests , but these test were valid in whole the eu thanks to the eu . 
  if the eu did n't exist , the dutch authorities could simply deny vw to sell cars here . 
  he is very small in europe , given his influence is limited to english media . 
  most europeans read local news in their own language , and english news is generally of horrible quality , especially if it 's about non-english countries . 
  the fsa and isis are not allies . 
  just destroy isis and assad , then make a similar two-state solution as iraq , with an autonomous kurdish region within syria , and the rest will begin the path to a democracy under the fsa . 
  your fear mongering about ` isis , al-qaeda ' and every other scary name is gobbled up directly from assad propaganda . 
  ` look at me i 'm an evil mass murdering jack-ass , but there are groups who are even worse so please pick me , pretty please ! ', 
  the whole reason it 's a pick between ` assad and isis ' is because only the kurds and some factions of the fsa fight isis . 
  russia and assad only attack the fsa , since the us strike in afghanistan now even with thermobaric weapons , which is weakened , isis is strengthened , and assad can cling to power for the time being . 
  or just apply the law of the sea , they pick them up 12 miles from libya , from which tunisia is the nearest safe port . 
  so bring them to tunisia , and it 's fixed too . 
  it 's hard to believe the government is n't aware of that . 
  yet they do not cut funding . 
  there 's currently a competition on going between the legitimate coast guard and the ngo 's of which they 're fully aware ( the ngo 's have created their private communication channels to avoid government interference , a factor for which the smugglers are willing to pay more to the ngo for the shipping costs because ngo 's do n't confiscate vessels or arrest people ) yet the state is n't doing anything , at the very least they should stop any grants . 
  so i can only assume they 're fine with the smuggling network the ngo 's and their libyan liaisons set up . 
  currently 50 % of the migrants are smuggled by ngo 's , up from 30 % in the last half of 2016 . 
  this is due to rise further . 
  nearest safe haven , a concept stipulated in the law of the seas , is always tunisia . 
  it has nothing to do with letting them drown , ngo 's are paid to ferry them to italy . 
  not to ` save ' them . 
  what drives elements in society to do this ? 
  it 's clear it happens , what 's not clear is why , and who . 
  the states are complicit obviously , like the eu but also the national states , but it must be a limited group within the states that diverts state funds to the smugglers they hire to import these people . 
  do you know anything about this , or is this too far away from your field of work ? 
  they 're actually really competent . 
  they created the business , and are able to maintain and expand it even though so much is against . 
  all the while making us believe this is some sort of ` crisis ' that ` just happened ' and they ` ca n't help it ' . 
  ` saved ' , imported they mean , with a reversed tariff system . 
  they did n't need to bribe anyone , vw had the eu commission at its side with dieselgate . 
  murdoch is too small , the eu listens to the bigger boys , and they 're unfortunately even more maligne . 
  the eu was involved in dieselgate , it would be hypocracy to go after vw while they were partners in crime . 
  i could live with that friesland though . 
  it 's not the 7th century , but well enough . 
  only dual citizenship . 
  the revised law still stipulates citizenship shall not be revoked if it would lead to statelessness , except in the case when the person that has acquired it did so under false pretenses . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://wetten.overheid.nl/bwbr0003738/2017-03-01 ) however the largest groups in the netherlands are turks and moroccans , of both of them the vast majority has 2 passports . 
  so basically they always have dual citizenship . 
  of course other than revoking citizenship it is still possible to withdraw a passport of a person only holding one passport , making him unable to travel . 
  ( that 's what they usually do for people who intend to go fight in syria , but are caught before hand ), 
  and then you see germany . 
  because we signed a treaty that we would under normal circumstances not make people stateless . 
  dutch law only states that citizenship is revoked when one engages in violent/dangerous acts against the kingdom , or is part of a military that does . 
  although initially the government did not revoke citizenship of isis fighters because isis is not an official state , so it has no official military , and they do not engage in hostilities aimed against the kingdom , since february 2017 the minister of security and justice can now revoke citizenships of isis fighters . 
  so that 's where the line is now , join a terrorist organisation , or fight against the kingdom . 
  and they say ireland is divided today . 
  which is fine , as long as they stop whining and screeching about their so beloveth countries which they so like so much that they would n't even want to live in them . 
  of course they can . 
  it 's been a busy year . 
  last month we had the turks , last week we had the eritreans , and now the palestinians . 
  ca n't these people all get the fuck out and go to whatever shithole they glorify safely from behind the tulips . 
   he told italian mps : ` the ngos often work near to the coast and territory of libya . 
  we have calculated that in the last four months of 2016 , 30 per cent of the rescues which landed at catania were carried out by these organisations .
