  there are more examples . 
  while the 97 % or whatever the actual vote was was clearly a scam , it 's safe to say a solid majority of crimeans wanted to join russia . 
  [ 2 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crimean_status_referendum,_2014#polling ), 
  not enough oil . 
  if i was a nore , i would be more concerned . 
  so you have only numbers for the capital and the ` way more ' is actually 20 euro ( 910-930 euro ) . 
  pretty much nothing substantial . 
  i 'll add my personal experience too then , which is that other than the capital , housing is considerably more expensive in the netherlands . 
  source ? 
  i very much doubt that . 
  it does n't state the numbers for flanders there . 
  north and south holland are 19.014 euro and 18.312 euro . 
   this conviction will end up in his criminal record yes but the dutch ` criminal record ' is something different from the us one . 
  in the netherlands such convictions are n't publicly available for everybody to see depending on the severity . 
  only police , military and that sort of employers have the right to inquire about your criminal slate . 
  this all does n't matter a lot though , since everybody can find it anyway seeing as he 's a public person . 
  so i do n't think it matters that much for his career opportunities , however you strike a good point with the repeat offense argument . 
  except you 're the one doing the twisting . 
   every freedom of behavior has its limits , including speech . 
  the only thing the government can not control is your thoughts , all of your behavior is subject to the law at some point . 
  even the holy free speech in the usa has limits . 
  so we do n't have freedom of speech , glad we agree . 
   the netherlands has excellent free speech that 's a matter of opinion , i disagree . 
  the state of our limited speech is worrying . 
   stop with the hyperboles if you have a bit of integrity . 
  sotp twisting things if you have the faintest bit of integrity . 
  march 2017 . 
   that 's a bit stupid of him . 
  he got off without a punishment . 
  i do n't think he cared that much about the potential fine . 
  he 's found guilty , he finds that unacceptible ( as do i ) , he should appeal it . 
  drag it out , let 's have the public debate about freedom , the legality and display the authoritarian elements in our society . 
   so a pissed-off judge could put him in jail over this , for a year . 
  theoratically , but practically the worst punishment ever was 3 months for an nvu guy who went way further . 
  judges look at precedents , they might put the fine back on the table , but i very much doubt there would be any jail time involved . 
   how racist am i ? 
  825 picohitlers according to initial calculations , would advise second opinion though . 
  further calculations can be done with the aid of a certified calculator [ here ] ( http://robotsrule.us/picohitlers.html ) . 
  not exactly taken , we have never had it . 
  it means exactly that , freedom means without limits . 
  we do not have freedom of speech as the judge reiterated . 
  nice attempt at saving face , too bad the commission was in on the plot . 
  will they sue themselves too ? 
  i know , which is why i said ` about the most ' not * the most * . 
  italy is a bit worse here , but i doubt you pay 50 euro per month on road taxes for an average petrol car , or 100 euro per month for a diesel car . 
  if they assault our police and property with rocks , fire and glass , sure , we can and should do the same . 
  considering he 's getting a good deal of his current income from americans not bad i suppose . 
  he 's invited in the us for a speech or attendance every other week , probably spends more time state-side than our pm . 
  for everything you earn over 37.870 euro . 
  it 's layered , you do n't actually pay 50 % , but for example if you earn 40.870 euro you pay 50 % over 3.000 euro , and the other rates for the rest . 
  and important to note this is gross tax , you 'll have deductions that reduce the tax so that net it would be a bit lower depending on your personal situation . 
  he 's appealing the rule at a higher court , he was n't particularly laughing . 
   , with free speech and all . 
  the judges specifically reiterated the netherlands does n't have free speech , and added that politicians are no exception to that . 
  it 's a sad state of affairs , but it 's the legal reality . 
   they did n't cover up anything . 
  they covered it up already , they only broke formation when they realized they could n't stop it . 
  that depends . 
  when you get hungary like conditions with dozens of people attacking a fence and guards with rocks , fire , glass etc. 
  warning shots should be in order * with rubber bullets * . 
  they should also be followed by aimed shots , with rubber bullets . 
  naturally when someone crosses a border in an orderly fashion , for as far as that 's possible illegally , this should n't be a thing . 
  i do n't think so , but there 's no way around it . 
  cars and motorcycles are significantly cheaper in germany , but even when you buy a car there and import it you 're still paying the bpm when you register for a license plate . 
  and then we have n't touched the taxes when you actually own the car . 
  about the most expensive fuel in europe , among the highest road taxes in europe , insurance taxes etc. 
  regardless we do have a lot of cars , because our govenrment is n't concerned with providing a good alternative like public transport either . 
   and we 're even failing at the latter one . 
  because of lack of effort from the ` representation ' . 
  neither full representative nor full direct democracy seems desirable , but i 'm convinced a sway to a more direct democracy is necessary , it 's time the old-boys club retires , and we get a more bottom-up political swing again . 
  yes , the eu has also consistently complained about the legality and function in the modern economy of the bpm , the commission has exerted pressure for years for the government to remove it . 
  but our government only listens to the eu when it hurts the citizens , not when it hurts the government income . 
   do you have a source for that ? 
  i checked the dutch inflation around that time and there was n't anything unusual . 
  there has been a big disagreement between the public and the national bank about that for years . 
  they changed the measuring definitions and the numbers to avoid the statistics showing what the people feared . 
  the then central bank governor later admitted ` his wife was right ' . 
  ( his wife said prices rose massively , while the bank he represented was ordered to deny that ) it was apparent to anyone , everything basically became 1:1 with the gulden except your salary . 
  the official exchange rate was 1 euro for 2,20 gulden . 
  i do n't share your opinion . 
  our taxes are lower actually , belgians pay 50 % for anything above 37.870,01 euro , 45 % for everything between $ 20.660,01 and $ 37.870 , and 40 % for anything between $ 12.400,01 and $ 20.660 . 
  that 's considerably higher than the netherlands . 
  taxation is higher in flanders , at least income taxation . 
  do n't know about indirect taxation . 
  because gains from production/service can be witnissed in an increase of wages or in capital . 
  it 's mostly a disparity in economic growth , there 's some minor growth , but it 's accumulated in capital at the top . 
  the rest of the country has seen years of rising prices and falling or stagnated wages . 
  gdp is n't that great of a figure . 
  per m2 of living space they would probably be the poorest regions in the country . 
  holland is not doing worse , the provinces of holland have the same color and have as much citizens as flanders . 
  bread for breakfast ? 
  huh , a true dutchman eats his oatmeal raw in the morning . 
  bpm is charged on all vehicles , cars , motorcycles , petrol , diesel , lpg , new , second hand-imported etc. 
  eco-friendly cars can get a discount , but that 's temporarily . 
  also vat is charged over bpm , so you pay taxes over taxes . 
   for direct democracy you need a politically engaged public , we already have that . 
   though i do insist the teslas are rated for 426km range not 50-60 tesla 's are not affordable cars . 
  it 's quite easy really , if we ca n't handle this together we can not have open borders with each other . 
  people can hold up this charade for a while , but eventually they 'll be pointing at the elephant in the porcelain cabinet . 
  the wind turbines that produce about 2 % of our energy ?
