  makes them confused and angry . 
  thing is they did n't have the upbringing we had , at their age they 're just generally chanceless in our society . 
   the fact is that if you 're a refugee from any third world country most places in europe you 'd be fine from a material standpoint , it 's just that these people do n't know that . 
  it 's not a matter of not knowing , it 's a matter of not being what they 're looking for . 
  do n't you think it is a bit arrogant to pretend you know better what they want or need then they themselves ? 
   i said that for someone that 's leaving a place where you simply ca n't live anymore any country in europe is and will meet the following criteria :  and i said that the people we 're talking about are n't doing that . 
  they 're not looking for peace , and they will not find more prosperity in spain than the land they 're coming from . 
  yes , last year or so philips sold their last share in tpvision ( which makes the philips tv 's ) , the only thing from eindhoven on a philips tv is the brand-sticker , and maybe some patents . 
  ( ambilight and all ) philips is doing pretty bad at the moment anyway , they sold nearly everything . 
  the only thing that remains is the healthcare branche and some home appliants ( tooth brushes and razor blades ) , the lighting division is separated . 
   all g.t. 
  ( the monitor is using her initials to protect her anonymity ) knew about portugal in 2014 was that it would be easier to go through the airport security with fake eu passports . 
  after fleeing syria 's civil war , her family had not planned to stay in lisbon . 
  it was only supposed to be a safe stopover for them and their little boy on their journey to sweden . 
  but she and her husband overlooked one detail : if you arrive in the european union from abroad , airport personnel check all your documentation . 
  so when g.t. 
  was detained at the airport in a country which she knew nothing about , she despaired . 
   `` i was devastated . 
  i must have looked devastated because a lady at the airport stopped me before arresting me ... . 
  she said : ` look outside the window . 
  what do you see ? ' i glanced outside the window , ` i only see the sky . 
  what do you want me to see ? ' she said : ` it 's europe . 
  you 're here . 
  stop being so selfish and start thinking about your son . ' ''  ` game over . ', 
  last year , mr. figueroa , the spanish lawyer , took a syrian couple with four children into his home . 
  they did n't want to stay in madrid -- they knew there were no jobs . 
  they wanted to continue north to germany . 
   all they could talk about was germany , he says . 
  but after they arrived in the city of dortmund , they were forced to sleep in a gym and their situation remained precarious . 
  after three months , they were back in madrid -- asking for the lawyer 's help . 
  figueroa soon found out that their plan was n't to remain in spain , but to go back . 
  the syrian man said his mother-in-law , back in damascus , was gravely ill . figueroa begged him to stay in madrid , a safe place where he could find a job and a comfortable life for his family . 
  the syrian man did n't want to listen . 
  figueroa recalls him saying : ` game over . 
  game over . '  the lawyer got one last text from the family when they got to morocco and has n't heard from them since . 
  he 's convinced they went back to damascus out of their disappointment with europe . 
   [ ... ]  despite the showcase of solidarity in both countries , it 's not clear how many refugees are willing to stay in portugal or spain , instead of trying to reach germany , sweden , or norway . 
  recently , seven refugees languishing in italy refused to board a plane after realizing it was headed to spain . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://www.csmonitor.com/world/europe/2016/0526/while-refugee-crisis-roils-eu-spain-and-portugal-eagerly-await-their-syrians )  a ec spokeswoman natasha bertaude , said the relocation of 160,000 refugees agreed by eu countries is being hampered by people wanting to choose their own destination , rather than accepting that they will go where they are sent . 
   [ . . ]  of 40 asylum seekers offered relocation to spain , just 12 people agreed to go , the others preferring to wait until a better offer pops up . 
  [ 2 ] ( http://algarvedailynews.com/news/7329-refugees-do-not-want-to-come-to-portugal ), 
  that they leave everything behind and any country in europe will be enough . 
  they do n't leave anything behind because they do n't have anything , they 're young males who are bored and have no opportunities at home . 
  not any country will suffice , they want to go to sweden or germany , not portugal or spain . 
  if he 's ahead he will have most seats , wether he 's in a coalition or not . 
  but he can be sidelined indeed , even if he is the biggest party . 
  which does n't say a lot by the way as there are 28 parties who will participate in the coming election . 
   but honestly if you have got to the point that you have to leave everything behind ... any country in europe can and will be enough for someone to try to live in peace and with some prosperity , really . 
  that 's a common misconception , it 's simply not the case . 
  portugal offered many spots as well , the migrants do n't want to go to either portugal or spain . 
  unless you want to force them to come to spain they 're wasting effort in catalonia . 
  that 's not pp 's fault , the migrants do n't want to go to spain and refuse their offers . 
  we do n't have a head of parliament , only a chairman and he/she is n't elected by the people but by parliament itself . 
  generally the biggest party gets the first opportunity to seek a coalition with a majority mandate ( 76 + seats ) , if he fails , it 's up to the second in line to try . 
  spot on . 
   not in political debates . 
  in economic ones , yes . . 
  but they 'll have no part in this `` kicking the can down the road '' bs so european politicians can get re-elected again . 
   that 's exactly what they let themselves into . 
  the imf was used to spread nonsense and to keep a straight story until they no longer could . 
  even the data they spread and worked with was politically motivated , none of it ever added up . 
  that 's not economics , that 's politics . 
   individual countries have different lines , but the netherlands has pretty much matched the eu 's the whole time . 
  it has n't . 
   as late as march 2010 , with concerns about the greek government 's ability to pay its debts roiling markets , europe 's leaders wanted the imf to stay away . 
  europeans feared that the fund 's financial assistance to one of their own would signal broader weakness in the currency union . 
  as jean-claude juncker famously put it : `` if california had a refinancing problem , the united states would n't go to the imf . '' this is just a political game , the imf was included because some members wanted it not for any other reason . 
  to the public they lied , as they always do . 
  that statement is pure fiction . 
   the difference is that the imf has since realised that it has no right to invest money in a sinking ship . 
  since the esm bailout requires a 3.5 % primary surplus and imf analyses state that a 3.5 % primary surplus would make greece getting out of this hole infeasible , nothing can get done unless somebody compromises . 
  ` since ' , as if they did n't know from the start what they were getting in to . 
  do you take the imf for fools ? 
   but compromise from eu countries will be costly ( politically ) and there is n't time to have elections first . 
  nor will the imf assist them in `` kicking the ball '' . 
  without imf there 's no bail-out , and greece goes bankrupt . 
  so the imf feels empowered now , and they 're forced to , because not all imf members appreciate the games that are played with the imf . 
  thanks . 
   the imf has no official interest in eu politics , it does n't , but they let themselves get dragged in tail to paw none the less . 
  not it in the least because europe has a lot of influence in the imf . 
   while a lot of the eu was offended at its involvement . 
  while some in the eu demanded it . 
  the netherlands will not be involved in a bail-out without the imf . 
  has been said before , and recently been repeated by parliament . 
  no imf , no bail-out . 
  that depends what people do with it . 
  but blunder is also a dutch word for blunder . 
  flater is an awkward blunder , ` blooper ' is more accurate i think . 
  ` flater ' is dutch for ` blooper ' . 
  guust flater , had them , and still do . 
  do you think it is * either or * these extremes ? 
  i 'm sure nazism was n't the source of genocide either . 
  were very popular in the netherlands as well . 
  still have them on vhs collecting dust . 
  when i renovated my garden 2 years ago i also found presumably 2 tools . 
  no idea how old they 're , but they 're very odd . 
  one has the shape of an axe ( though no hole for a handvat or anything ) , it is clearly worked , the ` blade ' side is curved as is custom , and sharpened , but the sharp side is clearly crafted very unprecisely with a large tool , so it kind of has a wavy cutting side where you can see where it was worked and some rough edges were pieces were broken off . 
  the stone itself is pretty distinct , it 's brownish semi-transperent and smooth as silk , feels almost glassy . 
  it looks identical to a vuursteen . 
  [ this is ] ( http://www.thecoinhunter.com/media/bodemvondsten/steentijd/vuursteen_schrabber2.gif ) exactly what the stone looks like .
