  [ 9 ] of which abraham lincoln is the most popular one . 
   bavarian is a major group of upper german varieties spoken in the southeast of the german language area , largely covered by bavaria and austria . 
  it forms a continuum of more or less mutually intelligible local and regional variants . 
  -----  dahy-uh-lekt - a variety of a language that is distinguished from other varieties of the same language by features of phonology , grammar , and vocabulary , and by its use by a group of speakers who are set off from others geographically or socially . 
  bavarian is a dialect and mutually intelligible with the other german dialects . 
   i am not racist lol , i am white myself . 
  your skin color does n't exclude you from being racist , in fact you are a racist , and an ill-mannered one at that too . 
  which means you lack empathy . 
  the qualification is not messy at all . 
  it 's very simple really , a dialect is mutually intelligible and a different language is not . 
  the german ultra nationalistic definitions or historical revisionist ideas are simply not to be taken serious . 
  it is not considered a dialect at all depending on government position . 
  bavarian is of course not a language , which has nothing to do with a government , army or navy , it is simply a dialect as it is german with minor variations . 
  if they were prudent they would stop exporting gas . 
  turn down production to only meet our own needs , then we have 25 years of a relatively clean source to slowly transition to more durable sources . 
  even if she wanted to show respect to somebody that died because of her , who says the family even wanted her there . 
  if you have had a stroke that could explain it . 
  for those who have n't , it is not . 
  and how did that work out . 
  not so good for the people inhabiting the lands they took or those bordering them . 
  traditionally the biggest party gets the first opportunity to try and form a coalition . 
  it 's not necessarily fragmented , they just need to service more representatives and achieve a compromise , which means more pluralities get to be represented in the netherlands . 
  they still tend to be able to do what they must , though nobody will have it their way , which is a good thing . 
  that 's because it 's used to discredit any russian or someone agreeing with a russian arguing these days , not to call out ussr pr techniques . 
  vnl does have seats , the fractie is just officially called ` groep bontes/van klaveren ' at the moment . 
  they were not , but they still have seats . 
  opposition does n't get finances in france , the french establishment agreed with the french banks not to give money to political adversaries . 
  they do n't give opposition much choice but to seek for money outside france . 
  this is why it is preferable the state pays political parties fees , so they do n't require to whore themselves and you prevent entangled interests . 
  as if there 's any caring to speak of vice versa . 
  whataboutism is not mentioning a precedent , whataboutism is mentioning something wrong the west did/does which is completely unrelated . 
  vnl and denk have seats too . 
  ( though denk is currently called groep koesen en oesterturk , or short grko , and vnl groep bontes/van klaveren ), 
  all the parties mentioned except artikel 1 and geenpeil ( they 're both ) actually have seat ( s ) in parliament currently . 
  amazingly accurate . 
  for a german every third political party would seem a lot . 
  they could if guyana was mostly inhabited by brazilians who wanted to join brazil and the french armed forces would n't be able to repel such attempts . 
  you just have a hard time reading responses because of your considerable bias towards one end of the spectrum . 
  certain words trigger you into a state where you 're no longer receptive to words . 
  someone was implying we 're better of without democracy because he did n't like other people 's opinions . 
  if the people have no say in governance , the people need not pay for that ` governance ' , as it is not their governance . 
  no they do not need friends , a 65 million people society could n't possibly even have ` friends ' . 
  `` no taxation without representation . '', 
  there are a lot of differences , one of them being that people are n't merely looking for food anymore . 
  something you do n't seem to understand yet . 
  it 's new for this generation , not for history . 
  mass immigration has happened before , it usually ended up in the collapse of societies and empires . 
  we 're witnessing one , the only new thing is that we 're actually aiding in our own demise . 
  you 're the ones drowning them , do n't blame it on someone else . 
  you make them go out there , not me . 
  i 'm ` european ' and i see nothing decent about it . 
  you must 've a different definition of laws and human decency . 
  there 's nothing ` decent ' about traficking/trading vulnerable humans and pushing them into death or harm . 
  there are no laws that say ` start a human traficking network that will kill hundreds , harm thousands and throw a continent into political chaos ' . 
  why else are you people doing it then ? 
  love you too . 
  the area 's with the highest birthrates are the ones with the lowest amount of immigrants . 
  the area 's with the lowest birthrates have the highest amount of immigrants . 
  mass immigration is nothing new . 
  they 're not . 
  relatively more , but not nominally . 
  it was isle of man that had to come to the rescue with all 2 inhabitants , including tough keyboard guy / u/monnetdelors , invading germany . 
  french democracy , voting for candidates the banks have endorsed . 
  and they say capital rules in the us . 
  careful what you wish for , total war always ends up in crying for germans , so history taught us . 
  you 're quite the man as long as it is about poles are n't you . 
  not particularly , people prefer their own media . 
  the lingua franca is used to communicate with people who do n't understand you otherwise , not for reading news in the morning . 
  easy there nazi german , you 're 8 decades late with your ideas . 
  not particularly , this is how the world works . 
  murdoch only stands out because the rest of europe is being spoon fed from a different agenda . 
  especially in france . 
  try strolling through the richer neighbourhoods in marseille for example , their walls around the urban estates are higher than alcatraz , with iron bars and glass shrepnel masoned in . 
  i 'm sure they would vote for macron behind these defenses . 
  you can be a 3rd or 4th generation immigrant , or you can be part of french society . 
  that 's all up to yourself , and you have no one else to blame but yourself for choosing the former over the latter . 
  apparently swiss is also a language now , they no longer speak french , german and italian in switserland . 
  i believe catalonia has the right to secede , but spanish law requires a nationwide referenda , which would obviously not be in favour . 
  catalonia wants an unlawful referendum , they do not have this right universally neither from local nor international law , but then again laws are to serve the people , people are not to serve the law . 
  there is if you consider that ` colonies ' with either some form of autonomy or the same rights as their mother state are no longer colonies . 
  in other words colonies are territories without any saying over themselves , no voting in elections of their mother state nor voting for local governance . 
  hence they must be given either one of them in any form . 
  spain does not recognize kosovo as an indepedent state . 
  they 're the road into spain literally ( due to mountain ranges to the north-west ) , catalonians believe this gives them power over madrid . 
  ` freezed out of the eu ' would mean a physical barrier between spain and the eu as much as a physical barrier between catalonia and the eu . 
  it 's not meant to be an accurate representation , the wide hips and large breasts indicate good fertility , fat stomach indicate good foraging skills . 
  the question is wether the problem is big corporations evading these taxes , or sme 's paying them . 
  a system with corporation tax replaced with a capital gain tax seems preferential if we want a fair economic system with continued free trade and an end to state-aid and state market disruption with international corporations, 
  guldens were definitely prettier than euro 's . 
  there 's zero proof of any substantial russian interference in the elections . 
  the leaked democrat files came from within the democrat party itself as a result of an internal struggle . 
  it 's more fake news from the nytimes as always . 
  and spanish is close to romanian . 
  they 're separate languages , regardless of your ultra ( ethnic ) nationalist past and the confusing name of your state you do n't own anything ` germanic ' . 
  german looks as much like dutch as vice versa , and either are a different language and can not be mutually understood unlike dialects . 
  vlaams or gronings is a dialect , german or frisian a language . 
  more horse shit . 
  dutch ended up as language for the same reason german did n't end up being dutch , they are separate languages from a same family root of languages which spans multiple current languages which are as related as romanian and portuguese are . 
  horse shit . 
  absolute bullshit .
