  we do not agree . 
  in specific cases it could be possible , in other cases not . 
  in the cases it would be possible we often do not do it , because we choose to get along with each other in a more civilized way . 
  i doubt it , but you can choose to work 4 days anyway , nobody is forcing you to work 5 . 
  unfortunate for romanians/bulgarians , but the brits and irish owe it to themselves . 
  state corruption does n't fall under the competences of a foreign court . 
  only in specific circumstances . 
  they would need to actually violate the law in a given country , and you would still rely on the hungarian government actually extraditing him/her . 
  regardless this is not something for others to be involved in and would set a really bad precedent , we do n't prosecute fillon or sarkozy either even though they 're criminals . 
  misusing eu funds would likely amount to a crime under several jurisdictions . 
  but orban has diplomatic immunity , the only jurisdiction he falls under is the hungarian or in special circumstances the un . 
  when he ever loses his job you might try to prosecute him in for example austria , and if he 's convicted you might arrest him if he ever enters austria . 
  but you can not prosecute let alone arrest the pm of a country . 
  even regular ministers ( non fm/pm ) is a hot potato . 
  we reach a lot of agreements , but we 've reached an impasse on this one . 
  it is not possible with the immigration issue so far , and unlikely to ever be . 
  everybody dug their heels in , and the difference in opinion is n't some sort of detail , but ever encompassing . 
  you ca n't prosecute orban in germany or any other state . 
  you can prosecute hungarian criminals in different jurisdictions if they commit crimes in different jurisdictions , like you always can , but that 's not what you said . 
  that 's why it said ` much ' not all . 
  it did not originate with the brits , it originates from the vikings ( norway/denmark ) . 
  they brought parliaments to other regions , such as the british isles . 
  yes . 
   it shall exercise the functions of prosecutor in the competent courts of the member states in relation to such offences . 
  art . 
  86 section 2 lisbon treaty . 
   it 's good that the euro is n't fixed in place , since its ability to float relative to other currencies is a useful mechanism . 
  provided the market determines the value , it would . 
  but at the moment it 's the ecb throwing around cash out to big corporations that is hammering the euro 's value . 
   if austrians suddenly invented amazingly efficient ways to do a whole bunch of things , they 'd be exporting like crazy , and so the euro would strengthen and they 'd be able to buy more stuff than they were . 
  that 's not true , the ecb is lowering the value preventing the austrians from collecting their figurative pay-check . 
   it set the tone for much of the ~ ~ world 's ~ ~ anglosphere 's democracy . 
  the british endorsed fptp in a referendum though . 
  i do n't have a high regard for the british system with the inherited lord status and religious seats , as well as the fptp and constituent system , but the brits themselves seem to like it . 
  that 's only possible if you agree on how to solve it . 
  which we do n't . 
  you ca n't force other members to solve it your way , at least not without doing more damage than good . 
  we already have that on the 5th of may . 
  do n't other countries have a similar day ? 
  hungary is n't part of the eppo initiative . 
  i would imagine so , they 're harvesting innocent brits in there and converting them to stalkers . 
  it 's true , it 's fantastic . 
  for now indeed , but a lot can change the next years . 
  there 's still a bit that 's not independent . 
  that 's because generally only brits use it , and even among them only a few do . 
  it 's the same with cyprus i suppose , we all call it cyprus and northern cyprus , but no doubt the turks would occasionally use southern cyprus . 
  brexitish isles and irish isles . 
  to be fair , you ca n't reconstruct something without destroying it first . 
  yes , everybody is biased , everybody is politicized , everybody is lying except russia , syria and / u/autogegner . 
  go shill somewhere else for your dollars . 
  we have a bigger economy than switzerland , poland , sweden and austria , yet they all have taller structures . 
  so we will have to up our game here . 
   though we 're already taller than finland and belgium , so we 've got that covered . 
  they do n't , but it 's still pretty cool . 
  however the zalmhaventoren is yet to be build . 
  it does kind of fit our economic status to have some tall structures i suppose . 
  though the germans are at 300m ( commerzbank ) , so we have a long way to go . 
  we also have the gerbrandytower which is 372m . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://www.radiofreak.nl/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/gerbrandytorenkerst.jpg ) but i suppose that one is not a skyscraper ( since it 's a radio tower ), 
  well yea , we do n't have extremely large ones , but we have 46 buildings who are taller than 100m ( without antenna 's , flags or other things ) , and 3 which are taller than 150m , the highest one being 165m . 
  the tallest man made structure in the netherlands is 372m though . 
  it does not depend on how it is weaponized , using munitions , regardless which , on civilians is always prohibited . 
  they 're not currently in a war , but they would if they were . 
  cluster munitions are much more effective than regular munitions . 
  in civilian areas it is . 
  the use of incendiary weapons for military purposes is n't . 
  you appear to be ill informed . 
   in august 2016 , a confidential report by the united nations and the opcw explicitly blamed the syrian military of bashar al-assad for dropping chemical weapons ( chlorine bombs ) on the towns of talmenes in april 2014 and sarmin in march 2015 and isis for using sulfur mustard on the town of marea in august 2015 . 
  [ 1 ] several other attacks have been alleged , reported and/or investigated . 
  the last chemical weapons attack perpetrated by the regime was november 25th , 2016 , before the one on april 4 2017 . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/use_of_chemical_weapons_in_the_syrian_civil_war ), 
   a skyscraper is a tall , continuously habitable building having multiple floors . 
  when the term was originally used in the 1880s it described a building of 10 to 20 floors but now describes one of at least 40 -- 50 floors . 
  [ 1 ] mostly designed for office , commercial and residential uses , a skyscraper can also be called a high-rise , but the term `` skyscraper '' is often used for buildings higher than 50 m ( 164 ft ) . 
  for buildings above a height of 300 m ( 984 ft ) , the term `` supertall '' can be used , while skyscrapers reaching beyond 600 m ( 1,969 ft ) are classified as `` megatall '' . 
  [ 2 ] the lower structures with the 2 triangle roofs are 104m , the one on the background on the right is 146m , the sloping building on the background left is 142m . 
  these can pretty safely be called skyscrapers . 
  neither purpose is banned , it is not a chemical weapon . 
  there has been an investigation and there 's prove . 
   tell me , if you will - will you ever be content with the amount of blood you 've spilt in your pointless destabilizing wars around the world or is there no measurable quantity that would satisfy your bloodlust ? 
  fucking hell , a russian is actually saying this while mass murdering their neighbours of all people . 
  you sir/madam , are beyond redemption . 
  it was n't just that , but the russians were happily standing next syrian planes departing with chemical weapons . 
  russia is more than just indirectly responsible for the use of nerve agents . 
  they used that airbase , and they had to vacate their material to avoid being hit by the missiles . 
  neither was iraq , but people have a very short memory . 
  the use of chemical weaponry can not go unpunished any longer . 
  that 's a message trump now delivered to syria/russia who use them , something obama refused to do . 
  greece is not a signatory on that convention , greece uses cluster munitions . 
  lemon detergent you use to clean your dishes is chemical too . 
  white phosphorous is not a chemical weapon , it is not used for ` chemical assaults ' , and its use is allowed under international law given some limitations . 
  white phosphorous is n't a chemical weapon , and is n't illegal either . 
  ( international law merely does n't allow the use of it within civilian area 's ), 
  these cluster munitions were sold in the 1980s and 1990s . 
  recently most of europe agreed to outlaw cluster munitions ( except greece ) , but that is n't really relevant to historic sales you ca n't undo . 
  interesting how high return to national currencies scores . 
  we 'll have to wait , counting the dead and reporting to the media is n't a priority at this stage . 
  if they want to be obliterated they can . 
  russia and the us communicate about their operations . 
  when the asf is operating somewhere , the russian airforce will not be allowed to come close .
