  that 's their choice , not yours . 
  it 's not illegal to organize a rally in the netherlands . 
  if they 've the right permits it 's in good order . 
  whatever they 're going to say or march for is not dutch government position , nor is it a mandate from the dutch people . 
  it 's just some scottish emigrants and snp politicians organizing a rally in the hague . 
  it was a good photoshop , but people know pechtold would never be there . 
   sure within a minute of research you can find out that it did n't actually happen but tons of people do n't do that kind of research . 
  and tons of people believe in niburu , tons of people think obama is a lizard , or that hitler secretly resides on the north pole . 
  whatever tons of people think is not always very interesting . 
   you may think it 's funny but it was clearly not intended as a joke i do n't know if it was intended to be a joke or not , frankly i do n't care either . 
  it 's so stupid anyone with half a brain will know it 's fake . 
  no cartoon should be illegal . 
  he 's not my ` great fake-blond leader ' , if i were anything like you i would have to demand you be locked up in prison for fake news/alternative facts . 
  everybody is getting death threats these days . 
  that 's a separate issue . 
  the picture is hilarious though . 
  no but the king is part of the government with the ministers . 
  the government can deploy the army , without any type of vote . 
  wether that be in defense of the kingdom , in defense of an ally , or for international peace/stability/rule of law . 
  i think it 's hilarious . 
  no need for it to be illegal . 
  no , the king is head of the ` regering ' , which is the cabinet ( all ministers ) and the king . 
  de ` regering ' ( government ) decides autonomously over use of the armed forces as described in the constitution in adherence to the un charters . 
  only in case of an offensive war ( which is internationally illegal ) would the government require consent of both parliament and senate at the same time . 
  it 's important to note that the netherlands itself does not have an army , but the kingdom does . 
  the kingdom of the netherlands consists of 4 states ( aruba , curacao , sint maarten , and the netherlands ( including saba , st eustatius and bonaire ) . 
  what are these dutch numberplates doing in rabat ? 
   both missions were more or less betrayed by higher-ups in letting them go down alone . 
   but you are right the story of the dutch is on another level . 
   still each of the others probably thought of the same rules . 
  probably yes . 
   edit : on a side note there is a really haunting documentary about unamir : http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0424435/ thanks , an 8,2 rating warrants a view . 
  i 'm not wel phrased in either jadotville ( i did see the movie , quite a good one ) or unamir , but were they comparable ? 
  srebrenica was a stab in the back as underequiped soldiers were given away as bargaining chips by nato , and kicked afterwards without any shame as scapegoats too . 
  i do n't think either of these are really on the same level of betrayal . 
  i do n't know , i 've never seen him in a constructive role . 
  he could i suppose , provided he has some qualities he hides well . 
  that is up to them . 
  war is a rather broad term . 
  he did n't say ` unprovoked offensive war ' . 
  modern warfare is n't based on an official declaration of war anymore . 
  for example the no-fly zone in libya , intervention in iraq , our troops in mali/car , afghanistan , the aircampaign in syria they all do not need a declaration of war and no parliamentary approval . 
  an official declaration of war is not given by parliament either , both parliament and senate are convened together to decide on that ( to prevent one to deny it and the other to approve it ) but the concept of declaring war is pretty outdated . 
  sometimes the government does ask for parliamentary permission out of political reasons , but it is not required . 
  the constitution also states that approval of parliament and senate is not required if it 's already too late . 
  in defense approval is never needed , but if for example france is attacked , the government can declare war on the attacking party without further approval . 
  if you ca n't trust your partners in times of crises , best to keep your own hands on the button . 
  ( for context , the rule was implemented because a french general sold nato airsupport to be provided by dutch f16 's on duty , to serbia because the serbs had french hostages . 
  in exchange for these hostages the french general would deny airsupport to srebrenica . 
  the dutch f16 's watched from the sky as their compatriots were facing mbt 's with small arms , not allowed to intervene , it was decided that this would not happen again ) under current rules the french general would be relieved of command over all dutch assets , and they could have assisted their colleagues as they saw fit . 
  since srebrenica the highest dutch officer on duty has the right to withdraw dutch troops and material from nato command at his/her leasure . 
  the dutch army does n't need approval to be used from any parliament . 
  it can be deployed immediately by the cabinet/king . 
  the netherlands does not require parliamentary approval to use the armed forces , not from our own , and most certainly not from yours . 
  you have your own defense , we have ours . 
  the armed forces of the kingdom are the armed forces of aruba , netherlands , curacao and sint maarten , nobody else . 
  while true that much can be gained in terms of less costs and more capabilities without yielding too much sovereignty by joining procurement bids , it never worked really well in europe . 
  because the bids are not based on competition between manufacturers , but they 're based on a pulling contest on who can get the manufacturer inside their borders . 
  tons of european projects that were complete failures and ended up costing more and never reaching desired results . 
  governments pull out , order less than promised , want all sorts of personal exceptions to equipment etc. 
  wilders compromised before , last time in the ` gedoogcoalitie ' he dropped the pension age point within a day . 
  vvd did n't say they wo n't form a coalition with the pvv , party officials have actually advised party leadership not to exclude them to avoid ` making their voters doomed people ' . 
  mark rutte goes back and forth as is custom , he does not rule out a coalition with the pvv but said the odds are 0,1 % and after that 0,0 % but ` he does n't rule it out ' . 
   \u201e ik sluit een partij niet uit , want dan zeg je tegen kiezers dat je hun problemen niet serieus neemt . '' but there 's a difference between what politicians say before elections and after . 
  they can form a coalition with 50plus , which is expected to get some seats , but they 'll need more . 
  that should be illegal . 
  most ` mgm ' / circumcision is done out of medical necessity . 
  ( pain , inflammation , problems with peeing ), 
   `` we are taking every precaution to record ** genital piercings that have been done within an abusive context . 
  ** telegraph --  `` taking every precaution to record ** genital piercings that have been done within an abusive context '' ** independent --  the department of health says it will take `` every precaution '' to record ** `` abusive '' genital piercings . 
  these are tough times , we do n't all live in germany where people retire before 70 . 
  the netherlands has proportional representation without a threshold . 
  28 parties participate in the coming elections about a dozen will have seats . 
  to govern in the netherlands you need a coalition , and geert wilders has not made that easy for himself . 
  bless you . 
  the eu is n't closing down anything . 
  they have n't come any further than talking . 
  the eu created tax heavens , they did n't close them . 
  france alone can impose restrictions on tax havens . 
  sort of yes . 
  it flaired up in 2014 , during mh17 venezuela thought it was a good time to try things out as they marched their fleet into dutch territorial water . 
  the last confrontation was in 1908 though . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch%e2%80%93venezuelan_crisis_of_1908 ), 
  it 's not a childrens toy . 
  france can perfectly have its own currency . 
  it did ( and wallonia too ) . 
  but flanders was poor and majority french back then , they revolted 15 years later and when the netherlands invaded the french army backed the belgians . 
  dutch forces withdrew with the exception of antwerpen , they digged in there and fought with the french but ultimately had to withdraw . 
  though we kept limburg and zeeuws vlaanderen from belgium , the rest became an independent country called belgium . 
  i agree . 
  but being in this eu hurts the west too . 
  multiple issues going on currently are a dead-end , including unlimited immigration , but also tax evasion , austerity , corruption and debt politics . 
  unfortunately the former striders for the eu decided this is not up for debate , so little other option is left for opposition than to call for leaving the eu . 
  mbt 's are used as ranged weapons too in ` modern ' warfare . 
  the most common tank there ( t-72 ) has a firing range of just under 10km 's and can use guided munitions . 
  the location the grads were is actually just outside the urban city on the bypass . 
  finland and sweden do n't have nukes . 
  perhaps . 
  it takes more than a newly elected president to change a system . 
   just from the command structure , which is n't that major if you think about it .
