   they would have lived better had they not been colonised . 
  i doubt it . 
   non-colonised countries like siam fared better on all indicators than colonised ones like india . 
  rather an empty train of thought you have there . 
  colonized countries like canada and australia fare better than non-colonized ones . 
   they might have avoided the horrors of the partition and the bengal famine too . 
  because britain brought islam to india/pakistan and invited the japanese to invade burma ? 
  were the british responsible for pompeii too ? 
  tried searching too but could n't find anything , odd . 
  we just found something the internet does n't sell , how rare is that . 
  3d printing is possible with metals these days , quite expensive though still . 
  we were given access after a while . 
  they had to evacuate often though because ukraine tried to conquer the area and stray fire hit the crash site . 
  well , you know , the netherlands perhaps ? 
  the other countries who had passengers were willing to help as well . 
   is n't europe able to defend themself ? 
   if not , should n't it start to ? 
  if it ca n't run a monetary zone , nor a borderzone , why expect it to run a security zone . 
  better to have the us at your side than 28 mumbling grannies weaving a sweater in brussels . 
  better to send tanks . 
  aircraft can be flown from the us to europe in a day with a couple of tanker aircraft , hauling tanks and ifv 's takes a lot more time , effort and hardware . 
  it feels as if things might be more serious than they look if the us government takes it serious . 
  never really understood why no effort was made to move all mh17 debris/remains back to the netherlands . 
  it was n't exactly only small pieces they left behind either . 
  some human remains i can get behind ( locals buried the remains because they were lying in the open scorching sun for days in high summer-july , not to mention scavenging animals moving them ) but much of the rest , why was it never properly cleaned up ? 
  it should not , pretty much all foreign aid in the eu comes from a handful of countries . 
  that gives them in this case influence , the rest can find their own tools if they need them . 
  muslim countries are the worst countries on the planet . 
  there are n't any countries on this planet more deserving of criticism than iran , saudi-arabia , syria , iraq , libya and the like . 
   at the very least their meaning is interconnected , not on the scale you 're claiming . 
  ancestry is a part of it , but a much more recent one . 
  yes it was , but they used turks due to the religious tolerance/freedom the turks had at the time . 
  they sang ` even though the turk is not christian , he never burned one for his religion ' . 
  refering to the spanish inquisition burning protestants in the netherlands . 
  neither is saying ` no it is not ' , but here we are . 
  i 'll explain it , colonies were often only small settlements , 'em pires ' did not actually occupy or colonize whole modern state boundaries , they send a couple of hundred people to construct a fort or settlement along a coast somewhere , the size of the colony would be determined by the effective impact of said settlement on the surroundings , usually the limitations were the reach of the first power able to challenge you be it local or foreign . 
  a dutch settlement constructed in japan is as such a colony , it did n't have the backyard as its personal asset , but was allowed to make use of it as a commercial asset . 
  it is the same as a colony actually . 
  funny enough in the netherlands we had a saying ; ` liever turks dan paaps ' . 
  ( * ` liver turcx dan paus ' * in 16th century spelling ) it means we prefered turks over catholics . 
  netherlands had colonies in japan . 
  for example dejima , ironically an artifical island at nagasaki , at the time the netherlands was the only country that traded with japan under sakoku . 
   also libya should probably not be included , while dutch forces were involved in the no-fly zone , there was no official state of war , and assets were instructed not to engage in any hostility and not to enter airspace above land . 
   look up operation odyssey dawn . 
  not engaging does n't mean that there is no state of war between nations . 
   iraq war is the same , there was no official state of war , and there was only some auxiliary support from the netherlands . 
  ( intelligence mostly , and escorts for the us navy ) . 
   we were actually part of the invasion force , auxiliary or not . 
  it 's a matter of definition i guess . 
  i would n't call either a state of war , but you 're not wrong if you do . 
  really depends how you define what a state of war is . 
  there 's no such thing as politically european . 
  europe is a continent , european refers to belonging to that continent . 
  cyprus belongs to asia . 
  no they 're not interchangeable , especially not in casual conversations . 
  ethnicity has a completely different meaning . 
  your meaning is utter bullshite . 
  the source is your thumb i presume . 
  the gdp ppp of africa was actually $ 5,736 trillion in 2015 . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_african_countries_by_gdp_ ( ppp ) ) it 's based on nominal for germany unlike others . 
  why croatia and bosnia , but not slovenia and macedonia ? 
  i think serbia/montenegro and croatia is because of yugoslav war ? 
  and i 'm missing ghana ( netherlands-ahanta war , and subsequent dutch protectorate of southern ghana ) [ a summary of all wars which involve the netherlands ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_wars_involving_the_netherlands ) . 
  also libya should probably not be included , while dutch forces were involved in the no-fly zone , there was no official state of war , and assets were instructed not to engage in any hostility and not to enter airspace above land . 
  iraq war is the same , there was no official state of war , and there was only some auxiliary support from the netherlands . 
  ( intelligence mostly , and escorts for the us navy ) . 
   lol muslims and those countries are the most critizised group in western countries . 
  rightfuly so , they 're also the worst countries to criticise . 
   one of the largest parties in your country does nothing but attacking muslims . 
  it 's absurd to claim something else . 
  one does not exclude the other . 
  and geography is all that matters . 
  if an asian country such as cyprus can join the eu , membership is obviously not limited by being in europe or not . 
  it 's from the independent . 
  yes there is actually . 
  ` doing what putin tells him ' is an eventual merger of russia and belarussia . 
  that was the plan for a while , but recently lukashenko started diverging from that path , changing the policy of eradicating belarussian dialect , education and all that . 
  i guess it works until some morning his coffee tastes funny . 
  it 's true , eurasia would make more sense as a continent . 
  the only reason europe is seen as a continent is due to centuries of european exceptionalism . 
  there 's a concensus neither cyprus nor anatolia is part of europe . 
  one can not legitimately claim cyprus is european , because it is n't . 
   many people got away with criticising turkey , saudi arabia and iran without cries of `` islamophobia ! '', 
  and yet criticising a secular country where only 75 % of its citizens are jews and suddenly you 're an anti-semite ? 
  that 's just not true . 
  with either critic you can and sometimes will get labelled ` islamophobic ' ` turkophobic ' or ` anti-semite ' . 
  ethnicity is not a race . 
  unless that was just an excuse to refuse morocco . 
  cyprus was allowed to join after all , despite being in asia . 
  caucasian is n't an ethnicity , neither does it have anything to do with being european . 
  trump will merely send the bill for delivered services . 
  or ekkies for the bants . 
  it does yes , it should at least be labelled for being misleading . 
   yeah it 's based on ppp , some , not all . 
  germany for example is based on nominal . 
  depends on the country , some countries are based on ppp some on nominal . 
  in terms of ppp , nominal malaysia fits nearly 4 times in the netherlands . 
  other countries like germany and russia are done nominal and not ppp adjusted . 
  not all of them , some are nominal . 
  in terms of gdp ppp germany is only about half of africa , but he used nominal there .
