  nuclear is only half green , because the resource itself is n't sustainable with current reactors . 
   it might as well be , i do n't see any reason against it . 
  because not all members are eu members , and not all eu members are members . 
   and because it is our space agency that has the capability to achieve tremendous things in space that we are completely ignoring in favor of gobbling up more american media about the american nasa . 
  it 's not ` your ' space agency . 
  it 's the space agency of its 22 members . 
   our currency is heavily undervalued do you have any proof for that ? 
  markets do n't lie . 
   we do n't run our economy using usd . 
  actually you do . 
  zloty is just what you use in the supermarket , the dollar is what your government uses to acquire funding , what your companies use , probably even your mortgages and the majority/all of external commitments are in dollar or euro , perhaps even pounds and swiss francs . 
  hence having your own currency has no advantage for you . 
   you ca n't compare countries using usd as index because it blurrs image . 
  actually that 's the only way of comparing countries since the gold standard is gone . 
   gdp pln so you earn more zloty 's but the zloty 's are worth less . 
  you 're just trying to misrepresent your economic downfall . 
  if you earn 10 zloty 's and a bread costs 5 zloty 's , it 's nice to say that you earn 20 zloty 's next yeat but when a bread is now 11 zloty you 've actually lost income . 
  greener than the rare metals that are mined and shipped from china for our wind turbines no doubt . 
  transport is a factor of course in the chain , but it is a factor for all sources . 
  co2 that the tree has accumulated during its lifetime . 
  plant a new one and you 're even , with balanced use it does not deplete . 
  also pellets can be made out of any wood residue , meaning that instead of decomposing ( and thus releasing co2 as well ) you might as well burn it . 
   we basically avoided last crisis . 
  where did you get from ? 
  you 're one of the hardest hit in fact [ 1 ] ( http://cdn.tradingeconomics.com/charts/poland-gdp.png?s=wgdppola&amp;v=201611211242r&amp;d1=19160101&amp;d2=20161231 ) . 
  having your own currency did n't help you , because your own currency is n't large enough to be used for purposes where it could actually benefit you . 
   adopting euro should be our goal but only if we manage to get to level of 100 % average gdp per capita of eu . 
  by that time you should n't even consider joining anymore . 
  not that you 'll reach it any time soon . 
  there 's no difference between an attack on russia or a fullscale attack on syria . 
  syria and russia are allies . 
  yes your numbers check out , i found it as well . 
  i was going of on the op initially . 
   but that aside , even adding in the 30 % of our budget we do n't spend on esa does n't exceed belgium 's contribution it appears you 're right , but you 're using different numbers . 
  the opening post mentioned ;  belgium 4.07 [ ... ] netherlands 3.16 while in 2016 it was 5 and 2,7 % . 
  in hindsight he did n't use a source and i ca n't replicate his statistics with google . 
  likely he/she 's quoting old numbers . 
   as i pointed out to you , 70 % of the total dutch space budget goes directly to esa . 
  so yes , they are largely the same thing . 
  yet they 're not the same , when you include that 30 % we spend more than belgium . 
   everything else is basically international and ( mostly ) falls under esa , part our own , part international without esa . 
  nasa gets over 10 times the amount of money the esa gets . 
   personally , i think the eu needs to devote some of that funding towards making sci-fi movies featuring esa and esa astronauts as the protagonists . 
   why would the eu do that ? 
  the esa is n't part of the eu . 
  who says the wood came from the netherlands ? 
  we import most of our wood from russia or south america . 
  and burning wood is green and sustainable , provided you go about it the right way . 
   for me i can predict immense instability . 
  i do n't see that . 
   we 're really opening pandora 's box with it in my view , for example , publically calling for the lynching and murder of different groups would be fully legal , indeed , which would n't be a problem . 
  sticks and stones may hurt my bones , but ...  sparked actual violent action against them ; it did ? 
  assuming this is true , the saying part would n't be the problem , the problem is the people doing it . 
  you do n't change that by banning people to say certain things . 
   it shows that really we need a basic set of rules to prevent us from going full on with that . 
  that simply does n't follow from what you said . 
   there is no country that can have a 100 % open freedom of speech policy . 
  i do n't see why that would n't be possible . 
  well russia is the successor state and it 's still around . 
  it 's a bit of an odd statement . 
  it usually does n't evolve past preparation . 
  / u/ponrial is providing ` mis-information ' , he/she should be silenced . 
   how about a blank ban lo lying in general then ? 
  is that some sort of modern anarchy ? 
  how would you govern a country with every politician behind bars ? 
  how would you get your information with every journalist in hotel justice ? 
   well , actually i think that the us does have a lot of limits on freedom of speech , specially regarding tv ( tonnes upon tonnes of odd occurences where words can not be said or elements performed but whatever ) , the sole meaningful difference with europe is the way these are carried out for me . 
  furthermore , the us is n't exactly what i 'd call a great example at all of its practice . 
  they do have limits but less so then many european countries i think . 
  for example our laws that prohibit insulting a head of state , the us does n't have that . 
  their hate speech laws are more lose than ours as well . 
   i do see the conflict though , how can we say `` freedom of speech '' but still uphold essentially censorship laws ? 
  this is what i was aiming at . 
  people insist on claiming we have freedom of speech while we do n't . 
  the argument wether limitations on speech are good or not is a different discussion . 
  i see a lot of people here claiming that they 're banned ` because they lied ' and they still think that means we have freedom of speech . 
  it gives me the creeps , because people do n't understand everybody ever arrested for what they said was because they lied or spread hate . 
  people think we live in some black and white world where there 's only good and evil that are so easily discerned , they would be surprised how many soviets supported the flogging , torture and siberian imprisonment of the opposition . 
  they lied after all , and they spread hate . 
  probably none , but they all do n't have it to varying degree . 
  i expect the us to come closest . 
   nearly all of europe has similar laws , not this extreme , but ` the others do it ' is n't a credible argument anymore since kindergarten . 
   and honestly i do n't feel like being allowed to deny the holocaust or approve of terrorists is really a big deal . 
  it is n't about being a big deal or not . 
  it 's about not having freedom of speech . 
  wether that is a big deal or not is up to you to decide . 
  yes it is . 
  i see the fringes are making ` lying ' the new ` racist ' buzzword as well . 
  * 2015 ; everybody who disagrees with me is a racist * 2016 ; everybody who disagrees with me is a liar not sure we 're making progress here . 
  in what way is an anti-abortion opinion lying ? 
  it 's an ethical conviction , therefor subjective . 
  if your morality says abortion is wrong then you 're speaking the truth as much as the one saying abortion is right . 
   stop acting like france does n't have freedom of speech , clearly you do n't , you just explained it yourself . 
  yes , she has done immense damage to the credibility , stability and future prospects of the eu . 
  ironically though , many federalists love her . 
  germany spends money on refugees , everybody has their own priority . 
  austerity is nagging the budgets of esa projects . 
  spending on science is n't very popular at the moment . 
   which tried to land a rover on mars . 
  this is incorrect , the soviet union tried landing 2 rovers on mars 30 years before nasa , called ` mars 2 ' and ` mars 3 ' .
