   should eu co-operate with two different governments that compete for power in the region ? 
  this thread seems to be all about `` ending the migrant stream '' and `` why was n't this done years ago '' ( while many of us were bombing said country ) but lack any kind of actual policy discussion . 
  ` the eu ' should clean up its mess . 
  it was a french led coalition that destroyed libya and ran off soon as the bombs stopped falling . 
  france had a personal axe to grind with ghadafi , they wanted him dead and did n't care about anything else . 
  they did not care about the safety of europeans , they did not care about the plight of libyans . 
  now they need to step up to their responsibility . 
  libya should be invaded , occupied , made a un protectorate of sorts , and the french led coalition with a diverse un peacekeeping mission should form a common constitution and rebuild a libyan state . 
  it will take years for it to take form , but when you burn your arse you 're going to sit on the blisters . 
  a lesson need to be taught here to corrupt dissolute regimes such as france that responsibility for ones actions is a thing , in this case this lesson can improve the life of 5 million libyans but also 200 million europeans . 
   so why were they complaining about fences in south-eastern europe during refugee crisis . 
  they were n't . 
  those were a different group of people . 
   newspapers were full of photos of gas-sprayed , crying babies and women . 
  private austrian cars queued at the border to pick up refugees , merkel , wir schaffen das , british army shipis picking up passengers from sunken boats and transporting them to eu mainland . 
  those are the political opposit of the people you were talking about . 
  a radical fringe group who drove more moderate people to the opposit fringes . 
   and now ` the people ' feel insecure and want to ` ignore ' schengen ? 
  ` the people ' felt insecure from the start . 
  they were just never listened to because they were supposedly racist , war mongers and nazi 's . 
   many generations worked hard for peace and prosperity and now this is being wasted . 
  should 've thought of that from the start . 
  did n't need to be einstein to see what having no-borders with the poor world would lead to . 
   i may be wrong too . 
  maybe it 's just that politicians talk nonsense and the people do n't really support it . 
  but if so why they want to vote for populists , people like lepen or farage ? 
  some people got what they wanted , others did n't want it to turn out this way but feel they 've no other option , yet others never wanted this to transpire as it did . 
  populists like merkel have done a lot of damage , it can not be blamed on ` the people ' , it is a result of bad and malicious governance . 
  france without schengen is effectively a spain without schengen too . 
  i agree the expenses should be decreased instead of budget increased . 
  we 're all tightening our belt across europe , the eu should be no exception . 
  not all europeans . 
  scotland has n't ` wanted out ' for a long time . 
  in fact they just had a vote over it . 
  sure they 'll manage , it 's long over due that they tighten the trouser belt . 
  they 'll reduce expenses accordingly , though i doubt the british will be paying for ` some time ' , not a chance they suddenly will without rebate . 
  france did n't want to hand over navy patrol boats israel had bought . 
  israel took the boats from the french navy harbor in cherbourg themselves , french had no idea their boats were stolen by the mossad until they passed gibraltar and the british signalled them a good journey to israel . 
  french president wanted to airstrike the ships , french minister refused to do that . 
  ` the people ' might have wanted something different if they had prudently managed the common borderzone . 
  pretty low to blame it on ` the people ' now . 
  that 's not a safe-guard , that 's a side effect of parliamentary sovereignty in the uk . 
  a safe guard is a law that states nobody will infringe on your physical integrity , that you will not be discriminated against , that you 'll be allowed to practice a religion of your choosing and so on and so forth . 
  we 're cutting budgets , reducing debts and deficits . 
  that 0,1 % is going to be cut from the current budgets for the next period , not paid by the remaining members . 
   we need to stay united in the eu if we want to matter on this world . 
  but we wo n't matter if we stay ` united in the eu ' as we 'll just be a german pawn to be used as purse . 
  worse , we will lose ourselves * and * not matter , instead of just not matter . 
  it 's paradoxical , but who cares wether you matter really . 
  we do n't have a state to ` matter ' anymore , we have a state to provide education , healthcare , safety etc. 
  if you want to ` matter ' hop in a time machine and sign up in a voc crew or something . 
   it 's good to be able to choose between tea , coffee or juice , a greasy fry up , a croissant or even the efta 's m\u00fcsli contribution . 
  way too inefficient and it will lead to indecisiveness and breakfast crises . 
  we should integrate breakfast and only allow rye bread to be consumed before noon as per an eu directive . 
  1,05 % of eu gdp but 10,7 % of the total eu budget from 2007-2013 . 
  a 10 % hole in your budget is quite substantial , indeed massive even . 
  not bad , seems like ghadafi also planned to finally drain the markerwaard . 
   but educated people should reproduce more . 
  i hope you mean more than they are doing at the moment , not more than others because that would be a bit borderline nazism . 
  regardless educated people can reproduce at their own leasure . 
  uneducated people are n't secretly making them infertile in their sleep or something . 
  they do n't have an economy to speak of , they do have a lot of resources . 
  wood , aluminum , oil , gas etc. 
  rather important for a manufacturing economy like germany that does n't have a lot of resources on its own . 
  that 's why we have a constitution and international treaties that stipulates we will not vote on your ` health matters ' , and we have a parliament where in this case the ` doctors ' voted that the ` janitors ' too should have a say . 
  and even less than 37 % voted to remain . 
  indeed , so with that in mind there 's no need for a safe guard in the brexit referendum itself . 
  the referendum was legal , it was adopted by a parliamentary majority , a majority won , so it 's time for the losers to lick their wounds and the winners to show what they 're up to . 
  the people were n't voting on constitutional norms and trade laws . 
   ` the system of fundamental principles according to which a nation , state , corporation , or the like , is governed ' . 
  yes , these protect you and your rights from the majority so that we can vote on matters that do not infringe on them . 
  this means we do n't need another safeguard everytime we vote for something . 
  the choice was either to remain or leave , a democratic choice , of which neither side should automatically get the edge . 
  and even if it would , that 's something you discuss prior to actually holding the referendum , not something to concieve because you 're a sore loser . 
  no , 98 will become 100 % , that 50 % of the total amount of initial votes will be a larger than 48 % of the initial vote . 
   that does n't change the margin that is needed to have a different outcome . 
   it does as i explained in another reply on this thread . 
  would n't that include rutte too ? 
  he 's a main culprit , but there are more involved in this scheme . 
  they 're not changing the constitution . 
  ( in fact they do n't have one like we do ) our constitution does n't say ` the netherlands is and remains a member of the eu ' either . 
  that constitution is exactly there to protect you from the ` rule of the majority ' . 
   that 's almost impossible as long as the people with two passports ( even that is not always the case with dutch morroccans ) do n't want to lose it . 
  i do n't agree that we should , but for the record by far most ( what is it , 80-90 % ? ), 
  maroccans have a double passport . 
  ( because it 's very difficult/almost impossible to get rid of your maroccan passport ), 
   van der steur should really be sacked by now ... 
  bit late now is n't it . 
  you 're welcome . 
  losing 2 % would still mean a brexit win . 
  forget about the percentages for a second , say 100 people voted , 52 for brexit and 48 for remain . 
  a vote is held again , 2 brexit voters decided to not vote/or were invalid . 
  it 's now 50 votes for brexit and 48 votes for remain . 
  brexit wins again . 
  do n't know how to make it any more simple than this . 
  the percentages confuse you because they 're the % of the * old amount * of total votes . 
  the amount of votes has now decreased , but that 50 % is half the amount of votes form the old amount of total votes , which is more than half of the new amount . 
   what blank votes ? 
  it 's yes , or no . 
  no matter what , the results should add up to 100 % .
