  we 're not going to backtrack on that because of your identity issues , they can subsidies their own uncompetitive industries with their own money if that 's what they want . 
  they should n't get a dime from us . 
   military production is not only about jobs , in which case i rather spend our tax money at home then in france . 
  we do n't need an eu fund for that . 
   nokia would have crashed regardless . 
  they would not have been a market leader , they did that on their own , but they could still have had a market . 
  the symbian feature phones did well in the developing world , in the west they could 've used android for the regular market and meego for the tech-savie perhaps even ` apple market ' . 
   if nokia had n't killed n9 even before it was launched , you do n't appoint an executive from microsoft as ceo if you intend to continue with a non-microsoft platform . 
  given the new nokia ceo never even actually moved , and is now in service with microsoft again after being re-hired with a massive bonus it is pretty clear what they pulled of . 
  luckily while microsoft was smart enough to pull this ploy of , they 're not smart enough to actually exploit it . 
  they merely killed nokia , bought it , only to bury it . 
   you might not realize it but belgium and austria also have weapons manufacturers so as a belgian i can say this , but i am also european so yes for me it is a we . 
  having weapon manufacturers is irrelevant , the question is if these manufacturers are competitive or need state aid to avoid ( postpone ) closure . 
  the small arms produced in belgium or some light vehicles produced in austria do n't need state aid , they do well on their own , and should remain doing business on their own . 
   as i do not impose my choice identity on you , please do n't force mine to yours by saying that i can not say we if i feel it as we . 
  it 's not about identity . 
  you and i both know all states are in it for themselves regardless of what you feel , such a european fund is n't going to give a dime to damen , stork or fokker for example , it 's all going to some french , maybe german , manufacturer which is uncompetitive and because paris does n't want to lose jobs because populism and elections . 
  and they 're going to let us pay for it . 
  no thank you for that , i appreciate the effort for european independence/competition/alternative , but i 'll support it once it actually tries to achieve that instead of it being a game of who can steal the most jobs and money from other members . 
   basic coverage shall be `` sufficient '' . 
  everything that is cosmetic , not cost effective compared to other treatments or the effectiveness is n't proven -  private insurance . 
  it 's all private insurance , the basic package just covers everything important ( the government decides what the basic insurance covers ) and everybody must have the basic insurance at an insurer of your choice . 
  there 's some competition , regarding the basic insurance , mostly wether you 're free to chose which hospital you go to ( unless it 's life threatening aid ) and you can increase your own risk from 375 to a max of 875 to lower monthly costs if you do n't think you 'll use a lot of care . 
   same over here . 
  thanks for the insight !, 
  no problem . 
   and we lose yet another industry , not we , there 's no we . 
  france will lose another industry , which is how it should be , as with an open economic system you need to be competitive or do something else for a living . 
   it 's cheaper due to heavily subsidized by us . 
  well that 's great , they finance our procurements , ca n't get a better deal . 
   because paying the american hardware stores is much better ? 
  if it 's cheaper and a better product , certainly . 
  i do n't care if something comes from france or the us , the best option should win . 
   i rather have that money spent inside europe than america . 
  luckily your protectionism is something we left behind for an open economic system . 
  when my parents were young the tv would show poor starving and sick african people that needed your donation , when i was young the tv showed poor starving sick african people that needed your donation , when my children become of age they 'll see poor starving sick african people that need your donation . 
  the place is beyond redemption from europe , they need to get something going for themselves besides tv-commercials . 
   of course there is : you need to introduce , to all of africa , sustainable economic growth , gender equality and contraceptives you sound like an 8th century bishop send by the catholic church to convert people to christianity in pagan lands . 
  best not to end up as bonifatius . 
   we havent yet seen migration based on catastrophic climate . 
  arguably the current streams are already caused in part by ` climate change ' if you define that as broader than just rising co2 levels . 
  silting of the ground due to overuse of the land and pesti/herbicide , desertification due to overuse of land for grazing , agriculture , wood chopping , drought due to poor management of water sources etc. 
  they 're all factors contributing to the poverty of some african regions that push people towards europe . 
  the idea is not bad no doubt , but the execution of it will be malicious . 
  i 'm expecting a case of us all paying to keep some french government hardware store running . 
  that 's exactly why she 's not suitable for leadership . 
  sometimes what seems morally best firsthand is ultimately the worst . 
  ` the road to hell is paved with good intentions ' as they say . 
  leadership here means the ability to make tough decisions , decisions that might get you flacked , but will ultimately turn out to be the best . 
   the article is about several countries , not only yours . 
  my comment was about my country , you 're free to discuss others as well by replying directly on the article or to other users . 
  not the british people . 
  you 're looking for a point where there is none , the people forced the governments hand to leave the eu by electing the party that promised them a referendum , and voting out on the subsequent referendum . 
  thinking with her heart instead of her brain , admirable , but not suitable to be in a position of any leadership . 
   irrelevant because it 's not about yuo ? 
   try reading next time , let me repeat it for you ;  [ ... ] did n't have ww2 [ . . ] do n't even have a babyboom generation [ ... ], 
   but this article says that many of them believe `` the army should take over '' . 
  well that escalated quickly . 
   and force them into dormitory-style housing ( kamers ) , to fight house shortages . 
  which cost the same and for which they 've no right for rental compensation . 
  this is not the rationale behind it , the rationale behind it is that the state is no longer there to care for its people like we were used to . 
   this would actually be beneficial for the students in the long run , as it should make it easier to find a house just after graduating . 
  no , these houses are simply out of their reach . 
  they can go from a 15m2 dormitory to a 20m2 studio for the price of a villa , or move to rural parts after they graduated . 
   edit : apart from that , students used to already get government support through tuition fees ( basisbeurs ) . 
  the ` basisbeurs ' is no longer , it has been cut . 
  also the basisbeurs was 95 euro 's per month or so , that 's not even half what you can get for rental compensation . 
  and this is not any compensation , it is just given so that the state is n't responsible to give you a minimum living standard . 
   what is the generation that has 1,72 ? 
  generation x ? 
  generation x is even worse , fertility rate was even lower in the late '70s and '80s . 
  but they do n't have to carry the baby boom generation . 
   people seem to forget that post-war generation is really really old now . 
  fertility rate netherlands with the babyboom we 're talking about the '50s and '60s , these people are 55-65 years old now . 
  that 's not ` really old ' that 's the age where they are starting to become a burden . 
   edit : to be clear , there is not one , but two generations between baby boomers and the current young generation . 
  they do n't have to carry the babyboomers for the majority of their working life . 
  no he is right , the number of immigrants from the eu have been massive for the uk for that reason , it has been climbing every year . 
  maybe this year a couple of thousand people decided to come sooner , but they 're all coming for jobs and because they speak english . 
  it 's why british membership of the eu was no longer tenable , with the economic destruction and long term stagnation of half of developed europe and the accession of the majority of developing europe the uk has been sitting on a time bomb . 
  you did n't have ww2 and the resulting ` boom ' from it . 
  so stats from sweden are irrelevant , you do n't even have a babyboom generation to begin with . 
   and an even younger generation will complain about how the old generation left them a mess . 
  that 's not true , the transition from a generation that had an average of 5-6 children to one that has an average of 1,72 is a one time thing . 
  this generation will have it the hardest of all . 
   baby boomers have rights too and they 're smart enough to vote for their interests . 
   baby boomers are a swarm of locusts , they eat everything and leave an empty abyss . 
   young people only themselves to blame for the issues brought up in elections and everyday politics . 
  yea no , they had no hand in determining their fate , old people had . 
  it 's not that young people do n't vote , it 's that having only 1 child in an average family will have you get a lobsided demographic , especially when generations before you had 5 or 6 . 
  our society is aging , it is not having a problem with voter participation . 
  this is making the youth an easy prey . 
   is it adequate , people do n't like to admit it , but it 's better then it use to . 
  it use to be collective healthcare at least for the poor , the rich needed a private insurance , but for the poor care was about massive waiting lists ( eventhough your treatment was always 100 % covered , you had to wait for example 8 months to get what you wanted ) people died because of this waiting , but also had to endure pain and immobility just to wait for your spot . 
  these waiting lists are gone , and as a whole , healthcare has become cheaper while reducing it . 
  so jea , it worked . 
  far from perfect , but you get the gist . 
   did n't know that about healthcare in nl . 
  is it adequate , as in all operations will be covered , not cosmetic but not only lifesaving ones too ? 
  specifically life saving are all covered .
