  portugal has got a problem , and it 's not our responsibility to solve it . 
  the idea of a fiscal union , eurobonds , or debt forgiveness may be popular among redditers , but you can set the clock that it is unfeasible in real life . 
  seems like a fair deal , we keep the vespa 's and real cheese , they keep the hormones and starch with a fancy name . 
  i 'm sure you do , but not nearly as extensive as the british . 
  they could 've , but the network in brussels is far bigger . 
  less than the eu . 
  so it 's not a majority . 
  there are cables going from denmark , france , portugal , spain , and ireland directly to the us and latin america . 
  it 's a politically neutral choice , paris or frankfurt would be sensitive , brussels would n't . 
  it does n't matter that much anyway , it 's just an office , not a retailer . 
  irish unification just happened . 
  not really , the biggest transatlantic cable goes from new jersey ( us ) to katwijk ( nl ) . 
  the two of them wo n't last very long together . 
  turkey is incapable of maintaining relations . 
  they have no friends , only enemies . 
  wether it is greece , cyprus , bulgaria , israel , syria , russia , armenia or iraq , they all do n't like turkey . 
  which says a lot . 
  the prosecutor office noted that cooperation with its international counterparts is working fine . 
  hence it saw no benefit to eppo . 
  i do n't like people pretending we 're ` allies ' with the turks while we 're nothing of the sort . 
  our relationship to turkey should be revised , candidate status revoked , association agreement annulled , no more funds or committees . 
  a simple trade deal can replace the shambolic state of our relations . 
  ethnicity does n't depend on skin color . 
  rather on a common language , history , culture , identity . 
  this does not exclude black , brown or yellow people , in fact it * includes * them . 
  irrelevant , we have a police force * and * a prosecutor office . 
  no , rather the same way you ca n't have a european police force that is allowed to arrest people . 
  we have a prosecutor office , if you want somebody prosecuted , you ask them . 
  they could with the previous proposal which sought to include all members . 
  with the enhanced cooperation 13 + memberstates can do it for themselves . 
  so you can have your eppo , what you can not have is our participation . 
  if you believe you 're entitled to that that 's your problem . 
  except that we 're not talking about different issues here , but identical issues being approached in a certain matter . 
  they ca n't veto it , that 's the idea of the multispeed europe . 
  those that want to can go ahead , those that do n't want to do n't have to be involved . 
  very well , nationality then . 
  for the time being yes , but would you rather stagnate your economy now , or in 5 or 10 years when the global economy is on its butt again ? 
  pretty much their only leverage regarding security is intelligence . 
  britain has the most advanced and sophisticated intelligence network in europe , probably the second in the world . 
  the only way to counter that would be to combine our intelligence in some sort of european ` five eyes ' . 
  there 's a good figure , 4700 dollar per hour of flight , making it the cheapest western jet , well below the second cheapeast f16 at 8000 dollar , and well below the rafale at ~ 15.000 or eurofighter at ~ 18.000 . 
  it also has a lot more flight hours in its lifetime than any other jet , the test-frame of the gripen has flown 160.000 hours and is still going , compare that to 8.000 hours for the f-35 for example . 
  the gripen is far from perfect , but it 's a very good jet in its own right . 
  i do n't know , i think it 's more of a ` what should we have done ' , because the bed seems to be made . 
  the next crisis is going to be painful for you guys . 
  i 'm not saying it is n't , just saying that this hotel is discriminating people based on ethnicity which is apparently legal in turkey . 
   but there 's little the current political environment could do to change that . 
  really ? 
  one would think that raising taxes and reducing spending might change that . 
   well , hopefully by then the eurozone will have adequate tools to protect its member states from speculation instead of certain someones thinking that southern countries just waste money on women and liquor . 
   it wo n't , because you guys failed to curtail your finances . 
  there 's no support here to aid you in that case . 
   if there 's another crisis , with the way things are set up right now the eurozone will crumble because not only portugal but greece , italy , spain , belgium and even france would be at risk . 
  pretty likely yes . 
  they only know a few dutch sentences in turkey , the offensive stereotypical ones . 
  in that sense it 's great to not hear them speak/write dutch in turkey . 
  this would not be allowed here due to racism/discrimination . 
   they did do a little wing-wiggle for the benefit of the passengers though  that 's not really for the benefit of the passengers , but to provoke a response . 
  the jet will impact the airstream over the planes wing causing the passenger plane to experience some turbulence . 
  could be that the pilots of the plane were n't tuned in on the right frequency or something . 
  it 's a method used on unresponsive planes . 
  the ef still exported more to non-participants then the rafale . 
  the merit of the gripen is n't in the initial purchasing price , but the hours it can fly and at what cost . 
  the biggest problem with the f-35 is that it can barely make flying hours , pilots will primarily get their experience from simulators as there 's not sufficient flying hours available to create experienced pilots . 
  the gripen can figuratively fly all day long , it 's pilots will be among the best and most experienced . 
  ( hence why the uk mod flight school bought them ), 
  reducing the fiscal deficit is one thing , reducing the actual debt-state is quite another . 
  what do portuguese think that will happen when we face another crisis ( which we will , it 's the nature of the system ) , and portugal enters it indebted to its lips ? 
  there was some talk of a second nuclear reactor , but i do n't think it 's taking off . 
  anyway 60 % of our electricity comes from gas , and gas is the cleanest source there is short of co2-neutral sources . 
  of course there 's the problem of the earth quakes and the need to reduce gas drilling , but this can also be solved by halting gas exports . 
  bottom line is we may not have a lot of green sources , we do n't have a lot of coal/lignite like germany anymore either . 
  so the whole package is n't worse than germany . 
  even with ` sub-replacement ' fertility rate you still see a period of natural population increase as the population starts to age before it tumbles of the cliff . 
  the uk has a natural population increase for the time being , germany is already tumbling off the cliff and has a vast natural population decrease at the moment . 
  that is the only valid comparison indeed . 
   the agreement should be made before the country joins , not fifteen years later . 
   agreed , but it was n't , so while that is unfortunate , it is not a good argument to say ` just suck it up ' . 
   the uk is definitely high compared to the eu-28 as a whole , but there are other countries that had a higher percentage of immigrants coming in in 2014 -- the situation is far more complex then to be described by a single graph . 
  for germany it does n't matter , because the country is facing a large natural decline ( every year like 300.000 more germans die then there are born ) . 
  in this case immigration is not a practical hurdle . 
  the uk has the highest fertility rate in the eu i believe , or at least somewhere around there . 
  it does not have the natural decline of germany . 
  then there 's emigration and the local political situation . 
  for example ireland will see a lot of northern irish , who move 20 miles to the roi , and vice versa . 
  this as well skewers the data you present . 
  luxemburg will see a lot of belgians and vice versa in the same fashion . 
  another important factor is population density , a society already strained in scarcity will face more problems with the same relative amount of immigrants as a society that is not strained by any scarcity , like ireland , austria , sweden or denmark . 
  all in all you 're portraying a far too simplistic picture here , the uk was the perfect storm in this case , high population density , low-wage growth and low productivity , high housing prices , large inter-eu immigration as well as outer-eu , a population that is naturally rather stable and growing by virtue of births alone ( for the time being ) and a worker class that has already been picked bare by years of tatcherism and tories . 
  there 's only so much your regular joe will accept , and for the british that bucket was full . 
  petty for the eu to be the child of the bill , but it was n't exactly helpful either . 
  trump was no impactful factor . 
   my original point was simply that actual elections happened in some of the countries listed in ops graphic ( which is actually quite bad considering the lack of sources and dates ) and we do not have to rely only on polls for them . 
  and one of these elections saw , contrary to what you claimed , a significant rise in far-right voters . 
  the performance of the pvv was worse than polled months after trump was elected , but they still managed to get 40 % more votes than last time , which is a substantial increase . 
  poles make up a large amount of the immigrants , but ultimately they are n't the problem . 
  you need to look at the whole eu immigration , and you 'll see that following the eurocrisis , it was italians , greeks , spanish , portuguese moving to the uk on top of the already high immigration from eastern europe ( bulgaria , romania , baltics , poland etc. ), 
  it was unsustainable , and could not be stopped by merely targetting poland or imposing a temporary restriction on movement for new members . 
  it would not set a bad precedent , since nobody in the eu has faced immigration so severe as the uk . 
  most countries have their borders protected with a solid language barrier .
