  so while trump is going to have a presidential term riddled with apologies and sudden changes of opinions the sultan is going to stay true to its course . 
  a freckled blond swede in the greek sun ? 
  terrible idea . 
  that 's an exception , then you 're allowed to keep your dutch citizenship . 
  probably because he could lose his british citizenship in a divorce , to avoid potential statelessness . 
  no i would n't have let them in . 
  no need to deport people when you think about issues beforehand , instead of running a yolo migration policy . 
   but even so , surely it must be possible to become dutch if you 're from a country that wo n't let you give up your passport . 
  these countries are the exceptions . 
  if you 're from a country that does n't allow you to give up your passport then you can keep it ( like iran , morocco , turkey or greece ) if you 're not from such a country , you must give up your passport . 
   that would n't have applied to my grandfather since he was dutch and then got british citizenship . 
  [ 2 ] ( https://www.rijksoverheid.nl/onderwerpen/nederlandse-nationaliteit/inhoud/nederlandse-nationaliteit-verliezen ) maybe your grandfather married a british women , that 's one of the exceptions ( marriage ) where you 're allowed to have 2 nationalities . 
  what 's more worrying is that french banks refuse to finance some political parties over the others . 
  the exercise of these freedoms , since it carries with it duties and responsibilities , may be subject to such formalities , conditions , restrictions or penalties as are prescribed by law and are necessary in a democratic society , in the interests of national security , territorial integrity or public safety , for the prevention of disorder or crime , for the protection of health or morals , for the protection of the reputation or rights of others , for preventing the disclosure of information received in confidence , or for maintaining the authority and impartiality of the judiciary . 
  there 's no such thing as full right of freedom of expression . 
  germany seems east to me . 
   has the full right of freedom of expression . 
  he does n't . 
  there 's no such thing for anybody . 
  but are less likely to , if only for the fact that you do n't have turkish fools sending you mail to rat out your fellow citizens and campaigning for your vote . 
  eu nationals are n't allowed to have double passports . 
  at least not in the netherlands . 
  if you 're estonian , the only way for you to get a dutch passport is to give up your estonian passport . 
  if i become an estonian citizen , i lose my dutch citizenship . 
  we 're discriminated against as only turks and morrocans generally have the right to double passports , and we only under certain circumstances ( marriage for example ) . 
  freedom of assembly does n't mean you can just demand a public square and do your thing . 
  they can do it in a turkish mosque if they do n't cause trouble for locals , but to do it in a public space they need permission from the authorities . 
  you would need to physically get into an actual launch facility on several clearance levels , which is a whole different feat altogether then to enter an it system from behind a cosy desk in florida or sf . 
   it will most likely be controlled by an institution authorized/voted by the european parliament which are voted by the eu population . 
   i do n't understand why you think it will be controlled by `` others '' . 
  it 'll be controlled by eu and we all form the eu . 
  that is others . 
   in my opinion as long as we do n't intend to fight each other , it 's very inefficient to have 27 small armies with different equipment , intelligence , maintenance and logistics . 
  together we have a military budget that exceeds china and russia put together but we are objectively worse military than them because of these reasons . 
  the eu 's militarily would be required to defend everyone and require unilateral agreement from all countries for external missions . 
  so much things are inefficient , but this is not a matter of efficiency but one of independence and sovereignty . 
  it is also not just about defense , but intervention and peacekeeping , disaster aid , international law and safety of the seas etc. 
  they 're likely completely severed from outside communication networks . 
  pretty sure the russian launch sites do n't have an intel modem and wifi access point . 
   pending on the specifics , the failure rates of some have even be as high as ~ 60 % projected from war game data . 
  that 's on the smaller warheads . 
  nothing is stopping a modern russian or american icbm . 
  we can contribute to an allied effort on our own account . 
  i 'm a nationalist , i do n't believe in giving our crown to others as if it 's the 16th century again . 
   sweden had a huge air force - the fourth largest in the world - throughout the cold war , consisting of more than 4,000 aircraft . 
  out of these , no less than 3,574 aircraft were armed fighters along with many hundred bombers . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_equipment_of_sweden_during_the_cold_war#air_force ), 
  perhaps in eastern europe . 
  it was during the cold war . 
  obviously not anymore , that 's the point . 
  i vote for an opt-out . 
  because you do n't have the freedom to use space that is n't yours for your own means . 
  you have freedom of assembly in your private property , as long as you do n't cause problems for others . 
  if you want to use public space , you need permission . 
  we should n't be part of it , so that 's solved . 
  thanks for proving the point though . 
  at least you would draw the ijsselmeer . 
  women are opressed . 
  * runs away * . 
  men tend to do heavier jobs and work more , they have a lower life expectancy due to that . 
  we can start by not accepting any double nationalities anymore . 
  normal people are n't allowed to have double nationalities in the netherlands , remove the exception to turks and moroccans to make it fair and equal again . 
   so basically the problem comes from tukey not letting their citizens to change nationity ? 
  not all of it , but it plays a big role indeed . 
  people who have a single passport will not be bothered by double ` loyalty ' . 
  which is especially a problem when these two loyalties are opposed to one another . 
   is it the source of many problems then ? 
  it is . 
  they 're playing the turkish community here apart , both against themselves as well as against other dutch people . 
  they call non-cooperating turks ` non full blood turks ' . 
  ( i 'm being literal here , that 's what the erdogan administration said ) the turkish consulate in the netherlands is sending postal communication to its citizens here , including demands that they need to report gulenists to the turkish consulate , so the turkish consulate releases lists of all gulenists living in the netherlands , so that people can avoid their schools , mosques and shops . 
  ( even though the use of this personal information for this purpose was deemed illegal by the privacy authority ) the consulate asks its citizens to report fellow citizens who may be critical of erdogan to the consulate . 
   why is n't this information well known ? 
  it is pretty wel known , there just has n't been a government that wants to do something about it . 
  i do n't accept them . 
  if it was up to me they would n't be here . 
  that argument would cut wood if having a turkish citizenship was a choice . 
  but it 's not . 
  they do n't have a choice , they 're given a passport and if they want to lose it they need to pay . 
   ` persona no grata ' plenty of room on that list for some turkish officials . 
   but we sure as hell can close the turkish mosques if we want with as reason ` foreign interference ' . 
  i wish we did , but it is n't happening . 
  no , unlike many other countries , you never lose your turkish passport . 
  in fact , if you 're turkish , move to the netherlands , live here , and get a child here , that child automatically gets a turkish passport wether you or it eventually wants it or not . 
  they ca n't really serve in the turkish military because they would lose their dutch passport if they did . 
  it 's more of a barrier thing , demand a high sum to ` pay of your duties ' if you want rid yourself of your passport . 
  most people wo n't pay 1000s of euro 's just to get rid of a passport . 
  military conscription is the most notable one , but turks also have compulsory voting . 
  because it is very difficult . 
  you would have to buy off your turkish duties ( conscription ) , so getting rid of your nationality would cost you up to 10.000 or 15.000 euro . 
  the turkish government is forcing people to keep their passports , and that 's a door for them to spread discord and use immigratns as useful idiots . 
  turkey is poor , unsafe , repressed and generally a shithole . 
  turks do n't want to live there so they come here , but when they have lived in the netherlands or germany for long enough they do n't know what turkey is anymore and they start to make up all sorts of illussions about a country they 've never seen up close . 
  the most sad thing is that these people are neither turk nor german/dutch , and the turkish government enjoys sowing discord in such a disconnected group . 
  it 's fine for a muslim women to wear a headscarf on a passport , but that means it should also be fine for a pastafarian to wear a colander . 
  equality before the law is the most important thing , if religious freedom prevents that then we should not have freedom of religion . 
  fun fact , in the netherlands we still call our central government ` das reich ' ( het rijk ) . 
   i 'm more surprised france does . 
  everything . 
  the moment you 've ceded your army to a foreign power you have no sovereignty anymore .
