  none of them are good faith actors , they all only look for their own short term benefit . 
   insists on an unnecessary tax fraud investigation it 's not a tax fraud authority , it 's a full da office . 
  it will be going after all sort of interborder criminality , tax , human traficking , terrorism etc. 
   a better comparison might be canada or mexico . 
  you wish , canada ? 
  maybe 1 or 2 countries , most are closer to venenzuela . 
  even mexico is a better place then some countries in the eu . 
   you 're adding an authority . 
  how can adding that additional one lead to corruption risk in the netherlands . 
  it will be used to further individual foreign state interests inside our borders . 
  basically economic/political warfare . 
   maybe so . 
  but how much of a cost is it ? 
  about 800 euro per working citizen per year if you deduct what we recieve back . 
   per capita , as per your own post it did n't mention 6 % per capita growth . 
  per capita growth went from 4,4 % in 1999 to -0,5 % 2002 due to the euro . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.kd.zg?locations=nl ), 
   let me try again -- since your local legal system does n't have a prosecutor 's authority to investigate crimes abroad , in the 21st century there 's rarily need for a physical investigation for crimes abroad . 
  our prosecutor has authority to investigate crimes abroad , if it needs something from abroad for the investigation it will need to cooperate with local authorities . 
   is there not something of a barrier to doing this sort of thing ? 
  not really . 
  companies are n't running away from the law as is . 
   well , part of it . 
  jea , like , 99 % ` part ' . 
   i do n't think that anyone 's asking the netherlands to lower existing standards . 
  the eu 's definition is lowering existing standards . 
  it 's a union of averages , we do things better on our own but are forced to do it worse because we have 27 mostly worse entities having a say as well . 
   we 've had federal law enforcement specifically-target organized crime . 
  you do n't have a venezuelan da prosecuting americans in the us . 
   i assume that there is concern from the netherlands about corruption in romania . 
  okay , well , presumably romania would n't permit oversight from a legal authority without someone else willing to do the same . 
  even if there 's no direct benefit in the netherlands , it seems to me that the netherlands is better-off by being in a more-law-abiding union . 
  exactly why we do not want to merge authorities with them . 
  we 're importing corruption here , not fighting it . 
  as for the funds it 's a weak excuse , they should n't be recieving those funds from our taxes in the first place . 
  yes . 
  yours do too . 
  for example in 2014 smb offshore was fined 240 million euro in the netherlands for bribery scandals in brazil . 
  we do n't have representatives to give away our representation to foreign entities . 
   their business environment , which is open to the whole eu , is open to corruption operating out of other member countries , bullshit . 
  anyone operating here is subject to local law . 
   in what way would this clash with dutch interests ? 
  since foreign interests would be running the law here , foreign parties who 're considerably worse in their standards , adhere to other norms and customs , and use it for political and financial gains at our costs . 
  there 's no need for it , we 're a sovereign country , the only entity that should be prosecuting here is our own . 
  it 's a threat for coercion of the east , it would n't work for north-western countries . 
  we would only profit from it if we were to leave cohesional funds . 
   is the eppo functioning on cross-border and eu-fund fraud impinging on national responsabilities ? 
  the eppo is going to be doing a lot more than eu-fund fraud . 
  it 's also going after terrorism and international crime networks , it 's going to be a federal prosecutor office . 
  it 's an unacceptible violation of our sovereignty . 
  those that want it can implement it , we should not be part of it . 
  we never agreed to the lisbon treaty , we just were n't asked again . 
  the dutch revolutionaries fought the french and defeated napoleon with the coalition at waterloo after 17 years of occupation . 
  the dutch king then proclaimed the united kingdom of the netherlands when the others did n't know what to do with the region called belgium . 
   but nato is  nato = us . 
  the united kingdom of the netherlands was not created it was proclaimed after the low-lands had been divided since the war with spain . 
   you signed for the ever closing union . 
  never signed for anything . 
  white people wanting economic prosperity for their children = corporate fascist racist global enslavers . 
  solid logic mr marx . 
  old english is almost completely identical to frisian . 
   [ ... ] ~ ~ are brought to its shores . ~ ~ italy brings to its own shores . 
  ftfy . 
   ( northern ) europe has ignored this problem for years until these migrants started migrating further north . 
  we did n't know italy was a failed state back then , it only became apparent when we felt the consequences of it . 
  not in the current situation no , but things can change fast . 
  least of all they 're not a warden . 
  [ there , there ] ( http://www.thecommentator.com/system/articles/inner_pictures/000/001/795/original/burning-eu-flag.jpg?1350035504 ) . 
  the eurofighter and gripen can carry the b-61 's belgium has as well , but they 're inferior to the f-35 and not cheap at all . 
  their lifetime will also be significantly shorter , the eurofighter has an extremely limited weapons platform too , only air-air basically . 
   even the americans are putting less emphasis on heavy armor and going to lighter armored wheeled vehicles . 
  the french seem to do it as well . 
  truth be told france for example would n't be able to bring an mbt to mali without the us . 
  they do n't have planes that can carry them , and without a coast ships would be difficult unless you manage to use a train through several countries , which is unlikely to give a succesful military campaign with so many actors involved in your logistics . 
  but it 's also the kind of warfare we 're mostly engaged in , the militias we fight in iraq , syria , mali , afghanistan etc. 
  either do n't have tanks or a couple of very old ones ( t-55 's or the like ) , these are n't an insurmountable threat to light mechanized units . 
  facing a challenger 2 or abraham or t-90 is some other cake , but the odds of facing that in the field is near zero . 
   for smaller countries like nl , baltics , israel , ect having tanks is making less sense every day . 
  i do n't know about israel or the baltics , they both are likely to fight on their own turf on the ground . 
  the netherlands has an expeditionary army , meant to operate in central america , and on international deployments . 
  tanks do n't really fit in here . 
  ( which is why we sold 130 leopard 2 's to finland when the budget was cut ) the last time we deployed tanks was in 1998 somalia i think . 
  if belgium would procure the f-35 you would benefit from the scale when cooperating with the netherlands . 
  we do it with the frigates and mine sweepers as well . 
   france and germany as wardens . 
  you realize belgiums biggest threats has been germany right ? 
  they carved through the place twice in the last 100 years . 
  because france has more need for specialized mobile units . 
  that depends , what if you 're inaccessible to a foe by land and do n't have the power to fight a large scale total war overseas ? 
  would n't it be better to have missiles or apache 's on ships instead of tanks , and a light , mobile amphibious force ? 
  tanks are important once on a battlefield , they 're logistically a nightmare though . 
  take the netherlands for example , if somebody wants to invade us over land why not flood our country , the defenses are made to flood our country , tanks would be useless as boats . 
  for overseas deployments it is much easier to use light vehicles which might with the logistical capacity at hand give more firepower . 
  i 'm no military expert , but if your funds are limited , i think it 's better to have highly mobile amphibious and airmobile units than heavy mechanized ones . 
   let 's please try and avoid using qualifiers such as `` circle jerk '' in discussions here , it is a conversation killer . 
  i am not making accusations , just trying to understand and explain the reason for the actions . 
   that 's all your doing , so i 'll call you out on it . 
   does the graph you present factor in the `` dutch participation exemption '' ? 
  as far as i know that is the main mechanism through which the netherlands is considered as `` advantaged '' in attracting foreign companies headquarters , apart from its port and transportation hub status . 
  yes , i 'm sure it attracts a whole lot of companies to italy and portugal as well , who have participation exemption too , just like norway , sweden , uk , austria and belgium .
