  visit africa for once , it is a really nice continent , and the women are n't anything you think they are . 
   this is the problem that i am talking about . 
   then you should work on that . 
  it was a rather distasteful remark of yours . 
   so they are n't a minority is that what you are saying ? 
  that depends how you define a minority . 
  people who play the cello are a minority too you know . 
   no , i am very observant . 
  of your own backside you mean . 
  it was renamed ` benelux union ' recently , but the benelux dates from the 1940s . 
  during ww2 the dutch government in exile met with the belgian government in exile and decided that post-war recovery would start with the abolishment of borders between the benelux countries . 
  and so the first open labour market was born , as it was not just a visa free and free trade zone , it went much further . 
  quite recently a couple of years ago the old treaties expired ( i think they had a 50 year preservation period ) initially they wanted to abolish it because of the eu , but they decided to renew and rename it . 
   dude , stop making it sound like they are objects for sexually degenerate people . 
  excuse me ? 
  that was you . 
   me and my friends visited netherlands once , never have i seen so many blonde women with black boyfriends/husbands . 
  exactly , ` black people ' in the netherlands did n't arrive yesterday , they 're by and large as dutch as the next white person . 
  that 's a completely different situation from sweden which in the '90s had only ever seen a black person on tv . 
   i never saw a dutch man with a dark wife . 
  why is that ? 
  i do n't know , are you blind by any chance ? 
  the eu has been stalling on many fronts , but i do n't think belgium and the netherlands have the same idea on what the alternative should be . 
  belgium is pro-big government , bureaucracy , centralization , the netherlands is exactly opposit . 
  a deepening of the benelux will likely not work that well , i think the differences between us will only increase over time as the eu starts to entrench along ideological lines . 
  it 's still there , it was recently renewed . 
  it 's kind a like an example for the eu , what the eu might adopt in 10 years , we adopt now between the 3 of us . 
  it was also the first open labour market , an example to the eu single market . 
  without the citystates the netherlands is the most densily populated country in europe . 
  luxemburg is very far behind , it 's actually not that populated . 
  belgium is pretty far behind too . 
  sure , but they 're very well integrated communities from suriname and indonesia , so not sure that 's your taste . 
  advocating for murder is a big no-no / u/atomickoala , no matter how much you disagree with someone . 
  only cnn and bbc elect wilders as the dutch pm , but only the dutch have the right to vote . 
  between the two of them , trump is the nice one . 
  high energy !, 
  you could just move to africa . 
  what a hassle to get a date , importing people from half a world away . 
  our highest mountain is on saba , not limburg . 
  yes much higher ones , we even have an inactive volcano at 886m . 
   but some of the least amount of power to influence the future of the country . 
  a lot more than wyoming at least . 
   like , quality of life . 
  missouri is cheaper , but you know , supply and demand . 
  how 's quality of life better in california ? 
  is the polluted air better ? 
  is the million dollar 1 bedroom apartment better ? 
  seems to me quality of life is rather subjective . 
  some people love quiet and peaceful nature , some people love vibrant city life . 
   no , it 's out of my respect for the opinions of all others . 
  the citizens of this country should decide its future . 
  that only works when all citizens are subject to the same external factors . 
  which is in this case simplified to belonging to a state . 
  see your opinion might be that a windmill is great to reduce co2 , but when that windmill is placed on the balcony of an innocent californian who just laid down 1,5 million for his apartment it 's not exactly fair to have your opinion being counted equally in placing that windmill there . 
   good , that 's all i was after . 
   if that 's what you 're after you surely did n't show that with the first reply . 
   it does n't , but context might . 
  the people who barricaded themselves there were chased to that building after shooting at protesters earlier . 
  that does not justify violence , but it helps explain it . 
  they were shot at themselves as well . 
  it 's pretty clear what you are after here , and it 's no good . 
   no , wyoming has more power . 
  wyoming has 143k citizens per electoral vote , california has 508k per electoral vote . 
  that is an absurd system . 
  and california has nearly 100 times as much citizens , ergo more power than wyoming . 
   in most measurable ways what measurable ways ? 
  you mean to say a higher salary makes for better people or something ? 
   i know why degressive proportionality is used , but that does n't stop it from being a terrible system that 's your opinion , and one based on your discontempt for fellow people who are different from you . 
  a rather toxic mindset , for yet others , it is not a terrible system . 
  that 's nice if true , not all people are evil . 
  does n't change what the others did though . 
  why would somebody with a wage of $ 40 dollar have less rights to emigrate to britain than somebody with a wage of $ 184 ? 
  above all immigration systems should be fair and equal , bulgarians should n't get better treatment than biharrians . 
  maybe he does n't care about gdp ppp per capita . 
  they were n't russians , but odessans . 
  they were pro-russian . 
  they were n't helped by fellow ukrainians , they were forced into the building , barricaded , and set on fire . 
  some decided to jump instead of being burned alive , the ukrainians even beat the people that survived that jump to finish their job . 
  all the while the ukrainians shouted ` die , die , die ' as they burned . 
  sorry , we have a very strict return policy . 
   lol , so instead the opposite is true ? 
  no the opposite is not true . 
  california still has much more power , but the differences are slightly decreased . 
   especially when you consider how much better california is than missouri . 
  how much better exactly ? 
   i do n't really understand the intricacies of your parliament , but do n't the bigger countries have a disproportionate say ? 
  formally not , a vote from germany is worth less than one from croatia , just like with your california/new york and wyoming/missouri whatever . 
  i think it was 13:1 for malta-uk , which is probably one of the most extreme examples . 
  meaning every maltese vote is worth the same as 13 british votes . 
  it 's to protect minorities a little . 
   a f ? 
  ! #n king in the 21st century well yea , just like sweden , norway , denmark , uk , the netherlands and belgium . 
  looks dutch to me . 
  slightly foggy , wet , deleaved trees , it 's a january day on the veluwe right there . 
  better under norway , then they wo n't be included in these statistics anymore . 
   actually , according to the electoral college , i 'm worth less . 
  i 'm saying my state is better , and it is . 
   the value of you as a person however is not determined by the electoral college . 
  look it 's pretty simple , california has 40 million citizens , missouri has 6 million citizens . 
  both states have their own things going on , they have their own needs and desires .
