  only for a limited period of time . 
  they got that covered , telco 's did n't want competition . 
  he did n't . 
  he said that solidarity is a two way street , and that 's got the south pretty riled up because they 're acing for his seat . 
  that depends what kind of nuclear exchange . 
  operational nukes are n't necessarily more effective than conventional weapons , they 're a hell of a lot cheaper though . 
  that would amount to a war in europe , but not a world war . 
  for a war to be a world war it would need to strike a country that is vital for the global institutions . 
  like the us , or germany , or china . 
  you ca n't , because you would pay a lot more for roaming when using it in belgium . 
  ( even under the new rules ), 
  you need to pay 8000 euro to renounce your turkish citizenship if you haven ; t served yet . 
  we should really stop doing that . 
  no because she 's under trial for insulting mohammed in turkey . 
  but they got her out of turkey in a diplomatic plane , so the turks can charge her with whatever they can come up with , as long as she does n't enter turkey she 's safe . 
  naturally . 
  there 's absolutely no point to fight a war . 
  if they kept a pm or something that 's different , but a dozen dual national citizens are n't worth fighting a war over . 
  children ca n't decide over things like that , alternative is to offer the choice at something like 18 years . 
  we ca n't all live in germany . 
  it 's a shit excuse for important problems with our economic system . 
  i do n't know what these people want . 
  i suppose if they want to leave it 's a better idea to think of a way to get them out of there . 
  lodge them aboard a ship or something . 
  but at this stage sanctions would n't be out of place either . 
  the article mentioned judicial trial is running for * some * but that sounds like ` not all ' . 
  it 's no doubt illegal , but there is n't much we can do about it i suppose . 
  with ebru umar there was still some good will and they managed to get her out of there , but that 's gone now . 
  not really , flanders has a population density of 477p/km2 , the netherlands has a population density of 502p/km2 . 
  this is due to 18 % of our country being water . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  or do you only walk this earth to hoard money ? 
  because that 's pretty fucking pathetic . 
  ask any grandpa/ma with children and grandchildren if he/she wanted to have a million euro but be alone in a care-home instead . 
  pretty sure you know the answer what he/she would pick . 
  against short-term self interest ? 
  sure , if you 're in your 20s you may want to do stuff yourself , travel , work , restore a car , home or whatever floats your boat . 
  but in the long-term it 's against your self-interest , your life is going to be pathetic and empty once you get older and the travel and drinking and feasting does n't allude you anymore and the only affection in your life is the maid you pay to do your dishes . 
  half of belgium is n't flat at all with the belgian ardennes . 
  i do n't suppose they do , and never said that either . 
  plenty of muslims who do n't believe in it , and plenty of westerners who do believe in it , it was about the prevailing opinion . 
  great thing is that households with be self-sustaining in the future . 
  no more energy giants . 
   that 's incredibly hypocritical of you . 
  there are other ways people can be oppressed other than denial of religous expression . 
  so british universities , specifically the department of gender studies should become independent countries ? 
   how so ? 
  czechia 10,5 million catalonia 7 million netherlands 17,5 million that so . 
  the question of our independence was settled in the 16th century , and is not a question today . 
  that of catalonia is . 
  it 's the 8th most populous country in the eu out of 28 countries , and 10th most populous country in the whole of europe . 
  so it 's pretty big for european standards , most countries are smaller . 
  yes europe needed that , provided you believe in western values like religious freedom . 
  muskets , cannons and pikes decided that . 
  but even so , the netherlands is as big as czechia and catalonia combined , so while we 're a small country , for european standards we 're a large country , and that 's the point . 
  people should 've the right of self-determination , but only if all other options are exhausted . 
  which they are n't , and there 's plenty of room to settle the quarrel without balkanizing another region . 
   `` it is important for european farmers and ultimately consumers that there will be effective competition in pesticide markets and how exactly would they see that happening with like 2 companies owning the market ? 
  isis or affiliates might actually stage an attack because of that . 
  we do n't have islamic views on child marriage . 
  they 're welcome to marry and live long and happily ever after in saudi arabia . 
  guillaume is french for william , and william is english for willem and willem is dutch for guillaume/william . 
  there have been a lot of williams , guillaume 's and willem 's throughout history , but these two are 6 centuries apart . 
  however it appears there have been two countries that ever conquered england . 
  willem van oranje , or william of orange . 
  following 1672 a similar combined english-french attack on the netherlands was expected , so we prepared a pre-emptive attack . 
  the french in response seized all dutch vessels in french ports , the plan was moved forward and the dutch republic invaded the uk in 1688 with a dutch army and fleet of 40.000 men and 463 ships , a force twice the size of the spanish armada , and removed the british throne . 
  william then crowned himself king of england , ireland and scotland , which he remained until his death . 
  only for formerly colonized people . 
  for all the others ` self determination ' is legally a hollow phrase . 
  that 's a different ` guillaume ' . 
  what have you been smoking ? 
  not particularly , but from a language perspective i suppose you could argue so if french is your thing . 
  the only people that ever conquered england are the dutch . 
   william 's successful invasion of england with a dutch fleet and army led to his ascension to the english throne as william iii of england jointly with his wife mary ii of england , james 's daughter , after the declaration of right , leading to the bill of rights 1689 . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/glorious_revolution ), 
  i do n't think europe needs another small country . 
  spain and catalonia should seek to mend their quarrels without breaking up . 
  that 's great , i figured i 'll post it again since you could n't interpret it from the graph itself . 
  you can have another source . 
   the reduction of resident population is mainly due to the progressive increase of deaths and the decrease of births , which is a phenomenon that will be particularly pronounced from 2040 on . 
  therefore , the natural growth would become negative as of the second year of the projection ( 2015 ) , with a total of eight million persons in the 50 years projected . 
  this negative growth would not be offset by the migratory balance , which would be positive for the same period with around 2.5 million net foreign migrations . 
  in 2064 spain will have 40 million citizens and an annual population decline of 230.000 , compared to 60.000 last year . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://www.ine.es/en/prensa/np870_en.pdf ) your population will decrease , and the rate at which it decreases will increase . 
  that is what is happening , albeit slowly . 
  seeing as the decline from for example 40 million to 10 million will take about as long as from 40 people to 10 , or from 400 to 100 , but the total nominal decline is going to be the largest the next decades/century . 
  ca n't say i am , but i suppose the argument at hand is getting too hot under your feet . 
  yes they 're very much dying out . 
  i 'm sorry that 's something you ca n't cope with , but it is as it is . 
  it will not ever solve itself in the current situation , not in 50 years , not in 100 years , not ever until something changes , spanish are just dying out over the decades , short and simple . 
  it 's caught up in the spam-filter for the mods to review because it contains trigger words . 
  you can read it by clicking on his username . 
  no it 's not . 
   the total fertility rate ( tfr ) , sometimes also called the fertility rate , absolute/potential natality , period total fertility rate ( ptfr ) or total period fertility rate ( tpfr ) of a population ** is the average number of children that would be born to a woman over her lifetime ** [ ... ] [ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/total_fertility_rate ) which stands at about 1,3 for spain ( where as 2,1 is the self-replenishment rate ) this will decrease further when old women die . 
  fertility is measured as births per women , old women already had children , they already count . 
  so it will actually decline further . 
  except it wo n't , since births remain far below self replenishment . 
  so by that logic you agree ww1 was toughter in that regard as well . 
  i just took offense as you seemed to imply the life of a woman is worth more than a man .
