   hardly . 
  it 's a joint-project because that simply makes the most sense . 
  that 's how they lull themselves to sleep at night . 
  it 's joint as in we pay they make . 
   we could do it entirely by ourselves . 
  no i do n't think so , loads of things we ca n't do anymore as we 've the ambition of a wet towel . 
  you were likely looking at the crew smoking-area on the lower left stern of the ship . 
  if only they were relevant and part of an argument . 
  it 's true , but things have been going the wrong way . 
  now it seems we even need to go to a country half our size to even get a submarine replacement . 
  this is does not bode well for the future , ca n't keep reducing and removing everything and expect to remain relevant . 
   reducing costs and creating uniformity is a great first step . 
  creating uniformity ? 
  belgium has 2 former dutch m-frigates , and 6 alkmaar class minesweepers . 
  what was n't uniform exactly ? 
   maybe it was due to poor visibility from all that smoke most likely that , pilot was blinded by coal fumes . 
   the jet came down a few kilometres from the carrier and the pilot was picked up by a rescue team . 
  long before approach it seems . 
  so these numbers are already changing . 
  now start from reply one , by ` they already have a small oil industry ' to the ` they 're expanding it ' and on to ` could be expanded more ' instead of yelling around numbers as if you 're suffering from the tourette syndrom , without making a point . 
  much of that crude import is imported for resale as they have a small petroleum industry . 
  that 's a loss already , the walrus were constructed in rotterdam , what on earth happened that we go to sweden . 
  how deep can you sink . 
  they 're just replacing 2 old frigates with 2 new ones , and 6 old minesweepers with 6 new ones , and belgium does the same . 
  just like you replace your smartphone every now and then , these ships also have a certain lifetime . 
  belgian navy is mediocre with 2 small frigates , the dutch navy less so . 
  because our seas are still riddled with explosives from ww2 which are encountered nearly daily by ships who suck up sand from the north sea or fishers . 
  they 're also used as patrol boats , and can be send on international missions . 
  sonar can also be used for seabed mapping for our submarines . 
  we have 6 currently , so we 'll have 6 again , apparently they have sufficient work for them . 
  also minewarfare is n't dead in many parts of the world . 
   and did you mean a source for me saying that 1.2 billion is not enough ( source : my gut feeling , so not a source at all ) , or for the navy upgrade of 4 billion ? 
  that navy upgrade was just in the news today , so i have a dutch source : i meant that navy deal , i found it thanks . 
  kind of a disappointment , hoped the reality of the international security situation would 've become clear by now , but it seems we 're going in the same direction still . 
  shame . 
   yeah , but also a ridiculously tiny population of under 600k people . 
  i do n't think you can support a serious army on that . 
   nobody said they should support a ` serious army ' . 
  it 's just that if you would place yourself in luxemburgs ' shoes , you would n't be giving away free money to bigger countries just as security assurance . 
  it would be okay to raise something yourself . 
  that does n't have to be a whole army , could just be a taskforce specialized in an area where we lack capabilities . 
   and 1.2 billion is fairly limited , the dutch and belgian navies have just made a deal to acquire 4 billion worth of ships together . 
  i do n't think luxembourg could really pull off more than a handful of soldiers and some transport for them , no way they could run an air force or anything of the kind on 1.2 billion . 
  wait wut , do you have a source on that ? 
  regardless that 4 billion is n't spend each year , that 's spend for example for 10 years of using that ship decreased by left-over value . 
  so while having a 1,2 billion dollar budget , you can still acquire material worth 4 billion dollar . 
  and yes they could run an airforce on that . 
  and ... ? 
  i feel like you 're missing something . 
  he 's accussed , but not convicted , therefor he 's still innocent . 
  and to me the whole accusation has the appearence of being a cover-up . 
  if he did in fact commit the crime , he should be punished , but that punishment is n't anywhere near worth running from . 
  airbus is n't french , it 's spanish , german , british and french . 
  it 's large with general material like rifles , trucks , ifv 's , tanks , but with high-tech equipment and large weaponsystems europe is either far behind or just not producing it at all ( anymore ) . 
  2 % of luxemburg gdp is about 1,2 billion dollar , you can have an army for that . 
  that 's 33 % of what belgium spends , more than any of the baltic states spend . 
  but also very small . 
  luxemburgs gdp is like 60 billion , considerably smaller than romania . 
  ( which has 25x the population ), 
  russian bank with a 20 million portfolio gave fn 10 million ( in other words 50 % of their working capital ) where other much bigger banks did n't find her creditworthy . 
  when it walks like a duck ... 
   i do n't believe that there are . 
  that 's easy for you to say , when the doors of a us high security prison slam shut on him for the rest of his life you 'll brush it of with ` oh , i was wrong . ', 
  while he just lost his life . 
  this is n't about some statutory rape , the uk paid about 20 million pounds by now to besiege the embassy , the same policeforce that is okay with the rotherham incidents which was much worse . 
  it does n't make sense at all , and generally , when there 's smoke , there 's fire . 
  kavala is one location . 
  greece produces about 8000 barrels per day . 
   why do you dismiss such a crime ? 
  i do n't . 
   i have to disagree with that part , the world was multipolar and there was no power which was truly greater then the others , a super power . 
  there were a number of great powers , the us , british , french , german , austro-hungarian , ottoman , russian , japanese were all considered the worlds great powers and some were stronger in some aspects then others but there wasnt one power which was so far above the rest as to need recatogorization . 
  none were a super power . 
  there was actually , the uk . 
  the us was n't anywhere near as powerful as those you mentioned . 
  at ww1 they had the privilige to have a seat at a table for the first time , but it took ww2 for them to actually be allowed to speak . 
   more importantly : the fact that china subsidizes the steel makes it even better . 
  why should n't europeans take advantage of the money of chinese taxpayers if they 're giving it away ? 
   because our own steel production facilities are closing , we 're losing thousands of jobs , and by the time all our steel comes from china they 'll be charging premium prices as there 's no competition left . 
   export subsidies hurt the exporting country , not the importing one . 
  that 's nonsense , they hurt both , but ultimately the exporting ones walk of with profit . 
  you seem like a warm loving person . 
  generally the suez crisis is regarded as the moment british-french superpower was handed over to the us . 
  the us was very isolationist in the interbellum and not that important , although it was expanding its foothold it certainly was no superpower . 
  until ww2 when europe practically threw it in their lap . 
  if you think that you could make a case of putting it up for a referendum again . 
  do n't expect a different result though . 
   i 'm not taking a stance on the validity of the accusation , but i understand why he would need to be questioned in that scenario . 
  no state would go through this much effort to get to the perpetrator of such an offense . 
  just listen to yourself , if he leaves that embassy what is he looking at for non-consensual sex ? 
  a fine ? 
  3 months in prison ? 
  you really think he has given up on free life for that ? 
   i will make an eu constitution , i thought we were clear on that , people do n't want an eu constitution . 
  latvia and lithuania better increase their spending then . 
   to be a bit more precise , there was conditional consent : she was consented to sex on the condition that he used a condom . 
  he then took off the condom , so consent was no longer there . 
  meaning that as soon as he knowingly removed the condom , he committed rape/sexual assault . 
   alright , that 's wrong if true naturally , but i doubt that 's what this is about , i doubt that even happened for that matter . 
  sweden is asked by the us to prie him out of that embassy so they can deport him stateside .
