  if they ` accidently ' do so they will deliberately be shot down . 
  indeed , we all know how dangerous and violent the dutch can get for their gods . 
  there are reports of shootings at the moment , have n't heard anything about the driver being caught either . 
  it 's a guess , busy narrow downtown street and he made it quite far if i may believe the reports so far . 
  an article compared it to nice , and 87 people died in nice last year . 
  at least 3 dead confirmed , but looking at the street it 's going to be closer to 80 than 3 in the end . 
  this is a big one unfortunately . 
   oh yes , i 'm pretty sure vietnamites and iraquis loved to be protected . 
  the vietnam war was never about protecting the populace but stopping the spread of communism , iraq was a case of removing a mental dictator that had gone wild . 
   and either way i do n't give fuck . 
  it 's a violation of the international law . 
  of course you do n't give a fuck , you 're a psychopath . 
  you do n't have a feeling of right or wrong , compassion or empathy or justice . 
   if not , then someone could also say that russia is protecting people in donbass . 
  and the ludicrous comparisons just keep getting more extreme . 
  whatever floats your boat i suppose . 
  probably not , syria will likely de-escalate . 
  but we might , this was n't the first chemical attack in syria , in fact there have been 102 chemical attacks so far ( 100 of which in rebel territory ) so it might not be the last , but with the next , things can really come loose . 
  russia or china will never support non-lethal sanctions for this , because they 're both mass murderers themselves . 
  but if non-lethal sanctions are n't an option , as it was n't now with china and russia vetoing it , the military option is the alternative . 
  this one was a very careful shot across the bow , the americans informed the russians , the russians informed the syrians , that 's why only 9 people died and only a few jets . 
  but the next time they may not be so courteous . 
  indeed i am . 
  protecting those who ca n't protect themselves is one of the biggest virtues mankind can possess . 
  we protect the poor for this reason , we protect the sick , we protect endangered animals , and in this case we protect civilians against a military force . 
  they 're not equiped to maintain that kind of engagement in syria . 
  in fact they 're not equiped to maintain a serious engagement anywhere away from their own borders . 
   we are not talking about a full-scale war here . 
  that 's exactly what we 're talking about . 
  the syrian army would go belly up in 24-48 hours , russia will stand idly by , at which point the safety of their personnel will be their primary concern forcing them to move out . 
  europe having 2 seats is becoming increasingly untenable . 
  there have already been talks about removing one of them , in this case most likely the uk . 
  countries like india , russia and china will call for others to take their place if they 're going to change things . 
  france could keep their seat perhaps jointly with germany , or with the eu . 
  military wise they 're a shadow of their former self . 
  the former proud soviet military compeltely collapsed following an intervention in afghanistan , the new scraps of the former proud soviet military will collapse way before it comes to an intervention in syria . 
  they can kick and scream all they want , they 're a midget in an oversized pants , strangled them once , will strangle them again . 
  they do n't need a mandate , they just do what is right . 
  europe would oppose any change to the unsc , because it would mean both the uk and france would lose their seat . 
  there 's several forms of justification . 
  there 's legal justification , which was exhausted but did not prove helpful , and there 's moral/ethical justification . 
  the un does allow for self defense , and since civilians ca n't defend themselves against planes dropping nerve agents on them , the us did it for them . 
  yes . 
  the autopsies were performed by turkey where some of the wounded and deceased were brought . 
  not that you would care about the truth , please proceed with your personal america-hate campaign . 
  typical russian propaganda bot here . 
  ` there was no sarin ' , oh there was , wait , ` the sarin was n't from assad ! ' . 
  but it struck rebel territory , ` we accidently hit a rebel depot ! ' . 
  you may fool someone more gullible with that shite , but it is n't working on me . 
  you do n't need it , but it was delivered by an airplane . 
  wether you need it is irrelevant . 
  i 'm not surprised you do n't understand it if you do n't even know the difference between crimea/donbass and an airstrike on a military airfield following the use of chemical weapons by the military on civilians . 
  unfortunately you 're just smart enough to understand how to breath , but that 's all i would expect of you . 
  welcome to the modern world . 
  where you can see , hear and talk to everybody within seconds . 
  it was sarin by the way , as autopsies performed in turkey showed as well . 
   yes , but that 's nothing you can change at this point . 
  russia is too involved over there by now . 
  once assad falls russia will high tail out of there before the rebels turn on their troops . 
  no , i simply consider it obsolete . 
  eu politicians support the us because when it comes to russia we 've got them covered and they got us . 
  your ` mentality ' is to always feel free to do whatever you can without zero compassion or consideration to anyone else , the ` west did it too ' comes after you pulled of another stunt . 
  it does n't matter what the west does , you 're a stray projectile that can not be defined by traditional reason . 
  if what remains of the syrian airforce would strike american special forces said airforce would cease to exist pretty much over night . 
  the syrian airforce has already lost a lot in the war , they 're struggling to field a couple of aircraft and they would n't risk these few just for some vengeance because they 're a vital weapon . 
  assad has proven to be way to calculated for that . 
  he would 've been covered by 3 feet of sand already if he would n't be anyway . 
  the whole purpose is to set a precedent here . 
  that 's not a problem , that 's a means to an end . 
  the rebels do n't have aircraft either . 
   without a single shred of proof it 's actually proven , chemical tests confirmed sarin was used , the us tracked from which airfield the plane delivering the nerve agent departed , said airfield is now debris . 
  seek vengeance how exactly ? 
  special forces do n't exactly face brigades in the field . 
  besides , there are dozens of coalition airplanes and ships in/around syria , one wrong move and he 'll be bombed to kingdom come . 
  ask ukraine how international law is working for them . 
  trump just showed his teeth , if others like russia have no regard for international laws , then it would be foolish to believe the west has no teeth . 
  now that that 's out of the way perhaps the people might see the merit of these laws again . 
  the dutch foreign ministry said the us struck the base because the unsc failed to adopt a resolution and they will not accept the use of chemical weapons to be without sanction . 
  if china and russia would n't veto a unsc resolution , the next time a non-lethal sanction would be possible . 
  airforce of jihadists or not , that sounds completely reasonable to me . 
  of course , but unification is a terrible idea . 
  of course they can take the baltics , they just ca n't keep it . 
  when their rigs burn , their ports are rubble , their electrcity is out , their airfields are debris , their internet and phone communication is gone it 's only a matter of time before they back down . 
  no need for any counter invasion , you just lay siege and give it to them good . 
  by removing the tourniquet you would only allow the rot to expand to the rest of the body . 
  it just rises the rates at which you borrow . 
  it allows you to devalue historic debt , but if you do it often you 're going to be borrowing in external currencies . 
  anyway this is all part of investing , it 's not bad or good , it 's how the system works . 
  if you do n't like it , go buy something intrinsically valuable . 
  the countries would not be hit nearly as hard without the euro . 
  the only reason the debt crisis hit europe is because some states were able to accumulate an unsustainable level of debt by virtue of being in the eurozone . 
  investors were deluded in thinking the eu/ez would be colleteral . 
  without the euro , greece would 've had no eurocrisis , no debt crisis , no need for austerity . 
  the financial crisis would hit , and a year or 3 later they would be back on their feet . 
  he 's the leader the turks deserve . 
  him disappearing wo n't solve a thing , plenty of replacements are waiting in line . 
  only if you agree to share sovereignty over it with spain . 
  half of you is already rotten away . 
  russia would use nukes simply to counter nato firepower . 
  the west would n't need to escalate that , simply because it would n't have to .
