   particularly with it looking like the president elect of us is just a puppet for the russians , you realize these are just spasms of an establishment which had the candidate they had invested in on the losing side against the odds ? 
  if the other politicians are anything like her , i personally prefer to keep it that way . 
  there 's so many ( too many ) migrants willing to go to the uk it 's a bloody shame they have n't charged europeans before . 
  basic demand-supply economics there . 
  the sun rises for nothing as they say in the netherlands , for all the rest you pay . 
  you 've played too many video games kid , it has troubled your sense of reality . 
  [ yes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_fiscal_compact ) . 
   i 'm talking about unusual radical streaks within said religions in other words a lack of uniformity . 
  the whole protestant stream of christianity was a radical streak that did n't have uniformity . 
  ` going back to the core ' , ` doing away with modern spiritual decay ' , that 's how it all started . 
  the existence of the bible belt in the netherlands is n't really attributable to this , as the same dynamic was at play in all protestant communities yet they converted to atheism at a much higher rate than catholics . 
  cars leave the factory often without radio . 
  they 're usually added by the national import center or your dealership . 
  ( like some other luxuries ), 
   some harmonization on fiscal policy , we tried that before , was n't very succesful . 
  17 years on france still ca n't comply . 
  so i 'll wager the french will stick the next harmonisation up their ass too , no use in even trying anymore . 
  irreligiousity among ( formerly ) protestant communities is far more common . 
  it 's the catholic church that managed to keep the most believers . 
  the clergy should get a one-way plane ticket to some islamic paradise in the middle east or africa , regardless which side of the early medieval ages educated them . 
   for the diyanet . 
  ah , the so called ` moderates ' . 
  they also ` educate ' our imams . 
  ( at least the non-salafist ones ), 
  maybe so ( i do n't know him ) but this one is certainly good . 
  i read it as sarcasm . 
  especially before you framing it up . 
  ` hiring for survival ' , the fuck you think we are living here , kenya ? 
  women working in that industry choose to do so , not out of survival , they can perfectly survive by standing behind a bar or in a clothing shop too . 
   morally adverb uk / \u02c8m\u0252r.\u0259l.i / us / \u02c8m\u0254\u02d0r.\u0259l.i /  * b2 based on principles that you or people in general consider to be right , honest , or acceptable : * [ 1 ] ( http://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/morally ) it is , yes . 
  there 's everything subjective about it being morally right or not . 
   if you go back to classical world such as greece or rome pedophiles was a norm so having a majority that agrees with something doesnt mean its right from a societal viewpoint , a majority thinking pedophilia is right makes it ethically right . 
  morality remains an individual judgement , you can say it 's wrong eventhough a majority could say it 's right . 
  having said that , pedophilia has never been the norm in greek nor roman society , so called pedercastie was always a contentious issue . 
  a better example would be homosexual behaviour , this was the norm in both greek and early roman society , centuries later you could get killed or mutilated for it . 
  harming another human is no longer a morality issue . 
  that said , pedophiles may believe that what they experience is not wrong ( although many do not ) however the vast majority of all people ( in the west ) believe it 's wrong . 
  that 's why as a society we say it 's wrong . 
  this is very different from issues where people are very divided in thinking wether something is wrong or not . 
   no morality is within a culture which only in a totalitarian culture , which we have not . 
   person killing people says its nothing wrong in his `` morality '' and you have to accept him with your reasoning many agree killing people can be right , for example in a war . 
  some people say killing people is always wrong , even in a war . 
  some people say it is right to kill a burglar , some say it is not . 
  morality is subjective . 
  the thing is , morality is subjective . 
  your morals are your own , not somebody elses . 
  there 's only one morality that matters , it 's not yours , but only that of the women ( or guy for that matter ) doing that job . 
  for as far as the tax money , that money is meant to be spend helping people in need of help , wether that help is getting a job , getting medical assistance , or some affection . 
  he 's maltese , it looks like poland but it 's a different country . 
  somewhere below sicily , god knows where as a map does n't even show it . 
  where is it mentioned it 's normal ? 
  it 's a rather new idea , not yet the normal . 
  perhaps you should seek some information on it , pauw made a nice episode about it if you can acquire subtitles , given from both perspectives ( the employees and clients ) i did n't see much harm in it , and the girls did n't mind it at all , in fact their job was far more innocent than the regular sex industry . 
  some just wanted to see a movie together , or play a board game . 
  jea about that , i regularly use these new diesel trains , never seen an air propellor on the rear . 
  i hope so . 
  it 's been a while since france had a strong president which set a course . 
  it 's not really the weather that kills them , it 's just the last straw . 
  if it were 10 degrees now , they might succumb to a cold/flu in 2 weeks . 
  it 's not like people with a severe down syndrom or with a deformed body due to a muscle disease of some sort can hop into a bar and meet up with a guy/girl , or have a match on tinder . 
  while these people have humanly desire for affection all the same . 
  if some tax money can bring that little affection in their life , it has my blessing . 
  not that it even matters in the scheme of things , since the banks recieved hundreds of billions of euro 's , taxes might as well be burned or thrown into the sea and it would still be money well spend . 
  it was rumoured the russians knew about the coup and informed erdogan indeed . 
  with the syrian war , they likely have a lot of intelligence keeping an eye on the turkish military . 
  this is already done in the netherlands . 
  i do n't see why its ` bat shit crazy ' . 
  no it 's not , it 's tolerated . 
   the party blocking most of that recently changed its position , verkiezingsgelul , de vvd zegt alles wanneer ze dat een stem oplevert , wanneer het puntje bij het paaltje komt krijg je echter nul op je rekest . 
   most billionaires are n't making their money through an actual salary - it 's all capital gains . 
  it 's all well and good to say as a ceo you ca n't make more than x amount , but that wo n't stop them from accruing wealth via their property stakes anyway . 
   capital gains are taxed theoratically , and will soon be taxed real time in the netherlands . 
   and that may not cause brain drain - but it would cause talent drain . 
  imagine if all your football players left a country to go play in another where they can earn more than five times as much ? 
  or if all the actors left ? 
  there 's no talent up there . 
  all talent of society earns significantly less . 
  what you have in these income-regions are nobility , acrued wealth by family association . 
  it 's a very toxic environment , where the value of life is measured by what you 're worth , not what you can do . 
  i agree . 
  the netherlands has a wage cap in the ( semi ) public sector which is at $ 228.599 currently ( 130 % of a minister salary ) all inclusive . 
  ( so it includes 13th month/bonus/holiday grants etc. ), 
  private sector could be a bit higher , but it seems like a fair maximum . 
  i do n't for a second believe anybody is worth more than that , and the downside is that the cake can only be divided once . 
  a far bigger part of our country was unusable , but we made it usable . 
  that 's the difference . 
   then how come the dutch have a larger population than finland . 
  migration . 
  the spanish looted and burned belgium in the 80 years war , forcing the people to flee into the netherlands . 
  these people brought business , money , knowledge , and power to the netherlands . 
  religious persecution in france forced many french to flee to the netherlands ( which swore of any religious persecution after the spanish were kicked out ) the then very populous state ( + / -5 million in the 17 century ) became a powerful mix of people which became a global superpower and global economic/scientific capital until the consecutive wars with britain/france/german states . 
   how come while the rest of northern europe were vikings because life back then was still about food . 
  the nordic countries did n't have a lot of food capacity to sustain populations just like the netherlands , and they also did n't create anything , unlike the netherlands . 
  but the world changed , other things became more important , things the nordics have in abundance and we have in short supply and need to work very hard for . 
  when we achieve equal ratings , our achievements are much more respectible than theirs . 
  they have everything in abundance , we need to work hard for everything . 
  actually it 's vice versa . 
  finland with all its riches and massive country , compared to a country the size of helsinki with the population of more than sweden and finland combined . 
  not to mention half of our lands were created by ourselves and need to be constantly protected , finns just had it given to them by tens of 1000s of square km 's on a silver platter . 
  in germany perhaps .
