  without terrorism they would just shrug it off , as mass murder would have been unthinkable . 
  i would n't say so . 
  thank you for giving the readers an example for my point . 
  that depends . 
  amish for example are . 
  freedom of speech is a legal thing , you do n't have freedom of speech on / r/europe , in fact you do n't have it anywhere , but the law does n't force commercial entities to ensure limited freedom of speech , it merely prevents the state from enforcing it . 
  diversity of views/news is generally not tolerated on / r/europe and no doubt many other places , that 's why we had to enshrine it into law , by far most people do n't like diversity of ideas/views . 
  in this context ethnic usually refers to traits you have not and can not choose/chosen . 
  like genetic traits , heritage etc. 
  culture refers to traits people choose , like religion/ideology , language , values etc. 
  a multi-ethnic society is fine ( people of all sorts of backgrounds belonging to one society ) , a multicultural one is not ( multiple societies living besides each other , often with hatred , distrust and occasionally violence between each other ), 
  some people are always insulted . 
  i always remind myself of remembrance day 2010 in the netherlands . 
  one lunatic yelled , thousands ran amok , crushing and trampling people , fences were pushed over , the royal family was taken away by security and dozens were injured . 
  that 's fear , and the best proof that terrorism works . 
  it would be naive to think this fear would be limited to us , continentals , or any sub-group , this fear is present in all europeans today . 
  people just do n't realize it . 
  he did n't insult anybody . 
  if you consider historical terrorism a threat to our safety today then it would . 
  but it 's merely a poor excuse on your part . 
  obviously terrorism comes in many forms , but islamic terrorism is what plagues us at the moment , not the ira or eta . 
  til donald trumps son is called donald trump jr , and donald trump 's grandson is named ` donald trump ii ' . 
  on the contrary , it has been having the desired results already . 
  it 's not the kills that matter , it 's the fear , the terror . 
  islam is the main factor in terrorism , immigration just increases the amount of people willing to kill in the name of islam within our borders over time . 
  sp has 14 seats too , so they 're shared the biggest on the left-flank . 
  also important is that cu said they should first try gl . 
  so the most likely alternative to gl wants them to try this first . 
  yes it takes some weeks or months . 
  the last government was an exception , but it was only a 2-party government , which is of course easier than a 4-party coalition . 
  should this not work out it is also possible that parliament will appoint a new formator and start talks all over . 
  there 's no coalition yet , they 're just trying . 
  groenlinks wants to meet the paris climate agreement , vvd first wants to end international trade in pollution . 
  ( in other words , we reduce co2 here , and sell the rights to produce co2 so that poland can open another coal plant ) so that seems to be a breaking point , because the liberals do n't believe it 's worthwhile to spend money on reducing co2 here to allow others to produce more , to quote them ` air pollution does n't stop at a border post ' . 
  also gl wants taxes on everything , taxes on driving in rush hour , taxes on meat , taxes on public space , taxes per km of road used etc. 
  while the others want a reduction of taxes and a simpler tax system . 
  i do n't think this coalition is leading anywhere , unless gl is going to budge on pretty much all fronts ( which would be natural being the smallest party in the coalition ) but that 's certainly going to cost them in the next election . 
  ( which may be quite soon mind you , our governments usually do n't finish their 4-year term , in fact this coalition was the first to do so in 14 year . 
  coalitions usually end by falling apart ), 
  groenlinks will , d66 probably not . 
   dijsselbloem : on the one hand , we are able to calculate externally if we apply it consistently . 
  on the other hand , the pact within the eurozone is creating confidence . 
  in the euro crisis , the northern eurozone countries have shown solidarity with the crisis countries . 
  as a social democrat , i consider solidarity to be extremely important . 
  but whoever demands it also has duties . 
  i can not spend all my money on liquor and women and then ask for your support . 
  this principle applies at a personal , local , national level and also at european level . 
  that 's a direct quote as i posted in another reply . 
  german probably . 
   diktator [ ... ] totaler [ ... ] rassist [ ... ], 
  but why is n't nazism protected by freedom of religion then ? 
  not all nazi 's were bad , some certainly were , but we ca n't generalize a whole group because of naziophobia . 
  no i 'm not boasting about our financial achievements , it 's the least everybody should be doing , working towards what you promised and signed up for . 
  up until 2015 are the only available numbers . 
  the rest is estimations and claims by politicians . 
  but never mind , some of you were able to provide something , you 've had your chance and it did n't come to anything . 
  perhaps not much , but a hell of a lot more than with italy , spain or portugal . 
  it 's not , but it 's about the best reduction in the eurozone there is besides germany . 
  portuguese debt to gdp increased from 2015-2016 . 
   average net contributions [ 32 ] ( $ millions ) ( 2007-2013 (  italy ; -4,356  netherlands ; -2,073 do you want me to calculate the per capita numbers , or are you able to do that yourself ? 
  so it 's actually not 2,1 % but 2,3 % due to one-off revenues , and the structural deficit is the same , based on an estimation . 
  thanks , that 's the best response i 've been able to get so far . 
  you say you do n't , but it 's bothering you quite a bit apparently . 
  [ that ] ( http://www.torres.es/sites/default/files/vintage/bottle-images/200_torres_stte_large.jpg ) . 
  i 'm assuming sangre means red in portuguese , i could n't think of any other portuguese alcoholic beverages . 
  interesting how this can be such a sensitive issue for you . 
  it 's just a geographical term you know . 
  we 're not central europe , never have been . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://mapofeurope.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/central-europe.jpg ) it 's either west or north . 
  in this context it 's north . 
  it 's never been central europe , and it 's a political division anyway , we have way more in common with scandinavia than with any of the med-countries . 
   defending said buffoon 's remarks , completely disregarding its vague racist remarks and the total inappropriateness of such remarks if you think that was a racist remark there 's something wired wrong up there with you . 
   forgetting that , italian citizens have , per capita , contributed to the eu budget more than dutch citizens ( you guys should stop spending your money on crappy food and weed , amirite ) and you 're full of shit too . 
  per capita you barely pay 10 % of what the dutch pay . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/nol/shared/spl/hi/europe/09/eu_budget_spending/img/graph_net_capit_466x485.gif ), 
  i proved my claim , something none of you can say so far . 
  apparently you ca n't do your own research , so i 'll assume you 're pulling things from your arse here . 
  there are no figures of 2016 . 
  i 've asked a couple of times , but nobody can come up with it , best response so far said that i should look for it myself as he/she was too lazy and/or incapable of finding it . 
  not really , it 's just an extremely distasteful way of conducting diplomacy of the south . 
  dijsselbloem is n't bothered too much with it , he said his direct and upfront communication is n't well recieved in the south and that he takes a lesson from the cultural differences . 
  no , i 'm observing portugal is n't . 
  they 're at 129 % and climbing at the moment . 
  dijsselbloem became a minister in 2012 and reduced debt to gdp from 66,4 % to 65,1 % while in recession during his term with an even bigger decrease upcoming this year , almost the best fiscal policy in the entire eurozone after germany . 
  a minister with [ this ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/portugal/government-debt-to-gdp ) on his curriculum has a lot to learn from him . 
  you can keep the poepsak on , i meant the south african version . 
  afrikaans never ceases to amuse me . 
  it 's such a jolly language . 
  but since your post apparently gave him/her cancer a * rukkie * ago , perhaps you know of any * snijdokters * he/she could go to ? 
  the issue is that you percieve the truth as an attack , not that the truth would be an attack . 
  it 's not a conspiracy , just a political game . 
  there were no obtuse statements . 
  in the corner of the aftrekplek or in the hijsbakkie ? 
  the burden of proof is with the one making the claim , not the one assessing it . 
  sources please . 
  i can claim all sorts of things too . 
  besides , the debt needs to be below 60 % ** and ** the deficit below 3 % . 
  the deficit is not the only thing , and even if it would be 2,1 % , which i assume it is n't since nobody can back it up , that would still exceed gdp growth over 2016 , hence the relative debt will have increased , and be even further away from 60 % then it already was . 
  dijsselbloems party lost heavily in the elections ( 38/150 to 9/150 in parliament ) , they saw an opportunity to challenge his position and replace him with a southern finance minister to go easy on the fiscal compact . 
  i did not see any figures .
