  these competitive advantages are already present currently between individual eu members and canada/us for example . 
  these will be sovereign decisions of the uk which nobody can challenge . 
   when europe is making decisions that go against the overwhelming viewpoint of the scientific community you need to take a step back and reconsider . 
   luckily we went against the overwhelming viewpoint of the scientific community when they vouched lead was not toxic and high concentrations of lead everywhere were normal . 
  too often science is whatever the highest bidder says it is . 
   and what about when we want to import ? 
  then we only import good food . 
   i guess impoverished farmers should accept poor crop yields because some ignorant person wants `` good '' food . 
  if they have poor crop yields they 're not good farmers and should consider looking for a different profession . 
   despite there being nothing bad about the pesticide in question . 
  there 's nothing bad about hormone beef either , except that it produces meat that 's barely worth feeding your dog . 
  they could , but other eu members , the ones that pay their bills , do have something to lose . 
  i assume these decisions will be made after a brexit agreement is signed , it has little to do with the brexit agreement anyway . 
   has been suggested . 
  meanwhile actual research has seen indication that it is highly dependent on soil make-up , where degradation can range from not at all to 6 months or a month . 
  de classificering is hier afbreekbaar tot persistent 2 . 
  which is why it 's classified as ` degradable to persistent ' depending on conditions . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://www.rug.nl/research/portal/files/14487052/c87.pdf ), 
   shifting the argument from danger to quality does n't do anything . 
  it 's not shifting at all , it 's simply both that are important . 
   if the uk is not part of the eu , then visas and residence rights for non-nationals would be automatically organised on a country by country basis rather than eu wide . 
  that 's what i said , yes . 
  that cuts both ways . 
   firstly , that 's not true . 
  then you have some reading to do son , because that 's absolutely true . 
   `` roundup is less toxic than aspirin or salt and moreover is biodegradable '' . 
  hahahaha . 
  the toxicity of roundup is debated , but it is absolutely not biodegradable , once ingested you 'll carry it with you indefinite . 
  this whole argument always reminds me of the leaded-gasoline discussion . 
  ` lead is not toxic ' , ` by throwing lead out of the pipe of your car we do not increase lead levels in the environment ' . 
  thank god for pattersons ' perseverance . 
   none of that warrants a ban . 
  europe decides what europe considers would warrant a ban . 
   the biggest lie told about monsanto and the area in general is that the science is not understood . 
  in europe science is not the only thing considered important when talking about food . 
  food also has a culturally aspect , we like good food , we do n't like bad food , wether that be harmful or not . 
   why would you ban crops that have used a pesticide known to be safe that could drastically help struggling third world farmers increase their yield ? 
  europe is not the third world , so go sell it to the third world then . 
   why should it not exist ? 
   because nature is carefuly balanced , and can easily be thrown off balance . 
   crossbreeding is normal plant behaviour . 
  over the course of centuries of changing to and being formed by the environment . 
  sometimes even specifically a local environment . 
  if you go into a lab and introduce centuries worth of change in a seed you 're running the risk of damaging the balance . 
  even non-gmo plants can completely destroy an eco-system when they do n't belong somewhere . 
  i 'm not saying gmo 's are either good or bad , but it 's a very difficult subject with many sides both scientific as well as ` unscientific ' . 
  we should n't make decisions about it easy nor should we pretend it 's as simple as a traffic light , because it 's not . 
  probably , but then fillon and le pen will face each other in round 2 and all socialist voters will pick fillon and le pen will lose with about + / -35 % of the votes . 
  then again france fits 15 times in the us , so a more provincial type of election is better fit for france . 
  i think he means that britain can just decide that people from for example benelux or france can automatically get a work permit , but people from romania or latvia will need to conform to different rules to acquire a permit . 
  that 's their own right post-brexit . 
  considering religion is a set of moral and ethical guidelines i see no harm in that as an atheist . 
  i mean ` thy shall not steal ' and that kind of things are n't harmful for a decision , they 're quite okay in fact . 
  do n't ask questions , because that 's intend for conversation . 
  nod and say ` hoi ' . 
  ( - nationaliteit ), 
  it 's sufficient to use whatsapp , best thing about it is that you never end up with a higher bill at the end of the month since you ca n't exceed your bundle . 
   it does ? 
  do you mean unlimited calls in the netherlands ? 
   i pay t-mobile 30 euros a month for 20 gb ( i.e. 
  just for the data ) no , unlimited internet , you pay for 20gb at full speed , when you 're through your 20gb you 'll have unlimited data but at a much lower speed ( 64 kb/s i think ), 
  over the course of more than 8 months , not in a single day . 
  things took the wrong turn here , in the early days all internet was without limit , supposedly providers started to charge per gb because they said their networks were too heavily used with tethering . 
  ( using your phone as modem to have internet on your laptop or something ) that 's when they started to charge per gb , and most contracts now are like 1gb . 
  it 's just a matter of hopping from wifi to wifi and only using 4g when you do n't have wifi . 
  i do have unlimited internet by the way , tele2 and t-mobile always have unlimited internet , but when you 're through your mb 's you 're downgraded to a 64kb/s connection . 
  probably related to the french elections coming soon . 
  it 's just a statement , not like the us will give it a second thought whatever a french president says . 
   i really would like to see how this has been doing `` harassing maneuvers '' . 
  not stopping for the patrol boat which may have attempted to block its path ? 
  you know what i said , i assume you do n't need clarification . 
  they did n't carpet bomb in that sense , the city was evacuated of defense after being declared a ` free zone ' all military hardware was removed . 
  bombers were able to fly low and calm and bomb what they wanted . 
  they spared the building probably to be able to navigate . 
  happy to be of service . 
  there 's a reason they were banned a while back . 
  britain and russia were n't sure to lose , so the comparison goes cripple . 
  the gazelle will not live on , it has nothing to lose , the majority of people will after a war . 
  that 's why we surrendered . 
  to spare ourselves of a similar fate . 
  if you 're going to lose better do so with dignity . 
  for some germans this seemed unacceptible after ww1 , but this also turned them against each other . 
  villages started to surrender , german forces started to bomb their own cities/towns . 
  it 's a very old term , it was already used against germans as early as in the 16th century . 
  it could be based on the german word ` muff ' ( cranky ) so you would call germans cranky annoying people according to wikipedia . 
  also a ` mof ' is a glove without fingers . 
  after the war the netherlands pushed for the destruction of the german state and wanted it to cease existing all together . 
  relations were pretty bad . 
  :p an example of the [ dutch proposal ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/nederlandse_annexatie_van_duits_grondgebied_na_de_tweede_wereldoorlog#/media/file:bakker_schut-plan.png ) , the rest was to be given to belgium , denmark , czecho-slovakia and france . 
  in the end the netherlands was the only country that was given land from western germany , a gesture by the allies to compensate a bit , eventhough they wanted a strong west-germany as bufferstate and had denied previous land claims by others . 
  decades later the netherlands and germany signed a reconciliation agreement where in the netherlands returned the lands it was granted ( except duivelsberg , this was the only former german land that we kept ) in exchange for money . 
   remarkable how it was spared from the destruction caused be the bombings . 
  as someone else mentioned it was likely spared due it functioning as a navigational beacon for german pilots . 
  the uk never saw this large bombing raids , and your cities were n't within range of more of them . 
   civilian bombing is the least effective form of warfare and is basically terrorism . 
  it was pretty effective , we surrendered . 
  if they did n't bomb rotterdam or any non-military target the war would 've lasted longer and the germans would 've lost more men and resources . 
  this was targeted at civilians though , there was no strategic benefit of this bombing other than the fact the german army could n't break dutch defensive lines at the afsluitdijk and grebbeberg . 
  the invasion of the netherlands was quite a disaster for germany , they sought to enforce surrender by killing citizens . 
  it has little to do with accuracy .
