  i 'll take the us over them any day , thank you . 
  most of it will pay itself back in a couple of years , in terms of the value of a house it is no money . 
  which is why pretty much all old buildings have all modern conveniences like central heating , insulation , double glazing and ventilation . 
  you pay 0,3 % more to screw-up other countries like libya and that 's an excuse to not properly run a government budget ? 
  good thing you guys are responsible for your own debt if you think about it like that . 
  it 's 8 billion not 8 million , which is a quarter of france and by chance we also have a quarter of the population of france , but you do n't spend a dime of it for us , you can keep it all , as long as you show you can run a prudent budget which you ca n't . 
   there are major limitations on how much you can do with renovation . 
  not really , you can easily ; * go underneath the house and apply pyrofoam on the underfloor * replace floorboards with concrete * drill small holes in the cavity wall and apply screens for ventilation * drill small holes in the cavity and pour in glassfiber * insert double windows with synthetic fittings/frames . 
   a wall is structural , this is a problem with modern buildings , old buildings tend to only use exterior walls as structural walls , weight is transfered by the traditional ladder-like facade . 
  meaning anything between them can easily be replaced . 
   trying to modify it is very hard . 
  not at all . 
  new buildings are all made of concrete , * that * is hard to modify , old buildings were made with wood on the interior . 
  can easily be removed and replaced with plaster walls , which you can all do yourself with standard tools , unlike a concrete wall . 
   you may have double-pane windows but they still have to be small to fit in the original frames not at all , you always remove the original frames since they tend to be metal and too thin . 
  by now they 're all removed for wood work with double glazing , but you can also replace it with synthetic frame . 
   and finding and fixing every place where there 's drafty air leaking is normally not worth the effort . 
  very basic efforts really , modern windows have build in ventilation , cavity ventilation can easily be installed , and correct placement of radiators will solve all your issues . 
  we spend more per capita on european bullcrap and managed . 
  that 's not an excuse . 
  it does n't work like that , there 's more immigration than surplus and already a huge shortage . 
  also only expensive homes are build . 
  and clouds , grey clouds , far as the eye can see , dark , everything , grey ... 
  he 's a european politician in heart and kidneys . 
  even romania can , but not poland . 
  probably because your government thinks space does n't exist , and would n't want to end up meeting god up there . 
  you realize buildings are constantly renovated right ? 
  all these old buildings have insulation , double windows , central heating and ventilation . 
  unless you 're living in poland or romania . 
   if they 're old enough , they 're also often very cramped with no real way to make more usable space . 
  that 's perfectly possible , even more so than with modern homes . 
  most of these old city buildings support entirely on the exterior walls unlike new buildings . 
  you can change pretty much anything in such a home . 
  i do n't see how you end up with higher prices . 
  new houses are always more expensive than old ones . 
  c-130 's are used by quite a lot of eu countries . 
  the following countries use c-130 's ; belgium , austria , netherlands , greece , spain , sweden , uk , denmark , france and italy . 
  seems quite standard . 
  or did you think that standardization would mean we all buy french ? 
   hollande was pushing for euro bonds , that makes sense for france , not for us . 
  if france had made its finances in good order the past 5 years that would 've been an option , now it 's pretty much of the table . 
  same for the other states , we sacrificed a lot to maintain our creditworthyness , you guys did virtually nothing about it . 
  we 're not going to impoverish our people so you can maintain a bloated lifestyle and have us pay for it . 
   https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/18/db/4a/18db4a5dff23d31682edfb72f6dbf71e.png triggered , 1795-1815 , worst days of my life . 
  prefer map of 1815-1824 and i 'm in . 
  that is fine , there are tons of things we can do together while maintaining sovereignty over our own armed forces . 
  standardized training , common spending standard , standardized equipment ( rifles , trucks , planes , drones ) , common strategic airlift etc. 
  france has a pretty respectible military history , that was not their finest hour , but that 's how wars go . 
  you can win and lose , there are n't a lot of countries , if any , with a stainless military record . 
  those are great examples of ( potentially ) succesful cooperation , however it was about an eu army , not cooperation . 
  the latter is fine , the former is not . 
  the economy is irrelevant , the us was isolationist and kept to it 's own turf . 
  it was the least relevant power at the time anywhere outside america itself . 
   also the us was one of the main countries involved with the peace in 1918 . 
  i already covered that , is was the first time you had a seat , but very little to say . 
  this is making me quite sad , what an absolute waste . 
  that 's a small price to pay to not get depressed by living in a concrete wasteland . 
   it cuts down massively on duplication , to introduce the dreaded brussels bureaucracy instead . 
  we 're not going to gain anything in terms of efficiency , probably even lose out . 
  in any case , it 's not worth surrendering our nationhood for . 
  to be truthful the last troops surrendered after 17/18 days to cover the british/french retreat . 
  people say it as a joke , but the fact we held out for ` so long ' is because the german invasion was a massive disaster , which ended up in the netherlands destroying 500 german planes , capturing dozens of pilots and hundreds of troops which were shipped right of to britain ( and so never released after we surrendered ) if you compare it to france , we led a very succesful defense . 
  they could , together with belgium and the uk , hold out for 3 weeks . 
  we did 5 days on our own , and afterwards refused to surrender the southern troops to keep the coalition flank defended . 
  if anything , you should be laughing at them , they had the big army , they had a bigger army helping them , and yet another smaller one , and had much more ground to slow their retreat . 
  i 'm not british , but suit yourself . 
  we got more in orders from the f-35 then we paid for it . 
  we make deals you know , to produce and maintain parts of the f-35 , we were part of the development program of the f-35 after all . 
  we just bought 37 f-35 's , by increasing to 2 % we could for example buy 70 and have billions left to invest in other branches of the military . 
  what 1/27 plane are you talking about exactly ? 
  are you that old ? 
  amazing that you 're on a computer at your age . 
  he did n't flee for a statutory rape case . 
  that 's the whole point . 
  he is willing to sit out that trial , but wants assurance that he 's not extradited to the us . 
  they will not give him that . 
   `` instead of planning expensive new headquarters or dreaming of a european army , what europe needs to do now is to spend more on its own defence , that is the best possible approach to the trump presidency , '' he has a point , they only want an eu army because they do n't want to spend more , what good will come from a cooperation that is initiated by the reluctance to spend a dime . 
  now that would be some day to wake up to . 
  it 's not brussel . 
  russia and the uk are n't going to fight a land-war . 
  it 's all going to be at sea and in the sky , so these artilery pieces are n't very interesting . 
  spain and belgium are both running a considerable deficit , they do n't have money to spare for defense , they do n't have money to spare for anything , they 're running short , each month , each year . 
  i do n't think trump has the power to change that no , regarding the question if he wanted too , i do n't know . 
  he 's an unaimed projectile , he 'll likely collide with quite a few of them and make them his enemies . 
  things can take interesting turns from there . 
  as for the candidates i agree it was a choice between the blind and the deaf , except i 'm glad the worst one lost . 
  damen ca n't build submarines . 
  there 's nothing joint in what they 're going to do . 
   partnering with them to design and build a replacement for the walrus makes perfect sense . 
  there 's no partnering . 
  we buy subs they make because we ca n't anymore . 
  that 's pretty embarrassing , but sell it as you like . 
  i agree , they 'll vote against no doubt , so that embarrassing chapter can be closed . 
  yes , so i think we can agree these fine gentlemen did n't give dozens of millions of dollars so that poor africans can get aids medicines . 
  it has come to my attention that some people honestly believe that , but i 'm happy to hear you 're not one of them . 
  we 're just a small spoke in the wheel , loads of more donations the clintons recieved . 
  among the large financers are ; sheikh of ethiopia , emir of qatar , prince saud , king of bahrein , kuwait , algeria . 
   obviously saudi arabia i did not know about saudi arabia , but i know the sheikh of ethiopia , the emir of qatar and the king of bahrein , and kuwait donated to the clinton foundation strictly out of altruistic motives . 
   edit : belgium and spain are also richer than us . 
  the % accounts for that already .
