  the influence gained on other fronts would more than offset that . 
  ( the ep is n't really important ), 
  a duel between the dutch and belgian king . 
  only swords , winner takes all . 
  the prinsenvlag is stained by the nazi 's . 
  ( collaborators/nsb ), 
   we have fought at least three wars over this issue , not with the belgians/southern dutch . 
  though the north seceding from spain and the south not created a rift between the two regions which was quite serious for a long time . 
  the good relations we have with belgium now are actually unique and a very recent thing , a century ago belgium was still trying to conquer lands from the netherlands after ww1 , even asking france for help to occupy the netherlands . 
  ( which france declined thankfuly ), 
   as long as the new country is called ** groot - ** vlaanderen, 
  more influence in european and international affairs . 
  larger scale foreign representation , security and all that also saves costs . 
  the netherlands and flanders merged would be the 14th largest economy in the world , and the 4th largest trading economy in the world . 
  france would be reluctant to support breaking up belgium , because let 's face it , the economy of belgium is in flanders . 
  not to insult anyone , and i do n't believe poverty makes people less valuable or anything , but wallonia is n't worth a lot . 
  so in terms of politics it 's not something one would strife for , there 's no resources , no money , there will just be transfers from paris . 
  and then there 's brussel . 
  ( although france can have brussels in my opinion , including the southern corridor so it does n't become an enclave , would n't want brussel to be in the netherlands ) . 
  but pretty sure the flemish would completely disagree here . 
  we do n't . 
  the germans have about the same mindset as we had 30 years ago . 
  not entirely surprisingly we were led by christian democrats then too . 
  more likely we would become a member of the united kingdom than we would ever be part of germany . 
   i would rather buy a country house and find a job in the area , that 's what everybody is thinking , so the prices close to the city are still expensive probably . 
  they get cheaper the more you move away from economic centers . 
  malta and luxemburg are negative , vatican city and liechtenstein are n't even mentioned . 
   former administration decided to commute manning 's sentence . 
  after torturing him for years even though he did nothing wrong . 
  it was a malicious attempt of obama to pretend to be a good person after doing the most awful things to him . 
  no , he lived everywhere and nowhere before seeking asylum in the embassy . 
  he had no home at the time . 
  it 's not your union . 
  we 're a founding member , we can help make of it what we want . 
  if nobody else agrees we could always leave , but at the moment we have societies that do agree with us . 
  the moment he leaves the embassy britain will arrest him and put him on a plane to the us . 
  no we ca n't . 
  in theory we all have passive democratic rights , but de facto the system is rigged . 
  the media and the party-cartel decide who can be elected . 
  and not everybody has the necessary charms , level headedness , and inspiration . 
  some people have it , some do n't , it 's not even necessarily related to intellect . 
  and when someone does , he would need to think twice before using it . 
  because they 'll shoot you if they have to . 
  great , but the only man that could 've stopped this was shot point blank at a tv/radio-studio just before the elections . 
  for what ? 
  there 's no indictment against him other than supposedly secretly removing a condom during intercourse . 
  the americans will torture him . 
  sure , sure , when western europe needs help eastern europe does n't help , but vice versa we need a common defense to help eastern europe . 
  also money please , and jobs while you 're at it , do n't forget to build us some homes too . 
  altruism is nice , but in this shape you can stick it up your backside . 
   that 's what the word `` union '' means . 
   to you perhaps , not to me . 
  keynes ' models withered as economies were increasingly no longer a loop . 
  you want somebody to be tortured and subsequently imprisoned because he 's a journalist ? 
  that 's so great of you , do you also grow a small moustache and stretch your right arm every now and then ? 
   you can prevent a continous mass migration of people from muslim countries towards your own we can not prevent that , our establishment has been pretty clear that if we do that a major comet will strike in the north sea and we all die in a tsunami . 
  it is not a restriction of free speech to deny a travelling visa . 
   make them state owned not in a million years . 
  mosques funded by turkey too . 
  i doubt the japanese authorities were unaware of the real situation . 
  til . 
  i guess we 're not really into baseball , more into football ( which we never win ironically ), 
  are we ? 
  it 's probably okay . 
  electricity networks are quite often rather old , 1950 's / 1960 's material is pretty common . 
  if you have for example giant capacitors that old oil cooled , they sometimes explode . 
  bad switches can cause fires and outages too . 
  after the flooding in 1953 which killed 1836 people in the netherlands , destroyed livestock , homes and infrastructure , we certainly took the sea as a serious threat . 
  now though , we 're pretty confident . 
  there 's a really nice proverb on the water works build following 1953 which words that quite poetically ; ` hier gaan over het tij , de maan , de wind , en wij ' [ 1 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hjbkkea.jpg ) translation ; ` here decides over the tide , the moon , the wind , and us ' . 
  us navy is n't allowed permanent presence in the black sea though . 
  though they recently had excuses that their destroyer hit the bottom which had damaged their propellor . 
  it 's unlikely it 's in the nuclear zone , that said authorities would always say it is not , even if the reactors were spread all over . 
  because it 's already far too late to evacuate and the panic would only prevent authorities from doing what is most important . 
  i had english , latin , ( ancient ) greek , german and french . 
  and of course frisian and dutch . 
  i was very happy i could drop german in the 3rd class , i hated it , sorry  . 
   the eu is not capable of doing such tough , the commision is . 
  the commision consisting of people appointed by the governments , the governments that do n't want this . 
  the governments do n't want this , because the people do n't want it . 
  would you agree to a situation where your monthly salary is reduced by 20 % , so that that money is given to poland , italy or romania ? 
  the eu is n't rich , north-western europe is . 
  and giving others money ( like england does to northern ireland ) is never a great idea . 
  because like northern ireland , giving money removes incentive that drives the capitalist system . 
  why work to earn , if you can sit to collect ? 
  and there you are 10-20 years down the line with practically everybody employed in some ( semi - ) state institution and massive permanent transfers . 
  the reason the markermeer is n't filled up is not because we did n't need the land ( we did ) but i explained it above . 
  the lake what you probably mean ( formerly the southern sea ) is separated into 2 lakes , you can sea the dike on the picture in the middle of it if you zoom in going from the red square to north holland . 
  the upper lake is called the ` ijsselmeer ' which functions as a fresh water lake for farming and water management , the lower lake is called the ` markermeer ' . 
  the lower lake was supposed to be drained and reclaimed , they even started building the necessary dikes to shut it of . 
  however after they started it was realized that if they drained the lake , the ground water levels of amsterdam would fall too much . 
  the old buildings of amsterdam are build on top of wooden pillars to avoid them caving into the ground , becoming the tower of pisa , and eventually collapse . 
  these pillars are exposed to constant ground water which prevents them from rotting . 
  if the ground water were to fall , the pillars would rot , and the old center of amsterdam would collapse all over . 
  that 's when they stopped , preventing the ground water levels from falling was deemed too expensive/difficult . 
  the lake is now a source of worry , it is not connected to streaming water so it 's a muddy pool , it 's very swallow , but pretty much all the coasts lines are artificial ( this does n't allow birds to nest ) . 
  currently they 're busy constructing a swamp national park with a few islands specifically for the birds . 
  [ here you can see the plan ] ( http://www.nd.nl/uploads/2015/9/img-20150915-p04-eiland-illu-3-groot.jpg ) , the causeway on the left is the dike you can see on the picture if you zoom a little in , everything on the right of it is currently under construction . 
  i would n't worry about the netherlands , the most important dikes are build to withstand an extreme condition which only occurs once in 100.000 years . 
  even with current predicted sea levels we can last for another 100 year without substantial work to the defences .
