  [ 8 ] nato has agreed to vastly improve the capabilities of this force with the increased accuracy of the b61 mod 12 upgrade and the delivery of the stealthy f-35 . 
  [ 9 ] [ 10 ] this will , for the first time , add a modest standoff capability to the b61 . 
  that would give a prison time up to 6 years . 
  belgium is part of the nato nuclear sharing program , and as such has b61 's on brogel airfield . 
  of course it needs to be able to carry them , that 's why they 're there . 
  however both the gripen and ef can carry the b61 . 
  it 's just that the f-35 will no doubt be chosen because of being a better plane , it will also ensure inter-operability with the netherlands in the new joined airdefense zone . 
  they would have to aid or engage in armed hostilities against the kingdom . 
  that 's a bit far fetched . 
  i do n't think so . 
  it 's actually pretty common , the eu commission and the us have been suing each other at the wto for airbus and boeing several times . 
  also against us steel industry subsidies , and other cases . 
  it also worries me that you can get access by getting 60.000 votes . 
  now there 's the best of both worlds , some safety limitations , but still oversight . 
    personally i think it should be enough to include 3 parties , though they should also exclude the pvv . 
   wilders takes too many trips to israel to be considered safe . 
  aivd screening might 've solved that , but that proposal did n't make it . 
  the commission . 
   i do n't see how a border without border checks is possible as long as ireland stays in the eu customs union . 
  by ireland and northern ireland having a common border . 
  so not between them , but on all airfields and ports . 
  germany and the eu can both take independent action . 
  the eu itself is a member of the wto , and it would n't need members to agree for it to start a case . 
  i do n't think she 's able . 
  her position is , but she 's passive and reactionary . 
  she did the only thing possible without taking prior control of the situation , let it happen in a somewhat orderly fashion and hope it abates . 
  hmmhm , everything will help akp . 
  zero shits were given . 
  that 's how i see her as well , but that 's no reason to be an ass about it . 
  she 's not intentionally destroying anything , she 's just not able to put a stop to it . 
  arib does not have access to this information , she is speaker of the house , there 's only one party member allowed access . 
   how are these parties , pvdd , 50 + , denk , fvd supposed to vote on issues that requires this information ? 
  is assuming they might not be trustworthy really enough by itself to exclude them ? 
  there would be no voting that requires this information . 
  it 's purely an oversight thing . 
  everything said or seen in the commission is confidential , they ca n't share it with the party . 
  absolutely . 
  next item on the line is banning double passports alltogether , a policy proposed by the cda . 
  that may be , but she 's not a robot . 
  some background ; oversight on state secrets and intelligence operations is confidential and can therefor not be shared to parliament . 
  to give parliament some oversight on the working of the inner-state , there 's a commission called ` commissie-stiekem ' , where every party can assign a fraction leader , they all sign a contract of confidence not to share anything what they hear inside the commission . 
  with the rise of the new akp party a lot of people are worried turkey would get direct access to our state secrets and intelligence , therefor parties tried to push through a law that would make screening of all members by the genenral intelligence agency mandatory , but it did n't have enough support . 
  now they changed the regulations to only allow the 5 largest parties on the board , plus 2 additional ones which can be invited by parliament . 
  therefor denk and other questionable parties will not have access to sensitive information . 
  that must be a cultural difference then . 
  after this show she 's unlikely to yield anything to his favour anymore , and this kind of behavior rules out any fruitful negotiation . 
  it 's fine to dominate someone in negotiations , but you do that in tactful ways . 
  rutte has n't been pro-mass immigration in his last term , it 's not something new . 
  he 's the one that removed priority housing for refugees , that made it illegal for municipalities to provide shelter/food for turned down asylum seekers ` bed-bad-brood regeling ' , let refugees and migrants pay and manage for their own integration course , negotiate the migrant deal with turkey , and opened large scale asylum centers , including tent camps , to prevent the need for individual housing . 
  when you compare us to sweden , you 'll see sweden recieved far more refugees . 
  while welfare wise and job-wise we were pretty equal 4 years ago , and we had a larger migrant community ( tends to attract more ) than sweden . 
  this can pretty much be attributed to rutte . 
  he has never been a supporter of mass-migration , and he and his party have hammered on local refuge for years . 
  behind the scenes he has done a lot of things that actually reduced inflow . 
  no he did n't put barbed wire on the border , he did n't shoot at boats , but he used the means that were reasonably available to achieve at least a part of what others want to with extreme measures . 
  she 's a guest at the us president , and clearly feels uncomfortable in the situation . 
  ` getting shit done ' starts with proper human interaction . 
  or did you think embarrasing someone like this is an open door to a good conversation behind doors ? 
  yea his face speaks volumes . 
  he did n't once manage to look past 12 o'clock at her direction . 
  that 's pure contempt for her . 
  i do n't get it , she 's sweet as a sack of candy . 
  how can anyone compare her to hitler ? 
  half the alt-right will be lying on the ground in a seizure after that reply . 
  the association agreement and candidatestatus should be annulled , a new agreement should be made , membership along with a lot of other rights ( including double passports which is enshrined in the association treaty ) should no longer be on the table . 
  a basic trade agreement and that 's it . 
  if the referendum passes , sanctions should be adopted in the same fashion as belarus . 
  if your opponent uses violence then that 's their fault . 
  decent people do n't use violence . 
  wilders has consistently disproved of any and all violence . 
  it will roll if he did n't put the handbrake on . 
  baudet is less heavy on the populism , which makes them indeed more consistent . 
  i do n't really like him , he 's the alexander pechtold of the right , but i prefer him over wilders indeed . 
  no that was your method , my method is the scientific approach of comparing apples to apples , instead of your watermelons to peaches . 
  and these numbers show a consistent trend with regards to who are the largest . 
  now you know why they lost 29 seats . 
  and then you need to change all numbers to 20 + ones , so you would have a legit comparison . 
  with the dutch as the tallest males . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://www.ncdrisc.org/height-mean-ranking.html ), 
   fraport will help develop the airports then i hope they 'll do a better job then they did at frankfurt . 
  that must be the worst airfield out there . 
  if i recall correctly , the sea level is going to rise about 0,7 m between 2000 and 2100 . 
  but i 'm typing this from 0,6 m below sea level , so being below sea level does n't say a lot . 
   but would n't we have much more to gain if we all worked together ? 
  i do n't know , we could open up the mass graves from the soviet collective farms and ask them . 
   the most skeptical projection puts half of the netherlands underwater by 2100 , making your biggest cities unlivable in your lifetime - source please , because this is bullshit . 
   if they follow the same development path we did there 's no point for us to live in carbon neutral societies . 
  improve the world , start by yourself . 
   but what are these interests that we are trying to protect well for example that we do not stone women to death who cheat like they do in some countries , throw gays of buildings , burn school books because they 're haram , or blow ourself up in an airport terminal , court hall or drive trucks into the crowds because our religion says so . 
  that is the extremes , but there are dozens of other reasons . 
  that is why we need to protect our interests , and that is why we need more of it now , as we 're increasingly under attack . 
  why we ca n't do this globally is because we would have to murder a billion or two people before we can do that . 
  also fvd gained 2 seats , no doubt all voters who would otherwise vote pvv . 
  the only butthurt i see here is from the balkans . 
  apparently some statistical facts can get them all worked up . 
  no wonder the place was a recent warzone with such hot-heads . 
  the data itself is not biased , but comparing 16-18 year olds in 2003 to 18-31 year old students in 2012 * is * . 
  self reported data is more accurate then measuring students at a single university . 
  the wikipedia data shows we 're the tallest . 
  it also shows 16-18 year olds are shorter than adults .
