  because they were elves once , taken by the dark powers , tortured and mutilated . 
  a ruined and terrible form of life . 
  there 's no obesity in the us , canadians are just malnourished . 
  it would be unrealistic to expect iraq ` sorted ' within such a short timeframe . 
  it improved , and in countries like these any improvement is worth celebrating . 
  i 'm sure it 's fantastic , the best wall . 
  is that yellow line a wall seen from space ? 
  pretty sure we can do [ this better ] ( https://media.huren.nl/product/4559-xl-bierfiets-verhuur.jpg ) . 
  no , the report was sanctioned by the human rights council . 
  the council at the time ( 2013-2016 ) was chaired by human rights advocates such as saudi arabia , russia , algeria and morocco . 
   in june 2013 , prior to un investigators arriving in syria , the un 's independent international commission of inquiry on the syrian arab republic said that there was reason to believe that `` limited quantities of toxic chemicals '' had been used in the khan al-assal attack , but that it was not then in a position `` to determine the precise chemical agents used , their delivery systems or the perpetrator '' . 
  [ 27 ]  on 5 march 2014 , the un human rights council published a report of the `` independent international commission of inquiry on the syrian arab republic '' ( dated 12 february ) that stated that the chemical agents used in the attack bore `` the same unique hallmarks as those used in al-ghouta '' in august 2013 . 
  this conclusion was presumably reached by comparing the chemical analyses of samples from khan-al-assal reported by the russian government with the analyses of samples from ghouta reported by opcw , but no details were given . 
  the un report also indicated , based on `` evidence available concerning the nature , quality and quantity of the agents used '' that the perpetrators of the al-ghouta attack `` likely had access to the chemical weapons stockpile of the syrian military '' . 
  in none of the incidents , however , was the commission 's `` evidentiary threshold '' met in regard to identifying the perpetrators of the chemical attacks . 
  [ 11 ] either way it does not subscribe to your version of events either . 
  that finland though . 
  i 'm sure you have a ton of sources , but none of them is the un . 
   to my knowledge the last ~ ~ un ~ ~ rt report i read on this matter blamed the `` rebels '' . 
  the country is much better off than it would 've been without intervention . 
  there 's no violent chaos the country has descended into , there was violent chaos the country has ascended out of in no small part due to the intervention . 
  i would if i could , but fortunately not nearly that many people died following the intervention . 
  not to mention the casualties are still less , and eventually will be a lot less , than what saddam killed , and would 've killed had nobody strung his neck in a noose . 
  slavery has never been abolished in libya , libyans are still deeply racist . 
  in fact the libyan word for black african , \u0639\u0628\u062f , literally means ` slave ' . 
  there 's a slightly less offensive libyan-arab word used in the cities for black africans , \u0648\u0635\u064a\u0641 , which means ` servant ' . 
  either way slavery is and has been common business in libya for centuries . 
  no , they would agree with it . 
  libya itself has very few refugees . 
  they 're just the point of departure for refugees from africa , which they were before the intervention as well , but back then ghadafi imprisoned , tortured and kicked them out . 
  the people who would disagree are world strangers from the west who have read too much rt and lost their own senses as a result . 
   i have never understood the persons who use it towards their grandparents . 
  you know your own family , do n't you ? 
   people did that 40 years ago , it was a matter of respect back then . 
  in a professional sphere people use ` u ' which is what i was trying to convey with the shop assistant helping a customer . 
  towards colleaugues i know i do not , to those i do n't know , i do . 
  for people on the street i do not though . 
  iraq and libya are both better of then they were pre-intervention . 
  syria would 've been too , but some people insist on letting a mass murdering mad men kill or evict every single unwanted element from this country is preferable than a transition to a better , less violent and deadly future . 
  un human rights council is not ` the un ' . 
  the un conducted its own investigation . 
  second , your unhealthy obsession with the us is showing . 
  libya is doing much , much better than syria . 
  yes , that 's what i 'm saying . 
  the un human rights report did not investigate either massacre , one massacre was investigated barely at all due to the reason i just mentioned , the other incident was investigated by other parties . 
  they concluded from the investigation of other parties that the incident bore the same hallmarks as another incident that was not thoroughly investigated . 
  although unlike you they did not claim the khan al-assal was done by the rebels , that was you quoting lavrov . 
   it [ germany ] is an export nation that lost 20bn trade volume with russia . 
  which values money over human lifes . 
  there 's proof who did it , unbiased sources just do n't flat out blame a side but only name the facts , not hollow phrases such as ` bore the same hallmark ' or other propaganda bullshit . 
   the british un ambassador stated that the report 's lead author , \u00c5ke sellstr\u00f6m , said the quality of the sarin used in the attack was higher than that used by iraq in the iran-iraq war , [ 118 ] implying a purity higher than the iraqi chemical weapons program 's low purity of 45 -- 60 % . 
  -----  the un report on the investigation into the ghouta chemical attacks was published on 16 september 2013 . 
  the report stated : `` the environmental , chemical and medical samples we have collected provide clear and convincing evidence that surface-to-surface rockets containing the nerve agent sarin were used in ein tarma , moadamiyah and zamalka in the ghouta area of damascus . 
  -----  the un inspection team returned to syria to continue investigations into other alleged chemical attacks in late september 2013 . 
  a final report on ghouta and six other alleged attacks ( including three alleged to have occurred after the ghouta attack ) was released in december 2013 . 
  [ 115 ] the inspectors wrote that they `` collected clear and convincing evidence that chemical weapons were used also against civilians , including children , on a relatively large scale in the ghouta area of damascus on 21 august 2013 . '', 
  the conclusion was based on :  impacted and exploded surface-to-surface rockets , capable to carry a chemical payload , were found to contain sarin ; close to the rocket impact sites , in the area where patients were affected , the environment was found to be contaminated by sarin ; the epidemiology of over fifty interviews given by survivors and health care workers provided ample corroboration of the medical and scientific results ; a number of patients/survivors were clearly diagnosed as intoxicated by an organophosphorous compound ; blood and urine samples from the same patients were found positive for sarin and sarin signatures . 
  [ 2 ] ( p19 ) --  which was used against assad 's forces . 
  except it was n't . 
  but it 's good that you 're showing your colors here . 
  the attack you mentioned was never thorougly investigated because by the time investigators got there the larger ghouta attack happened and all resources were diverted . 
  but russia said it was the rebels , you believe them on their words , because well , you 're a tool . 
  ` u ' is rather old fashioned , i 'm not your teacher or grandfather , and even those you call jij/je these days . 
  i know that in german it 's common to use the ` u ' because of a more pronounced hierarchy , but in the netherlands it 's rather cold , distant , and even rather awkward . 
  it befits a shop assistant helping a customer , but generally it 's quite out of fashion . 
  so ` dank je wel ' will do , or ` bedankt ' as a shorter alternative . 
  with regards to capital letters , i know in german capital letters are used for every noun , in dutch it is only the first letter of the sentence , and for names , even if they 're adjective ( unlike german ) . 
  well i mean it was a proof of concept , but if we were to take much of nrw and niedersachsen it would have to be on a much larger scale . 
  only 3700 germans were deported after wwii under ` operation black tulip . ', 
  i disagree , orban is a necessarily evil to keep matters somewhat balanced . 
  according to the czechs , balts , poles and romanians we can chase them out if they lose another war and create some lebensraum for ourselves instead . 
  my point is that you should 've gone bankrupt and not have recieved a dime , but instead we rendered the free market useless . 
  if you burn your ass you need to sit on the blisters as the old adagium goes . 
  now there 's no need for the irish state to learn how to be responsible either , because we 've taken away the lesson that was supposed to be learned and what makes free markets so succesful . 
  the interest rate of the bail-out provided to ireland by foreign tax payers was lower than what the failing irish state had to pay on the market , and the maturity period longer . 
  no it does not . 
  a bail-out is offering money to a failing government/business at below market interest because the failing government can no longer sustain it 's own finances on the market . 
  in other words , irelands ' situation a few years back . 
  which is no wonder if you read shit like this . 
  it would explain a lot if you start to think about whom you pay your rent and mortgage rate to . 
  rich people make money on less rich people giving most of their salary to them . 
  no , it is n't . 
  no it 's not , you could n't get anymore loans because you were bankrupt . 
  hence tax-payers from other countries needed to offer you a loan , called a bail-out . 
  that sounds like a moderate muslim . 
  he 's not driving a truck into a busy shopping street or blowing up metro stations and aircraft terminals . 
  end ? 
  no , the journey does n't end here . 
  markermeer is just another path , one that we all must take . 
  the grey rain-curtain of this world rolls back , and all turns to silver glass , and then you see it . 
  white shores , and beyond , a far green country under a swift sunrise called little england . 
  poseidon be damned , we can not give up as long as the house of orange is still drawing breath . 
  i could live with [ that ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/16/bakker_schut-plan.png ) . 
  the biggest mistake is already visible as the light blue spot in the markermeer . 
   it was a loan with very favourable interest rates for the lenders . 
  so a bail-out . 
  and now we know why we needed to bail-out ireland . 
  as / u/sh _ dy mentioned it 's the population , finland has 5 million people , spain 45 million . 
  also spain is a pretty developed economy , not as much as finland per capita , but not ` far worse ' either . 
  this is a country that went bankrupt and needed a bail-out from foreign taxpayers .
