  but i suppose you 're aware of that now . 
  go ahead , i 've explained it multiple times now . 
  you 're comparing 10 year older measurements of children from the whole population , to 10 year newer measurements of adults at a single university . 
  yes there 's someone butthurt , it 's you . 
  the fact that we 're the tallest men is widely known . 
  i already did , but i 'll expand on it for you seeing as you have n't taken much time reading through your own source ; * serbia 18-30 year old students at uns measures in 2012 ; 182cm * bosnia 19-32 year old students measured in 2014 ; 183cm * montenegro 18-37 year old students measured in 2011 ; 183cm these are all pretty unreliable numbers considering it 's not a representative population . 
  for the netherlands , the country with the tallest men on earth , there are several numbers , yet you choose the length of 16-18 year olds in 2003 . 
  they are shorter because they 're younger , they 're shorter because the numbers are 10 years older . 
  ( people keep getting taller ) it 's a pathetic comparison , one no doubt made on purpose . 
   no , i used fucking wikipedia , as generic as it gets . 
  the wikipedia page reports different sets of numbers , you picked the best and worse here and there to get the result you wanted . 
  measured 16-18 year olds compared to 18-31 , with a wide difference in reliability . 
  he 's just pushing an agenda with misleading and inconsistent numbers . 
  yes , different age groups from wikipedia . 
  you ca n't compare 16-18 year old to 18-31 . 
  you misrepresented the data , no doubt on purpose . 
  the dutch are the tallest . 
  he used the length of 16-18 year olds to skewer the data . 
  if that 's what it takes to save you and permit entry to gods kingdom . 
   i really seen no good and efficient way out of this without causing causilities if we are to maintain the idea that people have the freedom to do whatever they like there , meaning if they wat to have 5-6 kids - fine , freedom . 
  but somehow once they ca n't feed them , provide opportunities for them it 's our problem . 
  the only real sustainable solution is responsibility . 
  that requires birth control like they did in china , but also public works to combat pollution/destruction of natural resources , and make more efficient and sustainable use of them . 
  we 've been treating africa as our child for decades , it 's time for them to take hold of their own future and move into their own home as every child does at some point . 
  and for shits and giggles add friesland , which has the tallest men in the netherlands . 
  ( tallest of the tallest , that 's the destiny of those who are \u00fat de klaai wei lutsen . ), 
  he used all sorts of inconsistent numbers at random . 
  for example for the netherlands he used the height of males between 16 and 18 years old in 2003 , and for serbia between 18 and 31 in 2012 . 
  the average dutch male of 20-30 years old is 183,7 cm , making us indeed the tallest of all , and 30-34 is 182,7 cm . 
  numbers are wrong , it 's actually 184 , you picked the numbers of 16-18 years old which is indeed 181 , and for other countries 18-31 or other age brackets . 
  it 's a lousy comparison . 
  exactly , it 's a disaster for these people , but it will be an infinitely bigger disaster if we do n't put a stop to it now . 
  there 's just no easy way out . 
  does the new york pravda also still use titles that does n't include the word ` populism ' ? 
  they would n't , they 're simply not competitive due to the lack of inner infrastructure and worse location . 
  israel has less than half our population though . 
  the eu is more than just trade . 
  people would n't have problems with it if it was just trade . 
  rotterdam was a big port prior to the eu as well , and would be after as well . 
  and isle of man , liechtenstein and jersey while you 're at it . 
  aye that be my answer , it 's not worth wasting a word more on . 
   if it were 1930 , you also tended to have one-wage-earner households , that was common in the 1960s and 1970s in europe too . 
  our parents use to make fun of americans needing both partners to work , now we 're in the same boat . 
   in the past , the wealthy might have used nannies . 
  but you ca n't do that and have an egalitarian society . 
  human labor has to be too expensive , or put another way , just not enough people to do that . 
  ironically you get subsidies for daycare here , but what the point is of forcing both partners to work and then give them money to bring the child to daycare has always been beyond me . 
  -3 , not bad . 
  most people are pro-d66 on here indeed . 
  i find it an appaling party to be honest , pechtold always gives me the chills with his finger and his boasting of all the experience he got . 
  the guy is a narcissist , but many of their voters are too probably . 
  in the netherlands there was even a voting station in a mosque where they put up turkish flags and denk posters . 
  it had to be removed . 
  ( campaigning is not allowed in the voting station ), 
   it is n't like denial doesnt happen in the other countries too there 's no denial . 
  we went through that years ago , we 're not like you people . 
  great way to run a ` representative ' organ . 
  shall we also change the name into supreme soviet instead of ep ? 
  a vote to leave the uk is still a vote to leave the eu . 
  scotland could n't remain in the eu , they would have to apply , and will therefor have to adopt the euro and schengen , and probably also wait a long time . 
  ( the eu is n't keen on expanding now , and some members have their issues with scottish independence ), 
  plenty of parties have good members from a moroccan or turkish background in the netherlands , difference is they were n't hired because their name was ` ozturk ' but due to their merit . 
   so you do not think they crossed the line a bit too far ? 
  these cities respond harse because they face riots quite often with football clubs . 
   and what is `` there 's more people living in this country . '', 
  supposed to mean ? 
  is this your approach to minorities ? 
  that they were protesting in the middle of the city , breaking shop windows , destroying the streets , signs , cars . 
  people live , sleep and work there . 
  you ca n't just let a violent crowd run rampant through a city square . 
  i do n't know nor really care what they do in poland . 
  the police condoned the protest eventhough it was illegal , until the crowd turned violent , then they cleared it . 
  there 's more people living in this country . 
  that 's just a different mentality between you and them . 
  i prefer theirs over yours , and would call that sane indeed , decent and empathetic perhaps more accurately as opposed to rude and egocentric . 
  of course it 's not the time . 
  they just had one , and they knew very well there was a brexit referendum upcoming with a potential brexit . 
  i thought they were speaking danish , had to crank up the volume . 
  sure , that 's probably the best way to utilize conscription anyway . 
  offer people a choice what they want to do . 
   so ... the pictures of rotterdam police using dogs ( that were biting the protesters ) that were on twitter that night , are all propaganda ? 
   oh no they were real . 
   or is it ok to use the police force like that ? 
  yes . 
  police is use to riots there with football hooligans , play stupid games , win stupid prices . 
   how ~ ~ even ~ ~ progressive anglo-saxon media seems completely lost . 
  the ` even ' seems unneccessary , they have never been anything but lost . 
  i do n't see anything being fasttracked , just talk . 
  the major european countries can make a defense union of course if we go for the multispeed europe . 
  as long as we 're not part of it , not to mention it would be impossible anyway due to our constitution luckily . 
  labour did n't want to integrate them , they only wanted their name . 
  it 's been a traditional labour policy to acquire immigrant votes . 
  that 's a joint cooperation with germany , like we have with belgium and the uk . 
  shameful , but necessary for the moment . 
  it has nothing to do with the eu . 
  he 's from limburg . 
  just open a dumpster in serbia , should be a couple in it . 
  they were put on the labour list because of their name ( kuzu and ozturk ) , despite everybody warning them not to due to their ties to the grey wolves and akp . 
  so they did n't do anything in labour , which led to conflict , one of their co-party members noted the only work they had done was sending a letter to the bulgarian ambassador that turks have to wait too long at the bulgarian border . 
  at one point they got in a fight , kuzu yelled at a labour partymember ' i hope that allah punishes you ! ',
