  in 1940 the maternity ward of the ottowa civic hospital in ontario was declared extraterritorial by the canadian government so that the child born there of queen juliana would be dutch , and not canadian . 
  ( if it was a male , it could not inherit the throne otherwise ), 
  i 'm sure you could ` see that ' , germans have a long tradition of seeing lands supposedly belonging to them , but no thanks . 
  jea no , i thought we settled this in 1813 . 
  those 18 years were long enough with you lot . 
  because you should n't count at all when we discuss our business . 
  you guys have yours , we have ours . 
  the silver is too . 
  regards , piet hein . 
  probably . 
  sure , it will have consequences . 
  since when does belgium have submarines ? 
  2 ex-dutch frigates i know of , but did n't realize the belgian navy had anymore toys . 
  everything and a piece of nagasaki , japan . 
  give them a couple of m2 of land in europe like canada did to the netherlands . 
  also cyprus is a member , despite being in asia . 
  so there 's a precedent . 
   let just give here spoiler alert - our governments will always veto it , or they can forget about re-election . 
  and you need unanimity . 
  and you think its about money , but you 'd be wrong . 
  austria does n't need your consent if they decide to reimpose borders . 
  it would have to suspend treaties or worse , but if they want to they can do so . 
  the ss were n't conscripted but volunteers . 
  fanatic volunteers were given these jobs to avoid it affecting morale among the main forces . 
  conscriptees commited crimes against humanity just the same , out of spite mostly for their lost comrades or as a result to terrorism , but not on a systematic scale as the einsatzgruppen and ss-totenkopfverb\u00e4nde . 
  they 're not to be excused , they signed up for what they did because they believed it was right . 
  they can be aggressive when they have youngs , best to give them room then . 
  they 're used a lot in dutch national parks too . 
  ( we call them ` schotse hooglander ' - scottish highlander ) [ here 's ] ( http://gerardvandernet.nl/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/schotse-hooglander-veluwe-8025.jpg ) one on the veluwe for example , or [ on vlieland ] ( http://www.bistedokter.nl/wp-content/uploads/hpim1213.jpg ) . 
   so it 's obviously referring only to continental european elevations . 
  not only european elevations , it includes ararat too which is asian . 
  the map is n't about the highest point in the continent . 
  that would be in russia . 
  same country . 
   i do n't understand - all hills/mountains are measured referenced to sea level . 
   that 's why i tried to explain it to you . 
  the hill you see is n't 440m high from the position it is observed , and therefor shows no perspective at all . 
   wikipedia disagrees . 
  `` the vaalserberg is a hill with a height of 322.7 metres ( 1,059 ft ) above nap and the highest point in mainland netherlands . '', 
  i do n't care if your cat disagrees , the highest mountain in the netherlands is mount scenery at 887m since 2007 . 
  440m above sea level , not 440m from the level the photo is taken . 
  it 's also incorrect , the highest point in the netherlands is 887m . 
  it 's a pretty [ one ] ( http://www.carriageway.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/castillo-de-san-marcos-fort.jpg ) . 
  quite old too for the america 's . 
   ( op note - despite earlier announcements it , in fact , did have no images because the radar which covered that area was that day out of order or something like that ) . 
  that was ukraine , not russia . 
  ukraine did n't have a radar on that day ( supposedly all were off due to maintenance at the same time ) russia did have radar data but it had been tinkered with , now it was supposed to provide raw radar data ( which should rule out fraud ) . 
   if by bigger impact you mean mountains shortened down by the constant bombardment , yes . 
   mostly all the trenches that are still clearly in the landscape . 
  obviously the trenches themselves ( the wooden sides ) have disappeard , but their long v-shaped trenches in the landscape , and the flat-stone walls still remain . 
  they can be seen for miles on end , whole networks of them . 
  having been neutral in ww1 , the only things we find from ww1 are sea mines and u-boat wrecks . 
  occasionally though , canon balls can be found in the netherlands dating back to as far as the 16th century in the war against spain . 
  i 've also visited these ww1 trenches in/around italy ( mostly in the trieste area ) , ww1 certainly had a bigger visual impact on the italian landscape . 
  they are quite nice for strolling . 
  bullets and bomb shrapnel ? 
  at least you do n't find a 1000kg v1 warhead in your acres . 
  for americans . 
  kind of his point . 
  the netherlands was n't conquered by napoleon . 
  the old republic collapsed after an era of sustained economic downfall , the dutch population revolted and started a new republic with the help of french forces . 
  it was a popular uprising that gave the netherlands to napoleon . 
  he knew people who died of hasj and weed , now he knows people who lost their job because of a reciept . 
  curious , when do we know wether the bill is passed ? 
  it is not obvious without any further explanation from him/her . 
  perhaps he/she wanted him to go back home because he/she does n't feel like being a breathing charity to the worlds ' poor and unwanted , whereever these are from . 
  as his/her reasons could be based on a variety of arguments , be it economics , overpopulation , ideology , rule of law , or whatever , it is not racist . 
   well , `` refugees are doctors and engineers '' is simply the truth , some of them are . 
  saying `` all refugees '' would be a lie . 
   just like saying there was no western intervention in maidan is a lie . 
  this was however never specified by anyone , fake news took the cart on both . 
  but in the end one can not fool all people as long as information is free . 
   or maybe reality is far more complex than you realize , and some policing is a necessity , whereas too much ( or dishonest ) policing is oppression . 
  but i see you 're not a person who likes petty details . 
  it is much more complex than your ;  `` ahh `` people 's judgement '' and unchecked manipulative press , all i see coming out of that is witch hunts and poor decisions . '', 
  quite rich for such a simple minded person to talk about ` petty details ' . 
  brexit means carrying knifes , we both know that . 
  africa is a diverse continent , just like europe . 
  there are quite good countries when it comes to freedom and democracy in africa , and there are quite bad ones in europe . 
  what you consider attacking is not actually attacking to someone else . 
  there 's intend and there 's experience . 
  what you experience as attacks is not intended as attack , that you experience it as an attack is unfortunate but people ca n't satisfy all feelings all the time when they fullfill public functions . 
  least we can expect is that people grow some skin and not be offended all day long by every whistle in their general direction . 
   soooo if someone attacks the representatives , nobody cares , but fuck my rugs or my paintings , or spill wine on my couch , and then we have a problem ? 
  if the building is the main concern ...  not just the inventory , there 's rooms and gatherings and documents and systems that are sensitive and not open to public in such a building . 
  the buildings are also susceptible to political protest or whatever . 
  that 's why it needs security . 
  it does not need security because emile roemer works there . 
  that 's not racist indeed . 
  if he said ` you 're black , go back home ' that would be racist . 
  it 's rude and inappropriate , but not racist . 
  he did n't compare refugees to convicted criminals , he compared the security policy around both . 
  sure , but that is n't an answer . 
  you would deny someone entry for security reasons if security can not be guaranteed right ? 
  i understand a refugee camp ca n't allow anyone to just visit , but not allowing a politician or even media is a whole different matter altogether . 
  politicians are supposed to vote on policy , propose policy and make policy that affects/runs these camps . 
  to do so they must be able to see what really happens in there right ? 
  they ca n't base everything off of reports someone writes . 
  you still have not answered my question , i shall restate it for clarity sake ;  why would you deny entry for security reasons ? 
  they 're not protected , the building is .
