   instead to make an economic trade decision about ukraine . 
  the referendum was never about an economic trade decision . 
  the netherlands does n't have a say over trade , it is an exclusive eu competence which was provisionally applied prior to the referendum . 
  the referendum was only ever about the political side of the treaty . 
   i do n't want a picture to develop that the whole netherlands hates ukraine . 
  you do n't need to hate ukraine to be against a treaty with it . 
  most people do n't hate ukraine , wether they voted no , yes or not at all . 
   lol , right because that money is n't at all invested back into their economy indeed , it 's wasted on holiday homes of the president , roads nobody uses , and renovation of rural government buildings . 
  such economics work so great , just ask spain , they can tell you all about it . 
   do n't yuu think it 's worth it to improve stability in the region , access to the market , free circulation of persons and goods , etc ? 
  it does not improve stability in the region , that is provided by nato ( us ) , free circulation of persons is bad , access to the market and free circulation of goods can be done in much fairer and better ways . 
  so no i do n't think it 's worth it . 
  in 2014 gross 13,4 billion euro [ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budget_of_the_european_union ) , net is a bit higher but more difficult to measure as well . 
  ( reduced income taxation , reduced purchasing power , increased unemployment etc. ), 
  mostly due to posted workers . 
  there are enough ` politically stable ' and ` economically succesful ' trading partners in the world that do n't need an annual bribe . 
  if economics is your reason we would be looking at a comprehensive deal with china , india or brazil , not poland , romania or ukraine . 
  yes , [ there ] ( http://www.trouw.nl/tr/nl/39682/nbsp/article/detail/4417461/2016/11/18/tegenstem-bij-referendum-was-niet-anti-eu.dhtml ) you go . 
  only 7,5 % voted ` no ' as a protest against the eu , the majority voted ` no ' due to corruption in ukraine ( 34,1 % ) and fear that ukraine will become eu member ( 16,6 % ) . 
   the association agreement and ultimately a membership can bring tremendeous change in this regard yes , massive budgetary holes being one of them . 
  look at what a country like poland costs us , we have enough of those in the eu and no need for more . 
  let them attract some developed states for once which have something to offer instead of take if the eu is so great . 
   but how can you be against an association process that is aimed to lift ukraine on an eu level ? 
  because ` lifting ukraine ' has negative side effects ( costs money , even more immigration ) while it is unlikely to yield any significant gains . 
  ca n't really betray someone you do n't owe nor promised anything . 
  then you should 've phrased it as such . 
   children 's homes are n't really good you say ? 
  well , then it 's time for the state to start better funding . 
  i do n't think any childrens home will ever be as good as a normal family upbringing . 
  that 's not a money/funding issue , but a concept issue . 
  women should never be forced to complete pregnancy because ` they can offer them for adoption ' . 
  adoption is a patch measure , not a desired outcome . 
  women should decide wether they do an abortion or not , while at the same time responsibility should be taken to avoid an unwanted pregnancy . 
   was that act undemocratic ? 
  not necessarily , but that act was not ` elected ' as you said , but appointed . 
   a head of state appointing a pm is exactly how theresa may was named prime minister . 
  in other words , theresa may is not elected . 
  no , hitler was appointed reichskanzler by president hindenburg with the assurances of franz von papen . 
  it is n't , in fact it is ` underblown ' , it 's not merely related to erdogan either , they did n't recognize borders before erdogan either . 
   and were to you take this violation of airspace from ? 
  turkey violated greek airspace 2000 times in one year . 
  ( 2014 ) that 's on average nearly 5 times per day . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/niallmccarthy/2015/11/26/turkish-jets-violated-greek-airspace-over-2000-times-last-year-infographic/#7f40a7f675c3 )  both countries are nato members . 
  that does n't matter . 
   there is no threat from turkey . 
  there 's a quite substantial threat from turkey to the greek state . 
   i 'm not saying that turkey is a good neighbor , but people tend to overreact sometimes . 
   they do , but not in the case of greece . 
  there are very real threats to greece that require a credible deterrent to avoid collision , or in the worst case resist it . 
   but greek dictators of the time take the blame too for trying to install a dictatorship and completely fucking up the island . 
  greek dictators are beneath 3 feet of ground , meanwhile the turkish army has become part of the furniture in cyprus . 
   i have no explanation to the other things you pointed out . . erdogan is ridiculous but both greece and turkey are in nato so there 's no fear for something unpleasant happening . 
  there 's every credible fear of something unpleasant happening , turkey invaded a greek island and shot down a greek helicopter killing 3 barely 20 years ago despite both being in nato . 
  the odds of it ever coming to a confrontation again are quite considerable . 
  greece is one of the few countries that actually should spend a lot on the military . 
  not if your expenses are needed to have an income . 
  then you need to weather periods of stalling/falling income without having to cut in your expenses . 
  ( and thus further reducing your income ), 
  what ? 
  that turkey militarily occupies nearly half cyprus and does n't recognize greek borders , even claims greek islands , and violates maritime and airspace borders on a daily bases ? 
  when a dozen people react in the same way it 's getting tiring . 
  sorry for taking that out on you , your reply was the only one decent enough to warrant a response . 
  that 's because i 'm not a russia fan . 
  that said , salary of specialists is considerably lower in russia than in europe . 
  communism still left its mark on wage disparity , in a system which already has considerably lower wages across the line . 
   the galileo project means that we are not dependent exactly , so independent . 
  the argument was never about space programs , but about human colonies . 
  little bit more effort next time you comment . 
  it was about moving human civilization to other planets , not space programs all together . 
  it would above all be smart for you to take a class of statistics for dummies . 
  or you can just accept you do not have an argument left . 
  funding is bigger recently , but they are n't piling up euro biljets to get into space . 
  you mean it was just catapulted out of a space-time hole at warp speed ? 
   asteroids large enough to do serious damage can be spotted years , decades , could even be centuries before impact . 
  their collision course can be calculated and observed . 
  change the asteroids trajectory . 
  and would still be the same bad comparison . 
  if that 's so , esa would have no reason to exist . 
  we would be contributing to nasa instead , not wasting money on things like galileo . 
  true , but it probably will for a very , very long time to come . 
  it 's unlikely humanity will still be around by the time it 's destroyed . 
   i just think space colonisation is cool okay ? 
  it is cool , no argument there . 
  you did n't require any riling up , you were way up there for some reason with your first reply already . 
  unfortunately you could n't contribute any valuable point to the discussion . 
   now , if you want to get in this kind of stupid comparison : the russian house of your russian scientist might cost a thousand times less than the french scientist one . 
  and so on for the food , fuel , every kind of cost of living or taxes ...  so you agree comparing exchange rates 1:1 is ridiculous . 
  you just have an odd way of saying it . 
  it 's just a hypothetical comparison kid , calm down . 
   why are the two mutually exclusive ? 
  because apparently without it we have no future according to you . 
   but unless we can get to a complete closed cycle energy and resources wise we 're going to have to keep moving at some point . 
  why would you move people into space to get resources ? 
  much more efficient to send machines . 
  uh , yes . 
  russia is the successor state of the ussr . 
  or is that only when it comes to crimes in your opinion ? 
  a russian scientists might earn 2000 euro per month , while a french one might earn 6000 euro per month . 
  meaning the russians can do 3x as much with the same money . 
  these kind of comparisons are pretty useless , the russians can do and have done much more than france in space exploration .
