  what if we get sanctions ? 
  well , since 2005 , 18 % of all fdi inflow to turkey comes from the netherlands . 
  so then they might get serious problems with financing their already stagnant economy . 
   on a serious note , why the hell did turkey decide to pick a fight with the netherlands of all places ? 
  and why now ? 
  because it was either us or germany . 
  they thought we were the easier prey . 
  turns out they were wrong . 
  and they ; ll find out soon enough that the only people that will suffer from escalating this conflict is the turks . 
  but the ball is in their court . 
  it gets better , erdogan called non-akp turks ` half bloods ' a while ago . 
  he also proposed german turks of the german parliament should have a bloodtest to confirm they 're not real turks . 
  it was only a matter of time before this would happen . 
  it 's not the first troll account on the matter , it seems like erdogan bought more from russia than an airdefense system . 
  it means 86 % of the people who intend to vote pvv support the governments ' actions . 
  it shows how much support the government has from several voting blocks , the parties themselves are n't relevant in this equation . 
  turks wanted to rile things up here , dutch government offered possibilities for a campaign in 2 areas but not at the consulate . 
  while negotiating turkey threatened with sanctions , netherlands ceased negotiations and added this is an unaccpetible code of conduct in diplomacy . 
  turkey decided to go ahead anyway , netherlands revoked landing rights from turkish governments plane . 
  turkish minister of family affairs who was residing in germany drove by car to the netherlands with armed guards in two convoys , one a decoy , and the second with the minister . 
  decoy convoy was arrested , and all journalists/turkish ministry personnel were deported to germany . 
  turkish minister managed to make it to the consulate , but police denied her access to the consulate ( she would be intouchable in there ) situation got tense as her armed guards formed a line around her , anti terrorist units and service special assistance ( military branche of the police ) took over the situation , arrested 5 of her guards , the minister locked herself up in her armoured german car . 
  police brought a tow car and attached her car , and was about to pull the car including her over the german border . 
  she stepped out just before the tow car could drive , was arrested , and deported to germany under the guidance of anti terrorist vans and helicopters . 
  after the minister was booted out , riot police , dog brigades , watercannons , armoured vans and police on horseback dispersed the crowd . 
  now turkey angry . 
  what do you mean ? 
  damn , that 's some massive support right there . 
  mayo should be added to everything , except bitterballen . 
  bitterballen require mustard . 
  okay , good luck . 
  next up ; ` turks victims of fascist international organizations , calls international organizations a nazi remnant ' . 
  yes . 
  you enter the room , introduce or greet every present person , a handshake for the males , three kisses for the females , then you all sit in a circle . 
  first you have coffee with oranjekoek [ 1 ] ( http://payload48.cargocollective.com/1/6/203897/3278412/oranjekoek%20de%20groot%20web_1200.jpg ) , then a refreshing beverage with slices of cheese , sausage and cucumber , then you have a beer with bitterballen [ 2 ] ( http://www.holland.com/upload_mm/2/0/a/29580_fullimage_bitterbal-2_560x350.jpg ) en frikandellen [ 3 ] ( http://www.hokadenhaag.nl/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/frikandel.jpg ) . 
  you end the meeting by saying goodbye to everyone , ` was gezellig !, 
   chrush all philips products  you want a diplomatic conflict with china now too ? 
  i 'm more concerned with the fact that an orange is a healthy food to consume than it 's supposed relation to our monarchy . 
  if they all ate a bit more kebab they might be going out the pipe a bit sooner . 
  a kind and powerful gesture from our north-sea , wind mill building biking bros , all the more valuable coming from a small country when the supposedly big countries are neutral and happy to accomodate turkish ministers at the moment . 
  ( france/germany ), 
  yes , de speld is like the dutch version of the onion . 
   i can see where you 're coming from but it does just make the other parties look even more populist that they 're adopting what were previously labelled `` far right '' views . 
   that 's exactly the reason why people vote for geert wilders . 
  just because wilders is a populist does n't mean anything he says is ` populist ' . 
  it 's ridiculous to think you should do the exact opposit of what wilders says in order not to be populist . 
  besides ` doing what the people want ' is n't inherently an evil thing . 
  sure sometimes what the people want is n't the best thing and it 's the responsibility of the representatives to weigh things off , but that does n't mean representatives should do everything the people * do not * want and * never do * what the people want . 
   on another note , would it be worth visiting amsterdam on easter weekend or would everything be closed like in ireland ? 
  easter weekend can be fun , there 's markets and that sort of thing . 
  you can find more information on the website of amsterdam . 
  nothing better than a birthday by the rules , have fun !, 
  and congratulations to your brother . 
  turkish minister still trying to reach the netherlands from lesbos boat probably restrained by turkish navy march 12 , 2017 by stephan ter borg and rudolf julius the turkish minister for family affairs will continue to attempt to enter the netherlands . 
  kaya minister paid a people smuggler to transport her in a rubber boat to the greek island of lesbos . 
  `` once i 'm in greece , i can go to germany via the balkans , '' says kaya . 
  `` then i 'll take the car . '', 
  the question is whether kaya manages to come through this route in the netherlands . 
  it 's probable her boat will be stopped by the turkish navy . 
  really ? 
  no bitterballen ? 
  you can wait for that apology until you weigh an ounce . 
  people do n't vote for geert wilders because he 's right , but because the others ignore he 's right . 
  the authorities did what the people wanted , which means the pvv wo n't be getting votes from this . 
  i heard people saying 20 % of the awards given by israel to people who saved jews were dutch . 
  provided there were only 110.000 jews in the netherlands , that 's quite a lot . 
  provided he listens to the result , and not come up with a reason to say the referendum is invalid and it will be adopted anyway . 
  erdogan is a mad man , all bets are off on him . 
  unfortunately he was wise enough to castrate the turkish army before going really mad . 
  we do n't need nato protection . 
  which is not to say we do n't need nato , but for security reasons beyond our own borders . 
  we 've recently had a diplomatic spat with the russians as well . 
  ended up with the russian authorities beating up our diplomat at his home in moscow . 
  it 's a ddos attack , not a security breach . 
  the armed guards of the turkish minister can legally be considered a show of force , or so i 've heard . 
  it 's absolutely hilarious though , the minister decided to lock herself up in a german armoured mercedes , police then decided they would pull the car with her in it to germany , but when the towing car was raising her car she stepped out anyway . 
  so he 'll drive to the netherlands now as well ? 
  or are they done playing games ? 
  they 're . 
  they say they want to deescalate , but they also say they 're ready to go very far if sanctions are on the table . 
  turkey demands an apology , but that has been ruled out . 
  there will not be an apology , our pm said it 's crazy to even ask for one . 
  more [ juicy imagery ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_aavzkdlwsm ) , dog eats trousers at 1:05 . 
  if they wanted to help each other they could 've stopped her before driving here . 
  they were driving in german cars , which had to towed over the border by the police . 
  the germans were doing nothing to aid the situation . 
   she had bodyguards in a secured vehicle and resisted the police 's orders in order to escalate the conflict . 
  that 's why the anti-terrorist units and special assistance units took over from police . 
  time for annual parliamentary elections instead of 4 years . 
  she came from germany as she was staying there , what the germans do is up to them , as long as she 's out of this country . 
  there 's no european solidarity , the eu even declined to comment due to the migrant deal according to a dutch journalist . 
  this is much like mh17 , when shit hits the fan europe is silent as a mouse . 
  too little to demand freedom ^ ( c ) . 
  he will either get a permission from the local authorities to have armed guards , or he 'll get armed guards from the ministry . 
  kaya had neither . 
  there 's a whole continent between us , there wo n't be a battlefield . 
  if we would be greece things would be a lot more tense . 
  right now the only concern authorities have is our own embassy/consular personnel . 
  because she came from germany . 
  on the contrary , the authorities responded swiftly and adequately , geert wilders is publicly embarassed by the events .
