   wow , i would vote for them . 
  the fvd people are particularly interesting in my opinion . 
  jea he 's ( thierry baudet ) a very interesting participant , i 'm thinking of voting for him actually . 
  if ever there was a candidate to fill the hole of our fortuyn ... 
  some of his standpoints include public sollicitations for public functions ( transparency ) , introduction of a binding referendum , directly elected prime minister , referendum on the euro and schengen , mandatory referendum for every transfer of sovereignty , simplification of tax codes , 2 % defense spending etc. 
   i agree with you that the dutch public are not really going to want the amount they send to the eu to go up . 
  i just wonder what your government is going to say and whether they will listen up or listen down . 
  the government will say yes if they can get away with it . 
  but it 's likely the parliament will be more ` eurosceptic ' after the march elections , both left-wing and right-wing euroscepticism is growing . 
  not just the pvv anymore on the right , vnl and fvd ( the person behind the ukraine treaty referedum ) are making their debute and may be able to attract voters that find geert wilders too extreme ( such as me to be honest ) they 're classical liberalist parties ( small state , independence , 2 % nato target spending , free trade with the world etc. ), 
  and although they 're polling at only 1 seat each at the moment ( at least at de hond ) the pvv is polling at 33 seats and has the tendency to break-up pre-election , they may be catching these voters this time instead of the vvd . 
  biggest grower in the polls is the 50plus party , they want a complete halt ( ` pas op de plaats ' ) to further european integration , and support a smaller eurozone . 
  they 're polling at 10 seats at the moment , about the same as labour . 
  [ the source ] ( http://www.telegraaf.nl/binnenland/27478264/__peiling_de_hond_muurvast__.html ) by the way for the poll . 
  and they think the migrant crisis is a threat to the stability of the eu . 
  try doing that and the odds are that there 's another exit upcoming . 
  i 'm glad to hear that . 
   to clarify your point , your interest is free trade in as big a market as posibile . 
  not necessarily , i consider myself a classical liberalist , but not an ideological one . 
  free trade is not desirable when it hurts employers rights , living conditions , environment , animal welfare or wages at home * or * abroad . 
  but this should not be an issue with the british , i do n't believe they 'll lock children up in garment factories fed by 40 year old brown-coal plants . 
  yes , but the integrity of the single market does n't have to suffer from a british deal . 
  the british will most likely not be part of the single market , but tariff free trade will not be a danger to the integrity of the single market . 
  it 's basically the same conditions the turks and canadians and americans trade with us , and they have n't been a threat to this integrity . 
  this is after all what the british seem to want , a global britain , they want to trade with us on the same terms they want to trade with others . 
  1969 , you can read the [ full story ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cherbourg_project ) there if you 're interested . 
  it was quite a mission . 
   although our future king would be 78 by that point . 
  the longest ruling british monarch followed by the shortest ruling british monarch . 
  yes , he proposed a temporary return to the drachma to get their business in order . 
  let 's be realistic , i doubt the queen is still above ground in 10 years . 
   right , but the eu is going to be gunning for increased contributions to make up the shortfall rather than looking to revise the budget . 
  i ca n't see them ever settling for a budget reduction . 
   sure they 're going to try to get more funding , that 's only natural . 
  they 're just not getting it . 
   a dutch rebate is probably a good idea though , looking at net by population , the netherlands and luxembourg pay the most by far . 
  the trouble is , the eu is notoriously bad at reform if it does n't involve more money or integration . 
  blair , for example , chucked away most of the british rebate for cap reform , and nothing happened . 
  jea our position is outrageous , we 're paying way too much . 
  we 've been tightening our belts for years now to reduce deficit and debt , the eu should be given the same treatment as the rest of the people . 
  we 've become poorer , so you 'll have to make due with less . 
  we did that to the students , we did that to the elderly , we did it to the blue collars and to the middle class , the eurocrats should n't be an exception . 
   i think there 's plenty of solidarity in europe , so long as you 're not too loud when going against mainstream opinion . 
  the trouble is that there is n't enough communication or understanding of other countries , and an unwillingness to understand . 
  taking the big two examples , british leavers are called racists/xenophobes for concern over immigration ; whilst greeks get their economy pounded because of their old leadership and german heavy-handedness ( the latter especially galling since germany 's history is based on forcing other countries to pay debts , whilst having its own forgiven ) . 
  i only see solidarity going one way in europe , from west to east and from north to south . 
  unfortunately we 're in the north-west . 
  i did n't say luxemburg does n't contribute anything . 
  just not what it is supposed to . 
  nato is a defense cooperation based on solidarity , what is it worth exactly without solidarity ? 
  if members promise to spend 2 % but spend 0,4 % , what happens to members who promise to come to others their aid ? 
  will they aid for 20 % ? 
  send 1/5th of their army ? 
  i 'm not saying countries * must * spend 2 % , not at all . 
  i get it some countries are in a safe position , some are just very small and struggle to see their own benefit . 
  but these countries should not be part of nato , perhaps instead part of some ad-hoc military cooperation with the eu that does n't demand spending targets . 
  that 's * your * interest , not mine , nor all eu'ians . 
  that 's why i said these ` interests ' are rather diverse . 
  because iraq in '03 is n't comparable . 
  libya * is * a mess , iraq , while being a repressive war mongering dictatorship at the time , was a mess after the invasion . 
  because of brexit the eu is going to have to cut spending anyway , which is a good opportunity to revise our contributions and get a rebate . 
  i think in this new europe of no-solidarity this is called for . 
   expecting luxembourg to buy transport planes for the rest of ~ ~ eu ~ ~ nato is somewhat ... unrealistic the least i 'd say . . perhaps , but maybe they should leave nato then together with all others who do n't adhere to their promises starting from the bottom up . 
  would you call that a compromise ? 
  if we reduce our net contributions to the eu and become a balanced member we can increase from 1,2 % to 1,63 % in a year . 
  seems like a good start . 
  if we reduce our foreign aid budget by excluding all countries who do n't accept migrants back we 're getting ever closer . 
   what the hell should they buy with 2 % transport planes . 
  europe has a severe lack of logistical capacity , they can easily run a bunch of strategic transporters . 
   the problem it that it is a little late for that to happen . 
  the power structures have changed a lot even this year , even if you want to start a democracy you need to chose who should remain in power ? 
   before you can start a democracy you first need a foundation , a constitution made by the eu/un together with all tribes and groups in libya . 
   do you really think they would get an un mandate without a strong russian influence and backing of their side ? 
  russia will have influence , cooperation is needed . 
   do the libyans see it in the same way as you ? 
  or is it just another foreign intervention , at worst a new syria . 
  they will if we do it right . 
  full disarmement of all warring groups will be first priority . 
   do you think there is support for this in europe , just remember how badly the iraq war is viewed . 
  this would also be a war for a few countries to execute with huge amount of deaths . 
  we can learn from the iraq war . 
  advantage is that iraq is 6 times as large as libya in terms of population and further away . 
   do you think there is support for this in europe , just remember how badly the iraq war is viewed . 
  this would also be a war for a few countries to execute with huge amount of deaths . 
  yes there will be support . 
  there will not be huge amounts of deaths . 
  there 's no standing army in libya , some soldiers will die of ied 's and minor skirmishes , but it 's not going to be massive . 
  of course we 'll do everything to limit casualties on both sides . 
   assuming the military intervention would be kind of successful , but radical islam get in power in the following election . 
  what now ? 
  the newly formed constitution by all groups involved will prevent radical islamic parties to do what radical islamic parties do . 
  democracy wo n't be a first step anyway , a first step would be an assembly of representatives of all groups picked by the coalition . 
  then you compromise with russia . 
  include them in the process . 
  other countries already included pensions . 
  it does n't really matter , because nato has their own accounting standards for comparing budgets , and they 're universal . 
  different accounting . 
  the nato one should be given priority because it can be compared to the others . 
   martin schulz is fervently pro-eu and has pledged that brussels will ` defend the interests of its citizens ' that 's rather diverse . 
  our interest is a good deal with the british that will see commerce flourish on both sides of the channel , wether that is a hard - or soft brexit .
