  no you did n't , you quoted a law , but did n't show anything that would make the wivd law ` illegal ' . 
  quote me the sections of the law and the sections that would render them illegal . 
  either you are in fact dense , or you are just bullshitting around . 
  but if you 're making bold claims , you better be ready to back them up or be called out on your bullshit . 
  good thing that turkey does n't have a lot of islands then . 
  that is not a question you should concern yourself with , you said the passed legislation was illegal but you can not back it up , now let us see it . 
  can confirm , mild north-western wind with a power of 4 on beaufort nearly blew the eu over this morning . 
  obviously the greeks put that island there to provoke the turks . 
  almere is often times considered to be the ugliest city in the netherlands . 
  the only reason you want to be in almere is if you ca n't afford or find a home in amsterdam but want to be close to amsterdam anyway . 
  that 's the general function of almere , people work in amsterdam , but amsterdam has no homes . 
  so there is almere . 
  there 's nothing there that is relevant to the law , in fact this document predates the proposed law . 
  no mention of the particular law nor ruling , shall i assume there was no ruling and you 're just parotting the dailymail or something ? 
  of course i wo n't get forget the causes , if it is n't comparable it is n't comparable . 
  you could at least have used argentina as a more suitable comparison . 
  but no case would be identical . 
  source ? 
  since international law takes precedence over national as per the dutch constitution i think some things do n't add up here . 
  so greece became the ally of russia , the eu bombarded athens and stole the greek fleet , greece went on a large rearmement campaign to combat the eu and greece went bankrupt ? 
  how am i supposed to interpret this terrible comparison ? 
  i assume a military invasion of the capital 200 years ago is comparable to the modern greek state of affairs ? 
  sweden runs a constant trade deficit . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/swe/ )  the u.k. is a bit of a special case . 
  of course , they do n't have the euro . 
  otherwise they would be greece with a windy , cloudy and wet north sea climate . 
  they would n't pay any interest for a period , and would n't be able to acquire new debts until they do . 
  if they 're illegal they would n't be implemented . 
  so i doubt they are . 
   they have an export industry that is based on olives and feta cheese . 
  compared to countries of similar size , their export volume is laughable , plus they run a significant trade deficit . 
  this is n't sustainable . 
  and refined petroleum , metals , chemicals , machines , clothing , ships , vegetables and fruit . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/grc/ ) no need to be condescending . 
   yup , but constantly running a deficit will cause you problems in the long term if you do n't happen to be the us . 
  it does n't if you are n't part of the eurozone . 
  ask sweden , the uk is even worse , and is the best performing economy in europe . 
  can confirm , secret maneuvers ongoing at alland , we always wanted a new addition to our overseas possesions . 
  in that case , greece does have an export industry . 
  i thought you meant export industry as being a net exporter , but naturally greece does export products and services . 
   that 's what our globalized system is based on . 
  our ` globalized system ' is based on surplus and deficit units , it is inevitable that these will exist . 
  without a recycling mechanism you 're breaking the cogs that run our modern economy . 
  such an event would have to be employed fully to set up competitive domestic industries in whatever form . 
  when that is succesful a slow transition can be made to return to the international markets . 
  a lengthy process , but even the transitional phase could be preferable to the current one . 
  it 's pretty clear though that they could n't remain a member of the eu , it would simply be impossible . 
  the transition will require surgical use of protectionism . 
  if they would go down this road , best step would be to strike some sort of deal with the eu to suspend all treaties for greece for a period of say , 10 years . 
  for those interested [ this ] ( https://www.rijksoverheid.nl/documenten/kamerstukken/2016/10/28/voorstel-van-wet-inzake-wijziging-wet-op-de-inlichtingen-en-veiligheidsdienten ) is the proposal as of oktober 2016 , do n't know if there are any amendments since , but it should be pretty up to date . 
  could n't find a more recent one . 
  the problem is that not all countries can have an export industry unless you plan on exporting products to some martian society . 
  ( and even then , they 'll need to be net importers ), 
  an exit of the euro means bankruptcy , that was n't ever disputed . 
  you wo n't inflate out of it , you 'll simply stop paying interests and do n't roll them over anymore . 
  but then you 're left to your own designs . 
  problem is that whenever the national agency is not allowed to perform surveillance they 'll ask the us or uk or whomever to gather the intel on our own citizens and hope they 'll pass it along fully , and usually we need to ` pay ' for that by giving them data in exchange . 
  that is of course worse than gathering it ourselves . 
  i do think we should have privacy , but it 's more complicated than that . 
  and as long as they have such alternatives privacy does n't mean a whole lot . 
  it does n't change that much . 
  old laws already allowed for indescriminate gathering of all * wired * communications . 
  leading to the netherlands being the country with the most phone taps in the world per capita . 
  today that 's a bit outdated , but after wireless still comes wired transport . 
  besides the government already knows everything about you , and after the expansion of ams-ie to the us all our internet traffic is subject to the patriot act . 
  if everybody knows everything about us , why should our own government be the exception ? 
  they after all are the only one that can do something good with it . 
  the eu will compromise , but not on everything . 
  both sides will have hard points , and soft points . 
  but generally the us is n't willing to give enough in return for compromises . 
  that 's fair and their choice , but we are n't vietnam or australia . 
  we know , we also use our armies for these purposes . 
  even with hurricane katrina the netherlands for example send a frigate with a helicopter and supplies to the us , dutch f16 's flew over the us coast with infrared camera 's to search for survivors , dutch navy dive teams were dispatched to the us coast to pick-up bodies . 
  our newest ships maidan voyage was even a trip to western africa with doctors and supplies to combat ebola . 
  because it is not a given the eu will respond to hostilities in choir . 
  also many armies due cope with material shortages due to years of austerity , this is bad for morale and when it comes to it , very bad for combat performance . 
  you see a minister of defense sees a frigate , but he does n't see a stinger , an ammo crate , or spare parts . 
  sorry , we were a bit bitter about antwerpen . 
  and if it was n't for those meddling french ... , 
  it was , primarily because it would n't be practical for belgians to adopt all dutch laws in a short period . 
  so much would change , from healthcare , to taxes , to infrastructure , to public space planning etc. 
  that said there are n't a lot of public opinion polls on the matter , but probably a vast majority of dutch would support it , but belgians/flemish by and large do n't . 
  which is also a given , because disregarding sensitivies , they would in effect join the netherlands , not vice versa . 
  this is a threat to them as much as the eu is seen as a threat to some . 
  we have differences between us like anyone , and in most cases these differences will be decided in our favour because we 're larger . 
  though there 's not really any serious animosity left between us in the 21st century ( keep in mind this was totally different 100 years ago ) that said , things can change fast some times . 
  as i said in another reply 98 years ago the belgians proposed to invade the netherlands with france , in 1945 belgian and the netherlands started the first open labour market in the world , setting the example and framework of the eu . 
  even today we 're ten steps ahead of the eu showing the way with common patents , consumer laws , we even have a [ common navy . ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/admiral_benelux ) . 
  belgium uses the same ships as us , their ships are maintained and upgraded in the netherlands , their crews are trained in the netherlands , dutch/belgian helicopter crews switch between each others frigates , and we 're currently buying new frigates and mine sweepers together again . 
  and right now they 're working on creating a single airdefense zone . 
  no , because the failure of ttip can mostly be attributed to the us 's unwillingness to compromise . 
  one of the main reasons ttip failed is for example because us will not accept historical/cultural patents/branding . 
  this is a hard line for the eu , in europe you ca n't sell bleached starch as camembert or mozzarella for example . 
  if there 's reason to suspect a football game is going to cause violence police will some times even stop your fan bus from departing or lock down the train station for some fans pre-emptively . 
  they wo n't be hiding . 
  if there 's no reason police always has a visible presence whereever there 's security . 
  ( because security is n't really allowed to do anything except self defense ), 
  you can have trouble if you are n't acting like ` alt-right idiots ' too . 
  i have been victim of hate crimes for being white multiple times in some cities in the netherlands . 
  verbal assaults primarily , so sticks and bones and all that .
