  rutte is just trying to get voters from the pvv , first he indicates the pvv will not be able to make a difference , then , as before , he 'll say some foul things about immigration with his fingers crossed , after the election he 'll carry on like they did without any change . 
  worst thing is not even him being such a sleazebag , but that many people fall for it . 
  it could be interesting this time though , as new/split parties offer an alternative on the right now to the pvv . 
  the party behind the ukraine referendum ( fvd - forum for democracy ) is running for elections , and a spin-off of the pvv with 2 former pvv members ( vnl - for netherlands ) is running too . 
  every means of transport is generally cheaper than a plane . 
  the problem of the train in this case though is the mountains and not so solid ground on the route . 
  russia has a lot of area 's in the east which freeze over and become swamps again every year . 
  the rail tracks do n't last very long in such conditions . 
  but the biggest issue is still that trains do n't like to climb . 
  there either needs to be tunnels ( which would be a massive undertaking ) or transfer stations to an adapted climbing train which are slow , and will not be able to carry that much cargo . 
  so these will limit the throughput . 
   and i thought it were eastern europeans who undercut uk workers . 
  or the 350 million gbp the uk pays for the eu every week that would be given to the nhs . 
  or the inability of becoming the number one country for trade . 
  or all that bureaucracy from brussels . 
  that was like the 48 % . 
  i do believe that last 4 % or so middle ground was swayed by germany to the brexit side by their consistent discontempt for other peoples of europe . 
  they 're not asked not accept them , they do n't have a choice . 
  these boats are simply programmed to sail unto the coast/beach . 
   it 's really gon na be a case of do or die for the eu . 
  better start digging then . 
  israel always had the upper hand , the disputed territory is under israeli military occupation after all . 
  that 's not very promising for the idea of a fiscal union , but of course each country has broken it , and remains breaking it to this day , to varying degree . 
  we can at least conclude that we can not trust each other nor rely on each other to follow any rules we would commonly draw up . 
  so it is as it is , if a monetary union without fiscal union does not work , it 's time to send new designs to the printing presses at the national banks . 
  too many for a fiscal union to ever work . 
  would n't the workers be dutch citizens of an eastern province ? 
  they spend their money over the border , everything is cheaper in germany . 
  there 's already an attempt at some form of fiscal convergence , it 's just that some countries do n't follow the rules they signed up for because they feel they 're too good or something . 
  i doubt any other attempt would ever succeed as long as these kind of countries tag along in the eurozone . 
  that 's unfortunate , they better have contingency plans for a return to their own currency in the south ready then . 
  frugal people get to reap what they sow . 
  germans worked hard for that money and decided not to recklessly spend it , so they get to keep what they spared . 
  french borrowed hard for that money and decided to recklessly spend it , so they get to have debt they can give to their children . 
  not really , we have had the euro a while now and it 's still there . 
  states just need to follow the agreed fiscal rules , starting with france . 
  if they do not we need to start destributing sanctions to states . 
  * buy a lot of one-usage life rafts with a pre-programmed automatic course ( australia uses them , they do not have a wheel , only electronic steering ) * put migrants you ` save ' at sea in the life raft , and order the computer to sail to libya/turkey/tunisia wherever they come from . 
  * rinse and repeat alternative ; follow the protocol of the seas and have ` commercial ' vessels ` save ' migrants and bring to the first save port , not to italy . 
  i agree . 
  you 're full of shit , the population density of barcelona is a fraction of just a city like rotterdam . 
  barcelona metro-area ; 1250/km2 [ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/barcelona_metropolitan_area ) rotterdam metro-area ; 2969/km2 [ 2 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rotterdam ) and that 's not even our densest part . 
   and by the way , also quite a few `` cities of glasgow '' in size move internally from one spot from the uk to another . 
  uk-external migration is a drop in the bucket . 
  it 's the net migration rate , emigration is already deducted . 
  no , but the definition of immigrant does . 
  and that 's not only for moroccan , in case you did n't know we had more minorities too . 
  you also still failed to mention why migrant share mattered to population density , it 's not like people from morocca take in less room than those from germany . 
  amending treaties does not exclude respecting them . 
  you could try a dictionary , and it will tell you amending does not mean ` disregarding of ' nor ` ignoring ' or ` disrespecting ' nor anything of the sort . 
  forcing people to follow treaties that no longer work is authocratic . 
  amending treaties so that they work again is democratic . 
  do you require me to explain to you what amending means ? 
  it 's not a complicated word , i do n't see how it possibly has you so confused . 
  that 's a strange incoherent conclusion to make , mind arguing why you think that ? 
  seems rather obvious . 
  spain is a depopulated peninsula sized pension resort . 
  the uk being overrun by migrants does not exclude the netherlands facing similar issues . 
  it does n't say that . 
  we 've more migrants , our migrants just have dutch passports unlike the spanish ones . 
  not that migrant share matters when talking about about population density . 
  couple more years of the euro and we 'll beat them with ease . 
   i really dislike the practise of calling everyone you disagree with ignorant . 
   that 's the way authocrats like to phrase their opinions . 
  he has no better arguments than self-righteousness . 
  rather you are insane if you think having an additional 500.000 people settle in your country each year does not lead to a higher population density . 
  that 's a city the size of glasgow , each year . 
  but you 're spanish , you could n't know about it living in one of the least populated countries of europe that 's about as attractive to migrants as ghana . 
  i do n't think anybody cared for a moment about these treaties since the inception of the eu posted workers directive . 
   no , they are not . 
  they are made to be followed . 
   that 's a difference in opinion between you as an authocrat and him/her as a democrat . 
  the report on which the fake news is based is several months old , if it has n't been proven in the past months , more likely it will become a russels ' teapot story than what you call ` tuberculosis ' . 
   also , i do n't think cia and fbi actually have a dog in the fight , they are just doing their jobs . 
  not as organisations , but their employees have . 
  hell will freeze over a dozen times before we have a government that ` educates ' religious nutters to ` teach ' fellow religious nutters . 
   culturally uniform you obviously do n't know much about switzerland . 
   and wealthy cause and effect . 
  yes some of it was . 
  comey was instrumental in helping trump win , but only because the establishment had overplayed their hand by instructing him to not touch their candidate . 
  the idea of the shadow government is that it is not visible , that 's where they pick candidates for . 
  they were naive and clumsy by such a public display of corruption and nepotism . 
  not particularly . 
  so you agree there 's only one country , and it is rather succesful ( to put it mildly ) . 
  seems inconvenient for those with an authocratic agenda . 
  i prefer no imams at all . 
  ` tolerance ' and regressive elements . 
  the diyanet actually has diplomatic status , the dutch diyanet leader therefor has legal immunity . 
  that 's a start , there 's still a lot more miles which can be fenced off . 
  what other country would you call a direct democracy ? 
  ` elements of ' direct democracy does n't make a country a direct democracy . 
  it 's also the only with direct democracy , which leaves the fear mongering from authocrats as mere fear mongering . 
   turkish pm : europe 's security starts with [ a wall around ] turkey and make the turks pay for it while we 're at it . 
   would be solved by all the countries moving towards the eu . 
  i ca n't hear you through that door , could you speak a tad louder or bre-enter the room ? 
   problems like kosovo a bit hard to solve that given that kosovo ca n't join the eu . 
   and rep. of srpska regions such as rep. of srpska will likely see the same opportunities in the eu as flanders , friesland or other regions see , the eu as a chance to dissolve the central state . 
  so it will likely give new problems . 
  the welfare treaties should be suspended too for those who do n't accept their citizens back . 
  that 's a real economic explosion , much more impact than just the development aid .
