  it 's going to follow the third world war we were promised for voting against the eu constitution . 
  t90 's are hardly dated . 
   i ca n't say that i really know what the russians want in libya . 
  especially as they support one side but did n't veto the other side getting recognised as the official government by the un and that those sides are n't afaik actually fighting each other right now . 
   the russians supported a un resolution on an intervention in libya , the west violated that intervention by making it an assisination of ghadafi and targeted war on libyan state troops . 
  things russia would want ; * recognition the west misbehaved , lied to and decieved their partners . 
  * involvement of russia in the solution ( otherwise we 've seen they 're just going to be contrarian to prove they 're needed ) * a fair and honest relation between russia and the new state ( not propping up another western proxy-state )  as for syria i do n't see what europe has to give that 's worth that much to them . 
  recognition of extremist groups the west supports , an end to attempts to make the syrian intervention into an assad assissination ( in other words as the russians are proposing , assad is part of a transition , bare in mind the russians have agreed assad must go , just not like ghadafi ) there 's enough to go around . 
  the west has generally behaved as an elephant in a porcelain closet , we should mend the wrongs and prove we mean business when we do . 
  lower class and homeless citizens get help too . 
  there 's also no reason to be homeless in the netherlands unless you 're a drug addict or an illegal . 
  everybody ( except students ) has a minimum living standard as dictated by law which is about 1000 euro per month excluding regular benefits . 
  the state will provide this for you if you can not . 
  she 's trying to get other states to participate , the money we would put into it would come from the foreign aid budget , which is about 4 billion euro per year . 
  that budget has been agreed on . 
  that would be unconstitutional . 
  while not all speech is allowed in the netherlands , the constitution clearly stipulates the state shall in no way govern information . 
  all you can do is pass a law and prosecute people for offending it , you ca n't prevent news from being shared , at most you can get a court order and demand the party takes it down . 
   it 's fascinating how many people in this thread alone get angry at the mere statement . 
  it 's not since you 're trying to discredit people by associating them with russians . 
  it 's a toxic attitude to think in terms of enemy and allied and group into enemy whatever you feels convenient to you . 
  russians push out fake news , just like europeans and americans and chinese and all sorts of people do . 
  that does n't mean everybody from the same origin is by design associated and therefor your enemy . 
  some people claim it is plain wrong , nobody has been able to back that statement up . 
  i can only assume * they * are in fact wrong . 
  the uk pays more than it recieves , therefor it can all replace all funds and have money to spare . 
  apparently not the strong stuff you 're on . 
  mainland is not continental . 
  ` what the russians would ' does n't sound like a compromise does it . 
   so what is there to compromise about ? 
  outside of libya syria for example , inside of libya is where most compromise would happen . 
  it is when it happens in minutes . 
   no , that 's simply not true . 
  for two reasons . 
   it is in fact simply true . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budget_of_the_european_union ), 
  the uk is in continental europe too , so is most of russia . 
  the subject was about the eu , so far you have n't been able to come with any example to back your argument . 
  the uk is a founding member of cern , they will have access to it just as they had . 
  they need a passport currently just the same , them not being in schengen . 
   sure . 
  just like the # 350m per week for the nhs . 
  and the continued subsidies for uk farming . 
  and the special deals for the finance sector , the car manufacturing sector and a few others . 
  and the special deal for the city . 
  and the continued financing of deprived areas such as wales or cornwall . 
  and all of that in the face of sinking revenues in the brave new world of the post-brexit corporate tax haven . 
  the uk can replace all eu funds and still have money to spare compared to the old situation . 
  they were a large net contributor , which meant they paid more than they recieved from the eu . 
  cern is n't in the eu , not off the eu , and the uk will remain a member of it . 
  it got brigaded , was at +5 not long ago . 
  not 100.000 equipments . 
  i ca n't think of any ` economy of scale ' benefits here , but you 're welcome to provide an example . 
  we 're talking about research at universities , not a car manufacturing plant . 
  and where do these eu funds come from exactly ? 
  oh right , the uk . 
  indeed much more than they recieve back . 
  replace eu funds with your own and keep what you otherwise paid more than what you recieved . 
   did i imply that ? 
  yes you did . 
  everybody has his/her opinion though , so luckily we do not need to agree with each other . 
  belgium uses slaves now ? 
  maybe they measured iq 's in dollars ? 
  it 's a more modern form of the current german economic model on which it is based , bullionism . 
   at least her words will stand the test of time . 
  that 's true , although i believe merkel will be remembered for a long time as well as the reason lobotomy was at some point no longer considered a desirable treatment . 
  she 's a strong woman your pm , i do n't doubt she 'll walk over most if not all eu politicians with ease if challenged . 
  actually you did , you may not be aware of it but i ca n't help you with that . 
  implying a white person could n't represent a black or ` hispanic ' person is a text book case of racism . 
  implying a male could n't represent a women is a text book case of sexism . 
  you implied both . 
  you believe in segregation based on some bogus ` identity spectrum ' whatever the hell that may be , i much prefer equality . 
  the best people to make decisions should make decisions , wether that creates a room full of black women or hispanic transgenders should n't matter . 
  i do n't believe a ` having the best people for the job ' policy would create a room full of only old white males , but that 's a different discussion . 
   mate , seriously , is this a hill you want to fight on ? 
  do you think your feelings on the matter are too strong to talk about it ? 
   if it help your mind , imagine it as preventing a future illegal immigrant from reaching the netherlands , for a fraction of the cost it would take if you waited . 
  i do n't believe it prevents it , in fact i believe much of our traditional ` help ' makes matters worse for future generations causing more immigration . 
  if the us is to provide abortions to women in countries who do not offer this option otherwise , these women will be looking to the us to provide these abortions . 
  they 're not looking at each other and their own people for providing abortions . 
  and whatever help the us or europe or anybody else provides , it will never be as succesful as people who help themselves . 
  because our capacity for providing help is limited and has to be shared between many needing societies , and people who do not help themselves will require help until eternity . 
  only if you believe people should be segregated based on skin colour and/or gender . 
  which i do n't believe in , all people are equal to me , therefor it does n't matter what the skin colour or gender of the person making decisions is . 
  personally i would classify anything else as racist and sexist . 
   but to force the will of a room full of white men on poor and unfortunate women in some of the most destitute countries in the world , because abortion is bad . 
  how 's their skin colour relevant exactly ? 
  or are you a racist ? 
  while i find it disappointing , it 's not like it 's the us 's responsibility to provide for abortions in the third world . 
  they have their own governments too that should be providing for them , that these can only be bothered with filling their own and family pockets is not our fault . 
  the diyanet still needs to judge his case in the european sharia court of justice . 
  shots fired . 
  they 're not going to bite , but russia traditionally has good relations with north-africa ( algeria , libya , egypt ) , they may be important to our effort in which case we would have to look for more than just consent . 
   okay , i had heard about this party but did not know that they took an eusceptic line like this . 
   they 're fishing in the same pool of voters as the pvv , which has also traditionally fielded a pro-elderly approach . 
  that 's why 50plus also does n't rule out forming a coalition with the pvv . 
   in any case , i need to buy popcorn for your election . 
  not because i do n't like your country ( i actually do love the netherlands ) but because seeing five parties try to form a coalition is going to be crazy . 
  that is going to be interesting , but polls are n't that reliable , it 's pretty likely people are going to vote for the ` winning party ' in their political bracket at the very end . 
  so 2/3 parties are going to have a lot more voters than they were expecting to probably .
