  [ 16 ] ` some resemblance ' . 
  it 's a supranational organization exactly because it is neither a federation nor confederation , nor in between . 
  it 's a common trade area with some bits and pieces and an identity crisis . 
  crashing a rover into mars and landing a robot on its side on a comet were n't the best of success stories . 
   ( weapons , bombs etc ) and blood transfusion , artificial limbs , space exploration , computers , etc. 
  that 's a general election of the netherlands , not the provincial state of north and south holland . 
  they wo n't be until 2019 . 
  elections in holland were in 2015 , and wo n't be again until 2019 . 
  this subreddit is being brigaded by eu-youth subreddits . 
  you 'll notice more of them have exactly 31 points in this topic . 
  the eu is n't a federation . 
  it 's just an economic union with some bits and pieces here and there . 
  cdu and spd for all , all according tzo ze plan . 
  actually they have n't , france has always been the pro-arab one . 
  good on him , neither will be his or the ep 's decision to make . 
  the point was that it is just a bureaucratic committee that facilitates communication between the actual intelligence community , which do the actual work . 
  which is why it has so few employees . 
  naturally if you want to make any eu decision you 'll need intelligence , and you ca n't rely on one agency for obvious reasons . 
  so it is needed , for it 's job i do n't expect it to need much employees , but i do n't expect anybody is going to be able to say wether they need more or less from behind reddit either . 
  i expect if they needed more they would hire more , if they needed less they would fire more . 
  i was talking about the gchq , the biggest intelligence agency in europe . 
  they actually collect intelligence , the eu version is n't going to collect intelligence , it 's just meant to be a marketplace for memberstates to share/exchange/trade what intelligence they possess they think is valuable to others or all . 
  i do n't know , would n't expect it to need much more than that . 
  in other words a choice between 2 options ; leave eu with a bilateral treaty or leave eu with nothing whatsoever . 
  probably wo n't be a hard choice for the commons . 
  i disagree , i think a small intelligence committee intended to facilitate cross-european intelligence sharing/cooperation is a good thing . 
  kind of like a small version of the 5/9/14 eyes . 
  as long as it stays that . 
  no doubt the intelligence itself came from a national intelligence agency , probably gchq or something . 
  they employ 70 people to take care of the toilets alone . 
  there were rumors about russian interference in the plan , not sure if any have been proven . 
  that said a russian s-400 system in tartous syria can hit a plane over ankara , probable they had assets even closer . 
  it 's not impossible , though more likely they tipped off the turks so that they could intervene themselves . 
  did n't assange offer to accept extradition to the us if obama released manning ? 
  it 's a bit far fetched , but remotely linked to europe . 
  then they do n't . 
  they can sell them to serbia and send the crew later . 
  or give their transport planes a civil registration ( identical planes are widely used in commercial aviation in asia ) . 
  or hold joint drills with serbia but never return all equipment . 
  there are ways to get these mbt 's there . 
   i know , but it 's possible to be self-hating about your own culture . 
   there 's actually a word for that ; oikophobia , the opposit of xenophobia . 
   for the english , the united kingdom occupies the psychic space once filled by the empire : it is the last guarantor of their characterlessness , it is the phantom which in the english mind substitutes for the england which the english will not acknowledge is their only home . 
  they will not acknowledge it lest they become just another nation like everybody else , with a specific , limited identity , a specific history , neither specially honourable nor specially dishonourable , with limited weight , limited resources , and limited importance in the world now that their empire is no more . 
  imo , that is exceptionalism . 
  rather odd that he 's english yet speaks of english as ` them ' ` the ' and ` their ' . 
  clearly he does n't consider himself english . 
  nato gave srebrenica to the serbs , dutchbat just got caught up in the game . 
  would n't expect any better from nato , fool me once ... 
  i would n't think so . 
   and the country is 90 % ethnically albanian . 
  so 10 % goes to serbia , and 90 % to albania . 
   and this would encourage macedonia to break up - no . 
   and then bosnia , whose war was a giant horror story of ethnic cleansing and rape camps . 
  this is about kosovo , not macedonia nor bosnia . 
   it 's poor and corrupted af , a bit more actually . 
  to be precise it 's the poorest and most corrupt place in continental europe . 
  but besides that it is also a disputed break-away region , has a government that resembles more a mob than an administration , and is considered an international capital of organ harvesting . 
  the russian airforce has a strategic airlift that can carry mbt 's . 
  they can land on grass if they have to , as long as it 's flat . 
  but could n't kosovo be divided between albania and serbia peacefully ? 
  if that is a decision of flanders that would be okay for me . 
  but please leave brussels behind then . 
  that was n't the question . 
   they would be no more a puppet of germany than they are of themselves . 
   there are 20x as much germans as there are croatians , of which each one owns and earns a lot more money . 
  they will be puppets of germany , not of themselves . 
   if you are the eu , you are not a puppet of the eu . 
  stop being ridiculous . 
  if you are 2 % of the eu you 're as much a puppet of the eu as you 're of the us or china . 
  either will be completely foreign to you , and in either case you 're a puppet to a foreign entity . 
   then fuck off to china or the us . 
  why do n't you fuck off yourself . 
   except of course by voting . 
  the eu is the only independence you are going to get in the 21st century , but of course you would rather be fucked in the ass by the us and china than live in your own sovereign nation . 
  having 2 % of the vote will be the same amount of influence as being a puppet of the us or china , they 'll give you some leeway too , perhaps even more than 2 % . 
   you can judge for yourself if that 's what you want , but do n't pretend that a majority of people keep themselves informed on politics to a level where they can make reasonable ad hoc decisions . 
  i do n't really care , because i believe in equality and reserve for everybody the right to make their own decisions based on their own line of reasoning and their own value system . 
   they ca n't . 
  that 's why we have representatives to do that for us . 
  representatives ca n't either , a title does n't make a human any better . 
  must 've hit home there , let it sink in for a while , hopefuly you can learn from it and work on that condescending attitude of yours . 
   they will become puppets if they do not take destiny into their own hands . 
  so why would it be better to become a puppet of germany instead of the us ? 
   that is what the eu is . 
  aye that is what the eu is , just another option to be a puppet off . 
  and to this one i say no thanks , i 'll take china or the us over the eu any day should it come to that point . 
   it is the instrument of our common european will . 
  it is no such thing . 
  it is an instrument to enslave europeans to the biggest power . 
   in other words , if you want to decide for yourself , if you want to be independent , then the eu is the only path ahead . 
  there will be no independence in the eu , there will be no personal decisions in the eu , the eu is 180 degrees opposit to independence or any decision . 
  with the eu you will not decide for yourself , someone else will decide for you , if you want to be a puppet , then the eu is one of the possible paths ahead . 
   i actually do n't . 
  the word is so overused nowadays that it 's lost the meaning it once had . 
   that was actually my point . 
   if you believe brexit was caused by racism , i must strongly disagree . 
  that 's not what i said though was it . 
  the sentence was meant sarcastic , i thought it was thick enough on that to not require a / s. 
  in that case they were both ( nice/berlin ) lorries i believe .
