  what is stupid is pretty subjective . 
  ` progress ' at the moment is actually increasingly leaving that phone in your pocket more of the time . 
  there were times when people would always pick up their phone and check it every 3 minutes , now it 's considered rude and will get you comments . 
  i would if i would be talking to a brit or american . 
  neither should germany or netherlands have joined . 
  ( we have a long-lasting border dispute ), 
  well you are a democracy ... 
  so you kind of elect your leadership . 
  yes but that 's only $ 50 billion . 
  darwin 's natural selection can not prevail for people in non-moving cars . 
  that 's the thing , you do n't deserve things like this . 
  if you wanted it , you should 've ` fought ' ( figuratively of course ) for it . 
  but spain seems to be fine with the world around it doing its business and spain doing its business . 
  not really . 
  the eu 's interests are far too diverse to ` represent ' us . 
  we 're only a very small part of it . 
  it could be an important country , but spain has rescinded pretty much all international influence over the years . 
  that 's why he would go to a chef for his food , not his friend nor the accountant . 
  as / u/streicheleinheit mentioned you did n't understand my comment , i never said merkel ca n't comment or voice concerns on the situation in poland or hungary . 
  i said threatening with sanctions is out of line , and should not be done by any head of state from individual countries . 
  half of it is , half of it is n't . 
  the map is handicapped . 
  you are right , i specifically refered to the ` for now ' comment , which is a threat on itself . 
  of course merkel can comment all she wants on the state of law and rights just like all others , but the threat of sanctions should not be uttered by individual heads of states but rather by or through the council . 
  spain , portugal , france , germany are very closed societies , both compared to the rest of europe , and even more so compared to the us . 
  nationalism rose because the eu failed in its resolve . 
  to blame nationalism now is deflecting your own responsibility . 
  fighting the symptoms is never a prudent approach . 
  the council . 
  it 's pretty reckless for individual memberstates to talk about this . 
  kazakhstan has gotten really big , did they pull of a crimea on the perm region ? 
  pretty sure the us is better for migrants than europe , regardless of trump . 
  european societies are pretty closed , and the languages do n't improve that . 
  americans are much more open and inclusionary . 
  ( if that 's a word ), 
  and a more [ good looking ] ( https://ajisyoda.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/13-stars.jpg ) one . 
  symbolism is pretty important . 
  the lack of - suggests a severe lack of creativity in the group . 
  just look at the communist flag of old , a red rag , some people where just about creative enough to paint a tool on it . 
  yes they 're richer , but europeans are happier , so we do at least something right . 
  brexit is going to be stabbing a knife in a hell of a lot of old wounds . 
  and the eu has many of them , wounds that never fully healed . 
  you can be certain that the eu will survive , the threat is not the collapse of the eu . 
  what however can happen is that the eu is going to become a museum exhibit , that states are n't going to use it anymore , the eu will glorify what it has achieved , the others will not have it achieve any more then that . 
  making the eu a living relic is the largest threat . 
  transforming it into a bureaucratic/legal hurdle instead of an instrument should be most feared , and arguably we 're already on the path to this end . 
  it may well do so , but the real crisis has n't yet begun . 
  the actual brexit will stir up a lot of things . 
  please vote no while you 're at it , if the eu wo n't put an end to this farce , then let them do it themselves . 
  that was the situation , but due to the new status of the 3 smaller islands as municipalities they 're part of the eu since recently . 
  though officially this is yet to be arranged . 
  aruba , curacao and sint maarten are not part of the eu because they did not ratify the treaties the kingdom signed , however the other islands do not have the autonomy to ratify treaties , they 're technically bound to the ratification as adopted by the hague years/decades ago . 
   saba , st eustatius and bonaire ~ ~ are n't ~ ~ were n't part of the eu . 
  that is correct , but they 're now , though they 're officially work in progress on that matter . 
  since 2010 these 3 islands are municipalities of the netherlands . 
  aruba , curacao , sint maarten and the netherlands are four memberstates of the kingdom of the netherlands . 
  saba , st. eustatius and bonaire are part of the netherlands . 
  the kingdom of the netherlands joined the eu , but curacao , aruba and sint maarten did not ratify the accession , so only the netherlands actually joined , because we did ratify it . 
  couple years ago the other three islands became part of the netherlands proper following a referendum in a ` special municipality ' status , which makes them now part of the eu . 
  ( though officially this is still work in progress ), 
  saba , st eustatius and bonaire are part of the eu . 
  curacao , sint maarten and aruba are not . 
  though all citizens are eu citizens , including those of aruba , sint maarten and curacao . 
   i pray that the morons who run the important western countries will finally wake up and deal with this big problem before its too late for eu . 
  they do n't see it as a problem , they want this immigration . 
  yes i would support that , that would also improve mid-carreer education and raise social mobility and competitiveness . 
  the eu is only concerned with illegal settlements in israel , it 's perfectly fine to lay claim to the sovereign rights of an eu memberstates , especially if your name is turkey . 
  in the end you only pay 4 % of your income to your student debt . 
  let 's say you earn $ 30.000 , a bit above average salary . 
  then you 'll pay a max of $ 1200 per year regardless of interest , or $ 100 euro per month . 
  that $ 1200 is also tax deductible , so it would be a bit less in the end . 
  that 's like paying another broadband/cable bill , pretty sure you 'll survive that . 
  if that 4 % is not sufficient to pay of your debt within 15 years , the remainder is a gift . 
  the system is pretty social . 
  ` kay , best of luck . 
  social spending cuts are not on the horizon , the budget has been reorganized the past 4 years . 
  there 's room for a little investment now . 
  but students of average earners are the worst off of all . 
  their parents earn too much to give their children a scholarship , but to little to compensate them for it . 
  you only have to pay 4 % of your income to your loan . 
  if that is not sufficient to pay-off your debt within 15 years , the remaining debt is a gift to you . 
  interests are frozen for 5 years by the way . 
  once you finish college your interest rate is frozen for 5 years . 
  you 're obligated to notify the bank if your debt exceeds $ 10k or so i think . 
  while your student debt can not be checked by the bank , it 's basically already implemented . 
  bkr register is just the next step . 
  the newspaper was n't banned , it 's just removed from the ep . 
  freedom of speech and expression does n't force you to actually have every form of speech and expression available in every building . 
  oh well you made it look like that . 
  you guys can default if you want , you 'll realize it will hurt you a lot more than us . 
  looks like we 've got a tough guy over here . 
  thanks , will do . 
  we already do it , i just wish other countries would do the same . 
  when i would apply for an american citizenship ( hypothetically ) i would automatically lose my dutch citizenship . 
  but then there 's countries like turkey and morocco that hands out passports by the thousands just so they can play stupid games . 
  i 'm glad they reduced deficits and debts . 
  if they had not cut social programs among other things the netherlands would 've gone bankrupt and required a bail-out . 
  it 's not about social programs in particular , but you must realize that by far most of the money the government spends is on social programs . 
  you have defense ( 8 billion ) , foreign representation and affairs ( 10,8 billion ) , security and justice ( 10,5 billion ) , infrastructure and environment ( 8 billion ) , education ( 33 billion ) and then you have ` social programs ' at 153 billion . 
  they took money from all budgets , a total of * 50 billion euro was cut * , but obviously the most comes from social programs ( benefits , healthcare , pension etc. ),
