  a dialect is mutually intelligible , a language is not . 
  frisian is a language , flemish a dialect . 
  the former has no army or navy , the latter does . 
  we do n't deport them . 
  we bribe people from the balkans to cooperate in going home ( so that they can come again for a couple 1000 euro 's ) and on rare occasions non-europeans agree to deportation . 
  otherwise we do not deport people anymore . 
  if you read the article you 'll see it also mentions 50 % of all denied claimants have ` disappeared ' . 
  so the 60 % number is misleading/fake news anyway , as it 's 60 % of people who actually agreed to deportation . 
  ` back-breeding ' probably created cows with some psychotic traits or other malfunctions . 
  for reproduction a diverse gene pool is needed , backbreeding seems to be opposit to that if i understand it correctly . 
  perhaps it manifested in psycho cows in this case . 
   unless dna of sufficient quality is found from fossiles , i do n't think this re-introduction will really happen . 
  some species still carry the gene codes of their ancestors . 
  like chickens for example , even though the genes are n't used anymore . 
  i have a bit of a double feeling about it , i do n't desire a world where everybody is the same , i think it 's great we have a diverse world with many different cultures . 
  however i would very much like to see a world where these cultures can coexist without wanting to murder or hurt each other , repress one another , or desire to remove the other . 
   why are we giving asylum to them again ? 
  we do n't , but we do n't deport them either . 
  they remain in the government shelters , and eventually slip into illegality . 
  while ` over 50 nations ' sounds really great , it 's less amazing when you realize there are no arab nationalities except 1 algerian , and only 1 iranian . 
  i have the feeling people like to use this place as an example that multiple cultures can live peacefuly together , which is true , but not in the way people want it to be because only cultures from certain groups are present . 
  ( non-religious indians and europeans ) so the '50 nations ' is a nice click bait , but it 's less juicy once you start to look further . 
  while it is in india , half the population is european . 
  mostly french and germans , and some italians , spanish , dutch , british , belgians , swedes , swiss , russians etc. . 
  it 's not that large . 
  nothing you would actually want to win . 
  german culture * is * the reason for hitler . 
  the only people that saw the dutch as germans were the germans , they thought a lot more people should be german in fact . 
  because people do n't like a negative attitude towards them . 
  the area 's of the settlement policy are israeli military possesions as a result of past warfare , the only people ultimately deciding what happens in these lands are the israeli 's . 
  the french or un can squeel what they want , nobody can or would challenge the idf as nobody could or would dare to face them . 
   sorry pal , but your opinion is irrelevant same as mine , you 'll be thrilled to learn that the un 's opinion is equally irrelevant . 
  the un does not make up ` the whole world ' either , what a sad planet it would make if that would be . 
   the whole world just told isra\u00ebl to stop colonization , not only europeans . 
  i ca n't remember saying anything like that . 
  you must be mistaken . 
   and there are several jew writers who disagree with isra\u00ebl , the so-called self hating jews . 
  jews do not have a hive mind , they 're able to have their own opinions like anyone else . 
  do n't mind her , she 's a frothing at the mouth anti-semitic nationalist who speaks for nobody but herself . 
  indeed , since the birth of mankind people have the desire to build a home . 
  mankind has colonized the whole planet , from ireland to argentina , from svalbard to new sealand , even the earths ' poles have residents . 
  not everything is related to hitler . 
  the truth is in the middle , it was no paradise , but no hell either . 
  the scottish and english settlers have made a home for themselves that belongs to no one but them . 
  whatever kind of religious tribalism you subscribe too is n't really relevant , i 'm more concerned with your desire to route people from their lands . 
  / u/finndacool see 's everything as a personal attack , he/she 's a rather butthurt patriot . 
  are you a potato malnourished englishman ? 
  it is by and large pretty much everywhere , unless you 're counting isis , which would explain a bit . 
  my name 's not holland simpleton , i 'm not even from holland , and i 'm perfectly able to speak for myself , not for my country , thank you . 
  the irish settled the republic once too , that does n't give them anymore right in the 21st century . 
  i 'm an atheist by the way , not that it is relevant . 
  the british isles is the ` official ' name of ireland , great britain , and a host of other islands around it . 
   it really depends on your perspective . 
  for example here 's a dutch map from the 1500s which makes no reference to british isles . 
   --  16th century map ** of the british isles ** ` kay then , thanks for the link i guess . 
   anyway calling ireland british is essentially worse than nazi apologists . 
  * hahahahaha * , british isles literally hitler now . 
   the british isles are a group of islands off the north-western coast of continental europe that consist of the islands of great britain , ireland and over six thousand smaller isles . 
  [ 6 ] situated in the north atlantic , the islands have a total area of approximately 315,159 km2 , [ 5 ] and a combined population of just under 70 million . 
  two sovereign states are located on the islands : ireland ( which covers roughly five-sixths of the island with the same name ) [ 7 ] and the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland . 
  the british isles also include three crown dependencies : the isle of man and , by tradition , the bailiwick of jersey and the bailiwick of guernsey in the channel islands , although the latter are not physically a part of the archipelago . 
  [ 8 ] [ 9 ] there 's no such thing as ` irish isles ' . 
   the full title of the uk is the united kingdom of great britain ( scotland and england/wales ) and northern ireland . 
   great britain is the largest island of the british isles , hence ` great ' , irish are part of the british isles as well . 
  northern ireland is the uk , and they prefer to be british . 
  they want a legislative border to divide the irish island of the british isles , so it is likely they 're less concerned by whatever technical form that division takes then the people from the roi are . 
  the rest of the british are n't too worried no doubt . 
  the young are taught to hate it , the old remember it with nostalgia . 
  the truth is somewhere in between no doubt . 
  they were very small , just border adjustments along the whole border that made our border easier to patrol and defend . 
  for the irish i 'm sure your future relationship with the british is of primary concern . 
  for the uk their relations with a country half the size of london are a detail in the scale of things really . 
  behold , how misleading quoting the % of renewable sources are . 
  france the cleanest with all their traditional nuclear , netherlands the 2nd with natural gas . 
  norway and sweden do n't participate obviously , countries that large with such scarce population have energy abundant everywhere . 
  when the first leaves , none will remain . 
  economically the eurozone is dead , all trust that remains is in the conviction that the participants will not allow it to fail . 
  once anybody leaves any remaining trust will be gone . 
  plenty , but it 's not a national top 2000 . 
   yeah , again , europe is way too diverse , i agree , i do not support it either . 
  it however still exists . 
  that 's not a prerequisite to nationalism , to the contrary in fact . 
  the strife for ones own nation is the purest form of nationalism . 
  there are some who strife for a european nation , it does n't get more nationalist than that . 
  that glimpse of humanity is gone again , intellectual corruption has run rampant in your mind . 
  i can only hope age will recover pieces of your sanity , until such time i trust you 're a on a list or two of the security services . 
  i 'm glad you are as shocked as i am when i hold a mirror in front of you . 
  there may just be some humanity left in you . 
  because of your desire to violently murder people on a large scale because they are different . 
  you 're the biggest intolerant fascist of them all . 
  you can call that what you want , does n't change what you are . 
  eu integration = nationalism . 
  just not german nationalism , but european nationalism . 
  no you could not , latin and brazilian are n't mutually intelligible . 
  no he said that he struggled with these confrontational feelings created by christmas . 
  that the freedom to be different is stronger than any terrorism , that people should be more reasonable and tolerating of differences , and he also said close to the ` birth place of jesus ' death and destruction runs rampant . 
  ( in a bit more diplomatical way obviously ), 
   '' ~ ~ toeter toeter ~ ~ toet ~ ~ er ~ ~ toet ~ ~ er ~ ~ toeter ~ ~ met romana op de scooter ... '' sorry ~ ~ ' ... op mijn waterscooter ... ' [ more here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z6rt-tmi2lu ) for those curious . 
  of course it would n't be dutch without a [ song about bicycles ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dap_snoofnk ) . 
  yes the dutch king gave a christmas speech , it was quite political for a royal speech .
