  [ 57 ] upon the conclusion of the treaty of versailles in early 1919 , article 227 expressly provided for the prosecution of wilhelm `` for a supreme offence against international morality and the sanctity of treaties '' , but the dutch government refused to extradite him , despite appeals from the allies . 
  king george v wrote that he looked on his cousin as `` the greatest criminal in history '' , but opposed prime minister david lloyd george 's proposal to `` hang the kaiser '' . 
  president woodrow wilson of the united states rejected extradition , arguing that prosecuting wilhelm would destabilize international order and lose the peace . 
  so merkel is homophobic , would n't that be of more concern to you ? 
   so they deserve all the same rights , except getting married ? 
  well that 's the case in germany . 
  assange did n't forget a condom . 
  the charges are that he put of his condom mid-sex without her knowing . 
   this argument is often used implicitly in reference to the weak euro ( from a german perspective ) as an explanation of its current-account surplus . 
  in fact , the argument seems to be inappropriate when you look at the changing external value of the euro and the persistent current-account surplus . 
  at the same time , switzerland , which has an even higher export rate than germany , has shown that one can also have a rising current-account surplus even with continuing currency appreciation . 
  somehow the thought that a currency which appreciates ( against what exactly would be helpful ) and still be undervalued seems to slip the author . 
   if we broaden our view to include the capital account as a mirror image of the current-account balance , assuming liberalized capital transactions , the idea that germany has a fundamental imbalance with foreign economies becomes even more questionable . 
  this is because the surplus in one is offset by a deficit in the other . 
  that 's nice , if you ignore the fact that the deficit in the capital account is a matter of accumulating foreign debt . 
  so you effectively say germany 's current account is evened out because consumers , companies and governments in the south increase their debts . 
   the argument usually collapses over a fundamental ideological dispute about whether entire economies can be said to be competitive , or whether the concept of competitiveness only applies to individual companies . 
  it 's both actually , austria is n't going to be terribly competitive as a fishing industry and the netherlands is n't going to be competitive as a winter-sport tourist destination , regardless of companies . 
  it 's a rather disappointing article for a tabloid that calls itself ` handelsblatt ' . 
  which populists though , we currently have a populist as pm backed by a populist coalition . 
  multiple populist parties will be participating in the coming elections . 
  an island tends to defend itself for the most part . 
  i did n't know the armed forces had seen a lot of austerity , i thought it was always hovering slightly above 2 % of gdp ? 
  makes for a great candidate member of the eu . 
  i think you 're glorifying the past here , the uk has n't had the ability to really project power since the suez crisis if you mean by ` projecting power ' to accomodate a force overseas to fight a full-spectrum war . 
  not much has changed for that part . 
  unless by ` former self ' you mean the 18th century britain . 
  if you did n't have one it could n't sink , and you would n't have the know-how or material to use a borrowed one . 
  intercepting missiles is n't anything new . 
  the escorts will have long range , small/medium range and close in countermeasures . 
  new missiles might require revised interceptors , but that 's the game . 
  and that 's not even considering that a war with russia is unlikely , war with other countries is more likely . 
   why the fetish for more eu ? 
  more integration ? 
  what benefits does federalism bring that would outweigh the negatives ? 
  generally federalists have two main reasons to support a superstate . 
  * to counter china and the us * to prevent war between memberstates i do n't find either a good reason to go down that road . 
  much rather i see a government which is concerned about education , infrastructure , security , housing etc. 
  not international rivalry to challenge china/us , or a straightjacket because we 're supposedly all secretly germans hunkering for more ~ ~ land ~ ~ lebensraum if juncker would n't stop us . 
  plus 50 % of the french armed forces are deployed in their own cities to keep order on the street . 
  the uk also has a higher defense budget . 
  the ` eu flag ' is actually the flag of the council of europe . 
  the council of europe has 47 members , including georgia , armenia , azerbijan , russia and turkey . 
  basically all of europe except belarus . 
  if you 're going to do anything central you 're going to need a compromise suitable for 28 states , the compromise will be about the average of everyone involved with a slight preference to the larger/more populous states . 
  ( which mostly are worse ) . 
  i imagine legal production would be a lot safer than illegal production having to follow rules set out by the government , and best of all , not having to hide it . 
  many fires have been caused that were way more devastating than ` brush fires ' , inside attics with growth lamps and faulty wiring ( illegal tapping of energy to prevent being caught ), 
   especially considering it 's full uselessness against anything like russia 's anti-ship/sub kalibr cruise missile with rang up to 2500km . 
  that 's why carriers have escorts , escorts with several lines of defense . 
  i 'm trying to imagine how the falklands would have worked out without fleet carriers . 
  then again he/she 's german , and probably supported the offensive war and anschluss because , in his/her words , it was ` non-european ' . 
  you wo n't be allowed to cultivate it in romania , do n't worry . 
  brush fires ? 
  because we 're all very different on basically every metric be it economic , social , linguistic , historic , demographic , religious and barely know and understand each other nor care much for one another . 
  we 're not suitable to be ' a people ' and work on common goals . 
  that said for some this could still be beneficial , for others , like us , or the scandinavians , we only have to lose from indulging in averages . 
  i do n't support a ` european ' ( federalist ) state . 
  that 's a federalist party , they support everything in brussels . 
   and after it 's over , 90 % of them are gone . 
  that 's not really surprising if you keep insulting them . 
  people do n't like that , so they leave . 
  nato does n't cover overseas territories . 
  i find national sovereignty over military forces the only acceptable situation . 
  since ` non-europe ' is part of european countries that deserve as much state defense as the other parts of the countries . 
  we do n't have the un for that at all , obviously . 
   like you need a supercarrier for defense ...  yes you do . 
  for the caribbean/guyana/polynesia for example . 
  the fact you do n't understand that is exactly why we should n't have a european defense . 
  all countries have a different position , foreign policy , view and understanding of defense . 
  what 's cultivating wheed ? 
  i always thought the supplies magically appeared whereever a coffeeshop was opened . 
  i doubt it , i 'm not the modern ` university campus hug boxes and safe spaces for everyone i 'm offended and oppressed and identify as genderless underage cat with 3 paws ' variant of liberal . 
  that 's why i prefer the term classical liberal . 
   museum of geology and the radiation was almost 200 % bigger that normal rangee ... maybe they display rocks from chernobyl ? 
  ` here we have an odd rock formation from northern ukraine , unlike other rock types found around the world in similar soil it glows in the dark . ', 
  said the guide as his skin peeled off . 
  nothing measured in the netherlands . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://nos.nl/artikel/2159342-geen-radioactief-jodium-in-lucht-boven-nederland.html ) but we 've had a western wind for the past days . 
  well that ship sailed , inside the eu britain could 've fought for it , outside the eu we 're left to be an even smaller minority . 
  it 's gon na be great to see the future budget hikes for the eu coming from the hague , wonder what they 'll cut away this time to finance the eurocrats . 
  maybe child allowances , or some more from the scholarships , a bit from defense , and some from council housing . 
  perhaps another income tax or vat hike . 
  the centrist aristocrat parties have consistently posed a bigger threat to classical liberalism than trump/le pen . 
  they 're a fairly new phenomenon . 
  the problem is that i either have to move left , or right . 
  both of which do n't really suit me well . 
  we had something similar , 2 years ago mitz henriquez shouted at a musical festival that he had a weapon , 5 officers jumped on him , two of which applied a neck-lock . 
  he suffocated , when they realized he had no pulse anymore they did nothing ( within minutes reanimation could still save him ) they did n't call an ambulance or anything , they did n't reanimate or mouth-mouth breath , they just put him in a police van and stood there . 
  the whole event was shared on social media as bystanders recorded it . 
  the officers were acquitted initially , but constant pressure led to them first getting conditional resignation , and right now they 're trialled again perhaps getting a real punishment . 
  police does n't like to punish their own because they 're their friends , it could happen to themselves , and it violates trust and loyalty to the force , but people need to persevere , and not just your immigrant neighbourhoods , but everybody . 
  in a peaceful manner . 
  here it took 2 years to get somewhere , but that 's getting you somehwere , violence , vandalism and riots are n't . 
  as long as integration is on a voluntary basis and not universal that seems to be fine . 
  just do n't make it a union of averages . 
  ideally the eu will just be an economic union with provisional cooperation in a situation that requires it . 
  i do n't want a european state either . 
  but i do n't want to end the eu alltogether either . 
  i find myself in between 2 extremes .
