  and they were kicked from the party and formed their own . 
  needless to say they took their voters with them . 
  no they 're not for eu integration , in fact they want less eu interference . 
  best response is just to start pushing the cart on ending the association agreement and candidate status , and prop-up a new partnership agreement with some trade agreement and nothing more . 
  maybe read a bit less daily sabah or other akp mouthpieces . 
  both the vvd and cda are for a small europe which is effective but limited to its core tasks . 
  ( trade , borders ), 
  context matters though . 
   also on wednesday , deputy prime minister mehmet \u015eim\u015fek said that turkey has no problem with dutch businesses or the dutch people , in response to a question about possible sanctions to be imposed on the netherlands amid a crisis between the two countries . 
  `` we do not have any problems with either the dutch people or the dutch business world , '' \u015eim\u015fek said . 
  they 've no problems with nazi 's and fascists ? 
  what are they , collaborators ? 
  sure , just call them ak-party . 
   how did a 17 year old get ~ ~ a gun ? ~ ~ a rifle , two guns , and two grenades ? 
  balkans probably . 
   the suspect was carrying a rifle , two handguns and two grenades . 
  does n't exactly look like your average school shooting either . 
  you could have at least come up with the pedophile party , they did n't get any seats either . 
  d66 is groenlinks without income redistribution . 
  the best of the vvd and the best of cda with some principles from cu would make the best combination in my opinion . 
  so yes , i find it unfortunate that they ca n't get around d66 . 
  i did not dispute that , but coming from a country where a party that got 4 million votes ( 12,6 % of total ) recieved 1 seat out of 650 that 's not a bit rich , but richer than soros . 
  because they want to give everything away to europe and have open borders for all . 
  not my cup of tea , sorry . 
  first they calculate the ` kiesdeler ' ; total votes : 150 seats = kiesdeler . 
  then you see how many votes each party has gotten , and divide that by the kiesdeler . 
  but then you get something like ' 18,7 ' . 
  you do n't round this up , instead the party gets 18 seats . 
  this is repeated for all parties , all the remaining votes ( for the example party , 0,7 kiesdeler ) are added up for all parties and that determines how many seats remain to be dstributed . 
  now you add 1 seat for every party , and then divide it by the total votes they got . 
  the party with the highest average votes per seat gets the first additional seat . 
  this is then repeated until all seats are distributed . 
  the times ( uk ) -  ` the system is rigged against smaller parties ' . 
  by god , someone take that tree trunk out of his/her eye . 
  a party like that would normally not get seats in the uk or many other countries . 
  that 's why proportional representation and no threshold are so great , the polical landscape is diverse , and more things than hypes can get you ` influence ' . 
  having said that , they 're a christian party , and believe in social-christian values like humility . 
  it was clear he is the only one of the whole group able to counter wilders , wilders even distanced himself from statements in front of him saying ` he did n't mean it at them ' and avoided collision at every point in the debate . 
  they also got a lot of respect from the vvd , in a debate against rutte , they were praising and thanking each other so much for the past years ( cu has helped the coalition a lot to acquire a majority in the senate ) that the interviewer had to intervene to ` go back to debate please ! ' . 
  having said that , a coalition with vvd-cda-cu-d66 would be really great . 
  the only unfortunate one is d66 , but they ca n't get around them . 
  yes , they 're a very principled party . 
  ( that 's also why i hope it will be them ) it was very interesting , because he had a debate with geert wilders on tuesday , and it was the first time geert wilders was really moderate and friendly , he clearly has a lot of respect for him/them . 
  quite a turn around from their earlier debate with the labour leader , where the sparks came off . 
  cu would be most likely , but the cu party leader said they should first try gl because they 've gained so much . 
  d66 would also probably prefer gl above cu , i hope it will be cu though . 
  and to the imf apparently . 
  the vvd is n't ` conservative ' as the german cdu . 
  quite the opposit , the fact we 've had way less migrants then sweden or germany can be attributed to them , and the vvd has been the leading force behind the turkey-deal . 
  also the cda wants to abolish double passports and introduce conscription . 
  yes , it 's definitely more right-wing . 
  and that 's a good thing as long as the left is walking with their heads in the clouds . 
  the migration problems do n't reach the gated communities of the saloon socialists . 
  not even in greece . 
  yes but much less than labour lost . 
  ironically some labour voters switched to pvv . 
  someone must 've been feeling desparate for not having had any attention for 12 hours . 
  there , there cavu , there 's room in the spotlight again . 
  the vvd and cda ( 3rd ) are against mass immigration , pvv became second . 
  hardly a ` beat ' with the 3 biggest parties being against mass immigration . 
  so the next coalition is going to be less pro-mass immigration with labour gone . 
  yes they do . 
  in the modern economy you 're going to college until at best 21 , and usually 22-25 range . 
  then you work some years to pay of your incured debt and get a start in life . 
  it wo n't be until 30 before you 'll even consider having children . 
  and these children will require 30 years to become a normal member of society . 
  in the 1960s you would get a job at 16 year old , buy a house with the money you save 2 years later and 5 years later you would 've worked up some steps and have everything you need . 
  totally different dynamics . 
  19 was the exitpoll , he 's at 20 now . 
  ( 95 % votes counted i believe ), 
  they gained seats too . 
  they only lost due to the high expectations . 
  at the time ? 
  possibly , these days though the economy is much less fluid to handle a large structural inflow of young . 
  why is it you have less immigrants and stricter laws then ? 
   was it really so great few generations ago that people made so many babies ? 
   yes , because now we import the worst demographics imaginable to replace it . 
  otherwise i would n't mind a gradual population reduction . 
   & allow them to grow , it 's impossible . 
  the middle-east is dead , overpopulation , irresponsible use of means , the nearing end of oil , and consequential drought will only allow decrease . 
  the middle east will move to europe and bring its wars , tribalism , zealotry , fascism and poverty with it . 
  for the first time in decades we have a budget surplus , so there 's money . 
  question is just where it 's going to go . 
  europe needs less dimitris . 
  it 's custom to congratulate the winner anyway . 
  yes , vvd is the sausage party with the highest amount of male voters . 
  ( 60 % ) [ 1 ] ( https://lfverkiezingen.appspot.com/nos/widget/main.html ), 
  that 's the same story with d66 though . 
  one of their former labour colleagues said the only thing they achieved during their term was sending a letter to the bulgarian ambassador complaining that turks have to wait too long at the border of bulgaria . 
  but jea , that 's what you get for putting people on your list only because they 're named ` ozturk ' and ` kuzu ' . 
  glad labour got demolished . 
  and i hope this is a heads-up to all pro-discrimination quota - ` progressives ' . 
   has nothing to do you 're talking about a guy who literally translated an obama speech in dutch and recited it , and when asked about it , noted that ` there 's just a lot of similarities between me and obama ' . 
  it has everything to do with the personality cult he has created around himself . 
  that 's just the usual quality of anglo saxon media though . 
  they get to indulge in state secrets now though on commissie stiekem . 
  should turn out great for erdogan to know our state secrets in the current conflict . 
  ouch , now it makes sense . 
  whatever has gotten into that man to go into politics with his curriculum . 
   as long as there is more integration than what you currently have in holland , less gettofication , it 's pretty clear the government has no control over that whatsoever .
