  that said i wish eu partners expressed and showed more support to greece . 
  it would n't hurt sending a ship or some airplanes to greece under the pretext ` they 'll stay until turkey goes back to its lair ' . 
  on your own you 're matched , with aid from partners you have the upper hand . 
  in the latter situation someone is unlikely to test the opponent . 
  germans have no experience building subs of that size , the type 216 is merely a concept . 
  we should build our own again , if that is n't possible we should cooperate with sweden . 
  is that why the gold is in montreal , paris , london and new york ? 
  gold reserves are stored in central locations to accomodate easy trade . 
   in the meantime the process of transfering the actual gold is in progress . 
  last year 210 tons of gold has been `` repatriated '' to frankfurt , germany alone . 
   after that the conspiracy changed to the us adding some sort of element ( i do n't remember which , but supposedly it would have the same weight as gold ) to the core and only apply an outer layer of gold on the ingot . 
  they would spend the rest of the gold . 
  ca n't beat imagination . 
   gold also changes hands a surprising amount , that 's why they 're in foreign faults after all . 
  you need your gold there so that when you buy/sell it 's only a matter of moving it to the next fault , and not to another country . 
  the netherlands just used a navy lpd to ship 130 tons from the us back to amsterdam recently . 
  i do want us to aid them , but not with an eu army . 
  we have an army , if we wanted to help them we can help them . 
  ironically we 're helping turkey with out patriot missile systems in turkey . 
  both are using artilery from residential area 's . 
  the separatists do n't have jets , russian jets were flying in eastern ukraine for weeks before mh17 though . 
  eu countries have 0 willingness to aid greece , a european army wo n't change that it will just make matters much , much worse . 
  i hope that 's what we 're going to do as well , but the walrus class was the last submarine class produced in the netherlands and the company that build them ( rdm ) is gone . 
  i do hope that if they 're going to look to foreign partners to acquire a submarine that it will be sweden . 
  german submarines are too small for the dutch navy . 
  we should build them ourselves , or else together with sweden . 
  too bad they did n't look to their neighbour , sweden makes excellent subs . 
   all except uk and denmark are obliged to join , eventually . 
  there 's no mechanism to force members to adopt the euro . 
  sweden will probably join when easter and pestecost fall on the same day . 
  not to mention poland or czechia . 
  you 're not going to war for being called on your bluff . 
  either you increase your bets ( send back-up to take down greek interceptors next time ) or you take your losses and thread more carefuly next time . 
  the final results take some time in the netherlands too , but they 're identical to the exit polls pretty much all the time because a parliamentary seat is about 40.000 ( actual ) votes , so small mistakes generally do n't have any effect on the result . 
  yes they did , i think if you would ` crack ' the usb drives and insert your own voting results you would only be able to interfere with initial results/exit polls . 
  they 're recounted later as far as i 'm aware after they 're shipped from the voting stations to some central building . 
  these results just take some time but determine the eventual result . 
  about a dozen euro 's per year for you , 1200 ` few ' cents to be precise . 
  ( assuming you work ) would rather order a couple of pints for that on a sunny saturday instead of wasting it on these fuckfaces . 
  if a sea border is too much to handle i very much doubt they can handle anything . 
  that 's what they already did , but the results of counting manually were put on a usb flashdrive and send to a central point . 
  yea we really do . 
  i 'm not the one who supports such train of thoughts , take it up with the other guy if you disagree . 
   heh , blaming me personally for libya ? 
  really ? 
  or is it my country ? 
  i did n't know romania held such influence over the world . 
   you do n't like to be generalized ? 
  well that 's a shocker , because it was you who set the tone . 
  you can have it right back at ya hypocrite . 
   the country is in a state of civil war , not anarchy . 
  it 's in both . 
  mainly due to you communists bombing the government to kingdom come because you owed them money , without any exit plan . 
   the migrant issue is your problem from their point of view . 
  that 's why we need to solve it . 
  you were the one disagreeing with that based on an outdated idea of sovereignty . 
  you 're also the one that caused them to be in this state due to foreign meddling in the first place . 
  so you 're basically a giant hypocrite with no argument whatsoever except some straw man . 
  they ignored a french/us coalition bombing the syrian government to the stone age due to ghadafi loans given to sarkozy . 
  an intervention to secure the borders seems like a small deal compared to bombing a country to kingdom come would n't you agree ? 
  if there 's no state there 's no sovereignty , regardless of convenience . 
  seems pretty straight forward . 
  not exactly , probably heard me talk about the eu needing to revert to being an economic zone and its members sovereign states . 
  libya can get a state too and be sovereign , but until such time others can be forced to act on the lawless state that 's threatening our security and well being . 
  except that it is not the same at all . 
  that does n't follow . 
  then they better not have any infighting with the other kurdish groups either to stand a better chance against tisis . 
  turkey , isis and al-qaeda answer to the same people . 
  that would be called infighting . 
  it is comparable actually . 
  you choose to be a bigot , i do n't think there should be any consequences for that . 
  you likely already feel the consequences yourself without societal repercussions . 
  neither is turkey fighting isis . 
  that would be called ` infighting ' anyway . 
  ypg is pkk just like turkey is isis . 
  whatever makes you feel better . 
  i believe you 've the right to an opinion and express said opinion in a manner you find pleasing . 
  that 's where you and i differ . 
  read the initial reply . 
  there are no benefits from allowing you to express your opinion about how you want to lock differently minded people up either . 
  yet you do n't see us advocating removing you from society . 
  you 're deliberately ignoring everything that is said . 
  it 's not about the base salary , the base salary is fine . 
  * 1 ) take a trip costing a couple of dozen euro 's to the netherlands . 
  * 2 ) collect 3000 euro 's . 
  * 3 ) go home and buy a car or something . 
  oh no , what are they going to do ? 
  record attempts to burn flags that wo n't burn and share it on youtube ? 
  i would n't even mind paying for that wall . 
  3 euro will get you nothing but fries . 
  a d\u00f6nerbox with meat , fries and vegetables will cost at least 6-7 euro , often 8-10 euro . 
  depends where you are . 
   but that 's not corruption ( aside from possibly your claim of nepotism in hiring , but there was no numbers there ) . 
  it is actually . 
   corruption is a form of dishonest or unethical conduct by a person entrusted with a position of authority , often to acquire personal benefit . 
  corruption does not have to break the law . 
  i 'm not complaining about the costs , i 'm complaining about thieves who live like kings on money taken from other people . 
  i do n't care if the eu would cost double the amount it does now if it had a healthy culture and did a good job . 
  what they 're now though , they should n't recieve a penny from honest working folk . 
  norway is not outside the customs union and there 's no customs border between sweden and norway .
