  in that case they should 've no problem asking the youth . 
  it 's overhyped really . 
  pvv will be big , but not the biggest , and wo n't form a coalition . 
  there will probably be more eurosceptic seats in parliament this time ( 50 plus , sp , fvd , pvv , vnl , probably even denk/akp ) but probably not enough to change something . 
  did the youth have a vote on this ? 
  seems fair to ask them , and not have old men decide over them . 
  he 's just rescuing labour voters from the life rafts . 
  no the falling voter turnout has been a thing since the beginning , unrelated to new additions . 
  it was already low to begin with . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/304/media/images/49882000/gif/_49882290_eu_turnout_09_304.gif ), 
  too much immigration , exploitation , too much contributions , too much poor new members and potential enlargement , a debt union , too much bureaucracy and regulation , too much infringement on sovereignty . 
  we have been ` the core ' , but it feels like the project has gone an entirely different way . 
  ( ironically at least in part because of britain ), 
  closer to what the vvd stands for , but mark rutte is more of a classical liberal . 
  his clear distinction between the function of the state and people 's personal life rules him out as a conservative . 
  a conservative believes in traditional social institutions , mark rutte believes in personal freedom in social institutions without state interference . 
  he does not advocate traditionalism , and whereever he challenges social institutions , he tends to change them , not ensure them . 
  what ` things ' exactly ? 
  he 's often made fun of because he always laughs , now his party has used that in a radio commercial and i suppose he carries it with pride . 
  ( emphasizing his optimism ), 
  being wrong or right is n't really a factor in complicated matters . 
  as far as voting goes , i 'll vote for whomever i please . 
  interesting how the two parties that systematically turn down public appearences are polled at number 1 and 2 respectively . 
  i guess the more a politician speaks , the less votes he/she gets . 
  probably the first logic you 've come across in the first place . 
  there 's plenty of nuance and thought to be found here , but it will turn into revulsion and abhorrence if you systematically ignore it . 
  that is correct . 
  since the majority of people are serbs it 's the serbs their homeland . 
  that does n't mean it 's not the homeland for the bosniaks that do live there , it just means that if you 're going to denominate it as owned by a group , it 's the serbs . 
  telling , is n't it . 
  a new treaty will be subject to a referendum in the netherlands . 
  i doubt it will get more support than the last . 
  i do n't believe i wrote in mandarin . 
  it may be your homeland , it 's not the bosniaks homeland . 
  because the ep is a parliament with very restricted powers , and it 's also a parliament of all the eu , of members inside the euro and out , of members inside schengen and not , and of all members with opt-outs and those without . 
  second problem is that people do n't care about the ep , and increasingly less so . 
  this is evident from voter turnout , as well as total lack of knowledge the thing even exists in the first place , or that it has political parties . 
  a parliament like the benelux ensures representation by people you know and vote for , and works excellent on a case to case bases . 
  for example the eurozone can have a separate parliament just by calling separate meetings . 
  you 're living in a majority serb region , if its anyone 's homeland it 's the serbs , not bosniaks . 
  looks like somebody contracted a severe case of butthurt . 
  i hope it is n't contagious . 
  that 's not how ww2 worked . 
  military budget is even less relevant unless you account for purchasing power . 
  serbia 's military is about twice as big as croatia 's , both in terms of active personnel as well as equipment . 
  so was bosnia . 
  there 's not really another way . 
  the ep did n't work out as it was supposed to anyway , it would be better if they dissolved the ep and created a parliament like the benelux filled by a number of representatives from national parliaments . 
  i thought bosnia had more regions besides rs . 
  bosniaks their homeland is n't rs , that 's the serbs their homeland . 
   well the `` west '' was pretty much proserb before srebrenica massacre srebrenica was given to the serbs because the west did n't expect them to massacre the people actually . 
  if they had n't done that they would 've saved themselves a lot of trouble . 
  serbia does n't have a coast anymore , i do n't doubt russia would want to aid serbia , they 're historical friends , but they would have a hard time doing so . 
   that would skew the situation in f bosnia 's favor . 
  that 's a rather optimistic view , croatia is about half serbia . 
  the main reason the west did n't allow the secession of rs from bosnia is as a punishment for ethnic cleansing . 
  next on the line are truck drivers . 
  he could help by resigning . 
  the eu could use a better figure at the head of the commission . 
  protectionism is not inherently bad , it just needs to be used responsibly . 
  all too often it is used to protect vested interests to the detriment of consumers and employees . 
   would lepen you mean marion , it 's less confusing that way . 
  nothing a jackhammer ca n't fix . 
  it 's a baby bathtub , in case you want to throw ( flush ) out the baby with the bathwater . 
  i was told brexit means brexit . 
  but i suppose it 's not uncommon for a word to have several meanings . 
  that may be , but the support is from the cosmopolitan left . 
  never a dull day on / r/europe . 
  so the parliament raises questions years later because he 's now challenging merkel and perhaps not so acceptible anymore ? 
  another fine example . 
  reanschluss indonesia would give 250 million additional citizens , would that be enough ? 
  it 's vice versa , populism has been used by the left since the dawn of men . 
  i remember the compaign for the dutch referendum on the eu constitution , they used pictures from the yugoslav war on tv commercials saying something along the line ` vote for the eu or you 'll get this ' . 
  i thought people wanted him behind bars , not in politics . 
  it 's interesting because martin schulz did the same as le pen with eu funds , misuse them . 
  he was never in any way punished for that , because he 's politically acceptible to the eurocrats . 
  simple class politics at work in brussels . 
  she married ? 
  banning the koran is impossible , at most you could get a salesban like we have on mein kampf ( although it does n't stand in court ) . 
   aim-120 , meanwhile , demonstrated bvr pk of 0,46 in iraqi freedom and allied force ( 6 kills out of 13 shots ) . 
  46 % is a hell of a lot more compared to 0 % of its opponent . 
   well the f-35 is kind of heavy and therefore also slow and less manouverable in comparison to other modern gen 4 + fighters . 
  good thing it 's not the 1950s anymore then . 
  the f-35 is a 5th generation fighterjet , and will shoot a 4th generation fighterjet down before it even realizes it was there . 
  practically nobody except qatar and india ( both buying an astonishing 24 and 36 planes ) want a rafale . 
  it 's pretty clear the rafale just is n't a very good plane , despite the / r/europe hard-on because it 's ` european ' . 
  for what it matters , plenty of parts for the f-35 are developed and build in europe . 
  i thought you meant the price of the rafale had fallen . 
  sure the f-35 is the best bargain there is at the moment , no doubt there . 
  although these ` unit prices ' are pretty misleading , it 's much more interesting to look at total prices . 
  because countries buy the planes , they buy weapon systems , life-span maintenance , and they buy pilot training for the duration of the operation of said airplanes . 
  this all combined makes the f-35 even cheaper than the others . 
  not to mention it 's likely to have a longer life due to the emergence of plenty of ( mid-life ) upgrades . 
  this is much less likely with a plane like the rafale of which only 66 were exported , and currently a mere 150 are build . 
  the large number of exports must 've driven the price down then . 
  that 's not what the map says though . 
  it 's a seismic hazard map , ` seismic ' refers to the vibrations of the earth , nowhere does it mention that it 's limited to seismic activity caused specifically by tectonic movement . 
  what did i just see ? 
  the dutch party denk also has ties to the grey wolves . 
  amos 4 : 11 .
