  and it 's doubtful they 'll actually be executed . 
  ( previous convictions were turned into 25 years jail ) it 's not a utopia , but yes , as far as dictatorships go egypt has a benign one . 
  egypt has been ruled by benign military generals for quite a while , i doubt they 'll turn into a next syria . 
  sudan already hit rock-bottom . 
  seems more efficient to polder in the markermeer as it was originally intended . 
  we were n't talking about neoliberalism but about george soros . 
  that was n't known to me when the article was posted . 
   uhh , yeah , it kinda was . 
   it was n't . 
  the way the aftermath of ww1 was handled certainly contributed to an environment susceptible to strong-men , the us even advised against it to prevent a second war , and then there 's the joint invasion of poland starting the war proper with the ussr . 
  the french institutionalized racism , teaching french children to not look at germans , do n't speak to them , because they 're inferior beings , and so and so forth . 
   actually yes , he pretty much was . 
  he was n't . 
  i could certainly come up with purely evil people , like mao who put his diabetic buddy in prison without meds and had staff record his descending into coma and ultimately dying in his own feces so he could watch it in his spare-time for entertainment . 
  he was generally very evil , the terrible things he unleashed are inexcusable , and that 's how we remember him , but he had good sides as well . 
  it was just a human after all . 
  damn you brits having a government that represents you . 
  it does n't ? 
  i thought the quota was for all the eu . 
  he 's left-wing in europe too . 
  george soros is what happens when internet trolls would be multi-billionairs . 
  yes op indicated it was a mistake . 
  at first i thought the article said it the same way though . 
  yes , without the s it 's accurate . 
  but the title is written in plural ( politicians ) indicating this is a statement by multiple members . 
  it seems like a terrible slip of judgement to choose a statement like this to defend . 
  germany was n't solely responsible for ww2 , germany was n't the only country to commit crimes against humanity or other sort of brutality , hitler was n't 100 % from left toe to right index finger evil . 
  but is it worth arguing about it when it 's clearly a sensitive topic ? 
  unless they want to attract radical voters , but they 'll probably lose more moderate votes then they 'll gain radical votes by doing so . 
  i see , happens to the best of us . 
  the mods could add a tag . 
  funny how they start the title with ` afd politician ** s ** : ' and proceed with the statement of a partymember . 
  there goes any semblence of impartiality . 
  problem is the island will be placed on the doggersbank [ 1 ] ( http://www.anemoon.org/portals/0/gebieden/doggersbank/dogger_map.gif ) which will probably be in the british eez . 
  [ 2 ] ( https://www.deingenieur.nl/uploads/media/575ec410c73bc/doggersbank.jpg ) considering that 's the shallowest location . 
  close to the coast is impossible for the same reason we struggle to build offshore turbines as well , rotterdam is the biggest seaport in europe so you need to avoid all traffic which limits locations . 
  the doggersbank is a shallow area of the north sea , probably the only feasible location to create an artificial island . 
  but with britain leaving , you 'll need an agreement with them . 
  i hope the netherlands will do everything to get the best deal with the uk , in turn the british will be willing to cooperate with us . 
  perhaps if needed the uk can replace germany in the cooperation depending on their stance in negotiations . 
  also the plans , originating from tennet , demand an energy agreement between all participants ( denmark , norway , uk , netherlands , belgium , germany ) of a completely free supply/demand between all partners . 
  the article is just a news article , the poll is conducted by maurice de hond/peil . nl which is a raliable and well known source in dutch polls . 
  the age and regional info comes from the 1127 people who participated in the poll , and is not a conclusion on the bruges behalve . 
  maurice de hond is a reliable and well known source of dutch polls . 
  municipalities fall under the provinces , except three municipalities which do not have a province ( saba , bonaire , st. eustatius ), 
  you do ? 
  why ? 
  pvda will be large enough to give them a small majority . 
  ( this coalition would 've about 76-78 seats ) where needed they 'll add cu . 
  i do n't see groenlinks fitting in this coalition . 
  jesse klaver is just starting his political carreer , he 's not going to throw it away at his age by pulling a pvda # 2 . 
  portugal and spain have n't reached their quota yet , so they 're very much on the list . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.brugesgroup.com/blog/will-the-netherlands-be-the-next-domino-to-fall ) . 
  it was a joke , there 's quite a lot of anger and attention lately to how holland centric the country is run to the detriment of the 10 other provinces and 3 municipalities . 
  we 've been working hard on moving the province of groningen towards china , and the locals are n't very happy with that idea . 
  welfare and houses for all , yes . 
  in the beginning refugees even had priority on houses over natives . 
  vvd-cda-d66-pvda probably . 
  understandably , eastern europeans are more touchy than most regarding forced demographic changes . 
  if these people could n't get past italy they would n't even come to italy in the first place . 
   that 's not what happened . 
  merkel ( alone ) welcomed refugees she did it verbally , but the rest of us invited them by offering them all sorts of priviliges . 
  face it , they 're our guests . 
  not the czechs , not the hungarians , not the estonians , * ours * . 
  do n't want them ? 
  then put a stop to it . 
   which according to data would probably be ~ ~ 25 ~ ~ 28 countries . 
  we barely have any alternatives except wind , and the netherlands is nearly 4x as densily populated as denmark . 
  it 's easy to place some wind parks here and there when you have the room , in the netherlands they need to be placed in your back and front yard of the house , or perhaps just on the house in the future , naturally people are n't fond of that . 
   netherlands thanks for the correction , demn danes need to learn to remember names . 
  if they call it holland one more time groningen might start throwing broken bricks and spare beams from their facades at them . 
  not much , the party-cartel is still calling the shots so parliament is going to be same-old same-old . 
  outside parliament , we have now reached a stage where even the uk would ( 48 % ) rather stay in the eu then the netherlands ( 39 % ) . 
  assuming it takes time for the aristocracy to start resembling a new public reality it 's more interesting to see what will happen in the next elections and there after . 
  that 's great . 
  local businesses use this to its fullest , they import labour under a posted worker directive and value it below minimum and average wage . 
  i 'm glad the uk made sure the consumer has the same benefits here to equal things out . 
  this is not any different in other countries . 
  i regularly buy chinese products just like many here , they 're rarily if ever captured . 
  if they are , you refuse the package at the door , and contact the chinese supplier , they 'll just send a new package . 
  but until now i 've only had one package that got caught , and upon refusing you do n't pay anything . 
  but the chinese shops just declare it 's a gift with low value if you buy for example a smartphone . 
  so you would have to have bad luck to be caught in a sample check . 
   france 's largest trade deficit is not with germany , but with china , with which the deficit is over double that with germany . 
  china is not on the euro . 
   that could be because the euro is worth too much for france . 
  the value of the euro does n't only determine trade between eurozone countries , but also with others . 
  if one french euro is worth 10 chinese remimbi ( just for example ) you have a higher purchasing power in terms of chinese imports than when it is 1:5 . 
   people have pointed out that germany and greece , with very different economies , may not be in an optimum currency area . 
  i 'm no expert on what people think would be an optimum currency area , but i see plenty of proposals that involve both germany and france . 
  i suspect that the objections that exist for greece-germany probably do not exist , at least to the same extent , for france-germany . 
  an optimum currency area is an area that 's cyclically in sync . 
  france and germany are n't . 
  the alternative to being cyclically in sync is high mobility in labour and capital and compensation mechanisms . 
  that 's obviously why we have open borders , however experience has shown that what hampered labour mobility is not legal borders , but linguistic/cultural borders . 
  so this failed . 
  there are no compensation mechanisms either . 
  so instead of being cyclically in sync , you can converge until you are by labour/capital mobility . 
  the euro has done neither , and instead of converge , it has diverged , centralizing economic acitivty/output and creating a separate group of winners and losers . 
  generally when this happens memberstates will eventually depart from the common currency area .
