  no membership is no membership , not ` it will take years , stop complaining , we 'll push it through when you 're not watching until there 's no going back ' . 
   should ukraine be barred from ever entering the eu ? 
  there should be no attempts made at this moment for ukraine to join . 
  no reason to ` bar ' it forever , just no attempts at present . 
  if things change , we can put it up for vote again in the future . 
  naturally . 
  they 're not a federal state , but somewhere in between . 
  they 're internally autonomous for most part , except when things do n't work out ( heavy corruption or something ) then interference is possible . 
  externally the kingdom is responsible for everything , finances , foreign policy , representation , security etc. 
  holding the coalition together is no longer going to work as a credible argument to get all mp 's of the coalition in line , especially with a change of leadership at pvda . 
   interesting . 
  most pro-agreement people during and after the referendum were saying that all of this had nothing to do with eventual eu membership and that even thinking along those lines was an extreme overreaction , yet according to this article :  `` for us it is hard to accept . 
  if it were not to lead to membership at some point in the future , then why bother with all that ? '', 
  initially some members wanted the roadmap to ukrainian membership already lined out in the agreement , but it was struck down in the final deal . 
  they were all lying , as the agreement is and was intended as a stepping stone to membership . 
  he has to , because there 's a minority in parliament supporting the treaty currently . 
  it 's the only way to get the treaty ratified , get some concessions from europe , and hope it will sway enough mp 's to back it . 
   balanced trade would be desirable . 
  you ca n't have everybody running a balanced trade account when some countries export way too much . 
  for every country that exports way too much we need a country that imports way too much , unless you plan on exporting to a martian civilization . 
  what you do you propose , a ban on german exports once it 's equal to its imports ? 
  abuse of the centralbank is solved with it being independent from the government , not by forcing it to follow ordoliberal policies in economies that traditionally have a different approach to economics . 
  in fact one could argue the latter actually * is * abuse . 
  5 out of 11 have been french since its founding , 2 swedish , 1 dutch , 1 belgian , 1 spanish and 1 german . 
  we beat finland , i guess . 
  your cities are cleaner , just to name a thing . 
  i also hope italy will decide to go back to the lira , not only will it be better for italians , it will be better for the rest as well if the eurozone falls apart . 
   you never joined eu  unfortunately we did . 
  even as ` founding member ' we ` joined ' it . 
   its different for newcomers such as us and future ones . 
  cyprus did n't have a referendum either , and they are n't a founding member . 
  it is not mandatory , just customary because this is not something representative governments should decide ( alone ) . 
  it 's not mandatory , we never had it . 
   our constitution requires no amendment based on referendum , yet we had to have one . 
  perhaps your government prefered it . 
  which is why they would n't demand this , as there would n't be a unanimity if they did . 
   there is a condition about not having border disputes as far as i am aware of and like it or not that is a pretty big border dispute . 
  greece and cyprus got in fine . 
  germany and the netherlands too , and the uk , all have border disputes , some even with each other . 
  no doubt there are more . 
  not all eu members recognize kosovo . 
  greece , cyprus , romania , slovakia and spain say kosovo is part of serbia . 
  the eu ca n't do much with kosovo . 
  i doubt they could agree to make such demands . 
  eastern europe is statistically perhaps poorer , but in reality life is pretty good in poland , czech republic or slovakia . 
  certainly not much worse than here , on some fronts even better . 
  it 's not mandatory , only when your national constitution requires it . 
   that 's a completely different thing ... actually it is exactly the same thing . 
   standing next to someone and grabbing your purse tighter because the person is from a certain race is not the same as not parking your car in a shitty neighbourhood known for car theft . 
  so knowing people with a certain country of origin are more likely to commit crime and taking precautions for that , is that different than knowing people with a certain neighbourhood of origin are more likely to commit crime and taking precautions for that . 
  sure does n't sound that way . 
  the only difference is that you find your ` racism ' against people from a certain neighbourhood common sense , but dislike ` racism ' against people from a certain country . 
  even though both are the same thing in the end . 
  what if they want to have cake ? 
  not parking your new car in a poor neighbourhood known for car theft is racist . 
  interesting . 
  everybody is a racist to someone these days . 
  it 's just the ` i 'm holier than the pope ' side that 's the worst because they 're hypocritical racists , not just plain racists like the others . 
  we need to return the public debate back to content , not moral dick pulling . 
  it 's always interesting to see how little attention is given to other people saying even worse things . 
  for example the ( since a few days former ) labour party leader diederik samson said moroccans have an * ` ethnic monopoly on nuisance ' * , party chairman of labour hans spekman said we need to * ` humiliate moroccans in front of their own people ' * . 
  a perfectly reasonable statement as it appears . 
  i suppose the attention given to every sigh of geert wilders is what has made him so popular , so it 's a double edged sword . 
  elements in the top of the labour party , and no doubt others just as well , are more racist than geert wilders , but because they literally put people with moroccan names on their candidate lists to get foreigners ' votes they 're a-okay . 
   i am not sure i agree with what he was saying at the time , i was simply too young to have a proper understanding back then , but you can tell from old recordings . 
  he was charming and tended to look at things at a case by case basis . 
  and that is something to be admired in a politician . 
   i often still view old recordings of him , how those are still as relevant now , perhaps even more , as they were then . 
  the mark of a leader , one i think this country deserved , but deserves even more so now as the problems of yesterday are starting to evolve into disasters today , and a tomorrow one dares not look forward to . 
   who is ` they ' though ? 
  i do not believe his murder was that of a lone wolve , i think there was more behind it . 
  the rumors of different caliber bullets , gun trajectories that do not match up with the accounts , the massive police force that was able to react impossibly fast . 
  i think there was more to it then what was admitted . 
  that 's what the government did with pim fortuyn . 
  did n't want to offer him protection , but because it was clear many people wanted to kill him his hosts usually took care of his protection . 
  when one did n't it was clear what happened , sift with bullets , and his driver was the one forced to chase the shooter . 
   words can lead to violence . 
  if you keep amping up the rhetoric , at some point that has physical results . 
  oh so he deserved it . 
  you utterly disgust me , what a vile , disgusting person you are supporting murder for people 's opinion , blgh , get the fuck away from me . 
  not an active one , but the ` western sahara ' is n't far off . 
  fortuyn was not politically correct , but he was a very warm and loving person none the less and he radiated that . 
  he had charms too . 
  he was very provincial , but he loved his city , his neighbourhood , his province , he genuinely wanted the best for everybody around him . 
  wilders is certainly no fortuyn , but they took him from us . 
  he 's grey , likely dyes his hair to look younger . 
  for some reason he picked blonde dye . 
  his hair is not that crazy , it is a common style for older people . 
  outfashioned , but not crazy . 
  yes in the middle of the city centre . 
  hit 8 times by a hs2000 gun , slit his throat , pierced his machete clean through his spine , and stuck a dagger with a death threat to ayaan hirsi ali on his body . 
  in the spray with the hs2000 he also hit 2 pedestrians that were close . 
   radical ~ ~ islamic ~ ~ leftist volkert van der graaf . 
  they 're even worse , and much more numerous . 
   they might renounce their moroccan citizenship en masse that is not possible . 
  both turks and moroccans struggle to renounce their citizenship , turks for example need to pay a lot of money ( 15.000-20 .000 euro ) to be allowed to renounce their citizenship , as far as i 'm aware , even with money you can not renounce your moroccan citizenship . 
   is anyone at all willing to work with the pvv ? 
  or is it kind of like sweden and sverigedemokraterna ? 
   the vvd ( currently largest party and governing ) is willing to work with them ( at least their current party-leader and our current pm ) provided he ` withdraws ' his earlier statement of ` less moroccans ' . 
  i suppose it is possible , but he 'll have to do something for it .
