  as long as it leaves the uk it 's fine by me , would be nice to have one of them in the netherlands , but one of the other 26 countries are fine too . 
  i do n't think these half-assed attempts at cooperation will make it less of a mess , probably even more . 
  but we should n't have a common army , instead the eu should focus on the eternal problems it 's facing and for which it never has solutions . 
  defense is perhaps something we can talk about in 20 years , if they 've finally solved the major issues and improved their position and trust . 
  i have no in depth knowledge of these numbers . 
  i know that in the past we used organic waste to feed pigs , but due to diseases i think that was outlawed . 
  so now many countries compost/landfill organic waste , but in the netherlands it 's buried under the ground with some variety of bacteria 's , covered in a tarmac , and a hole is made with tubes and a valve . 
  wait for a while and the pressure builds until you can extract it . 
  so it 's in a well , you can pump it out into barrels , or connect it directly to a power station and control the flow . 
  gmo 's are now used to feed pigs , obviously creating food for the sole purpose of turning it into gas does n't seem like a good idea . 
  but there will always be waste , and that should be used , not landfilled . 
  i guess we 'll see , the fact that you do n't have any will work to your advantage , but things like travel and local economy will no doubt be considered too . 
  can they take many employees with them , or would they refuse to relocate to romania ? 
  does romania have the human resources to fill vacancies ? 
  or is it [ fourth ] ( https://www.defensie.nl/english/topics/international-cooperation/contents/other-countries/british-dutch-cooperation-between-marine-units ) ? 
  media needs to get of its lazy chair and do their work for once . 
  romania launched a bid for the drug agency a month ago . 
  of course they ca n't . 
  hosting an eu agency is a privilige , a privilige that 27 countries are more deserving of . 
  what the hell do foreigners have to do with the turkish constitutional referendum ? 
  their own , the french will understand the italians by the movement of their arms as they attempt to converse . 
  what 's turkish pizza ? 
  italy is , so there are countries who do . 
  but if they refuse they would be in violation of international law . 
  you would have to be able to peek in one of the alternative dimensions where that 's the case . 
  generally though democracies tend to do better , especially long term . 
   the latter would be a first concrete step toward european defence in the naval sector , not at all . 
  at best a very late [ second ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/admiral_benelux ) . 
   a uk brexit department spokesman said : `` no decisions have been taken about the location of the european banking authority or the european medicines agency -- these will be subject to the exit negotiations . ''  that 's not up to them to decide . 
  that 's actually a lot worse than you think it is . 
  since these mep 's attend all sorts of meetings and commissions regarding international trade , research , foreign policy , regulations etc. 
  valuable information for the uk . 
  enjoying diversity . 
  we have kebab now i 'm told , it 's all worth it . 
  yes that is true , you 're probably trying to say that you can be competent in subjugating people just as you can be competent in investing your savings . 
  but i meant to say that they 're rather competent in governing the people . 
  they 've done pretty well for china as a whole the past years , i really hope they one day become a democracy , but they 're not doing bad for the time being . 
  same in the netherlands . 
  there are about 500.000 turks in the netherlands , 260.000 of them were eligible to vote . 
  almost all of them in the 3 biggest cities . 
  their communities are large enough to remain isolated . 
  for example 50.000 voted in the hague alone , that 's basically a city in a city . 
  it ; s actually 70 % in the netherlands ( 69,63 % ) turnout was 47 % , that 's higher than the turnout for the european parliament in 2014 ( 37 % ) . 
  stop rambling for a second , and start from the beginning ;  ` neat . 
  i guess that means we can stop sending money within weeks then . ', 
  you ;  ` there 's not a whole lot they could really do about it . 
  unless french ships are going to start sailing across the channel . ', 
  you seem to be confused with the initiatived here , the initiative is and has always been with the uk . 
  the eu is only responding , you 've got it all reversed . 
  the eu is not cutting ties , the uk is . 
  the eu is not erecting ` metaphorical walls ' , the uk is . 
  yes , but still competent . 
  i `` m not saying it 's a good thing that they are n't a democracy , not at all . 
  but having a competent dictatorship like china is still better than an incompetent dictatorship like turkey . 
  it 's just hypothetical in response to the ` we should just stop paying within weeks and not give intell . 
  so that they die ' british redditors in this thread . 
   i 'm a bit surprised that the eu has already worked out where to put them , that 's all !, 
  well this , among other things , is exactly where the article 50 procedure is for . 
   no i 'm saying if the eu tried to break all ties with the uk , if you 're saying that then you 've obviously no clue of what 's going on . 
  i guess you were serious then , that 's pretty sad . 
  of course the eu would be fine . 
  that 's the thing , the eu is much bigger , for the uk the eu is massive , for the eu the uk is very small . 
  but i did not say the eu should cut all ties , only that it should go along with the uk if the uk did . 
  you 're not explaining why that is n't the case , you 're explaining that you do not know the difference between the uk and the eu , and that you think that the eu voted to leave the uk . 
  you 're trolling right ? 
  this ca n't be serious . 
   millions of eu nationals in the u.k whose live would be ruined by the eu building metaphorical walls . 
  are you on drugs or something ? 
  but china is led by quite competent people . 
  turkey is not . 
  it 's not preferable over an amicable divorce . 
  naturally the eu wants an amicable divorce . 
  but if the uk wants to play rough , i 'm sure the eu would go along . 
  nothing of what is happening is in the eu 's interest . 
  but it 's happening . 
  never the less the uk is only a small country , the eu is much bigger . 
  trade can be done under wto terms , very bad economically for the uk , a little bit bad for the eu . 
  there is actually , if you stop paying money within weeks then brexit will happen within weeks . 
  the eu will suspend all your membership rights , your mep 's will go home , and from there we 'll sit out the 2 years of article 50 , conclude nothing , deny any extension , and so long uk . 
  the eu is n't pushing for anything . 
  the uk was given a choice , the uk made the choice , the eu will comply with that choice . 
  obviously all eu agencies will leave the uk , britain does n't have a food safety agency in germany either does it ? 
  while intelligence is certainly one of britains strong points , we have intelligence as well . 
  we do n't rely on the uk to stop attacks , while it would certainly help . 
  then again , there 's still the 9-eyes , and 14-eyes , so it 's unlikely britain will severe all intell . 
  ties , or it would work on its own demise and make its allies shift more to the us . 
  ultimately intelligence is all about a network , if you 're losing that , you might in fact be losing much more than we do . 
  no it was n't , isis was still expanding in 2013 until the west started to put a halt to it . 
  the kurds do all the fighting on the ground with the exception of some western special forces and material support . 
   you shall understand that fsa is not a real army , but number of militias controlled by nobody . 
  in case of assad fall nusra and isis will be on top of this mess . 
  indeed the fsa is not a real army , but opposition groups that were forced to pick up arms for their own good . 
  it was only ever aimed at the political leadership , calm down . 
  i have boundaries . 
  i ca n't stand watching lavrov one more time with his lying hypocritic fuckface . 
  the nerve of that mongrol speaking about ` law ' and ` rights ' after everything he has done in ukraine , just no , i will no longer ` get a grip ' there . 
  russia 's list of ` friends ' is growing smaller and smaller . 
  iran , syria , north korea , they 're in good company with like minded people . 
  they 've taken these actions alright , georgia , poland , czechnia , baltics , ukraine , hungary , syria , they 're an awful war mongering people who wish nothing but ill on all people , and everytime these pathetic mongrols open their mouth the purest hogwash comes out of their pathetic faces . 
  i will never comprehend what goes on in the heads of people like you that you glorify and promote human misery , but then again i do n't want to , so i 'll add you to the block list , and hope to not encounter you again .
