  because most money is spend on social programs . 
  of course they do a lot of good work , but you ca n't spend money you do n't have . 
  it 's better to be frugal , then to go bankrupt . 
  people often wrongly think ` oh the netherlands only had near 70 % of gdp in state debt ' but forget one important thing that the markets did not forget , that the dutch had a mortgage debt of 125 % of gdp ( 2011 ) , of which the government was for a large part liable for ( national mortgage insurance ) that 's why were downgraded by the rating agencies at the time . 
  we managed to turn the tide just on time though . 
  no i 'm not , i 'm implying countries with high debts and structural deficits do worse . 
  double passports should be banned altogether . 
   and perhaps people interpret mein kampf in different ways . 
  maybe because of that , people who interpret mein kampf and practise in a respectful manner do n't deserve to have their reputation interwined with a bunch of cunts . 
   start alienating 5 % of the population like and you are pretty much feeding into allied propaganda . 
   at the second , ( very expensive ) braille printers and refreshable braille screens/terminals do exist . 
  i would expect them to convert regular text to braille . 
  i was more surprised that it was even distributed in the ep before the ban . 
  it was a preemptive strike against egypt . 
  the area that involves the settlements is primarily the west-bank though , and in 1967 it was jordan that attacked israel , not vice versa . 
  after jordan attacked israel , israel even offered a cessation of hostilities if they lifted their attack . 
  they responded ` the die was cast ' . 
  and that it was . 
  sure the settlements are illegal . 
  macedonians are n't that fond of their current government . 
  at least last time i was there there was widespread anger about the amount of money wasted , specifically the statues people complained about . 
  lesson learned i suppose , do n't start a war you ca n't win , and when you lose , do so with at least a bit of elegance . 
  do n't go sour as a decade old milk for the next half a century . 
  they are shamelessly using their emigrants as a weapon , the losers will be the turks themselves who will be looked at with distrust and contempt if they continue on this path . 
  new settlements in militarily administered regions , perhaps they should not have waged war against israel , then their lands would n't have had to be occupied , and the failure to conclude a lasting co-habitation settlement would n't have led to settling of the occupied regions . 
  what makes you think that . 
  we 've got that covered , meet [ jan roos ] ( http://www.goedenieuws.nl/files.org/roos.jpg/@@images/a03a20e5-6575-46a9-a595-deaa6807a91a.jpeg ) , a new politician of a party that did not manage to secure one seat . 
  the soil is n't the same everywhere . 
  in many areas it is unfit for tall structures . 
  the bond evens out the cash , you gloss over the debt entirely , the end is the same . 
  if you issue a bond of say $ 1000 you have $ 1000 cash and $ 1000 debt . 
  the government still owns 0 out of that , the investor still owns $ 1000 , and if the government spends all the cash the government owns - $ 1000 , the investor still owns $ 1000 , and a bunch of other people now have a total of $ 1000 . 
  the end sum remains the same . 
  it is completely different from printing money . 
  the money in circulation remains the same . 
  we should , seeing as we 've had to raise them considerably to weather the last crisis . 
  it was only 42,5 % in 2007 , and it was 68,2 % in 2014 . 
  we need to decrease again to at least 40 % within a couple of years . 
  it does n't work like that . 
  the more you spend on increasing the uptick of the economic cycle , the bigger the downtick will be , and the more you 'll need to borrow during a recession . 
  the idea of keynesian economics is to level out the sine , cool of periods of growth , level of periods of decline , ideally you end up with the same trend , but a more stable and rigid economy . 
   but is there any way to use negative interest rates to our advantage ? 
  yes , in fact we already do , old debt papers with higher interest rates are layed over for new debt papers with lower interest rates as time drags on , reducing government spending on historic debts and thus allowing us to spend more money on other things than investors . 
   paying down the public debts thus takes money out of private hands , what ? 
  no , not at all . 
  paying down public debt is just changing private wealth from debt papers to cash money , which can then be invested or used for consumption . 
  our soil is n't great for building high buildings . 
  ireland is over the twice the size of the netherlands but does n't have 1/3rd of the population . 
  i believe you on the space . 
  but enjoy it , overpopulation is not a good thing , we could certainly do with less people instead of more . 
  investment in defense is not 2 % . 
  a billion euro extra per year would solve a hell of a lot of problems . 
   and , of course , the only reason our debt-to-gdp ratio is reasonable is because of nominal gdp growth . 
  our debt-to-gdp has always been relatively low compared to the eurozone , lower than germany for example . 
  it is decreasing not only due to nominal gdp growth , but a surplus too . 
  sure , with turkey off the table as a destination there 's room for alternatives . 
  all export versions of advanced airdefense systems have a kill switch . 
  wether that is aegis , patriot or s-300 . 
  the us would use it because turkey is more important to it than greece . 
  it would have a lot to do with them . 
  in the falkland war for example , france provided the kill switch for the french aa the argentians had to the uk . 
  if the french vote for a president next time . 
  under hollande france has been completely marginalized . 
  yes can we have selfkant back again ? 
  the bordergore is killing us . 
  if you downvote you can expect one back . 
  immigration has been increasing and reached record heights [ 1 ] ( https://www.cbs.nl/nl-nl/nieuws/2015/37/immigratie-en-emigratie-naar-recordhoogte-in-2014 ) , while the country is already more than full . 
  there 's no room for more social housing in the cities , has nothing to do with foresight or anything related , just the law of limited resources . 
   after school , he masood quickly turned to a life of petty and violent crime . 
   khalid masood , the westminster attacker , snapped because of racism in his village and slashed the face of a cafe owner before being radicalised in jail . 
  this lead to his involvement in terrorism . 
   masood has been identified as the man formerly known as adrian elms , a career criminal with a history of violent knife crime . 
  jea it 's all the whites fault , such a fine fella ruined by those damned ukies . 
  the queen should give him an honorary medal , the highest prestigious victim award . 
  true , but such is our plight . 
  jea not in a million years . 
   immigration is not putting a pressure on housing . 
  of course it is , where do you think immigrants live , on the street ? 
   the real problem is that we did n't build new houses the last few years . 
  expect this to change . 
  the real problem is that there is n't room to build new houses . 
  the immigrants by and large go to the big cities , the big cities ca n't grow much anymore . 
  is it effective ? 
  seriously though it 's pretty important , because aegis has a kill switch , your own does not . 
  say the greek-turkey dispute over imia escalates , turkey occupies the island and imposes a 6nmi exclusion zone , greek coast guard vessel violates it and a turkish vessel fires a missile . 
  say there 's a spanish frigate close which detects the launch and deploys countermeasures , but to decrease tensions the us shuts down the spanish frigate . 
  the spanish frigate can then not do anything . 
  if there 's a danish , german or dutch frigate close , countermeasures can be deployed at your convenience . 
  sure we have some clay left from 1815-1830 in limburg , brabant and zeeland , where do you want us to put it , shall we leave it in the westerschelde ? 
  they would first kill a lot of people and test our resolve . 
  eventually yes they would stop , but 2000 or 3000 dead people wont be a pretty picture internationally nor nationally . 
  there 's also just too much money going on in there now , both in european/western ngo 's and african smugglers , banning it would be very difficult , it 's not only italy picking people up , but mostly a dozen or two commercial ngo 's profiting from it . 
  it is yes , lack of space and rampant immigration is putting a massive pressure on housing , which will drive up the value . 
  amsterdam banned airbnb , and they want to introduce legislation that will make it illegal to own vacant buildings . 
  if your house is empty for more than 12 months , the municipality may put renters in it . 
  quite high due to our mortgage and housing market . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.theglobaleconomy.com/rankings/household_debt_gdp/ ) was 2014 , but it has decreased recently due to tax discount on paying off mortgages and tax-free gifts from your parents to buy a house , and new rules banning solvent free-mortgages , and requiring a 10 % personal pay-in on a house . 
  jea cramming 140 people on a rusty tub that owes its buoyancy to a recent weld is not the best of ideas if survival is your concern . 
  however most ships are reported in advance to italian authorities so the ngo 's and coast guard is waiting of the coast to pick them up . 
  every now and then though the smugglers will send out a ship without reporting it to certain death , as another 200 dead people will be world news and likely increase efforts to save more people thus earning smugglers and ngo 's more money .
