  while true their that their economy is significantly smaller and in a crisis , the russians have made much more contribitions to space exploration than europe . 
  if we ca n't keep a livable planet habitable what makes you think we can make a non-livable planet habitable , let alone keep it that way ? 
  not like that , they were always middle eastern . 
  just another day in turkey . 
  no i 'm refering to main-stream political groups . 
  the groups that patronize , defame and slander whole ethnicities , the groups that believe ` there 's no alternative ' to their will . 
  i 'm not sure why that would be harsh , it 's been their own choices , they made their own bed . 
  and per capita sweden is even facing more . 
  but europe is n't recieving the migrants , just a couple of countriesare . 
  the others have no desire to assist . 
  so that 500 million is rather useless . 
  that 's no laughing matter . 
  there 's no conflicting evidence , there are measurements which include water and there are measurements which include only land . 
  they do not conflict , it 's just that one is irrelevant , since you do n't live on the sea . 
  if you include the sea in the netherlands england is more densily populated , if you include only land , the netherlands is more densily populated . 
  there 's only really one metric that matters when talking about population density , and that 's land . 
  it 's a complicated matter , but taiwan is part of china to all countries who have a diplomatic relation with china . 
  you 're german , the german government does not recognize taiwan as an independent country , just like most/pretty much all the world . 
  the german government therefor has no diplomatic relations with taiwan . 
  only unofficial relations . 
  they 've shown they have not improved nor are they worth any trust . 
  they 've learned very little from their history , there 's only a shallow pretense of improvement on the surface . 
  brussels is not part of flanders . 
  yes it is . 
  netherlands is 504 as repeated ad nauseam , about equal to south korea . 
  taiwan is part of china . 
  504 per km2 of land . 
  south korea is about equal ( 504/508 ) taiwan is not a country . 
   southeastern england and the east of england including london is more densely populated though , it is home to around 24million people on an area of 40 000sq and population density is almost 600 inh sq/km . 
  south holland has a density of 1287 p/km2 if you 're going that route . 
  the population density of the netherlands is higher than england repeated for the 1000x times . 
  not as strong as either london or istanbul . 
  mr old fart does n't yet know what europe means . 
   the most populated metropolitan areas ** in europe ** are ~ ~ paris and rhine-ruhr . ~ ~ * istanbul and london . 
  *  there , fixed it for you . 
  that was like 3 months ago , it 's 17,1 million now . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://www.cbs.nl/nl-nl/visualisaties/bevolkingsteller ), 
  more densily populated than england . 
  that is not an accurate number . 
  it is based on the density of the whole of the netherlands , but the netherlands is 20 % water . 
  if you calculate it based on km2 of land ( which is the only sensible way ) the netherlands is more densily populated than either england or flanders . 
  brussels is one of the three gewesten of belgium , besides wallonia and flanders . 
  it is not part of flanders . 
  quite good , a europe deprived of hard power is a stable and peaceful europe . 
  what i fear the most is german military dominance again . 
  if europe is to provide for its own defense because the us would withdraw ( just being hypothetical here ) military dominance should be delegated by the us regionally , france and uk leading the western military hemisphere ( peace keeping , interventions , protection of sea routes etc. ), 
  and poland leading the eastern military hemisphere ( deterrent against russia/turkey ) i feel like germany should be limited to a self defense role with limited capabilties and influence . 
   that figure is without brussels naturally , as brussels is n't part of flanders . 
  flanders has a population density of 473 per km2 of land compared to 504 for the netherlands , not even speaking of holland . 
   if we had one centralised government i agree with that but we have 6 . 
  that 's on a national scale as i tried to explain , on a european scale belgians tend to be very pro-centralisation unlike the netherlands . 
  on the contrary , you 're the one lost on the regional complexity of belgium . 
  you see brussels is a separate gewest , not part of flanders . 
  therefor the netherlands is even more densily populated than flanders , do n't even need to reduce it to holland for an equal comparison . 
  that 's with brussel , brussel is not part of flanders . 
  the netherlands is more densily populated than flanders at 504 p/km2 of land . 
  that 's incorrect ;  474,13 inw . / km \u00b2 [ 1 ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/vlaams_gewest ) brussels is not in flanders either . 
  in your previous comment . 
  do n't play the ignorant card now , refering to guns is a pretty clear message . 
  887m , and yes limburg is the highest in mainland netherlands . 
  but there are some hills here there ( 80-100m in gelderland etc. ), 
  luxemburg is around 220 p/km2 , belgium 373 p/km2 , and netherlands 503 p/km2 . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/en.pop.dnst ), 
  but he 'll need a majority to form a government . 
  making the odds of him becoming pm practically zero . 
  netherlands is actually around 510p/km2 , your figure includes water . 
  that makes it significnatly more dense than belgium , even more densily populated than flanders alone . 
   how ? 
   as i said . 
  it 's a bummer you ca n't drink from the tap , that you do n't always have warm water , and that the road to your home is unpaved . 
  but all that is rather irrelevant when you wake up in a sunny paradise to grab a coconut right from the tree from your front garden and see monkey 's in the trees . 
   you are just cherrypicking good stuff , witout considering the pile of bad stuff that makes their countries so inefficient . 
  ca n't see a lot of bad stuff , just missing some first world luxury , the people were nicer than europeans in general . 
   compared to netherlands , no . 
  south africa seems to be the best place , but it too is terrible . 
  if only you had ever seen something of the world besides your moms basement . 
   what parts ? 
  getting something done can be tough . 
  especially as an immigrant you 're not treated well by the authorities . 
  then again you do n't need them as often as you would in europe , there are a lot less rules and more freedom . 
   belgium is pro- ... centralization  good joke . 
  i do n't see the funny part , belgium is very pro-centralization , just not with wallonia . 
   to be fair i 'd say that 's mostly due to past flemish/wallonian issues . 
  i do n't think you 'd find many that agree that we 're ` pro ' on that front especially in flanders . 
  compared to us you would be . 
  no need to , the whole of the netherlands is already more densily populated than flanders alone . 
  even flanders is less densily populated than the netherlands . 
  flanders is 474 people/km2 of land [ 1 ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/vlaams_gewest ) , netherlands 505 people/km2 . 
  africa is poor and corrupt , but life can be very nice there . 
  unworried , relaxed , very social and helpful , europeans could learn a lot from them if they were n't so stubborn and cold . 
  i prefer to live in the parts of africa i have above most of europe . 
  it 's such a nice lifestyle . 
  shocking and frustrating some times , but so are other parts . 
   the girls obey the will of the men in the house . 
  they 're not arabs . 
  women are very free in many parts of africa , more free than western women . 
  ( which are held to double standards , they must act and dress decent or else they 're a slut , unlike men , because the more promiscuous the toughter he is ) these rules go equally in africa , it 's a real eye opener for a westerner to be courted by a women , not at all what you 're use to . 
  and they will not obey your ` will ' , sounds like you would be in a for quite a surprise . 
   then the problem is that a lot of darker women have no sexual freedom , what ? 
  you 've really got to get out there more .
