  that 's why they pay taxes . 
   it 's not slavery , it 's conscription conscription is the state owning your labour , slavery is anybody owning your labour . 
  conscription is a form of slavery . 
  schools do not make you work for them , in fact schools work for you . 
  that 's what makes them not slavery . 
  i would like a source on that . 
  there 's been a lot of fake news from germany trying to soften the blow by equating lab-real-life differences to blatant institutionalized international fraud with cheating devices . 
  paywalled . 
  they * are * the only one for now . 
  if you have any other information you should contact the authorities and make them aware of your personal breakthrough . 
  yes i 'm sure . 
  as i mentioned at the start , sportscars are the exception . 
  though i 'm impressed the difference is so little . 
  cvt 's are nice for acceleration but inefficient once at speed . 
  they 're nothing new either , the technology is from the 1950s and daf made only cvt cars until it was bought by volvo somewhere in the 1980s . 
  they remain less efficient . 
   but those `` losses '' in efficiency are regained in convenience . 
  that 's a matter of opinion , i greatly prefer a manual , gives me much more control over the car , especially in tight bends and tight parking spaces . 
   i do n't think any of this will matter in 50 years . 
  with cars trending towards being an automated , driverless transportation experience well yes that is true , with electric engines the need for gearboxes will change , and likely they 'll be very small lunar - cog sets inside the wheels/axles . 
  yes they are , they may have some unique ones but their main line-up are the same cars . 
  only vw does it so far . 
  yea no , the diesel scandal was a very german thing , the german government , the german vw management , even the european commission were involved . 
  because you do not need to , an automatic will have to drive more efficient to make up for its own losses . 
  driving a stick is n't exactly rocket science either , and with the whole ` new driving ' campaign of a while back everybody is made aware of the basics . 
  plus you learn to drive in a stick , unless you have some handicap . 
  ( if you take lessons in an automatic you 're not allowed to drive stick-cars in the netherlands ( i.e. 
  90 % of the cars on the road ) as far as it being easier that 's a matter of opinion , whenever i drive an automatic ( which is not often ) i really need to keep my head sharp to not stop in a wheelspin . 
  these wide braking pedals , or worse the american ones with the hand-brake in the clutch area , are asking for trouble . 
  it 's just an automatic response to floor that pedal . 
  emmissions , especially those of diesel cars , are harmful and deadly to humans . 
  mechanical losses are so great due it being mostly rotating mass which has a far larger effect than suspended or unsuspended mass . 
  the losses are so great any experienced driver will beat the same car driving manual against an automatic . 
  it would be the case with most experienced drivers . 
  it would not be the case with people who do not pay attention to the rev range and prudent use of the clutch . 
  but to call that ` top tier pro driver ' is bollocks . 
  naturally . 
  that depends how you would define blame . 
  i do think it was the drop that could fall in either bucket which were filled to the very top . 
   too expensive and the population is too small to sustain that . 
  so slavery is the answer ? 
  shall we do that with other organisations which ca n't get enough employees too ? 
  ` volvo does n't have enough engineers and we ca n't afford higher wages to attract more , let 's open the civil registration and call up graduate engineers to work for a bowl of oatmeal ' . 
  hmm no , manual cars are faster because they have less mechanical losses . 
  when you come of age that you 're allowed to drive a car you 'll find out the actual shift time do not matter , as by the time you 're actually going to shift the car already has a solid head start . 
  stop pretending as if automatic gearboxes are a revolution , they 've been around for far longer than you have . 
  the german unreported emmissions no doubt killed and harmed more people than a faulty ignition system which could let the engine die . 
  really ? 
  i did n't realize anybody except vw has been on the record for such a global fraud scam stuijfsandephobic crustedlamb . 
  they 're lighter and cheaper as well as faster and more efficient because they have less mechanical losses . 
  it 's not the time to shift that matters , it 's rotating things around that you otherwise would n't that 's wasting energy . 
  chrysler is then dutch . 
  fca ( fiat-chrysler-autom . ), 
  is seated in amsterdam . 
  instead you should sell cars by lying about their consumption and emission . 
  the german way . 
  and vauxhalls motto is ` be proud of who you are ' , holdens motto is ` let 's go there ' ! ' . 
  all 3 of them are the same gm cars . 
  no they can not . 
  the mechanism that shifts is heavier ( rotating mechanical losses ) and the system with oil pumps and cooling adds weight and complicity . 
  either way a manual is cheaper , lighter , faster , and more efficient . 
  the list is based on cars that have been driving , not new ones . 
  though they provide an insight in what to expect . 
  opel is owned by gm , chrysler belongs as much to fiat as fiat belongs to chrysler . 
  it 's a merger . 
   renault is usually extremely reliable . 
  hmm , well , no , i do not think so . 
  the electrics , the horror . 
  everything on it that does n't run on petrol breaks down . 
  no they have not . 
  naturally , it 's opel we 're talking about . 
  but i meant by origin . 
  neither is it italian , it is just a holding . 
  one of its subsidiaries ( fca-us ) holds the american brands which are still very much american ( chrysler , dodge , jeep , ram trucks etc. ), 
  the other subsidiary owns the italian brands ( fca-it ) and then they own maserati and some parts manufacturers . 
  fca ( fiat - * chrysler * automobiles ) is a merger of chrysler and fiat seated in the netherlands . 
  fair enough , what would you call holden and vauxhall then though ? 
  they 're the same gm cars opel sells in germany but then in britain and australia . 
  vauxhall would be as british as opel ag would be german would n't it ? 
  toyota builds better cars though . 
  for example , vw is the 2nd most unreliable brand driven in the netherlands , after renault . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://www.pechhulpvergelijk.nl/top-20-meest-pech-gevoelige-autos/ ) even fiat is more reliable . 
  it 's vice versa these days , manual cars are lighter , faster , cheaper and more fuel efficient than automatic cars . 
  but modern sports car are too complicated to be manual these days . 
  ergo everyday cars tend to be manual and sports cars automatic ( although often with options for flipper-manual settings or related to give some form of driver control ), 
  opel , ford , tesla , chrysler , chevrolet , jeep there are a fair share of american cars being purchased here . 
  manual ones too . 
  but that you 'll find out once you 're old enough to be allowed to drive . 
  that depends on a lot of factors . 
  if you transport a lot of goods and the territory will be flat and the soil consistent the train will be cheaper . 
  they can get votes from the vvd and others too , they 're a more moderate and reasonable alternative to the pvv . 
  many people agree with the essence behind the pvv , but see geert wilders as too extreme and unconstructive . 
  at great distance ships win all day long . 
  lorries and airplanes are the most expensive forms of transport , that 's why airplanes are pretty much only used for mail and passengers where time is important , and lorries only as the last/first link to/from the urban destination . 
  in most cases consciption is suspended , not abolished . 
  increase wages then . 
   trains are very often more expensive than aircraft . 
  airplanes are the most expensive and least efficient form of transport , only used when time is of the essence and worth paying more . 
  so that would only be in extreme cases , absolutely not often . 
  all the time .
