   `` this < place  has been built/renovated with x million $ eu funds under program a '' so things build from a budget where we pay more into then we recieve from is a benefit ? 
  i hope you 're not working in a commercial branche . 
  it is non-binding in the sense that parliament ultimately has the last word , but it is not without legal complication as some of you pretend . 
  they 've not , as there 's no prior precedent . 
  capital gains tax the rich improving socio-economic equality . 
   as the majority of opposing voters did n't show up , they would 've lost either way , hence they hoped that by staying home they would n't reach the 30 % turnout . 
  you should really read replies before answering them , it is in the hypothetical situation if we left the eu . 
  good on them , corporate taxes are a failed system which should be replaced with a progressive real-time tax on capital gains . 
   there is no exit clause for the euro , that does not matter , that can be created . 
   because you 'd attend a rally where the main speaker supported your enemies . 
  clearly they 're not enemies to them . 
   leaving the euro means leaving the eu , there was no mention of that on the stone tablets mozes returned with . 
   could say the same about you . 
   you could , but it would have no merit . 
   it 's just by your point of view , which , as i said , i do n't care . 
   no , you drove it to the most extreme form possible , hence you 're expressing an extremist view . 
   i do n't see the logic of someone who wants sovereignty to join an union , because you would lose some sovereignty once you 're in . 
  when you hold extremist views you generally do n't see any logic but your own . 
   but when those laws , or something very similar is implemented on eu wide scale , other eu countries ca n't simply undercut our workers by giving them their own citizens far less rights in order to make them cheaper . 
   but it would n't matter since they would n't be allowed to work here without a permit , and when they have a permit they will follow our laws . 
   there is no extremist views there 's yours ;  considering the netherlands leaves , are n't in eu because they want sovereignty , they do n't want unions ,, 
   that the government is free to ignore . 
   trump is on the record saying he 'd do a bunch of bad shit like reintroduce torture nothing to reintroduce same old same old , obama tortured people , bush tortured people , hillary would torture people ( if she has n't already ) , he 's just the first man enough to come clean about it . 
   extremism means , literally : driving ( something ) to the limit , to the extreme or the quality or state of being extreme , advocacy of extreme measures or views . 
   considering the netherlands leaves , are n't in eu because they want sovereignty , they do n't want unions , because of your extreme views . 
  watch at your own peril / r/europe , both of them were murdered for what they thought . 
   are n't in eu because they want sovereignty , they do n't want unions , that 's just you being spiteful . 
  the world is n't made in black white , there 's a large middle ground between extremists like you and extremist from opposit sides . 
  unions can exist between them . 
  i would be fine with a union between us , switzerland and the uk , norway , and a couple more if they wanted . 
  as long as it does n't have a common currency , no ambitions to become a superstate , and only includes countries with similar levels of social and economic development it 's fine . 
   i was an erasmus student , it baffles me that this was n't brought up more . 
  it is a great great thing we have access to . 
  hell you can go to denmark today and do a free masters . 
   countries can participate in the erasmus programma without being a member of the eu . 
  switzerland was a member of the program up to last year . 
  doubt it , the sub is confined to the trench and ca n't really maneuver there , she 's not going to stop for a coast guard vessel , and a 17.000 ton vessel is n't able to stop in a couple of meters either . 
  the british eventually started firing across their bow though . 
  it was , some churches started doing same sex marriage in the 1980s , the government only legalized it in 2001 of the top of my mind . 
  i 'm not saying it would n't work , i 'm saying it will be less stable and unlikely to finnish full terms . 
  that 's way over the top . 
  10 years ? 
  for fucks sake , it 's a disgraceful act , but not worth anything like that . 
  they 're teenagers . 
  have them do community service and teach them they were wrong . 
  you ca n't talk about this subject without losing your mind ? 
  the speed is irrelevant , you 're trespassing . 
  the speaker supported hamas , the attendants isis . 
  they used flares for the civilian vessel , they only used guns for the spanish coast guard . 
  they 're appropiate measures given the circumstances . 
  you know you 're not allowed there , yet you go there to provoke them , then refuse radio contact . 
  do n't go crying when the cat bites if you yank his tail . 
   a submarine threatened to ram a ship ? 
  any idea how large a us nuclear submarine is , and how small the spanish customs vessel blocking its path was ? 
  the aim of the parties mentioned ( forum voor democratie en dhr . 
  roos ) is a referendum on the eu membership , it 's not the destruction of the eu . 
   what is the secret information that i miss here ? 
  bottom-up politics . 
  it use to be called ` polder politics ' , something was required or desired , then labour unions , branch leaders , politicians , environmental ngo 's etc. 
  were all invited and they reached a concensus . 
  this all ended with the eu as there was n't an alternative anymore to ` europe ' . 
  all these ` progressive ' things started with popular movements , for example gay marriage was started by the church as they started to do same sex marriages , which led to eventually the government yielding . 
  concensus is now sought behind the closed doors of the council though , not between the people . 
  that was in the '60s and '70s , it was more a given then due to ` verzuiling ' . 
  i doubt it will turn out the same now that the division is returning and along new fractures in society . 
   the other part of it are things like environmental and worker rights protection , these are higher here than the eu anyway , the eu has only had a downward effect on for example workers rights by posted workers and all that . 
  there 's no reason to fear for this because we 've our business in better order than 90 % of europe , we had that before the eu , we have it in the eu , and we will have it after the eu . 
   in an increasingly fragmented dutch political landscape , most observers agree that the likely outcome of the election is a coalition of four or five center-right and center-left parties . 
  it 's important to note that the current government is the first in 14 years to fullfill it 's term . 
  pretty much all dutch governments fall within the 4 years , usually after 2 or so years . 
  the current coalition of two parties being committed to fullfill their term is unique . 
  a 4-5 party coalition is probably going to be a new phase where the netherlands will have parliamentary elections every 1 or 2 years . 
   try to highlight the advantages of the union . 
  people tried that with brexit , thing is , the advantages are abstract and unquantifiable . 
   do you see however that spanish scientists are mandated by the eu comission to manage these waters , and should therefore access them in order to perform their marine research ? 
  preferably without incendiary devices hurled at them ? 
  that depends wether they have permission from the uk . 
  but the article does n't mention the research vessel was there for this purpose either , so the relevance is doubtful . 
  i see no source for any sovereign borders , just a natura 2000 region which is managed by spain . 
  i see only one of us has provided a source . 
   sounds like a great place to ignore hails from a british vessel . 
  not just british . 
  februari this year a us nuclear submarine issued a final warning it would ram the spanish coast guard if the british did n't remove them . 
  perfectly possible , it has been done before as spain often refuses raf airplanes , a few months ago even one with the british fm on board . 
  military airplanes have other measures like flying in their jet stream as a warning . 
  very well , as long as spanish ships stay outside the claim , otherwise you see what happens . 
  military airplanes can just land coming in from the sea and leave that direction as well . 
   poor excuse . 
   okay , they invaded , but the offensive was subsequently parried by dos mossos d'esquadros . 
  no but they provide nice pictures to visualize it for you . 
   what you can not do is fly into gibraltar without entering spanish airspace . 
  you 're conflating administrative airspace with sovereign airspace . 
  the former may be entered by britain without permission , even without registering . 
  like we always do , you send a qra fighter jet for visual inspection and gestures . 
   i would rather have them approach and speak to them they tried that but the ship refused . 
  then you proceed to the next step which was in this case flares , but could also be a bow shot . 
  would you be cool with aa missiles shot at civilian aircraft who fail to answer the radio ? 
  what kind of ridiculous comparison is that to make ? 
  did they torpedo the ship ? 
   before world war 3 with spain ?
