  that 's just a picture . 
  his ties to the grey wolves run deeper , he has also been under investigation by the general intelligence service . 
   how will he deport nl citizens of moroccan descent if they 're not moroccan citizens ? 
  almost all have double passports , because it is ( almost ) impossible to lose your maroccan passport . 
  reddit users are not governments . 
   does n't represent any sort of dutch perspective that i 've come across . 
  neither do you , you only represent yourself . 
   i would like a nuclear armed germany and this guy calls other people crazy . 
  it 's not . 
   okay , so you think it means deporting moroccans with double passports who commit crime . 
  do you not see that he still makes the distinction between moroccans and other nationalities ? 
   [ already covered that . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5hqzpg/dutch_populist_leader_wilders_rises_in_polls/db2g7h7/ )  calling for the deportation of people with double passports who commit crime is fine . 
  calling for the deportation of moroccans with double passports who commit crime is not fine . 
  the difference between the two is that one of them is based on their ethnicity . 
  the reason his statement was found discriminating is because he specifically called out moroccans . 
  most double passport holders in the netherlands are either moroccan or turk , because the dutch government does n't allow other ethnicities to have double passports ( afstandsplicht ) ( at least not ethnicities which are common here ) so the destinction is n't that large . 
   what do you think his `` more or less moroccans '' statement meant . 
  he asked wether the crowd wanted more or less moroccans . 
  more interesting to this conversation is what followed after the crowd answered ; ` we will take care of that ' . 
   because you deny that it means deportation of moroccans , i did n't . 
  moroccans with double passports who commit crimes are moroccans , that 's what he has said before is what he wants , ergo it makes most sense to imply that if you 're honest . 
   so i do n't see how it can mean deportation of double passport holders who commit crime . 
  i 've repeated it about 4 times now , i 'm falling into repetition . 
   you 're ignoring the last part of my comment . 
  because it 's the same as before , it does not necessarily follow , therefor it amounts to you putting words in his mouth . 
   even if he meant moroccans who commit crimes instead of just moroccans in general , he 's still making the distinction between moroccans and other people . 
  that was not what we disagreed about . 
  it was the nuance in deporting everybody who is morrocan ad random , or deporting double passport holders who commit crime . 
  while both can be argued to be wrong , pretty sure we all agree one is a lot more wrong than the other whatever way you see it . 
  you can chain your wife/girlfriend to the chair if she 's misbehaving , these hooks are common in germany . 
  usually found on kitchen chairs , with chains just long enough to reach the sink and the stove , but they can be adjusted in length . 
   how would you reduce the number of moroccans otherwise ? 
  but i 'll concede , he did n't specifically say they should be deported . 
  however he still made the distinction between moroccans and other people who live here . 
  that 's the question we both agree follows from his statements . 
  how would you reduce it ? 
  obviously the first thing that comes to mind is deportation . 
  however he has in the past specified that he wants to deport maroccans with double passports who committed crimes . 
  that would reduce the number of morrocans , ergo i think it is more fair to imply * that * is what he meant , then the deportation of all maroccans , since he neither said that , nor necessarily implied it . 
  yes he is , but somebody before him was n't taken seriously , and he was sift with bullets shortly before elections and died in the media park after an interview . 
  unfortunately you can not talk about some things in the netherlands without being killed and need protection to avoid being killed . 
   how can you make that nuance out ? 
   since he has voiced this stance before . 
  and reporters ca n't : that 's not surprising . 
  he did n't say he would deport people , you implied that . 
  seeing as he mentioned before his speech that people with double passports should be deported if they commit crimes , that 's what he would be refering to since it is what he has actually said , not what you made up . 
  he was advocating for deportation of people with double passports who commit crimes . 
  an important nuance . 
  9 [ seats indeed ] ( https://www.eerstekamer.nl/fracties ) , that would certainly be a problem . 
   so the budget cuts started in the 60 's ? 
  interesting . 
   there was a need for it then to counter the ussr . 
   german and dutch command would disagree . 
  except they would n't . 
   ah nevermind , you just got a particular hate for germany . 
  have a nice day then . 
  i 'm sorry that you have take it all so personal . 
  absolutely , he 's essentially a prisoner in his own life , confined to guards , bullet proof vests during media campaigns , needs to prepare and organize every appointment he has etc. 
  i do n't care what he/she said , or you for that matter . 
  no not cooperation , budget cuts . 
  we have no meaningful cooperation with each other . 
  as far as isolationism , not particularly , while we should n't make ourselves dependent on others , cooperation is good with some countries , like the us , belgium , luxemburg , denmark , and the uk for example . 
  i 'm fine with the us deterrent , the us hegemony over europe is what keeps the peace around here . 
  it 's no doubt intentional . 
  having said that , his career certainly has had a visible effect on his health the past years . 
  they 've been the biggest party in polls since the last ice age , yet actual polls see them getting much less votes then anticipated . 
  and even if they would become the largest party , there 's pretty much zero chance they could form a government unless they get 50 % + of the votes , which is extremely unlikely to ever happen . 
  no need to get your panties in a twist . 
  and that 's worse enough as it is , a result of endless budget cuts . 
  they sway up and down in polls , in elections they 're not getting that much votes , but certainly are a medium-sized party in terms of actual seats . 
  ( though they 've lost a couple due to members leaving the party last years ), 
  dear god , that photo . 
  that 's spanish . 
  for the rest of europe like your neighbours such ` restructuring ' would be a deterioration of our security , not an improvement . 
  what 's to say you would n't have another go with it . 
  you felt absolutely fine villifying the greeks and others , if there ever would be a strong german army again what 's to say you would n't do militarily what you enjoy doing economically/politically . 
  the potential is still there , it 's a cultural thing . 
   also it 's not important since ypg = pkk already . 
  and akp = isis already ? 
  willen we meer of minder bommen ? 
   `` i do n't care , they can marry but i wo n't bother to vote '' . 
  that 's not support . 
  people who do n't vote do n't support it . 
  oh my , i red that wrong . 
  the data is from before the referendum . 
  the irish referendum was in may 2015 , the dataset is from 2013 , 2014 and 2015 . 
  1-2 % seems acceptible , 20 % makes this poll completely worthless . 
  yes , but people are only concerned about russia , while turkey is the only country militarily occupying and threatening eu members . 
  in a referendum only 62 % of the irish supported it , not 80 % . 
  just shows how misleading many polls are . 
  i thought the fiscal compact were also a set of commonly agreed rules . 
  funny how nobody ever applied them , but supposedly * this * is the first time . 
  mr juncker is basically a breathing shit factory . 
  he 's not becoming prime-minister , there 's not enough support for him in the proportional representation system because he needs a coalition and has n't exactly build up any good will with other parties . 
  if he ever would be an inch away , they will assassinate him like pim fortuyn . 
  it was , and the vote was a scam , but a legitimate vote would still see a solid majority voting for russia . 
   polling by the razumkov centre in 2008 found that 63.8 % of crimeans ( 76 % of russians , 55 % of ukrainians , and 14 % of crimean tatars , respectively ) would like crimea to secede from ukraine and join russia and 53.8 % would like to preserve its current status , but with expanded powers and rights . 
  this is from a ukrainian think tank . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/razumkov_centre )  undp in crimea conducted series of polls about possible referendum on joining russia with a sample size of 1200 : 2011 q4 [ 38 ] 65.6 % poll by the united nations development program said 65,6 % would support joining russia .
