   houston , we have a problem ... more like * even apeldoorn bellen . 
  he could 've a lot of help in germany which might be hiding him or even smuggling him over borders . 
  the ngo 's would still be there providing the free ride . 
  it 's too late , it 's a million dollar business now with many europeans getting very rich from the transit fees . 
  it 's called class justice . 
  when you steal a bread from the supermarket you 're a criminal , when you steal $ 400 million from the state you 're a politician . 
   isis is n't controlling eu borders the problem is that nobody is . 
   in 1962 indonesia launched a significant campaign of airborne and seaborne infiltrations against the disputed territory , beginning with a seaborne infiltration launched by indonesian forces on 15 january 1962 . 
  the indonesian attack was comprehensively defeated by dutch forces including the dutch destroyers evertsen and kortenaer , the so-called vlakke hoek incident . 
  [ 7 ] amongst the casualties was the indonesian deputy chief of the naval staff ; commodore yos sudarso . 
  unbeknown to the indonesians , dutch signals intelligence had been able to intercept indonesian communications , allowing dutch forces to successfully anticipate indonesia 's infiltration attempts throughout 1962 . 
  [ 8 ] forced to regroup , the indonesians relaunched their campaign of infiltrations in march 1962 . 
  in the coming months over 500 indonesian paratroops and special forces were covertly inserted into netherlands new guinea , only to be decisively defeated by dutch forces with the assistance of the indigenous population . 
  [ 9 ] following the indepedence of indonesia in 1949 after a military intervention was suspended under political pressure ( the netherlands would be excluded from the marshall plan if we did not withdraw from indonesia ) we kept new guinea , which had led to constant tensions with the new state of indonesia which eventually attempted to invade it in 1962 . 
  though the defense was succesful , the ussr issued an ultimatum to the netherlands and send 12 submarines to sink any vessel that remained in new guinea . 
  the netherlands gave new guinea to the un which would transition it to indonesia , but due to the local population being pro-dutch the indonesians repressed the communities , which fled to the netherlands . 
  ( among which chinese ) they later started migration programs to dilute new guinea much like northern cyprus . 
  the dead are n't even cold yet and you 're already downplaying events that are anything but normal . 
   adequate for the want or need ; sufficient for the purpose or to satisfy desire : enough water ; noise enough to wake the dead . 
   that 's not nice . 
  no it 's berlin, 
  yanks is a derogatory term is it not ? 
  you would n't use that except if you want to insult someone . 
  there 's no doubt a lost russian community to be found somewhere along the border , they can play the role of belgian germans . 
  agreed . 
  dutch state broadcaster published a recording of the event , it 's in the thread here . 
  minister of foreign affairs probably . 
  sorry , but it 's still as incorrect now as it was a couple of replies back . 
  nope , it refers to 2 provinces , north and south holland . 
  if that 's what you 're refering to then it is correct , otherwise it is wrong . 
  if you speak about the whole country , all 12 provinces and 3 special municipalities , it 's called ` nederland ' or ` netherlands ' in english , ` niederlande ' in german and so on . 
  not yet , shooter is still inside . 
  damn ... two netherlandses in scandinavia . 
  maybe one can be belgium ? 
  does n't finland have a region where they speak swedish and which has regional autonomy ? 
   link to dutch nos article with photograph ( graphic ! ) . 
  there 's multiple casualties on the ground . 
  you flatter yourself , you 're not annoying , the name you use is simply incorrect/wrong and refers to a small portion of the country . 
  that 's pretty bad , hope he survives . 
  no but that part is covered by it being wrong . 
   no worries dutchbros , you can always come live with us !, 
  would rather drown . 
  that 's why we first converted the sea into a lake , and only reclaimed it afterwards . 
  it 's still wrong . 
  historic relations to the region through indonesia and other historic trade-outposts and colonies . 
  during the race riots/wars the indonesians also hunted chinese down because they were seen as dutch collaberators , many fled to the netherlands as a result . 
  this lasted until the war between the netherlands and indonesia in 1962 . 
  once you have a community there remains interaction between it and china . 
  the netherlands is also pretty popular in asian culture , china for example build copies of dutch cities for tourist attractions and japanese celebrate the arrival of the dutch every year with dutch flags and mock-up ships . 
  because provinces had their own foreign possesions . 
  for example new york was at some point owned by zeeland . 
  you should just call us nederland/netherlands or nederlandene if that 's the danish deformation of that . 
  holland are 2 provinces , the netherlands has 12 provinces , 3 special municipalities and 3 countries . 
  calling it ` holland ' is wrong , just like calling denmark ` sealand ' is wrong . 
  then hungarian is wrong . 
  many other languages do it right . 
  only some people do it wrong . 
  many people do it right . 
  holland refers to woodlands ( holt land ) . 
  the netherlands/nederland refers to ` the low lands ' . 
   they only visit the beaches in summer , but they 're here year-round . 
  my condolences , did n't know it was that bad in the east . 
  ah good old flat finland , the netherlands of scandinavia . 
  it 's the highest point in the netherlands , not exactly cheating . 
  and it 's as much part of the netherlands as amsterdam . 
  it is also the highest point in the kingdom . 
   what are all these german flairs defending nazis doing here ... 
  it appears as though the thread has been brigaded by stormfront or something . 
   not in this particular case . 
  you were n't talking about this particular case . 
  you were litally talking about * offshore * tax havens . 
   it 's not a problem limited to the monetary union , it 's a problem related to the eu ( actually the eea which is a bit wider ) . 
  related to but not limited to . 
  if it would 've been such a problem , people would 've taken care of it before opening the borders . 
   this term is very hurting . 
  it is supposed to be , you 're a bad person . 
   most resistance were indiscriminate and i understand why , i would too just read the fucking article . 
  you understand nothing . 
  which does n't stop them . 
   that 's the main reason the monetary union is so dysfunctional . 
   that would mean the monetary union is ill-concieved and unsustainable . 
   this is a gaping hole in policy , allowing countries like luxembourg and ireland to act like offshore tax havens within the union and putting small businesses at a great disadvantage . 
  countries outside the monetary union are just as able to do the same ( bermuda , panama what have you ) , it is not a problem limited to the monetary or even european union as you try to put it . 
  he was weak and frail , his response to radicalisation and similar issues in amsterdam was to drink tea with hate-preachers , antisemites and the like . 
  they would convince him of all sorts of things and he would listen . 
  this tea drinking as he called it became a national joke , and ` tea drinkers ' an insult to a sizable group within the political left who have no integrity , morality or ethics of their own . 
  good thing we do n't have a fiscal union then . 
  but i suppose this is something the creators of the monetary union have taken into account and did n't find a problem for the monetary union , otherwise i expect they would not have stepped into such a union . 
  another nazi apologist i see , no shortage of that here . 
  the resistance did not murder indiscriminate , they targeted people who ratted out jews , executed people or something similar . 
  yes she committed a crime , that 's what made her a hero . 
  as far as conscripts , if you 're in an occupying force , you 're fair game to be killed . 
  conscript or not . 
  comparable to labour under tony blair . 
  corbyn-labour is more sp-like indeed . 
   dublin government argues it should be allowed to choose how much it levies on foreign companies dublin is allowed to choose what it levies , it is however not allowed to choose what company a is levied and what company b is levied . 
  looks like somebody got out of his bed on the wrong foot this morning . 
  vvd will work with them if wilders retracts his statement about less moroccans . 
  and when one sheep is over the dam ... 
  the right is also splintering with new parties , some of which are former pvv parliamentarians .
