  to avoid california dictating things to missouri which might hurt , insult or anger them , missouri is given relatively a bit more say to avoid the balance of power being too disproportionate . 
  it 's really rather innocent if you want to remain a single state . 
  same thing is done in the eu , if every citizen had the same vote-weight , malta for example would have no seat in the european parliament , none at all . 
  that 's why a maltese voter has like 13 times the influence a british voter has ( d ) . 
   no , it is n't . 
  the us has shown it will keep the union together by force . 
  the other states would never consent to it . 
  also , scotus ruled unilateral secession unconstitutional . 
  in the 19th century , in the 21st century it is extremely doubtful the us government is going to hold states hostage which have more guns than citizens . 
   remain campaign lied . 
  i 'm shocked . 
   a british emigrant is an expat  a european emigrant is an immigrant emigrant and immigrant have 2 different meanings . 
  emigrant is somebody moving away from you , immigrant is somebody moving to you . 
  a british pensioner in madrid is an emigrant to a brit and an immigrant to a spanish . 
  you 're awfully full of yourself , just to be clear you 're not worth a dime more than somebody from kansas , missouri or mississippi . 
   um , states have left the union before , do you want to know what happened after that ? 
  that was a whole different situation . 
  it 's perfectly possible for part of the us to go independent peacefuly . 
   they would have the same amount of power that anybody else would have , they would n't . 
  the population is centered in a couple of states , the other states do n't want to be dictated by some city-hippies who think a cow is made on a factory belt in china . 
   that means war . 
  i would be better off without them , though . 
  that does not mean war , it means self-determination . 
  they would be better off without you too no doubt . 
  he is , that 's why we should leave too . 
  you realize there are different people in the uk right ? 
  a rather simple perspective you have there . 
  how groot ? 
  2 meter ? 
  values occasionally transcend communities but they 're never a continental thing . 
  when you 've outgrown basing your perspective on a childrens game you 'll understand . 
  yes they barricaded themselves in a building and set themselves on fire , and plunged themselves flat dead on the tarmac . 
  those that survived the fall even asked bystanders to beat them to death that last bit . 
  all under the pro-ukrainian choir singing ` die , die , die ' just for the hollywood mood , they were probably asked to provide a tune too . 
  there 's nothing disputed here except your sanity . 
  the small states get that bit of power because they would otherwise have none . 
  if you think you 're better of without those states you should try and push for independence of the coastal states . 
   because there was simply no reason to lean on anything once the ussr collapsed . 
  so you do not need us guarantees . 
  yet somehow potus questioning that guarantee is ` shocking europe ' . 
  who 's wrong here , you , or your politicians ? 
  the police was killed too . 
  to be precise 18 ukrainian police offers were murdered by protestors . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_people_killed_during_euromaidan#police_officers.27_deaths ), 
  there 's nothing disputed about the fire in the trade union building of odessa in 2014 which killed 48 pro-russian odessans , burned alive and forced to jump to their death . 
  germans did very little themselves to ` achieve ' this . 
  it 's inherent to a better geography and better climate . 
  competitiveness is n't limited to the people in a country . 
  for a long time a country 's trade surplus was compensated with mechanisms like tariffs and currencies . 
  we swore those off between each other in the eu and did not offer an alternative , but the bear economic system as we know it will inevitably lead to centralisation of everything unless we counteract . 
  then we must conclude that germany is just in a better position than france . 
  without a replacement to the traditional balancing mechanisms this is going to drag on for as long as you can carry on in france . 
  i think italy is too groot , even for grootnederland ^ ( cr ) . 
  though i must concise that indonesia was a lot bigger than italy . 
  let 's do it then , let 's assemble the knil , koning willem will lead hem into victory with a glorious revolution ^ ( cr ), 
  any better argument than his flair ? 
   \u00b7 the president of ukraine may be removed from office by the verkhovna rada of ukraine by the procedure of impeachment , in the event that he or she commits state treason or other crime . 
  \u00b7 the issue of the removal of the president of ukraine from office by the procedure of impeachment is initiated by the majority of the constitutional composition of the verkhovna rada of ukraine . 
  \u00b7 to conduct the investigation , the verkhovna rada of ukraine establishes a special temporary investigatory commission whose composition includes a special procurator and special investigators . 
  \u00b7 the conclusions and proposals of the temporary investigatory commission are considered at a meeting of the verkhovna rada of ukraine . 
  \u00b7 for cause , the verkhovna rada of ukraine , by no less than two-thirds of its constitutional composition , adopts a decision on the accusation of the president of ukraine . 
  \u00b7 the decision on the removal of the president of ukraine from office by the procedure of impeachment is ** adopted by the verkhovna rada of ukraine by no less than three-quarters of its constitutional composition , ** after the review of the case by the const itutional court of ukraine and the receipt of its opinion on the observance of the constitutional procedure of investigation and consideration of the case of impeachment , and the receipt of the opinion of the supreme court of ukraine to the effect that th e acts , of which the president of ukraine is accused , contain elements of state treason or other crime . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://www.coe.int/t/dghl/cooperation/ccpe/profiles/ukraineconstitution_en.asp ) total members of the parliament ; 450 votes for impeachment ; 328 votes needed ; 338 [ 2 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/impeachment_in_ukraine#impeachment_of_viktor_yanukovych ) therefor the president of ukraine was not impeached in a lawful matter . 
  in fact he was later deposed on the basis that he could no longer execute his job after they hunted him and drove him into fleeing . 
  he was n't impeached in a constitutional manner , that was not possible because not enough mp 's were in parliament . 
  violence does , do n't think the russians used any actual terror like burning people alive as the ukrainians did . 
  but they probably did n't envision the donbass being so divided , crimea went extremely well and peaceful , the other half ended up in open warfare . 
  you stole our color , we should be orange . 
  europeans are not having children and are accepting mass immigration . 
  many people will become a minority in their own country in a couple of decades . 
  there are no other shared values in europe . 
  ethics are a cultural thus national thing , morals are an individual thing , values differ from community to community and individual to individual . 
  i do n't think it eased the stranglehold the car lobby ( or other big business for that matter ) has on politics in europe , they 're just no longer immune . 
  i too am grateful for the american justice system , but just wait until the european commission is going to throw your bread and butter under the bus as leverage for the car lobby in a potential trade stand-off . 
  that 's not nationalism , that is patriotism . 
  nationalism is the strife for a people 's own state and independence . 
   first :  armanian  armenian . 
  republic of armani , southern neighbour of georgio . 
  she put the car lobby ahead of the environment and public health , i doubt she really intends to put something less important like ` eu values ' suddenly ahead of them . 
   i can not figure out why , exactly , there is a russophilic element to western far-right parties and politicians . 
  that 's because you ca n't figure out what ` russophilic ' means . 
   i will recognize ~ ~ alsace-lorraine ~ ~ as part of germany '' * elsa\u00df-lothringen *, 
  i 'm not even shocked by such statements anymore when you see what kind of people hang around here in quite substantial numbers . 
  and germany committed genocide against the russians . 
  part of the price they paid for that is losing kaliningrad . 
  not so different from kosovo . 
  is n't that projected to be the case for the majority of europe ? 
  to the ignorant one , and we can refrain from taking any of those seriously on the subject of a country they could n't even name properly . 
   i 'm most looking forward to the search and rescue portion , were distress beacons can be picked up , that 's not a great technical ability , nor is it even new . 
  so i suppose there are no great technical abilities . 
   the completed galileo constellation will also have better coverage in the northern tip of europe , which you can imagine is going to get very important as sea traffic increases due to the retreating ice caps . 
  that will have to be proven some day , glonass might be a better alternative for that . 
  it does n't need to be ` unmade one ' . 
  that 's great for those academics . 
  does n't make it one . 
   which is very sad given the great technical abilities of the galileo project compared with the aging gps constellation . 
  what great technical abilities exactly ? 
  so far galileo ca n't compete with either glonass or gps on actual positioning . 
   there is no common or legal classification for the european union ( eu ) . 
  however , it does bear some resemblance to both a confederation [ 15 ] ( or a `` new '' type of confederation ) and a federation .
