  bosnia has always been largely secular . 
  all religious groups , not just muslims . 
   do you think university suspending classes during prayer is secular ? 
  bosnia * was * secular , the question is wether it remain being so . 
  remember women in afghanistan enjoyed the beach in a bikini 40 years ago . 
  islam is at war with itself , the question is wether bosnia will be able to defend itself from it or turn into one of its battlegrounds too . 
   the netherlands are not some one-way dumping ground for people ye do n't want . 
  that 's exactly what we are . 
  of course they can . 
  careful with the difference between ` can not ' and ` will not ' , they may appear the same , but they are not . 
  that 's changing though , the internal war of the islamic world following its identity crisis facing a modern world is reaching all of islams ' shores . 
  i do n't think even bosnia will be immune to its fall-out . 
  yes let 's give other countries some of that belgian incompetence too , it 's too good not to share between ourselves . 
  spain does n't have a big muslim population . 
  smaller than belgium , smaller than france , smaller than the netherlands , smaller than the uk . 
  you pretty much have the smallest muslim community in western europe . 
  stop making stuff up to fit your narrative . 
  the system monitors driving behavior as mentioned . 
  you will be pulled over by the military police at all times , they 're the ones that provide the mobile border controls . 
  the exact abilities of the system are secret . 
  the military does not comment on the exact abilities , they admitted only it searches for behaviour ( how you drive ) what kind of car you drive ( license , color , type ) where the car comes from ( country symbol on plate ) . 
  the system has more sensors than just camera 's too , facial recognition can be expected to be part of the abilities of the system . 
  the system itself profiles every passer ( where the car comes from , is it for example a french car , who owns it , what kind of occupation does he/she have , is the owner driving ? 
  does the owner have a criminal record etc. 
  etc. ), 
  all this information is stored for 30 days in a database . 
  if your profile is interesting you will be pulled over by the military police couple of miles down the road . 
  the system is subject to strutiny , the eu is challenging it for violating schengen , and the un is challenging it for racism . 
  ( passers are profiled based on ethnicity ) all highways have the static system , smaller roads are patrolled by undercover military police vehicles with the system on board . 
  for the smaller roads there are 6 mobile migo-boras systems which roulate . 
  you 're full of shit , couple of dozen roads , there are n't that many at all . 
  oh yes , it 's much better than holed gravel roads . 
  it 's a hard surface that drives smoothly , you should try it once if you visit the netherlands . 
  you can switch from 4wd low gearing to 2wd regular gearing in your standard belgian car too , will save you some gas . 
  no , not that much . 
  it 's also easier putting people on these roads when the bigger ones are covered electronically . 
  a74 tegelen ( south of venlo ) and a67 venlo ( more north ) both have the system . 
  these camera 's do n't only scan license plates , they 're part of the military and intelligence information system . 
  they can pick up a whole lot more indicators , which would n't be send to regular police either . 
  better to live in the uk then in germany . 
  these camera 's recognize ethnicity too . 
  they do a whole lot more . 
  ( which is why they 're very controversial at the un because they are essentially fully automated profilers who can be set to profile based on ethnicity ) for example a friend of mine teaches refugees , we 've been in germany twice , both times we were stopped by the military police over the dutch border because she is a risk group for traficking etc. 
  there are not that many border crossings . 
  roads already have camera 's everywhere wether that 's in the hague or on the border , or somewhere in the middle , these particular ones ( migo-boras system ) are incorporated into the military police and intelligence services and have a lot more abilities than normal camera 's . 
  you are supposed to carry either an id card or passport * at all times * . 
  though inside the netherlands a drivers license is sufficient too ( not for schengen though ) failure to present one when asked as a dutch citizen in the netherlands will cost you $ 90 . 
  europe does n't want to strengthen the external borders , there 's little choice but to strengthen the internal ones . 
  a process that has already been on going in case you have n't noticed . 
  notice [ anything ] ( http://www.bermtoerist.org/images/a67-cameras/20110525-153500-edit.jpg ) ? 
  you would need to use a car that is not related to you . 
  cars that cross the border in the netherlands are scanned by the border camera 's . 
  license plates related to a fugitive would be a red flag to police . 
  they 're not responsible , the conversation was not about holding people responsible either . 
  the uk is doing significantly better , and better yet , they did n't need to destroy other countries for it and condemn a generation to stagnation , impoverishment , technocracy and emigration . 
   if there is any country in the eurozone that should be on the same currency as germany , would n't france be near the top of that list ? 
  hmm no , that would not mean that . 
  keeping an arms length distance should be enough , it worked in germany . 
   how would you screen them ? 
  gender quota 's , education levels , knowledge of languages etc. 
   terrorists would know how to behave and answer questions , maybe this is bullshit , but i read that the koran allows them to lie if it 's for good reasons or whatever . 
  screening is not seeking to part terrorist from non-terrorist , screening makes sure you get a balanced , limited flow of immigrants . 
  some , not all . 
  that terrorists can still come in without much effort . 
  glad i never celebrate nye in germany if this is normal there . 
   this has absolutely nothing to do with immigration . 
  you sure about that ? 
  if the title did n't say malmo i would have thought the video was recorded in baghdad or whereabouts . 
   finland is in the eu , as such it has to offer the same employment benefits ( and unemployment benefits ) to anyone from any eu country who decides to move there . 
   it does not . 
  countries already have separate rules for eu citizens . 
  this is a bit different than ` throwing rotjes ' or ` shooting roman candles ' at each other . 
  fireworks are occasionally misused , sometimes dangerously so . 
  but this is a completely different level that does not happen her . 
  it 's not so much throwing everything everywhere as it is deliberately aiming fireworks at bystanders . 
  euhm , no . 
  this is not normal . 
  well congratulations , i guess . 
  if you want to live of of 560 euro in finland go ahead . 
  i would rather have a bit more content in my life , and would n't be able to afford my hobbies if i would have to . 
  by the way this would never be for the eu to implement , only national . 
   then germans from germany should be able to understand swiss german and they can . 
  unlike greeks who would need a eurozone bail-out if somebody is to have a vaccination . 
  oh yes , life must be so much better than the states down there in the aegean . 
  the former ussr states like latvia are perhaps , western europe never stopped being a social democracy . 
  and where would you get a finnish passport from ? 
  upper german is a set of german dialects . 
  it is not a language . 
  believe in spirits by the monarchs/presidents is n't uncommon . 
  there are ghost stories of the white house too . 
   in 1942 when wilhelmina of the netherlands heard footsteps outside her white house bedroom and answered a knock on the door , only to see lincoln in frock coat and top hat standing in front of her ( she promptly fainted ) . 
  [ 16 ] --------  british prime minister winston churchill loved to retire late , take a long , hot bath while drinking a scotch , and smoke a cigar and relax . 
  on this occasion , he climbed out of the bath and naked , but for his cigar , walked into the adjoining bedroom . 
  he was startled to see lincoln standing by the fireplace in the room , leaning on the mantle . 
  churchill , always quick on the uptake , simply took his cigar out of his mouth , tapped the ash off the end of his cigar and said `` good evening , mr. president . 
  you seem to have me at a disadvantage . '', 
  lincoln smiled softly , as if laughing and disappeared . 
  churchill smiled in embarrassment . 
  [ 17 ] --  theodore roosevelt [ 14 ] and maureen reagan and her husband [ 15 ] have all claimed to have seen a spectral lincoln in the white house . 
  a number of staff members of the franklin d. roosevelt administration claimed to have seen lincoln 's spirit , [ 10 ] and on one occasion roosevelt 's personal valet ran screaming from the white house claiming he had seen lincoln 's ghost .
