  this is going to give mark rutte a popularity boost , not wilders . 
  since when are bodyguards allowed to be armed in the netherlands ? 
  they should be arrested and convicted for illegal possesion of arms . 
  but i had a feeling as such when i saw pictures of military grade men and women moving to the convoy . 
  it 's generally not normal when people with nightvision and assault rifles come to a protest . 
  good , out with her . 
  she 's being escorted by 12-15 vehicles of the anti terrorist unit ( dsi ) . 
  is she a diplomat though ? 
  the minister of foreign affairs , probably , but the minister of turkish family business ? 
  that would be illegal if the holder of the passport does not have another passport . 
  ( illegal , but still customary in some cases , i.e. 
  war time law ) assuming australia is a signatory at least , there 's a treaty that more or less prohibits making people stateless . 
  she does n't have immunity , in fact she 's declared persona non grata now , that 's why police stopped her from entering the consulate . 
  in the consulate she would have immunity ( because it 's off limits ) anyway , she 's arrested , her cars are confiscated by police , she 's in police custody on the way to be deported to germany . 
  i doubt it 's unconstitutional or illegal to henceforth not allow double passports anymore . 
  after all , we are in the netherlands not allowed to have double passports . 
  there are just a few exceptions to the rule ( like turks and moroccans ) and these exceptions need to be removed . 
  international law says nothing on the subject except that you should not make people stateless . 
  she 's arrested now , she 's being deported to germany in police custody . 
  i supported a no exceptions one-passport only policy before this , but if this help persuade people , all the better . 
  is german speaking turks better perhaps ? 
  i take it that 's denk-speak for ` having hard time to get erdogan on the phone at the moment , waiting for akp instructions ' . 
  well they 're [ sending some more serious ] ( https://twitter.com/robertpbas/status/840695096542658561 ) people to the ministers convoy now . 
  that 's because it was censored . 
  the us gave an extradition request to the netherlands for the arrest of a former head of venezuelan military intelligence residing in aruba for drug traficking . 
  they arrested him , and while they arrested him venezuela decided to grant him diplomatic immunity . 
  the diplomatic status was refused by our ministry of foreign affairs , consequently the venezuelan navy entered the kingdoms sovereign waters and ` op de valreep ' ( ach fuck it ik ga over op nederlands ) werd hij vrijgelaten , het land uitgezet , en is nu ` persona non grata ' . 
  the dutch embassy and consulate are on lock-down at the moment . 
  there 's indeed staff inside , nobody is allowed in or out . 
  this is not a hard stance , nor induced by wilders , this stance will not change . 
  nobody wants to have a bunch of warmongers riling up disconnected people here to ravage up our most important city . 
  not even the lefties . 
  there ; s unanimous support among dutch politicians for the current policy , there 's no opposition to what 's happening now except from the dutch akp/greywolves party denk . 
  state is the word you 're looking for . 
  country generally implies a sovereign state . 
  but a state does n't have to be sovereign . 
  country is sometimes also used for non-sovereign polities , but that does n't make it technically correct . 
  probably the only way for them to gather a mob of 600 . 
  i do n't know , just going by the live-blog here . 
  maybe they 're there for escalation , or protecting other embassies/institutes , beats me . 
  there are german turks there too for some reason . 
  at least the youth branche of the vvd ( ruling party ) now calls for an end to turkish candidate status . 
  hope the rest follows . 
  partially , yes . 
  no doubt in stereo with the government , but he deserves credit . 
  they 've both mostly . 
  jea those , but far more annoyingly their percieved right to your money . 
  and that sort of paraphrased garbage . 
  oh i 'll survive the gibberish rant , as long as its the rare specimen it should n't be a problem . 
  it 's already too late for that , the crowd attacked and overrun police cordons . 
  edit ; they 're charging as we speak . 
  me = mobiele eenheid ( mobile squad ) , the riot squad of the police . 
  do n't know how else to call them , they 're those with armour , shields , helmets and sticks you see in every country when there 's a protest . 
  an me charge is those guys running in formation into a crowd to disperse or move it . 
  but there 's marechaussee now too to add to the complexity . 
  they 're gathering for a charge apparently , there 's police on horses and dogs as well now . 
  there 's military police and riot squad gathering at the moment , horses and dog brigades are at the scene . 
  they 'll start charging soon . 
  yes it is , i reported him . 
  it 's up to the mods . 
  yes , but the plane would have to land somewhere if it does n't have enough fuel . 
  maybe the airforce can hand them over to france to land in paris or something , but it 's unlikely anyone would be willing to help in this occasion . 
  unbeliever/sinner to muslims . 
   it 's strange only now the dutch government decided to not negotiate with dictators . 
  strange timing right ? 
  it 's appalling the amount of permissiveness that one takes to a `` patriotic '' populist line of thinking . 
  negotiations were halted after turkey threatened with sanctions . 
  they do n't negotiate with people who threaten , seems like a fine policy . 
   rutte has the option of not choosing the populist course of action and try to defuse the situation . 
   rutte has a responsibility to ensure order , rule of law and safety . 
  all of which is threatened by the turkish government . 
   restrict the freedom of assembly of foreign dignitaries there 's no such thing , not for foreign dignitaries nor for anyone else . 
  please stop spreading bullshit . 
  an me charge is long overdue . 
   if you live in netherlands but still support akp then you 're a piece of shit anyway . 
  supporting an authoritarian/islamic party while you 're enjoying freedom in a country like netherlands ...  yes they are , but the subject of the matter is ` turks ' here , people who do n't vote at all for turkish elections may still feel as if the term applies to them . 
  it gets better , there 's a stalemate with a dozen security agents protecting the turkish minister . 
  if they keep acting like this we might not need wilders to act accordingly , even the professional politicians have limits to their patience . 
  lot of allah hu akbar and related chants . 
  ca n't blame you , lot of conflicting reports . 
  a convoy was stopped , but apparently it was a decoy and the minister was in another convoy , which was also stopped . 
  the turkish minister is being stopped by police but she has a dozen security agents protecting her . 
  she 's not allowed to enter the consulate , she 's in front of the consulate now but the door is cordoned off by police . 
  there 's rumors in turkey that erdogan is flying to the netherlands at the moment , do n't know if true though ( ca n't really trust anything from turkey ), 
  good reason to close the turkish embassy and evacuate it . 
  this kind of behaviour is not to be tolerated , not one inch of it . 
  no they 're not , they were n't before , and there 's an emergency mandate applied now . 
  good , they should add a non-travel recommendation to the list for turkey . 
  there 's no communicating with these people . 
  do n't thank me , i visited turkey once , and introduced a personal policy that i would henceforth only visit cyprus and greece in that area . 
  i found it a ghastly experience , rude people , they all speak the stereotypical dutch sentences and they 're offended all day long . 
  really ? 
  where did you read that ? 
  mh17 was what i called uncomfortably close , yes . 
  the days after we were uncomfortably close to an invasion in the caribbean with the venezuelan fleet entering the kingdoms sovereign water under threat of force . 
  being weak is giving your enemies a good reason to move against you . 
  having a deterrent is what is comfortable . 
  media , they circumvented the flying ban by going by car from germany to the netherlands . 
  rumors are she 's ordered to leave the country , the turkish consulate is now under an emergency mandate , nobody is allowed to come there except inhabitants . 
  stubborn bunch , glad the government is acting swiftly and prudently .
