  ) , and eurosceptic , pro keynesian economics , less disparity between rich and poor , universeral healthcare etc. 
  well that escalated quickly . 
  generally our politics are pretty civilized , but there are exceptions . 
  it is custom they shake hands before and after the debate though to kind of show ' i like you when i step up the stage , will maybe say mean things , but i like you again when i step off ' . 
  things can get pretty heated though , especially the labour leader could n't hold his wits together . 
  and i thought they had learned from their last hot-head . 
  forfront left - right , jesse klaver ( trudeau ) gl ( greens ) , sybrand van haersma buma cda ( christian democrats ) , emile roemer sp ( conservative socialist ) . 
  second row left - right , lodewijk asscher pvda ( labour ) , alexander pechtold d66 ( centre-left ) , geert wilders ( obvious ) . 
  third row left - right mark rutte vvd ( liberals ) , gert-jan segers cu ( christian union ) 4th row left - right marianne thiemen pvdd ( party of the animals ) , jan roos vnl ( alt-right ), 
   paraphrased from a nos article . 
  ` they considered sawing the car open ' . 
  [ armoured car in which kaya hid ] the towing plan definitely sounded more reasonable . 
   if the us president ( or even probably the vice presdient or a cabinet member ) visited netherlands , i 'm pretty sure they 'd have armed secret service people with them . 
  they would get specific permission to . 
   maybe there 's a specific treaty that allows this that turkey doesnt have with netherlands ? 
  you 're not allowed to be armed in the netherlands . 
  that the us president has guards that are armed is either because ; * guards are provided by the government , or ; * specific permission is given for armed guards she had neither . 
   i 've never heard of a local force telling them they could n't be armed . 
  that 's because the us is decent enough to plan their visits and acquire the necessary permits . 
  do n't worry , we only destroyed 2/3rds of the visible side . 
  the darkside is safe . 
  i do n't think anybody expects them to implement sanctions . 
  to be honest i had expected them yesterday , we just got some lousy response and big words that ` we 'll pay for it ' and all that , but disappointingly little actions from a figure idolizing his supposed strongman status . 
  no i just do n't know much about parliamentary history before ww2 . 
  it 's a major event in our history that 's considered like the start of the current era , if that makes any sense . 
  it 's important to understand the difference too , from the belgian crisis ( 1823 + / - pre-ww2 the netherlands was neutral , and our world consisted of us and our colonies ( indonesia , suriname , antilles ) . 
  we traded with them , that 's where our foreign policy happened , that 's where our relations were , and we had little to no interaction with europeans nor desire to . 
  after ww2 our whole world changed , we became a founding member of nato , we stepped into the european project , we amended our relations with belgium , we became a player in the international gears instead of the duke of our own turf . 
  not on long distances or open seas , that 's where we 're significantly stronger . 
  larger than ours on a quantity basis , smaller on a quality basis . 
  our ships are significantly larger and more advanced , our submarines are larger , our frigates our larger , hell our patrol boats are as large as the largest turkish surface combattant . 
  not to mention the auxiliary capacities . 
  i like how the name reflects on their creativity to this very day . 
  ` kicking ambulance personnel into the hospital ' [ ] normal [ x ] not normal ' ` learn to respect the police at home [ x ] normal [ ] not normal ' ` putting an arm around someone [ x ] normal [ ] not normal ' [ 1 ] ( http://cdn-02.dagelijksestandaard.nl/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/screen-shot-2017-01-30-at-20.47.47-1132x566.png ), 
  no , it 's up to parliament really to decide wether to remain trying or go for a revote . 
  do n't think that that ever happened since ww2 though . 
  but that 's not the case , parliamentarians , wether they 're in the government coalition or not , can propose laws , besides also voting on laws the coalition proposes . 
  so they do have a say , both on laws the government makes , as well as having the ability to make laws themselves . 
   my point is that if someone has the ability to understand what immigrants are ging through right now it 's people with immigrant backgrounds . 
  he has the ability to understand what immigrants were going through 40 years ago because that was passed genetically to him by being originally from suriname ? 
   and you 're putting words in my mouth i never said terrorism is the only reason or `` merely implied it '' yes you did imply that , you separated him from the rest of us and imposed a different standard on him by virtue of being of surinaams descent . 
   i do n't think they should carry the blame of what others did . 
  you merely imply it . 
   that 's why i think it 's unfair that they are giving the same treatment to people from the middle east that they got . 
  as if there 's no other reasons to oppose mass immigration than ` terrorism ' . 
  and now suddenly they collectively carry the blame for what other surinamers do ? 
  also what terrorism ? 
  are n't you confusing surinamers with mollukkers ( indonesians ) here , or did i miss something ? 
  not to mention suriname was part of the netherlands , a whole different form of migration than from some country we 've no relations with . 
  rather a dozen polands than one turkey if you ask me . 
  why would that be hypocritical ? 
  on this topic they 're suddenly no longer equal to us ? 
  talk about hypocrisy . 
  rutte is a good pm , but his party is less great . 
   but when you have a grievance you do n't vote out of spite to make your standing even worse ... you do when they do not have direct consequences like brexit or having trump as president . 
  you can safely vote for the pvv in the knowledge he wo n't be in the government . 
  seems like a bad timing to fuck up the hague now . 
   it will align with russia for a year or two . 
  turkey has never been able to maintain friendly relationships with a country , and erdogan and putin being cut from the same wood , though one having the iq of a shoe-size and the other a fair bit higher , wo n't last . 
  charming . 
  ja [ deze ] ( http://www.defencetalk.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/patriot-missile-launcher-diyarbakir.jpg ) apparaten , niet de 18e eeuwse republikeinen . 
  33 % of all journalists detained in the world , are detained by turkey . 
  making it the country which ths the most jailed journalists in the world . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://www.cpj.org/reports/2016/12/journalists-jailed-record-high-turkey-crackdown.php ), 
  too bad they did n't have you . 
  democracy is long gone in turkey , there 's no point over arguing about that anymore . 
  it was not even the ` not sending enough ' , it was the limitations to the armement . 
  at first the heaviest weapons were automatic machine guns , which were later removed due to being in violation of the nature of the mission . 
  these soldiers had nothing except a handrifle and unarmed apc 's , and they were being attacked by a fully mechanized brigade with mbt 's . 
  add to that that nato refused to give airsupport ( which would ironically be provided by dutch f16 's ) , and there was no sensible option but to surrender . 
  eventually the f16 's ignored nato command and bombed two armoured vehicles , but it was too late then . 
  hmmhm , fighting against t-72 's with a handgun . 
  that 's a sure way to collect your darwin award . 
  that 's an unrelated matter , i get where you 're coming from , but it 's hardly related to this conflict . 
  the eu does n't sanction turkey primarily because the us would n't allow it , and because nobody would support it . 
  that 's your problem . 
  i do n't care about the turkish referendum . 
  what matters is that if you want to hold a rally here , you follow our laws and do so by the book , or you 're not welcome . 
  whatever kind of result that has for his support among the voters is none of our concern . 
  we 're not breaking our laws or giving in to blackmail and threats just so that he ca n't make enemies of us . 
  what sort of principles would we serve by implementing sanctions ? 
  let them ravage and foam at the mouth , just ignore them , they can come back when they 've learned some manners and are ready to make amends . 
  also this is something between us and turkey , not between the eu and turkey . 
   strange that you think i do not know a lot about what happened . 
  that is not that strange when you reread your previous reply . 
  three things stand out here ; * turkey was offered 3 posssiblities to hold a rally here , including with a minister , and also at the consulate * there have been no electoral shifts caused by the event , all parties unanimously support the government * our pm never said ` fuck you ' or anything similar , he has been level-headed on the matter since the start what happened however is that ; * turkey denied the possibilities that were offered for a campagne rally * turkey threatened with sanctions if we did n't allow it to do their way * netherlands ceased negotiations with turkey saying threats were an ` unacceptible code of conduct in diplomacy ' * turkey decided to go through without cooperation of the local government , landing rights were revoked * turkish minister illgegally enters country with two convoys , one containing 12 armed guards which amounted to an illegal show of force and required the deployment of anti-terrorist units , and one as a decoy . 
  given all this if you still manage to respond as you did earlier , you 're either pretty dumb , or just do n't know the first thing about what happened . 
  he was sort of a scout , not directly in the security team , but he certainly had all the information . 
  anyway point is , none of what happened was motivated by electoral gain from our side . 
  it plays right into the turkish propaganda to pretend responding like this to threats , lies and attempts to wreck havock in rotterdam is some sort of electoral ploy of our government for the elections . 
  what they did is the very rudimentary responsibility of any functioning government , uphold law and order . 
  how would he do that ? 
  it 's not like schengen offers freedom of movement to the turkish armed forces , and half their navy fits in one vessel so it 's hardly fair to fight it out in the channel or north sea . 
  the patriots are home again , so he can ; t turn on our troops in turkey , and our airforce is in jordan , not turkey thank god . 
  you mean from his security detail ? 
  wilders is losing votes actually , he went from 14,5 % 7 days ago to 14,3 % today . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://peilingwijzer.tomlouwerse.nl/p/laatste-cijfers.html ) there seems to be no electoral change coming from this , as all parties unanimously support what happened . 
  like cyprus , northern syria/iraq and imia ? 
  nah , you guys can go vote for ` yes ' in the referendum , it 's your bed to lie in , make it as you will . 
  above all it is time for us to keep cool heads , as we 're going to be the only one able to .
