  i 'm with / u/rstcp on this one , i do n't see gl fitting in such a coalition . 
  labour would be possible ( hypothetically , if they would still have seats after the 15th of march ) gl is just more to the left of the center than labour . 
  vvd might become first , but if the left manages to block a coalition rutte does n't have to become the pm . 
  sp wo n't form a coalition with the vvd , and most likely not with d66 either , which would rule out a left-wing coalition as well . 
  you do n't need to listen . 
  understandibly so . 
  sweden pays money for all sorts of rich cosmopolitan hobbies , paying for other europeans , paying for all migrants , paying for all the worlds ' poor . 
  but when it comes to swedes themselves the purse is suddenly empty , and instead they 'll just force you to work for scraps and pennies if you do n't do so voluntarily . 
  i would certainly call that poverty . 
  you can just about take care of yourself with that kind of money , with no luxury or hobbies turning every euro twice . 
  yes . 
  in the netherlands parliamentarians have immunity for any and all speech within the confounds of the parliament . 
  no speech should be blocked in parliament . 
  especially not by the one ` controlling the mic ' . 
  idiots be idiots , if you let them speak , you 'll only help make themselves clear about what they are . 
  not if they would get the pvv to admit they were wrong . 
  50plus has been polling up to 10 seats by the way , i would like to see it different , but it 's hardly a fringe anymore . 
  besides she stated all parties stated they do n't want a coalition , which is wrong . 
  the only one who 's suffering from a misguided sense of superiority is you . 
  we are not culturally similar , and the systems are not exchangable . 
  of course you think it is better , you 're german . 
  but that 's already where we diverge . 
   yes . 
  polls in both cases have been rather accurate . 
  polls accurate in the netherlands ? 
  it may work if you 're voting between 2 candidates , but polls in the netherlands have never been accurate . 
  for example in the latest poll of 2012 the vvd was polled at 36 seats , they got 41 , sp was polled at 20 and they got 15 . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/tweede_kamerverkiezingen_2012#peilingen ) [ 2 ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/tweede_kamerverkiezingen_2012/peilingen ) that 's a 33 % difference , with a margin of error of that magnitude holding up a wet finger is just about as accurate . 
  germany also has a completely different mentality and social institutions . 
  much more based on authority and hierarchy . 
  in the netherlands the voice of the vegetables retailer resonates as loud as that of the ceo of ing . 
  people seem to forget that this is actually positive for their real election . 
  if pvv does well in polls they do worse in actual elections , if pvv does bad in polls , they 're more likely to do very well in elections . 
  it 's the protest vote that might drive him up . 
  that 's incorrect . 
  50 plus is willing to form a coalition , vnl has n't ruled it out , fvd wouldn ; ' t rule out any party , and the vvd has always been a bit back and forth about it . 
  all geert wilders needs to do is retract his statements about the ` less moroccans ' and the vvd would potentially be willing . 
  you do n't necessarily need 76 seats if you can get backing from a party willing to not participate in the government . 
  ( a minority coalition , or ` gedoogcoalitie ' ) past years have shown d66/cu is more than willing to support the government from parliament . 
  they currently also have a minority in the senate , so the coalition always required outside support . 
   paying 52 % of everything that you earn good thing that 's not the case . 
  you only pay 52 % over everything you earn in excess of $ 66.422 per year , and then still you 've general tax discount , labour discount and mortgage rate deduction . 
  thanks to the current government middle-earners now pay less taxes ( 41,95 -  40,15 % ) and low-earners pay more taxes ( 32,5 -  36,55 % ), 
  i doubt the vvd would do that . 
   which is why the current government has 75 seats , and why they had to find partners for every new law they intended to pass . 
  that has more to do with the coalition having a minority in the senate . 
  75 seats in parliament is n't an issue . 
  we 're different societies at the bone . 
  i `` m sure it would n't work in germany , and vice versa would n't be any better . 
  we 're a diverse and open society known for the poldermodel , we desire diverse representation and it works by compromise , ensuring most needs and wants are met . 
  a one party system with first past the post and/or threshold would n't work here . 
  but you 're german . 
  not everything is about money for all people . 
  many middle easterners will feel much more at home and comfortable in turkey then they would in germany . 
   because voting for a party from a country you re not even living is just fucking absurd . 
  of course , but they 're radicalised and massively support erdogan , much more so than real turks . 
  they would n't want to lose such a powerful electorate . 
  these 2m + migrants , likely to be actually a lot less since the turks include everyone in this figure , including those already in europe or who went back home and those with 13 identities , are people , not drones . 
  if erdogan ` releases them ' , which would be no different than the current situation , they wo n't suddenly go . 
  they only go when they want to , and that 's the current situation . 
   neither do you . 
   i do n't , which is why i quoted what she said , and now i do . 
  if you want to make stuff up to feel better , be my guest . 
  but expect to be called out on your bullshit . 
  that 's your spin to it . 
  only she knows why she moved , as she moved . 
  you do n't know it . 
  she said she moved due to political islam , so she moved due to political islam . 
  even before she finally immigrated , she stayed in the us for periods for safety reasons . 
  an honourable mention on the ` persona non grata ' list . 
  the minister could be refused entry into germany . 
  that 's the easy way at least . 
  / u/helemaalnicks is making stuff up . 
  she was placed inside a dutch military base after the murder of van gogh , after that a secured secret house , eventually she left because she could n't live like that anymore . 
  as said by herself . 
  no she left because she was no longer safe , as said by her herself . 
  for the english ;  ` the political islam made my life in the netherlands eventually impossible . 
  were it not for political islam , i would almost certainly still be dutch . ', 
  she lived on a military base fyi before she left , even while she lived in the us she still recieved security from the dutch government . 
  the last two political murders in the netherlands were done by a leftist and a muslim . 
  because people who have ` wrong ' political views are fair game to those who otherwise crap out an endless storm of ambivalent moralism . 
  $ 220 per month in sweden , that is an insult . 
   all of this can be done from land for a lot cheaper . 
   that 's the difference , we do n't all have a secluded , isolated approach like finland . 
  if you do n't do anything you do n't need anything . 
  i understand that thought confuses you if you 're not familiar with it . 
  this whole conversation is childish , but you have yourself to thank for that . 
  nothing , just like you do with the rest of the customs and defense force . 
  finland would n't even be able to afford a ship if it wanted to , and countries with navy 's have ships for varies tasks , including anti-surface warfare , intelligence , insurgency , anti-air warfare and countermeasures , and a few , including the netherlands , to transport troops , aircraft and materials for overseas operations . 
   and that 's completely useless when there 's only 150 km of very even land between st. petersburg and the finnish border . 
  yes because that 's all the service is , a punching bag for a potential russian invasion thumbing about wether it could hold out 7 or 8 days . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
  quite a difference from an army meant to give punches , not take them . 
   a land mine costs 50 cents a piece and takes 20 seconds to install . 
  i do n't expect a sea mine to cost much more . 
  that shows about how much you actually know about it . 
  we do n't need tanks , we 've other capabilities most except the big countries do n't have . 
  do n't make me laugh about that self defense force with a customs boat that has never seen a field more than 2 miles from its home , nor would it have anything to bring them there . 
  more specialized forces train in norway well below 0 conditions . 
  it has ships , amphibious capacities , expeditionary capacities , loads of experience , all more than can be said for finland or sweden which are even more laughable .
