  this happens every week or so . 
  ca n't really find the numbers , frisian women and men are respectively 2,4 and 2cm taller than southern dutch ( brabant/limburg ) but i ca n't find specific numbers . 
  anyway it 's a bullshit article , comparing the extremes to the averages is useless . 
   article 146 the president used to appoint one justice from high military court of appeals , and one from the high military administrative court . 
  as military courts are abolished , the number of justices in the constitutional court reduced to 15 from 17 . 
  consequently , presidential appointees reduced to 12 from 14 , while the parliament continues to appoint three . 
  -------  article 159 supreme board of judges and prosecutors is renamed to `` board of judges and prosecutors '' , members are reduced to 13 from 22 , departments are reduced to 2 from 3 . 
  4 members are appointed by president , 7 will be appointed by the grand assembly . 
  supreme board of judges and prosecutors ( hsyk ) candidates will need to get 2/3 ( 400 ) votes to pass first round and will need 3/5 ( 360 ) votes in second round to be a member of hsyk . 
  ( other 2 members are justice minister and ministry of justice undersecretary , which is unchanged ) . 
  -----  article 123 president gets power to create states . 
   article 104 the president becomes both the head of state and head of government , with the power to appoint and sack ministers and vp . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_constitutional_referendum,_2017#article_voting ), 
   `` there 's a problem at these , so we 're suspending uncontrolled access here '' . 
  due to the timing ( december-january ) i actually think they 're probing what they can do without getting into a legal fight , with a green light i expect the borders to shut down from july on when the routes open properly and another million come . 
  hmmhm , and luxemburg belongs in the asean . 
  it 's not like hungary is a member worth having or anything , if they hate the eu it would be better if they left . 
  saves the rest of the eu a lot of money and headaches . 
  i do n't think it 's fun at all , i think it 's very sad that the common border area failed due to some small minded egocentrist politicians . 
  it 's the only logical step . 
  if the external borders are wide open , the internal borders will slowly reappear again . 
  showing your passport means that schengen is dead though . 
  your freedom to travel is an eu right , your freedom to do so without identifying at the border is a schengen right . 
  i think that 's a pretty popular opinion , people have a short memory . 
  they 've forgotten what afghanistan or iraq was like 20 years ago . 
  mossos is not a military police nor army connected . 
  the koninklijke marechaussee are a military police and part of the military . 
  yes , the ` off ' is the ` offensive version ' as mentioned . 
  the military has defensive and offensive grenades , defensive grenades have maximum fragmentation , offensive grenades have minimum fragmentation and a shockwave . 
  apparently they procured the offensive version , either way this grenade is intended to and will be lethal in close quarters . 
  that 's why it is a military grenade . 
  a police grenade on the other hand does not fragmentate at all . 
  nah mate , we 're a long way past starting . 
  try flying on schiphol , or crossing the german-nl border a couple of times , you might think you 're in syria . 
  armies do n't fight terrorism , states have special police forces for that . 
  the mossos is a police force , not an army , it should not use this kind of material and luckily the german company noticed that and rang a bell . 
   and i do not want it to happen in europe . 
  a bit late for that . 
  they 're stun grenades with a limited fragmentation . 
  in the military you call that an offensive grenade . 
  in the police force you do not use this kind of material . 
   the hand grenade 86 ( hgr86 ) is a lightweight hand grenade with high safety features . 
  the 16g explosive charge functions after 3.0 sec to 5.0 sec delay time in a temperature range of -- 46 \u00b0 c to +63 \u00b0 c. 
  this grenade lightens the soldier 's load and reduces the probability of hazard to the operator especially in close quarters battle . 
  the fragmentation of the defensive version can penetrate an aluminium plate at a distance of 5m . 
  the offensive version has a pressure effect up to 0.27 bar . 
  a training system is also available this is simply a military grade offensive grenade , it produces a deadly fragmentation explosion in close quarters , it 's not suitable for a police force . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://www.angelopodesta.com/documenti/d363e1110_hgr086.pdf ), 
  fragmentation grenades ( which these are as well ) are not police supplies . 
  maybe they messed up with procurement though . 
  finland is winsconsin obviously , and norway is montana . 
  i 'm confused now . 
  is n't the uk our alaska ? 
  what we call ` mexican ' food ( burrito et al ) is primarily texan , as well as the burgers indeed . 
  excuse me ? 
  you 're mad . 
  and colder and rainier than the lower 24 . 
  scandinavia can be our alaska . 
  yes , but not the culture that actually catches on in the world . 
  america as a source of culture is in its movies , music , media , technology , fashion etc. 
  not the second amendment people brag about in the south . 
  you could n't have come up with a better example i suppose , he practically made your case for you . 
  no but we would have the uk as our canada instead . 
  i figured , but why ? 
  are you really talking to yourself ? 
  i thought hungary was the texas of europe . 
  it 's actually quite a good idea of hungary , they 're not imprisoned , they can leave back the way they came , yet the state has the time to manage asylum requests and not face difficulties deporting people who are denied later on . 
   fair point , but i do n't think this happens in reality . 
  the chain is just too long : the commission being controlled by the governments being controlled by the national parliaments . 
  in the end nobody will be held actually accountable and accountability is completely unclear to the average voter , maybe even to the average member of parliament . 
  the european parliament has n't made things easier , and there 's a lot of room for improvement . 
   i do n't understand the argument of the eu not being a society . 
  the eu is not a society . 
  france is , germany is , poland is , but the eu is n't . 
  i do n't believe in ` democracy ' within an electorate that is not a society . 
   my post is not about the eu getting more responsibilities and making more issues ( social welfare , health etc. ), 
  topics of the union . 
  i did not assume it was . 
  i simply find the idea repulsive even for the current competencies of the eu . 
   what i mean is democratizing what the eu is doing right now . 
  your version of democratizing makes smaller countries completely irrelevant , it 's the destruction of historical , cultural societies in favour of imposing a foreign majority on the peoples of europe . 
  i believe europe 's beauty and value lies in its diversity , it 's power in its mutual respect , and its future in multinational cooperation , i do not believe in a superstate imposed on innocent people by the behemoths of europe . 
  tons of votes in the dutch parliament on that . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://www.tweedekamer.nl/kamerstukken/stemmingsuitslagen/detail?id=2017p04086 ) for example an overview of the motions parliament gave for the council meeting of 24-25 march . 
   i understand your point , but in the perception of the public and the media the national prime ministers/presidents are not held accountable for the actions the eu takes . 
  the national parliaments only have very indirect control over eu legislation ( for good reasons of efficiency ) , but neither has the european parliament actual control . 
   who 's fault is that though ? 
  national parliaments give their ministers certain mandates/directions towards the council , it 's the minister its duty to account that back and forth to the parliament . 
  obviously the parliaments ca n't all be directly involved , because that would be unworkable . 
   why do n't you consider eu citizens an electorate ? 
  they collectively vote for one parliament ( albeit from national parties ... ) . 
  because the eu is n't a society . 
  there 's a lot less money to go around in the uk then in the eu . 
  if that 's what you want . 
  either way galileo is an eu project , it 's only natural the uk is going to get booted out of it . 
  i 'm sure you guys can get a third party license on gps or galileo though . 
  it really all depends from which side you 're coming . 
  i do n't consider ` less memberstate influence ' more democratic because i do not consider eu citizens an electorate . 
  if you assume the eu is an inter-state cooperation any democratic accountability should revolve around the respective states ' own institutions/heads , not a separate one . 
  but it 's a more than 0,9 % .
