  we do n't have conscription , we have a professional army . 
  that is assuming they indeed have ` more bang for their buck ' because other than your opinion i have seen nothing that would suggest that . 
  armies have different roles and purposes , and as such different priorities and equipment needs . 
  practically everything is more advanced . 
  that 's bullshit , our equipment is just way larger , and more advanced than for example greece ( which uses old dutch ships as their surface combattants ) we also have a lot more missions running worldwide , deployments cost money . 
  and airforce . 
  that 's why we have 2 lpd 's and an amphibious assault ship in the navy , with in-flight refueling aircraft to bring f16 's to the region if necessary . 
  problem is the islands are so close a navy wo n't do much in defense . 
  though the m-frigates were recently equiped for littoral counter insurgency warfare for that purpose . 
  aruba , curacao and bonaire are at the closest point 20km 's from venezuela . 
  sint maarten , st eustatius and saba are further away . 
  during mh17 they early invaded and their navy entered dutch sovereign waters . 
  it 's true , but no judge would give someone 5 years , let alone any jailtime over it . 
  you can of course end up like the candle light thrower and be bullied all the time by the authorities . 
  but that 's just the bantz as punishment . 
  problem with belgium is that for a military operation you 'll need to mobilize local elderly homes , seeing as most people on the belgian army 's paycheck are retired servicemen . 
  there 's also a large shortage of armoured mobility scooters in the belgian mechanized divisions . 
  correct , and the majority of the opinions make the perception of ` we ' . 
  you being the exception to most people makes it a personal thing . 
  our biggest neighbour is venezuela which is quite an aggressive state that has recently threatened us before with military operations . 
  the idea that we do n't need an army is pants off retarded . 
  charlemagne is n't seen as a founding father nor great-founding father regardless of your or my opinion . 
  if you see him as such , great , but initially you pretended he was widely viewed as such , which he is n't . 
  it 's a magical power that hovers over german lands . 
  when greeks spend money it gives debt , so greeks need less money to spend . 
  when germany spends money it creates money . 
  i believe they call it borreltafel economics in germany . 
  that does n't qualify you for anything . 
  i 'm afraid more than 10 people do n't understand the joke . 
  the franks also send missionaries to frisia . 
  for some reason that was allowed then , until bonifatius and eoban came and destroyed/vandalized pagan places of worship . 
  he and his entourage were slaughtered . 
  i 've never heard anyone call him ` the founder of europe ' , but regardless they conquered the frisian kingdom in 733 after having narrowly avoided a frisian invasion 20 years before ( radbod died while amassing an army to invade ) the frisian kingdom was most certainly not foreign rule , and was bigger than modern day netherlands . 
  as karel de grote . 
  no we do n't . 
  he was n't really an actual guard , but more of a scout . 
  he would go to places before wilders and his personal security detail would looking for security issues in the area and based on that plans would be made for his visit . 
  drawing his family into it was n't really a classy way either of rtl . 
   the solution for personal transport is legislation to limit the weight of passenger vehicles ( or heavily tax heavy vehicles ) . 
  taxes are already based on the weight of the car in the netherlands . 
  the old ones were phased out , but we have 4 left and most are basically brand new . 
  they would have to import it from russia . 
  why would non eu-citizens not have the right when eu-citizens do ? 
  seems to me that it either should be limited to state-citizens or ( long-term ) residents . 
  you know the difference between media and political parties ? 
  seems fair , does n't it ? 
  the 5 year rule is an important one though , if you have lived somewhere for 5 years you 've started to shoot roots , so it makes sense to vote in local elections . 
  i just mentioned it before people think germany has gone full circle by showing it is not really a new or even uncommon thing . 
  in the netherlands you can vote for municipal and the dikeboard elections with either an ( non-dutch ) eu citizenship or a residence permit if you have lived here for over 5 years . 
  if the way of talking would be scripted language there 's probably more difference between flemish and the other dutch dialects then between croatian and serbian . 
  it 's just due to butthurt patriotism that either claims their own ` language ' , and not only that , but deliberately alters the official language to create differences because balkans be balkans . 
  it 's a great way to work on the demise of your own language . 
   orders for the a400m are around 200 frames 174 are planned to be ordered , quite close to the 3.100 f-35 's currently planned . 
  but flemish is n't a language , frisian is . 
   most likely based on the sheer number of borrowings from ancient greek ancient greece borrowed a lot from us too ? 
  some things never change i guess . 
  why not install a clear visor ? 
  i have a double visor , a sunscreen on the inside ( you retract or engage a sunglass shape visor with your index finger on the rear of the helmet ) and a clear visor on the helmet itself . 
  these sunscreens are absolutely great , would recommend them . 
  there 's no need for a tinted visor if you have one . 
  first they came for the journalists , then they came for the pianists . 
   the bloody cold wind does though !, 
  i spent the firsat few mornings crying iced-salt water doiwn my face . 
  then i bought some clear glasses !, 
   close the visor ? 
  it does n't get * that * cold here though . 
  it 's not . 
  i wear a ` ski-mask ' on the motorcycle too when its cold , but it does n't impair my vision . 
   ` i 've got a really strong european heritage and man i wish i could go over there and reunite the roman empire and holy roman empire and kick some serious arse in europe . 
   i hate seeing ` my ' culture go . 
  i owe them for my western thinking and conservatism . ', 
  someone slap this man on the cheek the beta way . 
  trump has entered politics last year , wilders has been in politics since the 1990s . 
  that 's the nature of our system . 
  our system is quite different from germany . 
  no taxation without representation !, 
  they backed coalition rutte i ( 2010 ) in government . 
  they collapsed when the pvv could n't agree on a term policyplan . 
  our system works very different . 
  it has , but i fear the federalists ' path is going to ruine it all . 
  people should pay due attention to the difference between a pragmatic inter-governmental cooperation , what the eu is/was at the moment , and nation building what federalists desire . 
  we do n't really know or care for each other in europe , and either is a requisit for nationbuilding . 
  there 's no bond between us , and ` certain something that binds us ' quite well covers the sentiment , if only you could name it . 
  of course we are , and the others are in it for money , and some for power , too . 
  balkenende ? 
  is that you ? 
  we had crazy hair and head guy long before the us . 
  the us followed our example , not vice versa . 
   you mean the 9 % of afd voters ? 
  seeing the ` nl ' abbreviation i thought it was a message to the netherlands . 
  but perhaps i was wrong . 
  that 's your boer heritage . 
  do n't fall of the hijsbakkie . 
   maybe join greenland or iceland , they seem like they 've got their shit figured out . 
  if we install heaters on the windmills as climate control it does n't sound too bad . 
   ( eu , nation , province , city and referendum with no clear point ) . 
  you forgot the waterschappen elections . 
  you stay away from our electrical peddle assistant bikes . 
  of the first and second time the only one who invaded us was your kaiser though , looking for a retirement home . 
   on 10 november , wilhelm crossed the border by train and went into exile in the netherlands , which had remained neutral throughout the war .
