  france did not have extermination camps . 
  france saw plenty of bombardments during ww1 , just not by stuka 's , but by fat bertha 's and the like . 
  ( even paris was repeatedly shelled in ww1 ) they were significantly more devastating than ww2 's blitzkrieg , destroying whole towns and cities to the last timber . 
  no it was n't , ww1 was significantly harder . 
  dresden is lighting their museum of culture in the russian colors too i believe . 
  unfortunately berlin gets all the attention , but bad news tends to catch on better than good . 
  well it 's quite clear who inspired their [ flag ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/macedonia_ ( greece ) # / media/file : flag_of_greek_macedonia . svg ), 
  no it 's ` more wood please , the steam is getting cold ' but it 's too long to fit on the map . 
  the municipality of rotterdam raised the russian flag half-pole as a show of solidarity [ 1 ] ( http://www.ad.nl/rotterdam/russische-vlag-hangt-halfstok-op-stadhuis-rotterdam~ac35837f/ ) and antwerpen has lit their municipal office in the russian colours . 
  [ 2 ] ( http://www.gva.be/cnt/dmf20170404_02816676/stadhuis-in-russische-kleuren-na-aanslag-in-sint-petersburg ) the mayor of rotterdam wrote a letter to the russian authorities as well expressing our compassion as well . 
  we 're not all like berlin here . 
   same reaction in / europe as in the_donald . 
  good for them , even a broken clock is right twice a day i suppose . 
   its not hypocrisy at all . 
  it 's hypocrisy alright . 
   but so what , its about muslim . 
  there 's nothing european about kayseri . 
   each year dozens of tons of unexploded shells are recovered . 
  according to the s\u00e9curit\u00e9 civile agency in charge , at the current rate no fewer than 700 more years will be needed to completely clean the area . 
  some experiments conducted in 2005 -- 06 discovered up to 300 shells/10 ,000 m2 in the top 15 cm of soil in the worst areas . 
  [ 1 ]  some areas remain off limits ( for example two small pieces of land close to ypres and wo\u00ebvre ) where 99 % of all plants still die as arsenic can constitute up to 17 % of some soil samples ( bausinger , bonnaire , and preu\u00df , 2007 ) . 
  austria got exempt from it , they 're now asking to prolong the exemption ( which is due to expire ), 
  it would . 
  claiming territorial waters is a bit of a different game than claiming warranty on your broken laptop . 
  they gave you the docks , seems pretty reasonable . 
  imagine what would happen if they did n't , you would need a lot of dry-docks . 
  ww1 was a lot harsher for france than ww2 . 
  it still is harsher than ww2 . 
  ( large area 's are still no-mans land due to unexploded shells and poisoned grounds due to ww1 ), 
  they already have the median line there . 
  you 're right about the south and east , however multiple uk territories only claim 3 miles . 
  british indian ocean territory , gibraltar , montserrat , pitcairn and guernsey are all 3nm . 
  even though there 's nobody within 1000s of miles of for example pitcairn . 
  so a precedent can be drawn that britain does n't necessarily need/want 12nm , and all of the sudden doing so for gibraltar could internationally be percieved as aggression . 
  easy on the jingoism there george . 
  gibraltar ca n't claim 12nm because spain is within 3-4 miles to the west . 
  12nm is only when you do not border a country , when you do , it 's split in half . 
  which is what is already done , the western territorial water of gibraltar is only 1,5 miles . 
  the south and east are 3 . 
   due to the utretch treaty * utrecht . 
  wwii was softer to some countries involved in ww1 ( france , belgium , uk ) but not all indeed ( it was harder on russia and germany ), 
  temporarily yes , until it fully submerges into the water . 
  i agree , but for the sake of law enforcement in case of special occasions i understand the merit of a temporary/local ban on it . 
  either way , what is most important , that no ban , or ban , everybody should be equal in front of the law . 
  ` the polyester hard-bottom speedcraft with dual out-board engine on the forefront is at least three times as powerful as the spanish navy patrol boat ' according to a former tory party member . 
  ` it 's not as big as the custom boats from the tatcher era , but the crew and its hand guns can easily counter the former spanish corvet in the medium term ' he continued . 
  ` the crew of three remains commited to protecting gibraltars sovereignty ' pm may 's office confirmed . 
  as long as the eu circulates money into orbans pocket he is n't going anywhere . 
   greece also caused problems . 
  according to the bbc , `` its chronically weak economy meant successive greek governments responded by decreasing the amount of gold in their coins , [ 18 ] thereby debasing their currency in relation to those of other nations in the union and in violation of the original agreement '' . 
  greece was formally expelled from the latin monetary union in 1908 . 
  it was readmitted in 1910 , however . 
  [ 19 ] some things just never change . 
  heating homes with electricity is inefficient with the current production . 
  why burn gas to create warmth , convert warmth to electrcity and use electricity to create warmth , while you can burn gas to create warmth right away . 
  because all the humour ` continentals ' have is that of some drunk cosmopolitan eurocrat at the ep . 
  so does the success of the pound or dollar . 
  non-euromembers leave eurozone management to eurozone countries . 
  they can join should they find the exclusion to be not in their interest . 
  i do n't like criminal ultra 's , but i like the fact they 're exposing sweden 's hypocrisy . 
  ` religious freedom ' in this context is a euphemism for ` discrimination against people of different beliefs ' . 
  the ` head of the eurozone ' is n't really an important position . 
  it 's pure symbolic . 
  there is n't any coherent eurozone economic/fiscal policy except what memberstates multilaterally agreed to ( fiscal compact ) and that is being enforced by the commission , not dijsselbloem . 
  people put way too much importance on it . 
  it 's like tusk , but then for the eurozone . 
  the parliament is just trying to be relevant . 
  issue is that they are n't . 
  the european parliament is the parliament of the eu , not of the eurozone . 
  9 , and soon 8 of the 27 members have no business in eurozone administration and as such should have no input/influence . 
  it is n't , dutch ministers do n't need to be mp 's . 
  kayseri is asia . 
  correct title would be ` trams of asia : kayseri , tr ' . 
  it was sarcasm . 
  it 's not a statement of solidarity , it 's a lousy attempt at ridiculing people . 
  europe keeps right ( except the uk ) . 
  left lanes are for overtaking only , please keep this in mind , as in germany the left lanes will see cars driving at sometimes 200 + km/h . 
  and please watch the cyclists in the netherlands , double , three double , 4 times if necessary . 
  that said renting a car in either country is an option , i suspect price/convenience would be important , but that 's something you can easily figure out yourself . 
  they 're so brave holding hands in a posh area of the hague . 
  so has gaius julius caesar by the looks of it . 
  their opinion is n't relevant , they made sure of that themselves . 
  that 's for the ones who 're paralyzed waist-down in some sort , but the ones who make uncontrolled moves , alarming noises at certain intervals and who grease the front wheel bearings with drool use tricycles . 
  i always thought they were for handicapped only . 
  also many of the bikes at that time had solid wooden tires due to rubber shortages , must 've been a harsh route peddling on such a thing . 
  because they 're still within their quota . 
  i get that , but the immigration crisis has been going on for a long time , if i were to be french president i would 've taken a good look at that treaty from the moment shanty towns started to emerge in calais . 
  yes most russians are europeans and russia is part of europe , but you are a different sphere if you will . 
  you did not fight to defend european liberties , you fought to take them , that backfired on you in 1941 , but that did n't make the cause any more just . 
  and afterwards you stripped a significant part of europe from its liberties for over 4 decades . 
  you deserve to be mourned on this tragic day none the less , and you will . 
  there was attention to the russian airliner as well . 
  but yes the paris attacks had more impact on the eu if that 's what you mean , but french are ` our people ' in a way , russians not so much , so an attack on innocent french has more impact than an attack on innocent russians , but an attack on innocent philipinians has less impact than an attack on innocent russians . 
  is that wrong ? 
  you could argue so , but it 's also human nature . 
  we care more about a friend or cousin dying in a car accident than a random person we did n't know , it 's the nature of human relations . 
  that said i wish all the best for the people of st petersburg on this tragic day . 
  france has nukes , more and a wider variety than the uk in fact , and unlike the british ones they 're not borrowed from the us . 
  russia has more muslims than any european country . 
  it means people wo n't be able to work or live in gibraltar or spain freely anymore .
