  usually you have the old moats in cities that run around the historic city centre where the walls would be , they 're waterways , they 're deep and tend to be wide have bridges that open and are dredged regularly . 
  side canals are really susceptible to whatever the municipality thinks is desirable . 
   but whats wrong with poland and romania ? 
  are gypsies still a thing ? 
  yes gypsies are a thing , try to avoid them at night in secluded places . 
  also in romania watch the wild dogs , i 'm serious , carry precautions with you , they 're incredibly dangerous ( i was attacked by one on a hiking trip but was prepared , get something that gives a loud bang like those bear grenade things and a decent knife , never run from dangerous animals ) avoid travel at night in compact forest areas , keep making sounds as you move and try having a fire . 
  people in romania are extremely friendly , no worries there , and it 's a very nice country if it 's your thing . 
  because it did have a function once . 
  it 's old , part of our heritage , gives cities charme , it 's history , art and all that . 
  also it connects waterways , helps manage ground water levels , drains rain water etc. 
  another very important thing , when you look at the picture , all these buildings left and right are standing on centuries old wooden foundations . 
  if you drain the canal , the wood might rot and the buildings may cave in and collapse . 
  constant exposure to the water avoids rot . 
  except they by and large do n't fall into that spectrum . 
   they should use it for their helicopters instead of planes . 
  they should scrap it , and build something like the mistral or enforcer design . 
  it 's all show , they do n't even need the fixed wing aircraft , they have airbase ( s ) in syria , and non-navalized planes are better and cheaper . 
  the italian government made a bail-in for monte del paschi , meaning the investors were taking the hit . 
  i do n't know exactly why , but a ` no-win ' would mean the bail-in did n't go through , so now the italian state needs to bail-out the bank so that investors do n't lose money because they only want profit , not losses . 
  the ez has n't been happy with the prospect of more banking bail-outs by the state ( as should any reasonable person be , it 's frankly ridiculous , but the ez is a hypocrite in this truth be told ), 
   strong currency -  great to import  weak currency -  great to export strong or weak here is relative to past value though , not its proximity to 1:1 . 
  ah , the golden days of endless lira 's and peseta 's . 
  the guilder was quite strong , stronger than the deutsch mark as well . 
   not for motorised ones i do n't know about delft in particular , but some of these bridges in city centres are so low you wo n't get a canoe underneath it either . 
  also many are equiped with these horizontal logs to contain/catch garbage floating in it . 
  sorry typo , meant to say maria . 
  many of these side canals are n't accessible ( anymore ) for boats . 
  [ it happens ] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/large/10454149.jpg ) every now [ and then ] ( http://media.schlijper.nl/normal/04/06/12/040612-auto-in-gracht.jpg ) . 
  shit gets dangerous when the roads are frozen , really got to watch the brakes and steering then . 
  but there are often very low guard rails as you can see on the second picture . 
  it 's just banter mario . 
   when they steam back through the channel ` zie ginds komt de stoomboot uit syri\u00eb weer aan . ', 
  ( choir sound in the background ), 
  the social spectrum is n't divided between left and right but progressive and conversative . 
  you can see he 's conservative , but not far of centre . 
  they 're not far right in any meaningful way , it 's just gibberish . 
  someone arrest this person , clear case of hate speech . 
   the internet is not supposed to be free , not in germany , but you guys have a soft spot for repression . 
  other countries do n't . 
   if blackface does n't mean making your face black , then maybe not . 
   blackface were shows in the us where people dressed up and made black people ridiculous . 
  it does n't mean making your face black , hence please be careful with drawing equations between the two , black pete has nothing to do with making black people ridiculous . 
  [ ` far right ' . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/d1/pol-landschap-2012.png/400px-pol-landschap-2012.png ), 
   anyway , how reliable is haaretz ? 
  the dutch intelligence agency is aivd , not avid . 
  i do n't know how reliable it is , but it is true . 
  the investigation was done in 2009/2010 . 
  it 's not uncommon for the aivd to monitor politicians , they do it for all sorts of parties ( labour etc. 
  included ) for example the people from the denk party have also been under investigation due to their ties to the ` grey wolves ' in turkey . 
   so what , the eu is going to shut down facebook if they do n't comply with foreign speech rules ? 
  the internet is supposed to be free . 
  not in europe . 
  people are being hurt by freedom in europe more and more , they should be protected for the precious little snowflakes they are by our dear leaders lest they melt by all this human interaction so pubicly . 
  black pete is not a black face tradition . 
  americans just started to equate them because they saw an image on facebook and cried wolf . 
   except in the heart of europe , such factors , that would damage nuclear plants to that extent , are not really present . 
  that 's simply not true . 
  chernobyl for example was a human error . 
  in 2001 the nucleair research reactor in petten the netherlands almost had a complete melt down when power fell out and back-up generators failed , leaving the reactor without cooling . 
  as said , we have had ` near disasters ' before , it 's perfectly possible to happen in europe . 
  there 's a point of being in when you 're led by simple aristocrats who 's career is best served by being in . 
  point is it has never been a decision by the people , it has never been supported by the people , it has just been done . 
  and one day the reckoning will come . 
   exactly , this is a thing i dont understand of many politicians . 
  why do n't they take notes of the mistakes made by other politicians ? 
  because a good politician does n't want the longest career possible . 
   unfortunately they are not usable for people with impaired movement . 
  they can take the stairs . 
   but that is n't how the term is used in the media , or in general . 
  that 's exactly how the term is used in the media and in general . 
   far-right is the simple term to describe parties to the right of the mainstream centre-right party . 
  it 's not . 
  ` far right ' has nothing to do with being politically right , centre of left . 
  it just means you 're out of the ordinary , usually on matters like migration and/or the eu . 
  it 's an extrapolation , i do n't see the ' 99,8 % ' being mentioned . 
  [ here ] ( http://wahl16.bmi.gv.at/ ) are the official figures . 
  they counted 56 % of the votes so far , 35,1 % for h\u00f6fer and 21,3 % for bellen . 
  i would be careful with proclaiming a winner just yet . 
  i 'm [ nearly ] ( https://www.politicalcompass.org/chart?ec=-3.75&amp;soc=-4.15 ) ghandi . 
  i 'm guessing it is a bit skewered due to it being american centric , for european standards i 'm economically a bit more right . 
  i 'm guessing the projections account for regional difference and postal voting vs regular voting considering the lead h\u00f6fer has there ? 
   that the `` nation '' concept is something made up ? 
  in a way , but not exactly the same way as what you 're claiming . 
  in a nationstate we share a lot of things , our sense of belonging , common language , common history , social norms etc. 
  we do n't have that in a european context . 
  he 's probably speaking about france . 
  muslims in the netherlands are mostly moroccan and turks , they 're not black . 
  it 's not that they are profit orientated , it 's that all media inside a country is owned by just a couple of wealthy/royal influential families who use it for political goals . 
  that 's what renzi made of it . 
  should n't have pubicly tied his career to the outcome . 
  it 's not technically correct , far-right is a catch-all phrase for anything midly rebellious to the system . 
  it means nothing politically other then that you 're trying to discredit the person by name calling . 
  which is something any reasonable person would prevent doing in an argument . 
  thing is , if things do go south , however small the odds , you 're royally screwed . 
  fukushima and chernobyl went wrong , but there were a number of cases where it nearly went very wrong as well . 
  ( three miles island for example ), 
  ` independent candidate ' - ` far right candidate ' . 
  one would think they could at least try to sound impartial . 
   forced by who ?
