  among other things he mentioned celebrating christmas can be confrontational for certain groups apparently . 
  i was rather shocked to learn people take offense at christmas celebrations these days . 
  how about you work on that incessant narcissism of yours and your illusion to be anything else than merely your pathetic self . 
  there 's no ` us ' . 
  brussels is a foreign entity for all intents and purposes . 
  primarily german and a bit french , i 'm neither french nor german . 
  biggest danger comes from islamophobes , worst ` westernphobes ' could do is ram a semi in a crowd or blow up a metrostation or airfield hall , but when it comes to islamophobes , before you know it they 'll say something rude and offend people with certain religious affiliations . 
  i 've heard of african migrants lifting on dutch navy ships , but the french police officers is quite a new one . 
  good idea , luxemburg is too hilly , we would only get fear of heights down there . 
  no it was primarily a polish and czech idea . 
  we 're too shy , but in the age of emancipation there 's no harm in flanders breaking the ice . 
  the same mistakes were not made again , germany was chopped up in two and lost large swaths of land . 
  got us 70 years of peace . 
  ssst , leave him under the illusion . 
  you do realize the historical context of said phrase ? 
  it was a slogan captains and crew from holland could n't pronounce when they were raided on the southern sea . 
  legend has it grutte pier could slice multiple head of in one swing with his 2,15 m long sword ( his sword was supposed to be exactly as long as he was ) if you could not pronounce it . 
  the map is work in progress , belgium was yet to be divided between netherlands and france . 
  uh oh , somebody told an american about the gas and oil deposits , take cover , it 's about to rain freedom in groningen . 
  the horror . 
  then 4th reich is inevitable and we better prepare . 
  turkish religious organisation with diplomatic immunity , it 's a miracle the government only did something once the public knew of it . 
  gib back our cv90 's . 
  parents . 
  with such gender imbalances sexual emergencies are more likely to occur . 
   also displacing 2 million people could maybe cause some grudge . 
  tell that to eastern europe which displaced 10 million . 
   what a horrible plan with no good motivation . 
  war reparation and future buffer seemed like a good motivation . 
  we did n't ask them to wage war on us , they did that all by themselves . 
  seems fair to repend for it when you lose it too . 
  adds 69km2 -  starts fourth reich . 
  maybe switserland could merge with austria instead , we could call it ` mountain germany ' . 
  might even be tempted to throw in bavaria with them . 
  ( the german bundesland , not the dutch beer brand ), 
  i like this way . 
  not all societies adhere to the german model of ` befehl ist befehl ' top-down hierarchy . 
  certainly not modern ones . 
  the police could have found the id well before admitting it , clinging on to the wrong person they arrested could 've given the real suspect confidence to be reckless in his escape . 
   in ~ ~ modern ~ ~ german society we pay professionals to deal with the situation , so that regular citizens have the time to sing a song if they like . 
  and look how far these ` professionals ' got you . 
  the man was surveilled , but not stopped . 
  denied asylum , but not deported . 
  committed a crime , but not arrested . 
  with such professionals , there must be no amateurs . 
  that will teach him . 
  no , excluding that one . 
  what solution ? 
  he was under surveillance but just disappeared . 
  the german state is too incompetent to even make use of surveillance , why even bother . 
  it will kill some , and take away the freedom and privacy of others . 
  it will execerbate division withins society , create distrust and animosity between communities , radicalize politics . 
  just the general fall-out you could expect from the policies pursued by western europe . 
   talk about blaming the victim . 
  who are the victims exactly if not those that died and were wounded ? 
   i did n't say they do n't care , you did . 
  it 's okay , you do n't care about those that died and why because you do n't feel related to other people , but some do . 
  changing your way of life is quite a different thing from not caring about innocent people being slaughtered in a horrendous way when they 're visiting a holiday market with friends or family hoping to have a good time . 
  unfortunately you can not differentiate between the two . 
  france has had several , the uk has a too powerful security apparatus . 
  they 're trying to commit terror attacks all the time in ( north ) western europe , most of them are stopped . 
  germany could not stop it this time . 
  they 're just bullying because facebook is n't removing all content they do n't like . 
  the misleading thing is just looking for nails on shallow water . 
  read it in the dutch media . 
  they did n't want to use concrete barriers because they did n't want to make a fortress of the market . 
  a society that cares that little about mass indiscriminate murder of them is chronically sick . 
  luckily not all people are like that . 
  eu logic ; bring in people that want to kill europeans -  reduce freedom and privacy and joy of europeans when said people kill europeans . 
  suppose you 're unemployed and recieve 1100 euro per month net in benefit . 
  you are searching for a job , a 24 hour job is offered to you , monthly income amounts to 1100 euro . 
  would you be motivated to take it ? 
  probably not so much , as you 're going to work 24 hours per week for basically nothing . 
  now suppose you recieve 560 euro per month , get a job offer for 24 hours , earn 1100 euro and recieve 560 euro . 
  the labour market would be much more fluid and versatile . 
  concrete barrier is the best option , reduction of privacy and freedom of innocent civilians is never a good solution . 
  it was also proposed in berlin , but the berlin mayor intervened and prevented concrete barriers from being installed . 
  [ this looks about right ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/62/81/24/6281244b00784331e31bbb8e90c1f543.jpg ) . 
  i know it 's true in the netherlands . 
  no doubt there are more countries where pepper spray is illegal . 
  that is why it had such small arms . 
  ` yes ' is not possible , the t-rex was extinct 4320 years ago when noah 's ark set sail . 
  you need to ask yourself who 's the idiot when a 12 + year old can get a country to panic with a single prank phone call . 
  hint ; it is not just the 12 + year old . 
  sometimes you 're too far apart to compromise . 
  that 's just the nature of our pluralist politics . 
  some people would give up everything to maintain power , but some do not . 
  i prefer the latter over the former , the most untrustworthy one is the former obviously as you can only trust in their greed for power . 
  france has a different tint of green than italy and spain . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/23/frisia_716-la.svg/266px-frisia_716-la.svg.png ), 
  ` germany ' . 
  it is not unfair , it is simply none of what you said . 
  he abandoned them because he could n't agree with their austerity proposals ? 
  are you even listening to yourself ? 
  because he could n't agree with the others ? 
  strange logic . 
  734 , worst year of my life . 
  he could n't agree with the coalition to form a multibillion euro austerity plan , hardly a sign of untrustworthiness , if anything , it 's a sign he will not give up everything just to maintain power like many other politicians . 
  maybe they were in on the plot . 
  lots of uncertainties , let 's just wait and let the authorities do their job .
