   it is that not having a border is nearly impossible !, 
  that has been eu policy for the past years . 
  i do n't see how that would nearly be impossible now . 
  it is , your money to be precise . 
  and that 's what 's the worst part . 
  if a business wants to treat employees like this , fine , they 'll most likely go bankrupt within a week , and if not they must have such a great product it 's a shame they 're not better entrepeneurs . 
  but in a public institution this is absolutely unacceptible . 
  for 3 euro 's you get a sack of fries in the netherlands . 
  to determine the exact amount we would need a watchdog to see employees adhere to the rules and we would need rules . 
  a mep earns ; 6200 euro per month . 
  gets 21.000 euro per month to employ people ( which many use to employ their wife , children , or friends just so they can get a free buck ) every day a mep shows up for work he is given 300 euro . 
  ( many mep 's walk to the parliament , sign their name , recieve 300 euro , and go have diner and go home ) they recieve 0,41 eurocent per travelled km to the parliament . 
  ( many mep 's and their staff ( friends , family ) just take a cheap ticket from bukarest to strassbourg to collect 3000 euro in a day . 
  mep 's use eu cars ( the most lavish audi 's and mercedes ) and eu private drivers to go to family dinners and parties with friends . 
  in 5 years they collect enough pension to retire at 63 years for 1250 euro per month . 
  they get 4200 euro per month to declare personal costs . 
  they have a very expensive second parliament building they only use for 5 days a month because france wanted to have a parliament . 
  i ca n't determine the exact amount that is stolen , but the culture inside these institutions is so toxic it turns my stomach around . 
  more like 7-8 euro , we do n't all live in saxony . 
  they 're not fighting pkk , but the ypg . 
  deplorable as that may be , he did a good job of showing the boundaryless , lavish and corrupt lifestyle of the average europarlementarian . 
  he was very honest that he was no different to the journalist . 
  what if she changes her name to ` le p * on * ' to fit in better with the other candidates ? 
   fillon [ ... ] macron [ . . ] hamon [ ... ] m\u00e9lenchon one more ` on ' and it 's bingo . 
  yea we do , you just do n't know it . 
  of the vote . 
  i meant evidence somebody voted x. 
  this is not allowed . 
  naturally the vote itself is needed as evidence , but it can never be related to a person . 
  smoke and mirrors , if only this watchdog did their work on people they like too . 
  the sheer amount of corruption and misused/stolen funds by the european parliament and commission as exposed by dani\u00ebl van der stoep make the ussr look like a bastion of integrity . 
  but eurocrats are beyond criticism of course , when an mep called out the commission president for declaring 700.000 euro of personal expenses in a year martin schulz even had the audicity to call him a fascist . 
  only if they 're already in syria . 
  we ca n't help people commit crimes by bringing them to the place they wish to do so . 
  but if they somehow managed to reach syria and fight there their citizenship should be revoked , these people should never be allowed to enter the country again and be branded ` persona non grata ' by the ministry . 
  we vote with paper and pencil . 
  but according to the article the results of the manual counting is transfered on a usb stick . 
  that 's what they want to change it seems . 
  ironically the netherlands was one of the first countries to adopt voting computers in the 1980s , but it was abolished in 2009 after the aivd ( general intelligence and security agency ) showed that the electronic signals of the machines could be recieved from tens of meters away . 
  there were issues with privacy ( dutch law states votes must always be private , no evidence may exist in any form what you voted ) after that the netherlands abolished electronic voting and since 2009 it was back to paper and red pencil . 
  and it seems it 's going to stay that way for the time being . 
  ca n't say i am , you 're the one blazing of the highest tower on a subject you 've no clue about . 
  that 's because you 're a culinary illiterate . 
  so many times i could n't count it . 
  i appreciate a kapsalon or d\u00f6ner every now and then , even fucking d\u00f6ner pizza on hangover days , but to say it 's the best food there is you must be a culinary illiterate . 
  that must be belgian , we actually do have decent food , but you would n't know if you think kebab is the best food there is . 
  the netherlands is wise enough to use a jordanian base and stay clear of turkey . 
  well except the patriots , but they 're not there because we need them to . 
   literally have boots on the ground who are fighting isis . 
  they 're fighting kurds actually , the only isis they fight are the ones that accidently find themselves between the two . 
  apart from that turkey supports isis , they would n't wish anything bad on them . 
   it 's located at the crossroads of europe , russia , iran , and the arab world , and the fact that nato effectively controls access to the black sea is huge . 
  not a very important crossroad mind you , and deminishing as well . 
  the only thing coming from that direction is oil and fake cloths . 
  egypt is much more important than turkey , yet they 're not in nato nor courted with the same nonsense . 
   ukraine said on wednesday the pane had been shot at with a firearm from a russian-controlled offshore gas rig . 
  sounds terribly inefficient . 
  that 's because you 've never had a decent plate of food . 
  it was a reference to bidet usage , not spicy kitchen . 
  southern europe is prepared for this diet , northern europe will need to adopt the bidet for that too . 
  i for one welcome the burrito as a new european dish . 
  out with kebab , in with the burrito . 
  you want a candidate membership status to go with that ? 
  same what russia did after that , lick their wounds . 
  if that 's what you consider ` taking russia 's side ' maybe you 're the problem . 
  i think it 's still up to date . 
  do n't recall anything of importance happening in quite some time . 
  there have been minor skirmishes back and forth before , at this point though it seems heavy weapons have returned to the front line , in violation of the accords . 
   nice victim blaming . 
  i do n't recall blaming anyone specifically , but whatever floats your boat . 
   first of all it 's russia that never observed nor first nor second ceasefire . 
  wish or not but you are siding with russia . 
  russia has observed the minsk accords , they 're layered and are right now at the point where ukraine needs to yield local autonomy . 
  this is has been refused by ukraine , so it is ukraine that is not observing the ceasefire , not russia . 
   you should now that hostilities resumed after trump-putin phone conversation . 
  hell knows what exactly , but trump just encouraged putin to become bolder . 
  the trump transition was their opportunity , not the cause . 
  this was bound to happen as the ceasefire accords were no longer applicable due to ukraine refusing to implement their part . 
  the eu ca n't go to the markets , it 's ` bankrupt ' at the moment the council ca n't agree on increasing the budget . 
  then it is forced to cut spending left and right . 
  because they 're representatives , and representatives are paid to avoid conflict of interests and class democracy . 
  besides france being a net-contributor , she can waste billions every year and the eu still would n't have a leg to stand on because it 's french money . 
  not that i wish to side with russia , i do not , but this was coming . 
  the west has been wavering in its responsibilities towards ukraine , ukraine has stalled the minsk accords and has refused to implement some sections of them . 
  while i understand why , this is what they signed up for . 
  without these accords there 's no peace anymore , no ceasefire , no ban on heavy weapons at the front , and russia will restart hostilities to drive ukraine back to the negotiating table . 
  the election of trump and the chaos in the current us administration in the transition was just the opportunity they saw fit to start poking the fire again . 
  europe needs to step-up and bring russia and ukraine back to the negotiating table for a new accord or war is going to get reignited . 
  following such efforts more care should be taken to have ukraine actually follow whatever it is that is agreed between the parties . 
   n the eu is rather balanced . 
  also germany was the world 's biggest exporter with a big surplus from 1986 till 1990 , germany was a balanced economy before the euro , it was not a big exporter , it did n't have a big surplus at all . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://cdn.tradingeconomics.com/charts/germany-balance-of-trade.png?s=grtbale&amp;v=201701091345s&amp;d1=19170101&amp;d2=20171231 ) that was all caused by the euro , to the detriment of others . 
   low interest rates means less dividend , this does not prove the eu is to blame or that it would not be the case without the eu , low interest rates are caused by the euro . 
  who else is to blame than the eu ? 
  the eurozone , but that 's part of the eu is n't it ? 
   people live to be old enough to take out more from pension funds than they put in others die before ever reaching pension age , or die before they 've taken their cut . 
  the pension funds calculates the amount it pays on such factors . 
   yes where automation thrives sees those dynamics i.e. 
  increases for the rich and decreases for the poor you are literally making my argument for me . 
  meaning automation skews income distributions read the sentence again , you did n't understand a bit of it .
