  only an unsubstantiated claim . 
  you 're welcome to provide them though , along with the proof that the government debt has fallen below 60 % of gdp . 
  since the treaties do n't say ` either or ' . 
  the problem is not the willingness to identify and accept the problem , the problem is that the problem contains a large group of innocent people as colleteral and legally and morally very contentious issues . 
  you ca n't be tolerant towards intolerance , but you ca n't be tolerant by being intolerant either . 
  solving the problem requires a major shift in our thinking , a loss of freedom , prosperity , and potentially safety . 
  a direct quote is the most accurate representation of his comments there is . 
  your own fabrication of it on the other hand , is nothing of the sort . 
  because labour lost in the elections , and they want a southern finance minister on the post . 
  they just saw the seat loss ( 38-9 ) as an opportunity to try and kick him out . 
  the statement is irrelevant to the matter . 
  that is correct , that 's why we 're working towards that , and you should too . 
  i think [ you 've had ] ( http://cdn.tradingeconomics.com/charts/portugal-government-budget.png?s=wcsdprt&amp;v=201701041250t ) a couple of glasses too much sangre . 
  normally people start to see double then , but you 're starting to see halves i suppose . 
  he even said in a ` me ' context . 
  southern europeans do n't think he said that , they 're just looking for an excuse to oust a northern minister from the job . 
  there have been talks of making the head of the eurogroup a full-time job before . 
  in other words finance ministers would n't be the only candidate . 
  other than that , dijsselbloem will remain a minister during the coalition forming , which can easily take a couple of months . 
  we 'll see about that . 
  they must 've done a lot the past months then , i did n't know their debt was below 60 % of gdp and deficit below 3 % . 
  we 've had austerity and a recession just the same and suffered the consequences of that , and right now we 're reaping the benefits . 
  love you too . 
  oh that , i did n't see it at first , but that looks like blood indeed . 
  you 're not building anything with anyone . 
  people like dijsselbloem have been building on ` europe ' , you have merely stood aside complaining . 
   uhm yeah growth is a problem ( altough is at 0,9 % or 1 % ) but if you have a low growth it 's harder to reduce the deficit . 
  then your economic model is unsustainable . 
  we cut 50 billion euro from our government budget in the last 4 years , nearly a quarter of the annual budget . 
  you should be able to do the same . 
   so i do n't see how this proves your point . 
  you do n't see that 2,4 % is higher than 0,8 % ? 
  not to mention that 133 % is already higher than the < 60 % you signed up for . 
   our debt is susteinable , most of it is in italians ' hands and so far it has not been a problem for the eu : in fact we are still a net contributor and italy never took money from the eurogroup or the imf in what way is an ever increasing debt with a stagnating income sustainable ? 
  italy is on the road to bankruptcy , and that is very much our problem too as long as you have n't returned to the lira yet . 
   southern countries do n't need a bad comment to push for a southern eurogroup leader , they can just meet and say its time for one , this block weight in terms of gdp and population is more then enough . 
   they tried that last time , but the spanish candidate lost to a second term of dijsselbloem . 
  problem is a new eurogroup head is going to do the same things as the previous , and it 's unlikely anyone in the south is seriously considering to own up on that in front of their electorate . 
  you guys are going to rearrange your budget and decrease your debts and decifits or return to your own currency . 
  whomever is going to replace dijsselbloem is n't going to change that . 
  we did it / u/janmetdekorte , we triggered / r/europe . 
  that 's what he said . 
  what you mean to say is that the responses to it where not at all an accurate representation of his comments . 
  everyone knows us continentals are willing to die for our religious union . 
  blood is red , the liquid is no doubt coolant or something . 
  2,4 % , with 0 growth and the biggest debt in the eu . 
  if you have 0 growth , you should 've 0 deficit at the least , or less than 0 in the best case . 
  his solution is the only solution beyond you departing from the eurozone . 
  the thing that keeps you from moving on from your crisis is your inability to retain a responsible budget . 
   `` i can not spend all my money on liquor and women and plead for your support afterwards . 
  this principle applies on the personal , local , national and also european level , '' seems like a perfectly normal figure of speech . 
  it ca n't be that , they 're just looking for an excuse to leave austerity and go back to siestas and a housing bubble . 
  yes they did , the eurozone deficit went from 6,3 % to 2,1 % . 
  though most of the work was done in the north with the south still having massive deficits . 
  they smell money with a socialist southerner as next head of the eurogroup . 
  saying countries should stick to deficit targets is insulting , xenophobic , racist , sexist , dividing , unacceptible and bad for credibility of the institutions ? 
  what the hell did i just read , it looks like somebody hid a microphone in a teddybear in the safe space of the gender studies department 's diversity officer headoffice . 
  thousands . 
  but do you really want barbed wire , minefields and machine guns on our borders ? 
  and will you be operating the machine gun shooting at people trying to cross ? 
  quite simply because you ca n't stop them , and because you ca n't bring them back . 
  yes you can get syria to agree , russia does n't really matter , as long as you do n't bomb assad to get your way . 
  they 're just there to protect an old ally to keep some influence in the area . 
  that 's not an option , the alternative is just accepting the refugees . 
  you can use the navy to take out organized crime and prevent turkish incursions into greek waters/airspace though . 
  it means he wants to stir up violent racism against europeans . 
  adding pieces of syria might actually be a good solution to pacifying and rebuilding a portion of syria , iraqi kurds already have autonomy , and ` independence ' is n't such a long-shot anymore . 
  obviously they 'll have to forgot about iran , they ca n't have it all . 
  he 'll find a way to bend no to yes , he 's invested in this now and there 's no way out . 
  by walking through croatia where there are no walls . 
  it 's not working better at all . 
  prices have skyrocketed . 
   and connexxion could run for less than 1.2 million you should read the article , they could run it on a government subsidy of 1,2 million . 
  the rest of the money is taken from the consumer . 
  same as with the other former government services , just make people pay more of it , let the state pay less but do n't lower taxes , and call it a victory . 
  two points actually . 
  * from a moral/ethical point of view it 's ridiculous to outsource your border protection and then complain about the political/humanitarian state in the country providing it for you * from a pragmatic point of view , you do n't outsource border protection and then start fitting on the contractor . 
  and the third point is implied , namely that europe is pragmatic but pretends to be moralistic . 
  that 's why the east and south of us call us hypocrites . 
  no he 's just being cynical . 
   ** we hand over our security to the turks and ** [ . . ] that 's the real message . 
  that may work for a bus line , and it has only driven up prices there , but it does n't work for a train line . 
  you do n't buy a train for 3 or 5 year bidding . 
  absolutely . 
  ` high speed ' trains are very dangerous , for example you ca n't have crossings , the rails will need to be closed of by high fences , and when you do , constantly slowing down to 80 or 30 and go back to 300 is a waste of energy . 
  railways are always a monopoly . 
  monopolies are better to be public owned and have no profit . 
  the economic barrier here is the unfeasibility of having 5 train tracks besides each other on one route . 
  ns is a commercial company , the government is just majority share holder . 
  but the company seeks to gain profit and value . 
  clearly the highest profit is gained by slushing it through ireland . 
  fun fact ; he nearly died . 
  engineers had not accounted for expansion of his pressurized suit in the vacuum of space . 
  he got stuck in the re-entry tube , but managed to make it through in the end . 
   the b61 has been deployed by a variety of u.s. military aircraft . 
  aircraft cleared for its use have included the fb-111a , b-1 lancer , b-2 spirit , b-52 stratofortress ; f-101 voodoo , f-100 d & f super sabre , f-104 starfighter , f/a -18 hornet , f-111 aardvark and f-4 phantom ii fighter bombers ; a-4 skyhawk , a-6 intruder and a-7 corsair ii attack aircraft ; the f-15 eagle , f-15e strike eagle and f-16 falcon ; british , german and italian panavia tornado ids aircraft . 
  usafe and all nato dual role aircraft can carry b61s . 
  the lockheed s-3 viking was also able to deploy the b61 as a nuclear depth bomb . 
   the b61 can fit inside the f-22 raptor 's weapons bays and will also be carried by the lockheed martin f-35 lightning ii . 
  [ 7 ]  as of 2005 , they were deployed in europe under the nato nuclear sharing arrangement .
