  this argument could 've worked on obama , but with trump the us administration is n't so predictable anymore . 
  if there 's no solidarity nato is already killed . 
  the whole organisation is based on the promise to defend each other . 
  we now know promises are n't worth anything , so nato is only alive in the sense that we keep up the pretense it is . 
  that said we have reached a point where nato = us deterrence . 
  nothing more nothing less . 
  nobody else can contribute to a war effort except france and the uk given the us else takes the lead . 
  in terms of warfare capability everything is gone . 
  sure we have some shiny ships , and a handful of stealth jets soon , but we do not have the artiliery pieces , reserves , fuel , munitions , basic vehicles , it 's all gone . 
  what we 've left is the ability to send 5 jets to turkey to bomb isis , as long as there are n't too many targets lest we run out of munitions again like in libya . 
  we can not fight a war , we would be utterly exhausted within days . 
  everything is on you guys . 
  actually there is , because the treaty does n't state a 2 % limit they agreed they impose a 2 % limit , and everybody promised to work towards that . 
  with their 2 % they still ca n't do something . 
  the only thing that matters is that you do what you promised , in this case spend the 2 % , in exchange for defense provided by the us . 
  that does n't matter , it spend the 2 % it promised , that 's what matters . 
  your size is irrelevant . 
  the us is basically nato . 
  they have the power to pull the plug , they have the power to practically suspend members . 
  what 's ridiculous is not doing what you promised time and time again , while decieving people pretending they were some sort of simple fools . 
  it 's fine to spend less than what you promised , you can just leave nato . 
  but that 's not what you want is it ? 
  you want the cake but not contribute anything . 
  in that case the one paying for the cake ( us ) should take your slice and give it to someone who 's willing to do something in return . 
  alternative could be a mandatory label ` warning contains pah 's , may cause cancer ' on the package . 
  look into ways to suspend members , i do n't know . 
  there should be some serious sanctions . 
  makes sense , i think the us has had enough patience and it 's time to deliver . 
  ` large parts ' are a mechanized battallion of 16 tanks which is merged for the one reason of cost saving . 
  government did n't want tanks anymore , army did , so they made up some half-assed agreement with germany . 
  this is not positive nor a good precedent , we need to invest in defense , not merge it to squize the last pennies out of it . 
  it usually does n't end well . 
  they did n't come here to integrate either . 
  that may make sense , but we brought all these people here , so we 're going to have to change things . 
  in some cases that may require natives to integrate into foreign majority communities . 
  if they did n't want that , then they should n't have brought all these people here . 
  votes on the pvv were used as an indication for lack of integration . 
  the high amount of pvv voters in native minority neighbourhoods was considered a lack of integration . 
  they argued people moving from more rural area 's failed to integrate into the multicultural city of the future . 
  yes . 
  but it does make sense in a macaber way , i mean it 's an important question , if the natives become a minority , should n't they integrate into the majority ? 
  no , there 's really a research being done about how to integrate native dutch into the new majority . 
  the research kicked of by the presumption that native dutch are less succesful at integration than turks . 
  i could n't believe it myself either , but it really is n't the onion , or speld . 
  portugal does n't have the money , it first needs to reduce its debts and interest payments and it needs substantial reforms to get its economy going . 
  * pick controversial subject * kick-off by saying how bad it is * create hyperbole * let conversation partner ( s ) reinforce and expand hyperbole * do n't stop here , bring it to a climax ` those pensions are really awful these days ! ', 
  ` yea , yea , we 're probably working until we 're 80 ! ', 
  ` no we wo n't have pensions at all ! ', 
  ` that 's right we 're working for it our entire lifes and it 's all stolen ! ', 
  you 're on third place , but it still is n't much . 
  the entire british production ( 38,6 bcm ) would be just enough to satisfy dutch domestic consumption . 
  it looked like a jab , but i misunderstood you then . 
  my apologies . 
  yes , a german nationalist . 
  instead we should hold duolingo negotiations , all participants are to be briefed and notulled in dutch and french . 
  maltese is better , because the eu does n't have sufficient translators for that . 
  those are not opinions , just nagging in true dutch fashion . 
  if it 's important , it 's worth complaining about . 
  he made a joke probably . 
  not realizing the current us president takes his lessons from tabloids . 
   oh we have n't done nothing ? 
  i would n't say that , just not enough . 
   gee , why did nobody tell me , i could have not paid all extra fees and pay more for everything while having a frozen wage !, 
  yes , yes , appeal to ridicule right away . 
  an honest conversation on the matter seems to be impossible here . 
  charles de gaulle was right , but 50 years later france is left with hollande . 
  that 's rather hypocritical of her , since we 're not going to make the paris accord , and the current government had no intention to , and they 're entering a new formation without the intention . 
  pretty sure we were there as one of the first , a year before the uk . 
  first bombing raid on isis by the rnlaf was conducted on october 7th , 2014 . 
  though it was only later expanded to syria . 
  they 're 2014 estimates , it 's going to be reduced by like 30-40 % in the next years due to earthquakes . 
  when you let all things go to shit , i 'm sure someone is going to take the helm at some point yes . 
  the netherlands too , has been for a long time . 
  6 rnaf f16 's are stationed there . 
  no problem , keep in mind these are all ` pilseners ' , a light refreshing beer but nothing special , and if you 're going out you can drink plenty of them and the taste wo n't get boring . 
  if you really want something special you could try ` us heit ' or ` brouwerij ' t ij ' or something similar . 
  they have a wide variety of special beers , both of them very good ones , and can be bought in ` souvenir packages ' with a handful of tastes and sometimes some brand labelled glasses with them in liquor stores . 
  eu flags can be seen in people 's garden or on companies here and there in the netherlands . 
  of course the eu flag is nationalism all the same , and is in no way opposit to nationalism , just paralell being a different stream of it . 
  german and italian nationalism has , but i see no reason to equate others to them . 
  flags are pretty common to have on your facade or in your garden . 
  often it 's provincial flags though , but the national ones on holidays or remembrance ( half-stick ) or when your son/daughter graduated a national flag with a backpack . 
  the eu has consistently said an independent scotland wo n't remain a member of the eu . 
  that has been a massive support for unionists . 
  i 'm increasingly getting the feeling we 're on the verge of something very bad happening setting off a chain of events . 
  trump , brexit , turkey , russia , eu-crises , it 's starting to look like a perfect storm . 
  hertog jan , bavaria , brand , heineken , amstel , grolsch , alfa , gulpener , dommelsch and wieckse are the most common brands of ` pilseners ' here . 
  if you 're really looking for beer , there are tons , but they 're all pretty small brands and very locally orientated . 
  and have them shoot hormones in them until dicks grow out of their ears ? 
  poor cows , i 'm sure there 's a field here somewhere for them to graze . 
  a certain nation has their lecture in better order . 
  it could 've been a joke , but if it really made you feel uncomfortable you should 've approached a manager . 
  what ? 
  or are you falling for one of the most persistent myths ? 
  our national anthem says willem is ` van duitsen bloed ' , what they failed to tell you is that ` duitsen ' means dutch , not german . 
  the word was interchangable at the time , before it split up into diets and duits . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://onzetaal.nl/taaladvies/ben-ik-van-dietsen-bloed ) that 's why the english call us ` dutch ' . 
   but we still need to do something indeed . 
  but instead you 're expecting others to do something . 
  you guys may downvote me , insult me , discriminate against me based on my nationality , i do n't really mind i have a thick skin , but be prepared to recieve the same response from the rest of the country when crisis hits .
