  that 's not that impossible . 
  would that be a disaster ? 
  kosovo is n't exactly a success story . 
  something needs to be done about it sooner or later . 
   how many ~ ~ vans ~ ~ [ ... ] lorries , it 's the uk , not new england . 
  i assume you 'll be the judge of who knows and/or is informed on what he/she 's voting for ? 
  spare me your discontempt for your fellow people , you 're not a hair better than the next one . 
   it really depends what you mean by `` racist '' you know really well what is racist these days . 
  for example supporting brexit , border controls , a visa-system , or even worse . 
   i agree , but on a large enough scale ( like a country ) this should even out . 
  i can only see that evening out in the case of a direct democracy . 
  because it is n't evening out in the current situation . 
   the solution to this is to expose people to ideas , not prevent ideas from being heard . 
  that would only work if all people support fundamental rules on conduct in discourse . 
  which is and will not be the case . 
   because the only place to solve it is at an eu level . 
  the eu is the one place where it can not be solved . 
   the eu does not facilitate and support mass immigration . 
  that 's exactly what the eu does . 
   and it is causing division , strife and terrorism . 
  that 's what it is meant to cause , and it has barely started . 
   the eu is the last stand of independent european nations . 
  that 's another contradiction , a completely nonsensical one as well considering what you wrote before . 
  there will either be independent european nations or there will be an eu , not both . 
  one will be build on the ashes of the other . 
  what if your argument is racist , better than someone elses or plain unprogressive ? 
  it all sounds so good , but too many people have too many excuses to discard of any opposing arguments without having to consider them to ever hold a healthy discourse . 
  right chaps , back to the drawing board . 
  plan of approach ; * buy screw driver * buy screw * buy small drill work schedule ; * drill small hole * hold screw-tip against small hole * turn screw driver until screw is fully inserted * open a guinness and boast at the next tea party you 'll be attending, 
   the solution is to inform them then , the problem is that his/her definition of being uninformed is to disgree with / u/aka _ sotof ` informing them ' in that sense would rule out any form of democracy . 
  that 's an issue if you keep lying to people , they wo n't believe you anymore , even when you speak the truth . 
   yep . 
  it 's very strange to be pro-eu and anti-mass-immigration . 
  for some reason you can not be both ? 
  it 's contradictory to be both . 
  why would you be against mass-immigration , but pro- an organisation that facilitates and supports mass-immigration ? 
   it 's just rational to find a solution at an eu level when it is an eu-wide problem in my opinion . 
  there 's no solution at an eu-level because there 's no problem at an eu-level , the mass-immigration is working out great , the destruction of european societies is necessary for this european superstate to form . 
  i do n't think a bully is the best figure of speech . 
  most of nato is a bully themselves . 
  france to libya , turkey to cyprus and greece , germany to greece etc. 
  but that does n't help ukraine a lot , as ukraine was part of neither bullies the past years . 
  schulz only ever made a stand for himself , as that 's the only thing he ever cared about . 
  britain has always sided with israel , hardly a shock . 
  when israel stole french navy patrol boats from cherbourg the british navy told them ` bon voyage ' as the french prepared an airstrike on them . 
   finland should be absorbed into russia . 
  southern finland will be combined with the republic of karelia and northern finland will be `` donated to murmansk oblast '' . 
  [ 1 ] should improve our international rankings here and there . 
  franco-german , fuck of with the rest , thank you . 
  any moment now . 
  the common panic and fear mongering of the media is hilarious . 
  all he said was that nato is obsolete due to it being focussed on being a counterbalance to an entity ( ussr ) that no longer exists , while trump rightfuly said the biggest threat to our security is terrorism , not russia . 
  ergo to get nato to terms with the modern world it needs to be more focussed on the current security threats , as well as based on more mutual solidarity . 
  as instead of a cooperation it has become a us security guarantee for countries who do n't want to spend money . 
  but they all only read the ` nato is obsolete ' and go on a mindless rage . 
  i for one think he 's right , nato is obsolete , needs to change , and needs more solidarity . 
  switserland already is n't part of the eu , there 's no ` us ' , you guys and girls are n't a target . 
  couple of years and whatever remains of the eu will have a trade war with the entire world if you listen to the federalists on reddit . 
   but modern sports car are too complicated to be manual these days . 
   an automatic in a modern sports car will outperform a manual , as i said initially . 
  you should read the replies you 're responding to . 
  over 80 % of the cars sold in europe are manual . 
  the high amount of automatics is due to the us ;  last year overall , only 3.8 percent of all vehicles sold in the us used manual transmission , a number that had fallen in the two previous years from 4.4 % in 2009 . 
   the rise , according to usa today , could be linked with the surge in small , fuel efficient cars in the us , with the publication noting that smaller vehicles yield the most power from manual transmissions , which are also normally cheaper than automatics . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://www.nydailynews.com/autos/americans-driving-stick-shift-article-1.1072784 ) which is nothing new . 
  pretty much all private vehicles in europe remain stick-shifters . 
  the reality was that the negotiations were very difficult and at the edge from the start . 
  they never worked everything out nor ever reached a point with everyone agreeing , nor did the pvv suddenly pull out . 
  they were too far apart and failed to reach a deal , a healthy situation in a democracy which led to new elections and new attempts . 
  much like sweden then . 
  if you import them from africa like in the good old times you 'll have even more . 
  and forcing the same people to work for naught will of course change them into suitable candidates . 
   and if it does , do you get the right kind of people ? 
  that 's where you have screening procedures for . 
  did your employer hire you based on an e-mail ? 
  or did you have a conversation and all that to determine you were a good candidate for a vacancy ? 
  why would that be different in the army ? 
  a good automatic is never faster than a good manual in an everyday car . 
  at most it would compensate ( part of ) its own losses in terms of fuel economy . 
  but top speed , costs and acceleration will remain behind either way . 
  you 're one of those ` i 'll leave these fumes in somebody elses face and environment but they are behind me now ' types ? 
  horrible person you must be then , is it too much to ask to have that little compassion ? 
  cvt 's are the least efficient transmissions for everyday cars . 
  they 're good at accelerating , but horrible at constant speeds . 
  manual is just the best choice , that 's why 90 % of the cars on the roads are manual . 
  it will change , when we switch to electric cars . 
  because high performance engines introduce a new aspect which favours an automatic transmission ; better electronic control of traction . 
  entry level automatic gearboxes will lose from manual boxes . 
  it seems it 's too early to tell , but there are indications . 
  let 's trust in the americans to find it out again wether it 's the case . 
  for context , some people think not agreeing to an extensive austerity package is ` no good reason ' . 
  others think being able to not support austerity measures you do n't support is a good reason and well , politics . 
   the regulator has traced this back to undisclosed software that , under some circumstances , alters the characteristics of emissions controls . 
  crucially , however , the epa has not determined whether these bits of software constitute a defeat device . 
  only if it decides that they are indeed defeat devices would fca become liable for the same degree of punishment it meted out to vw . 
   but if those organisations are a necessity for the survival of your country somehow andorra and san marino get by , let 's not get carried away here . 
   and there 's no other way to keep them staffed , sure . 
  wages and labour conditions can get them staffed . 
  they 'll cost you money , but welcome to economics , where we make decisions based on scarcity because we believe that guides us to the path of least resistance . 
   people who enjoy the benefits of living in a society should also shoulder the responsilities to maintain that society .
