  the eurozone will live for as long as the members want it to . 
  it 's perfectly possible for it to exist without fiscal union as it has done for 16 years . 
  except cyanide will kill you , and the eurozone will live on for as long as the members want it to . 
  so very much possible . 
  [ yes . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5v3u2h/the_greek_bomb_in_the_eus_foundations_germany/ddz6emv/ ), 
  of course you wo n't , you 're entitled to your opinion even if it 's irrational . 
  just wanted to clear up that you are n't speaking the truth . 
  but possible none the less . 
   you can do a fiscal union without a currency union , but you can not do the opposite so the eurozone is an illusion ? 
  a natural anomaly ? 
  a paranormal tender ? 
  no it was n't . 
  if it was you would actually have something to offer of politicians stating the start of federal europe with the introduction of the euro and i would n't have to go only by your opinion . 
  it was n't . 
  that 's just how you interpret it , and that 's your party . 
  no it was n't . 
  more like 10 projected seats , and he keeps canceling live debates . 
  one tv-broadcaster actually considered to put a cardboard wilders at the table if he continues to not show up . 
  perhaps , perhaps not . 
  that 's not that simple . 
  the currency union was created without fiscal union , so either it was never meant to be a long-term union , or perhaps a fiscal union is n't needed . 
  as i said , there are more countries than greece . 
  some countries do n't want a fiscal union . 
   a currency union without that is doomed to fail . 
  if that 's true , then so be it . 
  what 's ` complete the currency union ' ? 
  because there are more countries than greece that have citizens , a democracy and an electorate . 
  as long as the greeks are n't ready to leave the eurozone there 's not really an alternative to austerity . 
  come again ? 
  of course , but they were handled differently when they came . 
  i think he meant death camp not concentration camp . 
  kamp vught was a concentration camp but not a death camp , kamp erika/ommen was a judicial camp for ` criminals ' . 
  yes they were . 
  but the moroccans did came to work , the moluccans did n't . 
  that gave them an advantage as far as integration/adoption into the community goes . 
   this article :  http://www.volkskrant.nl/binnenland/aivd-haalt-diskettes-bij-reporter-weg%7ea679770/  which i cited does no such thing . 
  the second one you mentioned does . 
   `` ijssel '' do you mean ijssel ? 
  but interesting history behind the name , the wikipedia page confirms what you 're saying . 
  yes , has been for a long time . 
  moluccans are a people from indonesia , we were a bit spiteful after indonesian independence from us in 1947 and promised we would severe indonesia and give them their own state . 
  until such time we created that state they were allowed to stay in the netherlands . 
  ( but this all did n't turned out as it was supposed to ), 
   funny thing is , we already fucked it up in the fifties with the moluccans . 
  we put them in segregated neighbourhoods and concentration camps ( and i 'm not exaggerating here ) and the moluccans continue to be a problem group even now , there have even been terrorist attacks by moluccans in the seventies . 
   that 's because they were intended to return home after we gave them their new state in indonesia . 
  the article interviews an acquaintance who often visited the bar where it supposedly happened and said it did n't happen . 
  ( ` the underaged moroccan boys ' ) the source is supposedly thumbdrives from the intelligence department which were never made public , so the proof is non-existent . 
  as far as the rimming , i had to google it , wish i did n't , but whatever floated his boat . 
  if it 's consenting adults it 's not really our business . 
  that 's the story , but the finding of different caliber bullets which were fired from different position ( one from the rear in his head the others from his front ) have had him linked to a second gunman , supposedly a lebanese assassin posing as an electrician . 
  the refusal of the government to provide him protection ( even though he was under constant death threat which most organizations who invited him solved by hiring private security for his visits ) , the impossible response time of authorities , the irrational flight plath , and pictures of politicians celebrating his death with champagne have led to many rumors . 
  it was actually his private driver that chased the gunman ( even though he was unarmed ) . 
  the gunman aimed his gun at him but he kept running for him . 
  very brave man . 
  a very caring provincialist altruist , with a dose of elitism . 
  a calm person with a vision , hard to dissuade and always civil . 
  of course . 
  flevoland is listed as ` unknown ' , but the name comes from ` lacus flevo ' ( lake of flevo ) , a roman derivate of flevum , which is roman for ` vliestroom ' ( the germanic name given to the area ) so it should be italic . 
  i do n't know why overijssel is listed as half ` indo-european/unknown/other ' but it 's germanic . 
  it comes from ` oversticht ' which is based on ` sticht ' , a germanic word for a bisdom . 
  too bad i do n't live in europe . 
  unilevers ' assets are 3-4 times that of kraft . 
  yes but as far as i understand they want to do a higher bid . 
  they could also opt for a hostile take-over . 
  because if it happens every day it is no longer * new * s. 
  canada and australia do n't use them on carriers either . 
  even so f-15 's are still a very capable airplane . 
  aircrafts use feet . 
  commercial ones too , even in non-imperial countries . 
  absolutely , this wo n't go down well . 
  unilever would be asset strapped to pay for the loans needed to acquire them . 
  it will lead to massive loss of employment and activities in the netherlands/uk . 
  this is not how things are ought to work either in a free market . 
  they 're even worse of in spain then they would be here which is why they do n't want to go there . 
  benefits in spain are even lower , and spain barely has any muslim communities . 
  the netherlands for example has 3x as much muslims as spain per capita . 
  jobs are even more scarce too in spain . 
  i do n't understand why you * want * refugees so badly , and i do n't think i ever will . 
  you realize they 're not domesticated pets right ? 
  you wo n't cuddle them , they wo n't be placed in zoo 's , they 're just people looking for a better life . 
  what exactly makes you crave for refugees as if you would for a sigaret ? 
  i totally understand if you want to be welcoming to people that would like to live next to you , but what on earth makes you want to welcome people that do n't want you ? 
  usually it 's american . 
  qualcomm just fetched the dutch nxp ( ironically a former philips spin-off ) for 50 billion dollar , and kraft did a bidding on unilever last week despite unilever being 4x as large . 
  we 've been in a nation wide wholesale for years . 
  couple more of these years and we would be happy if the supermarket around the corner was at least still ours . 
  syria was n't really a bad country in terms of prosperity , not much worse than spain . 
  but many , most even i believe , migrants are n't from syria . 
  and jobs are hard to find in spain , especially blue-collar which is what they 're looking for . 
   by that rule , you wo n't find more prosperity in the netherlands than in syria . 
  jokes on you , they wo n't . 
  it 's really not that great to come to the netherlands as a ` refugee ' . 
  that 's also why sweden and germany are more popular . 
  you end up in some converted gym or prison with 600-1200 fellow refugees and from there you 're going to have to build a life , but it will take years and it 's not going to be great . 
  odds are you will be send home too eventually . 
  the language is hard , jobs are pretty hard too , especially if you do n't speak the language . 
  and without a degree in something you can stop looking altogether because you will need something . 
  many radicalize exactly for this reason , they see our life and they want that , they come here but do n't get it .
