  they could work with them if they get votes in march . 
   vvd , d66 , and pvv . 
  vnl and forum voor democratie can be added for next election . 
  because we 're not german and we believe in opposition and pluralism . 
   sorry but i are full of shit and have never read the a study about integration i suppose you 're right , it 's good that you have this amount of self reflection though . 
   did you just ignore everything else i said to cherry pick those sentences out of context ? 
  when everything is build upon a false assumption there 's little point in adressing what follows from that . 
   all studies to this topic link education to integration . 
  they do n't . 
   more educated people tend to adopt the values of the host countries faster , min with the native mores etc. 
  we 'll have to believe your word on that , it however still does not equate education to integration , nor does it imply better integration performance between ethnicities . 
   education is inherently linked to your success in life which is something different then integration . 
   and thus education by itself is a pretty good marker for integration it is not . 
  you can be succesful and still be unintegrated . 
  in what way does doing well in education reflect on integration ? 
  if educated italians move to germany because middle-class wages are higher and jobs more numerous it is natural they do better than uneducated turkish migrants who moved to germany because low-skilled labour is better paid in germany . 
  the problem is defining what ` integration ' means , in my opinion it is inter-ethnic relationships and general interaction . 
  this is to a large extent influenced by historic migration and therefor present communities of certain ethnicities , these being equal , the ` integration performance ' is pretty much equal , and it 's pretty bad . 
  birds of a feather flock together holds true here . 
  i 'm sorry but you 're the one being disingenuous here , not me . 
  i hope you understand what the expression means now . 
  jews were dutch as well you know . 
  the problem seems to be the nazi apologists like you here , not the ones that killed nazi 's . 
  praise be to them . 
  murder was highly illegal , the germans would no doubt have shot you for it . 
  yes , but she murdered the right people . 
  she was executed by a compatriot it seems , an nsb member . 
  against an agreement the resistance had with the german occupiers that no women were to be executed in the last stage of the war . 
  there 's a memorial plaque ( close to ? ), 
  [ where she got ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/hannie_schaft#/media/file:grafsteen_hannie_schaft_-_erebegraafplaats_bloemendaal.jpg ) executed apparently , next to 346 other resistance members who were executed in the province of north holland . 
  mass migration can be legal , illegal or both . 
  the ` mass ' just indicates a large number , it does not limit the nature of said number to be of illegal origin . 
  integration succeeds , or rather fails , for all groups roughly equal in researches i 've seen about the matter . 
  italians for example integrate at the same rate as turks or somalians ( or rather they do not ) when you quantify integration as a set of measurable objective variables ( inter-ethnic communication , relationships , adoption of local values etc. ), 
  issue is , nobody really has a problem with an italian being an italian in germany , while a turk being a turk in germany gets less satisfactory , let alone a saudi arabian being a saudi arabian in germany . 
  so when you define ` being integrated ' as ` as a group they do not cause widespread problems or controverse ' some groups do better then others , but when you define ` integration ' as a set of measurable objective values integration along the line is virtually equal , however the problems caused by lack of integration are far from . 
   job cohen for a country that loves coffee he sure popularized tea . 
  ah , on that bicycle . 
  the german raf no less , but what about the british luftwaffe . 
  the rest of the netherlands and belgium too . 
  political opposition = literally hitler . 
  solid logic hanz . 
  when the grand unification happens we 'll be on place 10 . 
  well in december of 2015 . 
  december 2016 , so as of now , we 've added another 90.000 to a grand total of ~ ~ 17.090.006 ~ ~ people , 17.090.005 , damn somebody just left . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://www.cbs.nl/nl-nl/visualisaties/bevolkingsteller ), 
  germany attacked its own communication station as well in 1939 , it was supposedly the casus belli for the invasion of poland . 
  what 's interesting is that nearly nobody knows of this , while recent such staged events tend to be more enduring in the public sphere . 
   every nation in europe proudly declares that it 's made multiculturalism work . 
   it did once , when multiculturialism still meant people who ate different food , listened to other music , and dressed with different cloths . 
  it worked well until it started to mean people who want to throw gays from sky-scrapers or not , people who want to shove a machete up somebody 's spine if he draws something haram , and people who blow up metro 's , airports , gangrape for new years celebrations and that sort of thing . 
  that 's when multiculturialism did n't work anymore . 
  russian enclaves . 
   ( excepting choclate of course :p ) --  in 1815 , dutch chemist coenraad van houten introduced alkaline salts to chocolate , which reduced its bitterness . 
  [ 19 ] a few years thereafter , in 1828 , he created a press to remove about half the natural fat ( cocoa butter or cacao butter ) from chocolate liquor , which made chocolate both cheaper to produce and more consistent in quality . 
  this innovation introduced the modern era of chocolate . 
  [ 23 ] glad we made you happy . 
    but rather that we have high culinary standards/rankings that is true , a more mediterranean style of eating you guys have . 
  south of zuid-holland/gelderland it 's okay to spend more than 30 minutes in the kitchen . 
   is turkey feminine in turkish or was that just a mistake ? 
   many cultures refer to their homeland as feminine , others as ` masculine ' ( like germans and dutch - vaderland/fatherland ) turks refer to their country as ` mother ( home ) land ' . 
  now that would be great would n't it . 
  see there 's the problem , people like you . 
  fortunately we 've had a solution for that since 1945 , called us hegemony . 
  hard to quantify likelyhood . 
  the coalition has 22 out 75 seats in the senate , however labour ( the other coalition party ) now has a new party leader , which will generally want to set a new course for the party months before election , so they could break ranks . 
  but if they do n't , they will need the cda and d66 , the former has been and remains skeptical . 
  but it 's possible the parties ' vote will be divided . 
  we 'll have to wait and see . 
  nato has existed without the eu , and can perfectly do so again . 
  the alternative to the eu is n't ` hostile neighbours ' , in fact the eu has not stopped us from being hostile ` neighbours ' . 
  mine sounds more biblical . 
  stability and safety is provided by the us , for the rest there are some benefits , but it 's not worth it . 
  nato provides stability and safety , the eu does not . 
  quite the contrary . 
  i 'm just kidding . 
  serious though , belgians are always so full of themselves when it comes to food , yet the only belgian food is friet , and particularly those flat wide flamish fries , the other fries are not specially belgian . 
  the rest of the kitchen is mixed french and dutch . 
  yes you invented friet , copied it from patat and gave it your own name . 
   , have been to amsterdam though . 
  if you have been in amsterdam you should 've tried ` brouwerij ' t ij ' . 
  best dutch beer are local small breweries , keep in mind the netherlands produces signifcantly more beer than belgium , and the big brands ( grolsch , heineken , hertog jan , dommelsch , amstel etc. ), 
  are generic large scale producers , not the best flavour , but the best sellers . 
   ( they even have food-walls , yes walls from which you buy food , like a cheapskate oversized vending machine ... ) / u/shoryukenist or any other american would feel right at home at the febo . 
   they love our food , we do ? 
  if i would want to eat snails i would go to france , and your friet is just some cheap rip of from our patat . 
   they have terrible beer in the netherlands looks like some american has spend his summer vacation in belgium . 
  their propaganda has risen to your head . 
  we make good beer , and belgians ca n't make patat , only some bad copy they call ` friet ' . 
   your approach might work out better than ours in the long run , though ... yours has already worked out better , and will work out better in the future . 
  if hitler had not gone to war there would not have been a vacuum to fill . 
   now if you have an actual reliable source to prove me wrong i 'd be happy for you to come up with it . 
   different sources use different calculations , you have already clearly said you do n't care about numbers because they do n't matter , since you 've made up your mind . 
  little point in arguing then . 
  downvote for a downvote , you do n't want it , then do n't do it yourself . 
  downvoting is all you people do . 
   i much rather trust our official cbs ( central bureau of statistics ) myself . 
  they do n't contradict each other , the cbs statistics are an average of 2000-2015 , the other is only 2015 . 
  ** so the east is not important at all , less important to us then to others even , while we pay more . 
  it 's not for you , it 's for the eastern half of the continent which you left under soviet occupation for nearly half a century .
