  extreme right in the netherlands has risen substantially since trump . 
  it 's one thing for anglosaxon media to not understand the first thing about a pluralist democracy , but from a german i had expected more . 
  not to burst your bubble , but the pvv had over 33 % more votes than last time . 
   do you even know that unemployed citizens do not have the right to reside permanently ? 
  do you know the uk never even took advantage of the rules that were already in place ? 
   it 's not about unemployed , but rather about employed migrants . 
  the country was under a massive strain , and nobody was willing to relief that , even temporarily . 
   they did n't take the option of limiting migration when they first joined . 
  when the uk joined they were economically an outlier , this was not a problem at the time . 
  the immigration problem for the uk started to take form as recent as 2008 , and tooka turn for the worse from 2011/2013 to now . 
  well yes , but there 's no ` one-size fits all ' for all our diverse companions . 
  if they wanted a union ` understandible for the average person ' they should 've picked a smaller club like the weu . 
  immigration restriction . 
  remain would 've almost certainly won if the eu allowed even the faintest form of limiting immigration ( say an annual cap ) , even if temporary . 
  but they valued freedom of movement more so than the uk , which is reasonable , but it is also reasonable for the uk to have recieved some form of , even termporary , relief . 
  it 's one of the best performing economies in the west , loads of low-skill jobs , it speaks english , and most of europe is/was stagnant and/or in crisis and/or very poor . 
  our own justice department seemed to disagree . 
  while the national prosecutor office concluded that it saw no benefits to eppo , it also saw no downsides . 
  it 's pretty much another useless bureaucratic layer if you will . 
  but we do n't participate , i do support the ` multi-speed ' and we should n't stop others from doing it if they do see benefits . 
   eat ~ ~ kebab ~ ~ gyros till there 's no more !, 
   so asians are not really come to libya . 
  which makes at least part of your last post rather ... silly . 
  i do n't know what part of the sentence you failed to understand , but i ca n't imagine it was that complicated . 
  you 're on the pro-drowning side . 
   no i 'm on the exact opposit side . 
   i was also unaware that asians were apparently coming into europe from libya . 
  we do n't all pay a lot of attention to certain subjects , but yes , recent boats have even seen bangladeshi majorities on them . 
  the ferry-business is in libya , so that 's the prefered point of departure for the illegal migrants . 
  because the us is n't picking them up in libya . 
  but it 's not wrong , they 're allowed to evade taxes . 
  so that makes two rights . 
  both aisopos and apple will be hit equally , as when aisopos ca n't afford an iphone anymore , apple wo n't sell one . 
  but of course aisopos wo n't be hit , because our government says tax evasion is good for the economy , right ? 
  i 'm not a tax authority . 
  let 's not forget we allow and even help them evade taxes too , if starbucks , ikea , greek mining business or apple does n't have to pay taxes , then why should aisopos the restaurant owner ? 
  paying taxes use to be a civic duty , now it 's state-theft from the mundane folk . 
  they 'll charge you more . 
  one of the reasons i sometimes agree to cash payments is because the difference is split . 
  good , we could use some positive news after the brexit thing really taking off now . 
  move all africans and asians to europe . 
  yugoslavian economic area , or yea for short ? 
  it 's american . 
  she hates anything american . 
  they 've been working on it lately , but the ef was meant to be an air superiority fighter , the producing countries had the panavia tornado to do the ` multipurpose ' tasks . 
  oh no , i realized it was meant serious . 
  but it 's so pathetic that it is humouress , despite the intent of the person posting it . 
  [ exhibit number 2 ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/620b7h/dont_forget_to_set_your_clocks_back_44_years/?utm_content=comments&amp;utm_medium=hot&amp;utm_source=reddit&amp;utm_name=unitedkingdom ), 
  the grant is aimed at people who have already been in the eu 's educational cycle . 
  assuming the encouragement to travel is a pr campaign to get the youth more involved/interested in ` europe ' , that 's not a very succesful way of going about that . 
  bad does n't begin to describe italy 's state . 
  you know you 've really screwed up when the chinese protest . 
  yes and the assembly of mini 's and formerly nissans at vdl/nedcar in that area too , but that 's not a large industry in comparison . 
  all aboard , the train is about to depart . 
  the gripen is probably the best fighter jet of europe at the moment . 
  not in terms of capabilities or anything specific , but in terms of the whole package . 
  ( price , operations , abilities ( fly hours , maintenance , weaponsystems etc. ), 
  this is also reflected in its sales lecture , they sold gripens to south africa , hungary , czech republic , brazil and thailand , hell even the uk bought gripens for its flight school . 
  neither of them make a good comparison to the f-35 . 
  simple case of markets at work . 
  pretty much everybody turned their back on the rafale , they managed to sell 30 planes to egypt , 24 to qatar and 36 to india . 
  a total of 90 sold planes , it should be pretty obvious that 90 sold units are n't much of a success . 
  the eurofighter sold a few more , 28 to kuwait , 12 to oman , and 72 to saudi arabia , though in the scheme of things both are only sold to arabic oil states because they accept bribes , with the exception of india , who buys a dozen of all available jets in the world to take them apart and build their own one day . 
  there 's a reason no one else wants these planes , they 're mediocre at best and are sold for sky-high prices because you need to divide the development costs by 90 , not 3500 like for example the f-35 . 
  in the class of mediocre aircraft , the competition makes it a done deal . 
  you pick an f-18 , f-15 or f-16 ng , proven , reliable , cheap and very capable jets with a wide market of weapons and upgrades and longivity . 
  it was not a reference to the generation , but rather to interest shown in the plane . 
  france build 160 rafale 's , the ef program build 500 jets . 
  hence the ef is more succesful . 
  the last time the germans tried to construct a drone simply by modifying an american/israeli drone it ended up in wasting millions , a near collision and air distaster , and not even being able to acquire a rating allowing it to fly in germany before they scuttled the project and decided to buy an unmodified american drone instead . 
  what it was required to do was air superiority . 
  this led to the ef lacking multiplatform capabilities . 
  the us is not hostile , it remains the most important partner in the world to european countries , and unlike with european defense procurement , they do n't expect you to subsidize their industry , but they 're willing to offer a fair and honest deal that is mutually beneficial . 
  this is something germany or france would never give anyone , every penny would be claimed and no room would be given for any mutually beneficial cooperation , that 's why the ef project failed and fell apart , even between the regional powers . 
  let alone an innocent country like denmark or norway trying to opt-in , they would be robbed blind in clear day light . 
  luckily instead they had the opportunity to participate in the f-35 program . 
  the americans did have the knowledge and capacity of course , after all they already build a 5th generation plane , the f-22 . 
  constructing 3500 planes of a type that will be the global standard of the fighter jet of the future is an expensive business , but it created the most advanced exportable fighter jet in the world for a very low price . 
  more succesful than the rafale , but still not a great success . 
  because building a european fifth generation plane will be a pulling contest ending in an outrageously expensive jet in which 90 % of the countries involved can only be expected to subsidies a foreign industry and get at most a ` thank you ' and moderate jet in return . 
  not to mention nobody in europe has the capacity or knowledge to build a 5th generation jet . 
  imposing a precedent of revoking article 50 gravely undermines the eu 's negotiating position . 
  the eu had the ` no agreement , hard brexit ' threat , if the 2 year negotiations now do not yield any agreement , the uk can simply revoke article 50 and restart it next week until the desired result is reached . 
  for the eu it is best to keep pressure on things to facilitate a quick transition to a new relation . 
  obviously it 's meant vice versa . 
  should n't be too hard to understand . 
  on the contrary , assembly and simple manufacturing is n't done in the netherlands anymore , but we do have some susbtantial industries . 
  for example steel , chemicals , large industrial ( ships , trucks , rigs ) equipment , and high-tech stuff ( the machines that makes your intel , amd or arm chip comes from eindhoven ) . 
  communication chips and antenna 's in our phone , tablet , laptop ( wifi , gsm , bluetooth , nfc ) are also widely produced in the netherlands . 
  your iphone for example connects to the internet thanks to an nxp chip produced in eindhoven . 
  in fact about 90 % of all complicated ic chips in the world ( all intel , amd , nvidia , ati , arm chips ) are produced on dutch machines . 
  50 % of all medical isotopes in the world are also produced in the netherlands ( petten ) . 
   we imported those from china . 
  that has changed a lot the past years . 
  though much of the low-cost simple manufacturing now comes from poland , romania or italy . 
  ing , aegon and nationale nederlanden are pretty big as well . 
  and let 's not forget vitol ( $ 230 billion annual turnover ) , the second largest dutch company ( just after shell ), 
   how about those off-shore turbines ? 
  they need to be outside shipping lanes , and not too far from the coast due to conversion/transport . 
  estonia or denmark are sparsely populated and have the room for that , we do not .
