  the problem with men being allowed to have 4 wives but women being stoned to death for having more than one man is that you need to have a 4:1 gender ratio , which is impossible . 
  no , he apparently carries a machete and a sawn of rifle , french security services are busy . 
   a source told reuters there was no indication that the incident was linked to terrorism . 
  let 's not get carried away too fast , seems it is not known what 's going on . 
  this is about the lowest form of journalism in existence , and it 's the second media source posted on here today that does it . 
  the media 's bias has been clear , but they 're starting to take it to new levels now with a witch hunt . 
   so , how is that turmoil in the ez ? 
  looks to me like the trouble is coming from outside the ez , italian referendum , french elections . 
  so the media has started a witch hunt . 
  they 're really leaving no doubt regarding the credibility of western media . 
  unless it is done on purpose . 
  also notice the scottish border . 
  it seems very unlikely this was done by accident , because it 's inconsistent . 
  germany reunified in 1990 , belarus declared independence in 1991 . 
  so they either used multiple maps for reference or no map at all . 
  no but you should avoid being dishonest , it means the hypocracy argument no longer holds . 
  there 's no conflict of integrity in legally migrating to somewhere else when you 're not against legal migration , but just want to change what constitutes legal migration . 
  i suppose that 's not an easy feat , as long as you clean-up afterwards , it 's not very hygienic . 
  no you do n't . 
  what a fucking mess , incredible . 
  he 's not ` anti-immigration ' . 
  wanting reasonable limits and legal requirements for migration is not ` anti-immigration ' . 
  do n't let a good shit-on-brits thread go to waste . 
  it 's the eu he 's fucking with , not hillary . 
   ` we will arrange fewer moroccans ' is not racist . 
  discriminating ? 
  well obviously . 
   his defense had that covered , they had a university professor in sociology i believe as witness in court which stated ` moroccan ' is not a race . 
  if he loses the trial i will vote for him . 
  i 'm not a fan of him , but this is more important then him , his party or the elections . 
  i assume it 's settled then , he did n't say anything racist ( up until someone provides proof otherwise , i do n't hear or see everything ) and he did n't say mexicans or immigr . 
  are rapists . 
  yes he is , stop spreading falsehoods and lies by pulling things out of context . 
   on wednesday , trump , who is a republican presidential candidate , told lemon he was pulling his facts from a fusion article . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2015/07/01/politics/donald-trump-immigrants-raping-comments/ ) [ there you go ] ( http://fusion.net/story/17321/is-rape-the-price-to-pay-for-migrant-women-chasing-the-american-dream/ )  a staggering 80 percent of central american girls and women crossing mexico en route to the united states are raped along the way , according to directors of migrant shelters interviewed by fusion . 
   that 's up from previous reports by non-profit organizations like amnesty international that estimate the number at 60 percent . 
   `` if you look at the statistics of people coming , you look at the statistics on rape , on crime , on everything coming in illegally into this country it 's mind-boggling ! '' he said in an interview with cnn on wednesday night . 
  did you realize he 's talking about the rape of illegal migr . 
  women by human traficking networks in this quote ? 
   he said illegal immigrants are rapists and murderers . 
  source ? 
  it was a joke with the 1,01  point is , many people will argue they speak another language , but being able to speak a language is an abstract definition . 
  what constitutes speaking , being able to communicate effortlessly , or being able to ask where the supermarket is located ? 
  i have never heard trump say anything racist , i may have missed something , but he is n't a racist . 
  mad man perhaps , though anything is better than hillary . 
  all going according to plan , antwerpen will be the first to anschluss . 
  for the same reason france scores higher than 1,01 . 
  it is all overstated , people can ask for directions and where the bakery is in french and they suddenly speak another language . 
   lack of any discernable backbone , unwilling to shoulder any personal responsibility , prone to flip-flopping on issues even more so he 's like the male version of merkel ? 
  that just because she can form full sentences does n't make her ` serious ' , let alone competent . 
  [ wikipedia ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/nieuw_moscou ) mentions it is likely derived from moscow during the crimea war ( 19th century ) ( hence also ` de krim ' ( crimea ) which is very close to it ) they apparently called it moscow because it was desolate , just like moscow . 
  ( as in far away from civilization ) after ww2 they called it ` new moscow ' , because well , it was moscow , but it became a new village . 
  so obviously you call it new-moscow . 
  so like portugal . 
  was = waes -  swampy land , pik = pik -  pointy piece of land . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/waspik ) pik also means ` stealing ' , and also means ` accepting ' ( pik je dat ? ) . 
  welcome to dutch 101 , prepare for lingual anarchy . 
  no , but close to . 
  well , in african terms of ` close ' . 
  i do n't approve of hate speech laws . 
  i have , i do n't see the relevancy of your question though . 
  would you engage in a civil discussion over the arguments , or rather attack my character by lack there of ? 
  when i was in africa most advertisement and media were all white ironically . 
  probably , i read a lot of red flags in the article , ` cultural appropiation ' , good god , mixed race , what ? 
  these are not the kind of people i would like to be associated with , but i do n't care that much wether it is racist or not . 
  probably not a lot , i doubt there 's a market for that with most of the beauty magazines already being white by and large . 
  it 's just theoretical . 
   i know bro ... got ta get my bike in the lightest gear , i 'll be sweating and soaked once i reach the top . 
  they have bikes with electrical assistant motors for that these days , i 'm not climbing that without aid , what do you think it is , the route for the toer de frans ? 
  just some minor things , zurich is actually called surch , but locals did n't want to use that name because they were getting a lot of ( international ) visitors simply because of the name . 
  also in nieuwegein , gein is not a ` joke ' ( grap ) but more like ` banter ' . 
  i do n't see the problem , you can clearly see elevation on the forefront and in the distant left . 
  arguably , but does it matter ? 
  as long as people are allowed to host a ` white beauty magazine ' with only white models , or ` asian beauty magazines ' , or ` brown beauty magazines ' as well , i think there should be freedom of choice of the authors to make a magazine geared at a certain reader demographic . 
  the us 's rules make sense , european banks are relatively underfunded , overleveraged and subject to less strict rules and requirements . 
  they do not conform to us laws , so it 's reasonable for the us to demand separate guarantee for their american branches when their demands for tighter rules on european banks fell on deaf ears . 
  the eu 's response is just childish and dangerous , bring european banks to the same standards or see other countries demand guarantees in other forms . 
  sex , beer and um ... well nothing . 
  the map is generally of poor quality , all countries mentioned are given a dark shade , except the netherlands , corsica , balearic islands and that italian island i forgot the name of . 
  seems pretty sloppy . 
   https://diem25.org/cc/  some ` philosophers ' , a musician , a novelist , a pro- open borders campaigner , a fashion designer , an activist and an editor . 
  oh yes , that 's gon na be good . 
   agree she never looks happy but at least she takes things seriously , does she ? 
  she never struck me as one who understands what 's going on or particularly interested in it . 
  she 's pretty inane on issues that ought to have been taken serious . 
  unless by ` serious ' you mean she says some hollow buzzwords to keep up pretenses . 
  +1 we beat finland again . 
  not that i 'm aware of . 
  it 's an old word and not used anymore in this context . 
  tang in modern dutch means either an evil woman ( ` een tang van een vrouw ' ) or a pincer as in a work tool . 
  searching it that 's almost everything it gives as results . 
  so i ca n't find any information on the etymology of the word . 
  a dekzandrug is basically a sand hill/elevation created by the melting of ice during the ice ages , the melt water would carry the sand and deposit it in some places , people in the netherlands would either build towns on top of them because they would n't flood/cave in during high tide ( while the surroundings would ) or because it was strategical as defense . 
  that 's where the names of forts come from , but also some dutch towns end with ` tange ' or ` tang ' . 
  rommel ( who was ordered to lead the fortification until his forced suicide ) said the atlantic wall would only hold if the allies were immediately thrown back in the sea . 
  even when d-day commensed hitler was convinced it was a distraction and did not allow the launch of the needed counter attack . 
  they do n't need to , stick a knife in your car tire and it will sound like an ` ffff ' . 
  not exactly , the greek debt to gdp ratio is 175 % , that would be like 29 trillion for the us . 
   so you are saying a fair quota system would not be fair . 
  hard to argue against that kind of logic .
