  they can visit their parents with their dutch passport , dutch citizens have visa-free travel with morocco . 
  depends on the subject . 
  if it 's in the governments interest rule of law does n't exist ( thuiskopieheffing , bpm ) , if it is , then it naturally does . 
  freedom of religion is also limited , only certain religions are free . 
  for example you can wear a headscarf on your passport , but not a colander , because non-muslims do n't have religious rights . 
  he also promised to not give money to greece . 
  ` not a single euro ' we all know how that worked out , two governments further we 're still paying annual dues to greece . 
  arib is currently the speaker of the house . 
  at the time they opposed her because she has a double passport . 
  and i agree with that , people in parliament should n't have double passports at all . 
  amsterdam is n't the centre of attention , it use to be a poor city and did n't attract many of the labour migrants . 
  rotterdam and the hague is where it 's at , these had the jobs that maroccans and turks came for in the 1960 and onwards . 
  we 're still poorer then we were in 2008 . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://cdn.tradingeconomics.com/charts/netherlands-gdp-per-capita.png?s=nldnygdppcapkd&amp;v=201701171533t&amp;d1=20070101&amp;d2=20171231 ) there has been economic decline since , but also a slight growth . 
  but what people forget is that both the decline and growth coincided with an increase of the population . 
  ( of about 700.000 people since the crisis ) so that meager growth actually means we earned a bit less with more people , but having more money and more people does n't make you richer at all . 
  pvda is center left , gl is proper left-wing . 
  they do n't match with vvd and cda . 
  i smoked as well , i know all too well what it 's like . 
  i quit by vaping . 
  now i smoke electrical and smell of apple and orange instead . 
   yeah , its better than the alternative for me , it gives me unbelievable shits . 
  coffee definitely has an impact on your bowels , but if you drink it regularly you get use to it of course . 
  coffee is also just like smoking pretty addictive . 
  not exactly . 
   king william was not satisfied with the settlement drawn up in london and did not accept belgium 's claim of independence : it divided his kingdom and drastically affected his treasury . 
  from 2 -- 12 august 1831 the dutch army , headed by the dutch princes , invaded belgium , in the so-called `` ten days ' campaign '' , and defeated a makeshift belgian force near hasselt and leuven . 
  only the appearance of a french army under marshal g\u00e9rard caused the dutch to stop their advance . 
  while the victorious initial campaign gave the dutch an advantageous position in subsequent negotiations , the dutch were compelled to agree to an indefinite armistice , although they continued to hold the citadel in antwerp and occasionally bombarded the city until french forces forced them out in december 1832 . 
  william i would refuse to recognize a belgian state until april 1839 , when he had to yield under pressure by the treaty of london and reluctantly recognized a border which , with the exception of limburg and luxembourg , was basically the border of 1790 . 
  no coffeebreath comes from a lack of saliva and thus bacterial growth . 
  breath does n't come from the stomach , unless you 're a smoker . 
  there 's a valve down there . 
  ( which does n't go well with smoke ) and not drinking coffee ? 
  what 's next , naturalize and become a british citizen ? 
  i know , but following the belgian revolution the netherlands invaded and had reconquered most of belgium in days . 
  the belgians in a desperate attempt asked the french for aid , france invaded and the netherlands withdrew its army to avoid war with france with the exception of antwerpen , where the forces were ordered to dig in . 
  netherlands and france fought for 3 weeks at antwerpen until the city was taken , they vacated the forts . 
  in the following negotiations we were given parts of belgium ( limburg , zeeuws vlaanderen and a piece of brabant ) but most of belgium was lost to the new state . 
  damn french interfering in internal affairs . 
  coffeebreath can be solved by mouth hygiene ( brushing , flushing , threading , polishing ) , garlic ca n't . 
  and if that does n't work you can always demand gyros as collateral for den debts . 
  of course , have you ever seen anyone produce a good beer from fermented grapes ? 
  it 's not for lack of trying i 'm sure . 
  that 's why we produce relatively less , higher quality , better beer . 
  then parliament does n't need to exist . 
  let 's not get ahead of ourselves , it 's 6 million less . 
  that 's the growth rate between 2004 and 2014 , it improved , but still worse by a margin . 
  carlsberg is danish . 
  it tastes about as dull as the country it 's coming from . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ( shots ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ fired ), 
  * ` markets are never wrong , opinions are . 
  annual beer production ; netherlands 2.369.600 kl belgium 1.820.700 kl [ 1 ] ( http://www.kirinholdings.co.jp/english/news/2015/images/0810_04.gif ), 
  rutte said 0 chance , but vvd prominents do n't universally agree with that . 
  and then there 's the issue that rutte says a lot of things and does the exact opposit . 
  i remember the ` not one single euro to greece ' thing rutte said at a previous election , it was n't more than days for him to prep-up a multi billion euro package for greece . 
   but there were many last-day changes that election that had n't been accounted for . 
  which is part of every election cycle . 
  polls in the netherlands always show a diverse seat count , but in the end loads of voters consolidate strategically . 
  you get party funding from the moment you collect 1000 signatures . 
  should n't be much of a problem . 
  that everybody listens to everything they say all day long ? 
  i would n't think so . 
  and due to its age , turks fruit should n't be easily glossed over either . 
  hush , with that kind of examples nobody would dare visit amsterdam or any dutch canal-city again . 
  should 've gone with baantjer . 
  it 's mayo , not garlic . 
  and the smell of garlic does n't come from your mouth but your lungs , and we have a remedy for that , just eat a handful of raw parsley or chew on raw coffee beans . 
  or peanut sauce and onions and have a ` fries of war ' . 
  as a student you do n't have much expenses , you live in a 20m2 room , have free public transportation , you can bring your laundry to mom , and eat supper with your parents in the weekend and all that . 
  once you 're independent , $ 1000 is poverty . 
   that 's good for approximately 30 seats . 
  46 to go . 
   that was not the point . 
  / u/xnicolex states every party said they would n't be in a coalition with the pvv , which is untrue , regardless of how many seats these parties could muster . 
  it was not about speaking time , but what you say inside the given speaking time . 
  on the contrary , parties are elected to represent their voters in a proportional election scheme . 
  if the voters of party xyz are represented by not forming a coalition with the pvv then that 's democratic . 
  if you would n't have proportional representation and/or a thresshold then the winning party would have a responsibility to represent people outside its own electorate as well . 
  that 's not the case here . 
  voters of the pvv are represented by the pvv . 
  looks like our south african bros learned from the right people . 
  absolutely , it 's also a mobility thing . 
  if you ambition a career in politics , you have to join the established parties . 
  which is an eenie meenie miney mo choice in germany . 
  which makes for a very sturdy illiquid system of vested interests . 
  if you ambition a career in politics in the netherlands , you only need 1000 signatures and you can get funding , and with 0,667 % of the vote you 're in parliament and get the opportunity to be part of politics . 
  you vote for individuals in the netherlands . 
  there 's a party list and a number of individuals of that party you can vote for . 
  if you do n't care about individuals you vote for the first name on the list , or just pick one that sounds good . 
  did you have one too many wines at breakfast ? 
  the cda is polling higher than d66 , so they would n't endorse pechtold as pm . 
  the only way i can see pechtold becoming pm is at the head of a leftwing coalition , but him and the sp would be a difficult marriage , and even then it 's going to be a pinata coalition . 
  but he can quite easily prevent rutte from becoming pm , because he 's vital in any coalition the vvd could form . 
  what are you on exactly ? 
  i 'm not following you . 
  no they would n't . 
  but vvd , cda , cu and d66 would make 70 seats . 
  ( ipsos 2 maart ) do n't underestimate pechtolds ' ambitions though , he wants to become pm and he 's not getting younger . 
  that said these polls sure are n't looking well , i would n't be surprised if we had a round 2 elections within this year if the actual results wo n't change significantly .
