  52 % wants to reduce the eu back to only a free market . 
  [ 2 ] ( https://www.noties.nl/v/get.php?r=pp170605&amp;f=de+5+scenario%27s+voor+de+europese+unie.pdf ) interestingly , voters of all sorts of parties support this , both left-wing ( sp 67 % ) , right wing ( vvd/pvv 50-77 % ) and center ( cda 58 % ) . 
   all though we 're returning to voting machines ( ones that wo n't get/can be hacked ) there are no such machines . 
  the last time we used computers in elections , they could be read from several meters distance despite there being no wireless connection . 
  modern intelligence services have equipment so sensitive they can hear chips doing calculations and recreate data without there being a connection either physical or wireless . 
  ( in the traditional sense of the word ) this is why we banned voting computers , due to investigations of the general intelligence services . 
  and in case of systems hooked up to an int ( ra ) ernet , they can be hacked . 
   in 1998 the bundestag 's immunity committee concluded that gysi had been a collaborator with the stasi from 1978 to 1989 under the name im notar , and fined him 8,000 deutsche marks . 
  to put it in your words , you 're full of shit . 
  he 's just throwing a hissy fit for the biggest turkish communities in europe . 
  ( netherlands/germany ), 
   his choice of words was n't perfect but if you would know him you would know what he talks about . 
  his choice of words was pretty clear , he 's a stasi collaborator as well . 
  instead of ratting out jews he enjoyed ratting out dissidents , he 's equally as deplorable as any other fervent nazi of the time . 
   gysi is by far the most loved person in die linke with support across the complete left spectrum . 
  which says it all , pants on head retarded . 
  the majority of the turkish government is . 
  for the turks in the netherlands it would be best not to hold referendum rallies here . 
  and there 's a duty for the government there to prevent that . 
  that 's fine , it 's just the way it is here . 
  you need permission to use public space for that purpose . 
  if you want to come and hold a rally here , you follow the law , or stay in your cave . 
  on the contrary , [ pants on head ] ( https://youtu.be/wucrvwbze2y?t=26s ) retarded . 
  and that 's coming from a former stasi collaborator calling the kettle black , fits right in their ranks . 
  it 's insulting to compare a decent left-wing party to die linke . 
  [ european enough ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/afrikaners ) for me . 
  swanepoel is a dutch surname . 
  ( from zwaenepoel ), 
  i like the 3-1 against belgium . 
  the result is purely symbolic . 
  russia is n't part of the icc and has no legal obligation towards it , ukraine is n't a signatory to the icc and has only decided to temporarily implement the treaty as of 2013 so far not having ratified it . 
  that 's good for the germans . 
  parliament ( since recently , it used to be the king/queen ) appoint an ` informator ' that will seek to make a coalition . 
  he/she will make a list of possible coalitions and talk to parties to see wether it is possible . 
  if he/she fails , parliament can appoint a new informator , and again if needed . 
  there 's no limit to this . 
  but if the attempts are fruitless , then it 's going to be another election . 
  but i do n't think this ever happened since ww2 . 
  with lodewijk asscher as party leader ? 
  they would do it in a heartbeat . 
  that 's a good start-sign for all eu members to have their own strategy on brexit . 
  we should do everything to brush out the best economic relation with the uk as possible . 
  and tend to not celebrate it . 
   i fail to see how it is populism . 
  because it 's what many people want . 
  populism is an odd word these days , media tends to ruine the meaning of the words by not understanding them prior to using them . 
  yes i was commenting on the potential result mentioned . 
  hence the ` with * this * result ' . 
  * edit , just saw he did n't comment on the comment above him , my mistake , that explains the confusion . 
  i was refereing to [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5xs56u/netherlands_polling_average_march_5th_vvd_16_pvv/deki7gm/ ) reply . 
  unlikely , all party-leaders are safely in their bubble . 
  they do n't interact with each other , when you see the debates they 're mindless drones reading up what they 've written in their manifesto and nobody dares to diverge or exchange a discourse . 
  it 's no wonder it 's so divided , you ca n't reach out to each other without having a proper exchange of ideas . 
  with this result ? 
  it 's pushing it . 
  vvd , pvda , d66 , cda , cu is 70 seats , 6 short of a majority . 
  also 76 seats is really the minimum , you like to have more because parliamentarians can leave parties and they keep their seats if they do . 
  especially labour is going through a phase that could see more breaking up . 
  ( they already lost 3 seats since 2012 ) this would be a cabinet we have n't had since ww2 . 
  but the actual results will likely see more consolidation . 
  alternative is a minority coalition . 
  a minority forming a government with the backing of opposition parties . 
  this would allow for more differences between coalition partners then in the case of writing a common governing plan . 
  it looks like a lot because you vote for individuals , but you just look for your party at the top , and then pick a name ( if you want ) or pick the top name if you do n't mind about individuals . 
  no it 's literally what rutte said on twitter . 
  ( but in dutch ), 
  hardly , people are n't interested in anti-democratic measures in a time of divisiness . 
  many would probably call it a lot . 
  they want to completely dissolve the european commission , they want a drastic budget reduction and more balanced contributions for us , no more transfers of sovereignty , mandatory referendums for eu enlargement . 
  they want a new treaty to be endorsed in a referendum . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://programma.sp.nl/hoofdstuk/18-geen-brusselse-dwang-maar-samenwerken-europa ) and they want national mp 's to get a seat in the ep in a ` double mandata ' . 
   i am just not really sure how exactly gl will rule out the vvd . 
  probably on the topic of migration/integration . 
  vvd is trying to be frugal here catering to the borders of the pvv , gl is more of the ` pappen en nathouden ' . 
  buma is doing quite well lately , they could rise the coming days . 
  a coalition of vvd , d66 , cda and depending on the results some minor parties ( cu , pvda perhaps ) is most likely in my opinion . 
  pvda is center left , sp ( socialist party ) is proper left . 
  no it 's not similar to spd/linke , die linke is pants on head retarded , sp is traditional socialist . 
  if nobody is going to challenge each other parties are just free to own their respective constituencies . 
  there 's a severe lack of political exchange at the moment , everybody is either too afraid or too dumb to engage with a different constituency . 
  sp has ruled out a coalition with the vvd . 
  not that it was likely . 
  your argument might persuade the belgians . 
  extreme right = hitler , you radical extreme right populist . 
   and one of those treaties says that the eu negotiates for those 28 member states together in questions like this . 
  it does n't . 
  members make their own visa arrangements , it 's only the schengenvisa , which is a different visa than a national one , that the eu ` negotiates ' about . 
  you 're literally hitler from my perspective ( 4 boxes to the left ), 
  yes , but many college-educated western turks have a fine life at home . 
  unlike many other ` developing ' countries , turkey is n't economically a bad place if you have an education . 
  and people do not migrate without a reason . 
  usually the reason is to improve their life , and seeing as the environment and weather is not a reason to come here , that 's generally for economic reasons in our case . 
  and economic reasons tend to be the biggest for rural/uneducated turks . 
  i did n't say it would solve problems . 
  but now that we 're on the topic , at the very least one can learn from theri mistake and try not to repeat them . 
  even that 's too much to ask . 
  and consequently become the same people over the years . 
  the leader of a country that 's ranked 250 millihitlers on the nazi scale with their own genocidal history . 
  turkey deserves nothing better than erdogan . 
  problem is erdogans administration is scared shitless of erdogan , but the american administration is n't of trump .
