  [ ja die ] ( https://static.bnr.nl/media/images/1000/82/43/landscape/1024x576/high/roos.jpg?v=1 ) . 
  he 's likely a belgian pretending to be dutch , like max verstappen . 
  do n't fall for it . 
   \u03dfexy \u03dftroopwafel do n't touch it , high current . 
  collaborators were everywhere , and will always be everywhere . 
  diplomatic immunity did n't stop the russian ambassador being pulled from his home after having a go with a belt on his son . 
  i do n't know if he has applied for diplomatic immunity , but in the netherlands diplomatic immunity requires consent by the dutch ministry of foreign affairs . 
  that 's why we were ready to extradit a venezualan diplomat to the us . 
  the ministry can decide not to give diplomatic immunity to the turkish minister . 
  what grounds ? 
  calling for an illegal public gathering . 
  why would you limit it to europe ? 
  it 's not called europe war 2 as far as i 'm aware . 
  we can reevaluate their potential membership in a couple of decades , point is their candidate status should be revoked for the time being . 
  being a potential member and recieving funds from the eu and having negotiations with periodically to ` join ' is a farce at the moment . 
  the candidate status is n't intended to be a holding pen for religious-fascist dictatorships potentially improving in the future like former dictatorships have half a century ago . 
  pretty much all dutch tourists have diverted their flights to greece anyway since the last months . 
  you all make me hungry , i 'll go make som [ nasi ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/nasi_goreng ) now . 
   a later united nations report stated that four million people died in indonesia as a result of famine and forced labour during the japanese occupation , including 30,000 european civilian internee deaths . 
  death rate of the war in the dutch indies was about 7 % . 
  you sure you included that ? 
  because that would n't make 2,41 % . 
  one of the issues was that our civil administration was top notch , the netherlands got a civil government after surrender and not a military one ( so all books were kept , the state just kept functioning save the replacement with nazi 's here and there between at the head of all organisations ) and there was literally no room for jews to hide except in people 's attics and basements . 
  jews used some new reclaimed land in the noordoostpolder to hide because it was literally the only area without habitation , the others had to find people willing to risk their neck , and preferably far away from where they use to live ( because the government knew that ) but since then the government no longer registers religious affiliation of individuals . 
  hi there , we now officially nazi too according to kaffirsoglu . 
  care for a nazi reunion with tea ? 
  what i 'm saying is that the idea comes from a dutch commercial entity ( tennet ) , they will talk with the eu , other companies , and the states for the financing , cooperation and legality . 
  this is not something happening between states , but a commercial entity ( although owned by the dutch state ) is trying to pull this off . 
  he can be arrested on legal grounds . 
  european netherlands is n't officially a country no , just like catalonia is n't , the kingdom of the netherlands is . 
  but due to the difference in size of each memberstate the ` federal ' government is practically merged in the dutch government . 
  no , stuijfsande was a governor of new netherlands ( new york ) . 
   ` the netherlands was in talks with the turkish authorities about an acceptable solution to the visit , ' the statement said . 
  talks were ongoing about whether the meeting could take place in a smaller , closed environment such as a turkish consulate or the embassy . 
  ** ` but before those talks could be completed , the turkish authorities made a public threat about sanctions . 
  ** that made the search for a reasonable solution impossible , ' the statement said . 
   read more at dutchnews.nl : diplomatic row as dutch withdraw landing rights for turkish minister 's plane this seems to be ending up as a high level diplomatic conflict , the turkish minister said ` the netherlands was a nazi remnant ' and ' a fascist state ' , apparently they 're preparing sanctions and considering ending diplomatic ties by sending the dutch embassy out of the country . 
  it 's safe to say the turkish government is now officially deranged . 
  we never had a war with the turks . 
  they wo n't , it 's tennet 's idea and they 're starting negotiations with both the eu and the countries in the coming time . 
  we 'll have to postpone the annexation of belgium then , there 's a nice corridor between limburg and luxemburg , have fun . 
   edit : why do young french and dutch feel so hopeless about the future ? 
  because they 'll be much poorer than their parents in every stage of life . 
  there 's a large demographic heavyweight of 50-60 year olds ( over 50 % of the voters is older than 50 years ) the youth gets increasingly marginalized , politics are about pension age , not education or housing . 
  people should be imported to keep house prices high , houses should be scarce , because 50 year olds own them , 20-30 year olds need them . 
  society is turning its back on its own children . 
  there 's a saying which goes something like ; ` the mark of a civilized society is one where old men plant trees they know in who 's shade they 'll never sit . ', 
  what happens in the netherlands is that all trees are cut down and the old are warming themselves up at a bonfire . 
  he ( cavusoglu ) is going to speak to dutch turks in rotterdam today , i believe he 's going to do it from the balcony of the diplomatic home of the turkish consulate . 
  unfortunately the pm has refused to arrest him on arrival because ` he 's a minister from a nato ally ' . 
  but he will not be welcomed , have no cars , no security , nothing . 
  they also said the street in front of the house is not to be used for a public gathering . 
  so this is turning out to be interesting . 
  we 're not dubai . 
  on a more serious note , they 're shaped as they are because they 're designed as such that the wind will throw slik from the lake on to the island so they grow over the years and clean up the lake in the mean time . 
  before they reclaimed flevoland they made a small polder in the former sea and constructed a concept farm and laboratory on it . 
  they did all sorts of test how to best desalinate the land and make it furtile , and what sort of crops would grow on it . 
  this was called the ` proefpolder andijk ' [ ( test polder of andijk ) . 
  ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/proefpolder_andijk ) the polder was dry in august 1927 , in 1929 almost the entire polder was ready to be cultivated . 
  with this knowledge they started to dry up the noordoostpolder , and subsequently flevoland . 
  the noordoostpolder was dry in 1942 , being an entirely empty piece of 600km2 of land many jews and fugitives hid there for the germans . 
  i suppose if you dump half the sahara somewhere it will eventually surface . 
  but not for long . 
  it 's the same , france could n't even sustain a bombing campaign against a third world nomade tribe with the population of denmark . 
  france also does n't have helicopter refueling capacity nor a strategic airlift . 
  making it very reliant on the us or in the case of mali on the netherlands and germany whenever it wants to go somewhere . 
  if it would be , it would n't be particularly funny . 
  it 's serious , politicians do n't understand that wearing a size-up trouser costs money . 
  but they wear it anyway , so the trouser falls of every now and then and we go with the bottoms bare . 
  like suddenly dumping all your remaining tanks in finland . 
  with the tanks out of your pocket and the trouser a bit lighter they 'll find a way to hold pull it up for a while again . 
  next up for sale will be the marines subsurface division . 
  nrw or bavaria is n't a sovereign state , but it 's still a state . 
  think of the kingdom as the german bundesrepublik , except the 4 memberstates have more internal sovereignty than the german ones . 
  the kingdom has 4 memberstates , netherlands , aruba , curacao and sint maarten , and the netherlands has 12 provinces and 3 special municipalities ( saba , st eustatius , bonaire ) . 
  for example , the kingdom of the netherlands had to ratify all eu treaties , and the other memberstates had to turn the treaty down to avoid becoming a part of the eu because we 're not allowed to sign an international treaty that applies solely to us . 
  and netherlands is n't technically a sovereign state . 
  the only internationally recognized state is the kingdom of the netherlands . 
  i do n't know , i just chuckled when i read it . 
  someone took effort to ` hide ' 5 million euro , just about enough to throw a party for some personnel . 
  pretty much all european armies are in a terrible shape . 
  that was fine under peacetime , but times are changing . 
  they 'll probably just give away the remnants to the eu , out of sight , out of mind . 
  let 's just say they 'll spend more nice words than millions on it . 
  they 're obsolete in modern warfare in the sense that they 're not very useful in everyday operations of the military . 
  ( interventions , peacekeeping etc. ), 
  but in a real war they 're anything but obsolete . 
  damn , 5,4 million in secret expenses , what are they up to in the hague . 
  thing is , we 're way past a simple budget increase . 
  we 're talking about at least a billion euro extra per year to even maintain the current capacities . 
  you can only work on salvaging your equipment and begging for parts at allies for so long . 
  the allies now call it ` the beggars army ' and they 'll see you coming by now , and at one point you 'll be running out of equipment to salvage . 
  neutrality is great , but we should leave nato then , because we 're currently not neutral at all . 
  i liked the neutral stance as much as the next one , but we chose a different path in 1945 . 
  hmmhm , budget increase the vvd style , here 's 100 million to stop the bleeding , ' * look guys it 's done , 2 % is around the corner , it 's fantastic !, 
  we 've great infrastructure , arguably one of the best in the world , and we 're not a superpower . 
  so that seems to be a myth as well . 
  great infrastructure does n't come with power , but with the desire to build up a country as best as possible . 
  in fact power would have neglected our infrastructure , if instead of cooperating with each other to build something we were preoccupied with struggles among ourselves who is to wear the tallest hat and hard lines to other people to force them to do our bidding . 
  all of that effort was now put into real things that benefitted us instead .
