  you ? 
  partners that are in it for other motives then themselves . 
   5,8 mistrals actually if we deduct what you get  that 's not what you said , but fine . 
  net contribution per capita is the highest of all the eu . 
   in fact , the real question is : why did no one wanted to buy it from us ? 
  why did we have to accept the loss ? 
  because the world is much bigger than france . 
   but i know , you 're happy , you have nato with you , you know that there are french nuclear missiles ready to attack anyone attacking you , so you do n't invest in your defense . 
  we 're happy to have the us , around which the whole of nato revolves , france is n't worth the map it 's written on to us strategically . 
   but are there really european cities with a heavy air pollution ? 
  yes , paris and london for example are among the worst in the world . 
  300 personnel and 7 helicopters ( and some in-flight tanker and transport aircraft ) more than you would ever commit to us . 
  i say we have the edge . 
  you did n't , you were forced to cancel it . 
  nothing to thank you for , just the once that forced you . 
   than your entire contribution to the eu budget !, 
  for that you could buy 54 mistrals per year . 
  you people did n't do anything , you would never help a partner . 
   a bit like with mali , --  the united nations are committed to helping restore security and stability in mali . 
  [ ... ] as of april 2014 , the netherlands is making a major contribution to this mission , comprising about 300 personnel , 4 apache attack helicopters and 3 chinook transport helicopters . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://www.defensie.nl/english/topics/mali ) all too much of course , france would n't lift a finger for any partner . 
   a coal plant energy efficiency is over 50 % no it 's not . 
  and then there 's more losses in converting and storing energy . 
  til , changing minimum wage laws and collective bargaining is reintroducing slavery . 
  i guess slavery was n't so bad after all if what you tell is true . 
   raising productivity by worsening worker rights and compensation is a terrible idea though . 
  it 's part of a variety of measures that improves productivity . 
  i would n't have a lot to talk about with people who shoot our passengers out of the sky and killed 193 compatriots in cold blood except extradition of the criminals that did it , a formal apology and reparation to the descendants . 
  but you go ahead be a ` big guy ' and talk to your ` neighbour ' . 
   electricity is way more green it 's not . 
  with our current sources a traditional car is more efficient/green than an electric one . 
   also , the rare earths arent neither that rare nor that hurtful for the enviroment if the extraction is handled well . 
  they 're extremely hurtful to the direct environment . 
  in fact they make entire regions in china completely uninhabitable , poisoning everything around it . 
  lithium mines are comparable to tar sand excavation regarding damage to the environment . 
  [ suit yourself . 
  ` dutch ' is also derived from the same word ` diet ' meaning ` the people ' . 
  4-5 centuries ago duits and diets were used to describe the people from the netherlands . 
  these words meant the same at the time , but started to have 2 meanings . 
  the germans used ` deutsch ' instead of ` duits ' and the netherlands started to use ` diets ' separetely . 
  ` dutch ' originates from this family , and ` deutschland ' naturally as well . 
  ironically since you 're france and have to laugh , your compatriots must 've thought the same , since the french named them after an old tribe ( alimanni ) instead so you call them ` allemagne ' . 
   who lives there anyway ? 
  ` the people ' in local words mean the people of our nationality . 
  not every person on this earth . 
  we call our own people our ` volk ' , it translates all the same but does n't mean the same . 
  maybe the map is old and it was once paved , in 1820 or whereabouts . 
  he wants a strong european military because he thinks he will control it . 
  that 's not anti-russian when he uses it for french foreign policy objectives in africa . 
   main points :  solar roadways collect dirt and debris that block their solar collection abilities . 
  not to mention that walking on those panels also blocks light  laying the solar panels flat instead of tilting them at a 45 degree angle reduces the energy output by around 50 %  solar panels and glass have less traction and drainage capabilities compared to regular asphalt roads . 
   solar panels and glass are less durable than asphalt . 
   a feasible variant of this plan would be to put the solar panels beside or on top of the walkways to avoid all these glaring problems . 
  these are all issues , but do you really think they have not considered them ? 
  of course they have , they 're just trying to overcome them . 
  the eu has always had the tendency to do this . 
  it 's a union of averages , wherever you perform well the eu makes you lose , whereever you perform bad the eu improves you . 
  mostly it 's the same people that constantly lose and the same that constantly win . 
   i am not one of those people who thinks there are no alternatives to merkel . 
   who would you see as an alternative ? 
  that 's not the point . 
  talking about equality in such a mosque is like talking about religious freedom in buchenwald . 
  if he breaks europe 's line against russia he may as well as be as dangerous as le pen to europe . 
  yes , yes , there are no alternatives . 
  how very german . 
  greece has a productivity problem , so possibly yes . 
   markets are people , so many of them they 're considered to be the truth . 
   i think that having control over interest rates , you do n't have that , only the appearence of it . 
  that 's what i was just tried to make clear to you . 
   `` comparisons using ppp are arguably more useful than nominal when assessing a nation 's domestic market because ppp takes into account the relative cost of local goods , services and inflation rates of the country , rather than using international market exchange rates which may distort the real differences in per capita income . '', 
  ppp is done in dollars too . 
   you described infaltion . 
  both , i described exchange rate fluctuation and inflation and how that has tanked the polish economy . 
  while true , i think that changes in a war . 
  war has a tendency to strongly rally people behind something , it 's not like anybody in syria cares about a social democratic economic policy at the moment , or privatization of a government company or what have you . 
   you wo n't get registered as sexual offender for taking a leak that sounds like something only the uk could come up with . 
   the laws and fines may vary from country to country . 
  $ 140 euro 's in the netherlands . 
  only outside urban zones in the netherlands . 
  within urban zones ( cities/villages , you can see it by the signs ) it 's going to cost you when you get caught . 
  so standing by the side of the ( secluded ) road is fine . 
   obviously people would like to peaceful resolve the issue the same way they have done with russia seeing as we are not currently at war with them . 
   there 's two differences here , one being that russia invaded and annexed crimea recently but turkey invaded and annexed its own crimea 32 years ago to this day . 
  repeat offenders should be punished more severe to deter them . 
  also ukraine is n't an eu member , greece and cyprus are . 
   yes , the great conundrum of european integration that does n't matter since it 's all just multi-speed path towards european integration . 
   it is n't , some countries are n't part of any multi-speed europe , another big one is leaving this europe . 
  the esa is the space agency of its 22 members , not of the eu . 
   it takes years for a tree to grow and be able to absorb as much co2 as the cut one . 
  it takes years for a tree to grow anyway , you 'll need a balanced long term system . 
  but it can never be any large energy source , that 's obvious , it 's a good side source though , just like wind , green gas and water power . 
   if you 're just planting trees to cut them and burn them you are n't making the situation any better and you 're not reducing emissions . 
  that is n't the case . 
   at best with selective cutting and proper replanting you 're keeping it the same which is not enough to avoid a climate change catastrophe . 
  not increasing co2 would already be a massive improvement of the situation . 
  wood can not achieve this , but it can be part of the solution . 
  we 're going to have to be creative anyway and adapt . 
  there is n't going to be an egg of columbus that solves everything any time soon . 
   the only real green energy sources are solar , wind , geothermal , hydroelectric and nuclear ( if radioactive waste is handled properly ) . 
  that 's incorrect , wood can be a green source as well , green gas too .
