  yes , well , we 're not at war , and when we 're not at war i would rather have kids , wether they be male or female , start their adult life with an education , a party and some hobbies , not in military service . 
  by the way i am no proponent of an eu-army , what i mostly see is people calling for militarisation of our eastern border , and they see an eu army as the way to do that . 
  i like to remind people we have our own defenses as well , and it 's much more likely that we go to war with venezuela than that poland will go to war with russia . 
  ( we nearly had war twice the past 10 years ) so i prefer sovereignty over our own armed forces , so that we need to account to no one should the need arise , so that we prepare as we see fit to our own situation , and do where we have it for , in the defense of our state . 
  more specifically our armed forces are n't even part of the eu , so that would legally be a fuck-up anyway . 
  our army is the army of the kingdom , of which only one state is ( partially ) part of the eu . 
  i would fight for my homeland should that need arise , and we have draft in that case . 
  when not at war though , we should n't have draft . 
  will you [ tell them ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/72/eu_oct_and_omr_map_en.png/800px-eu_oct_and_omr_map_en.png ) or should i ? 
  this is exactly why i oppose an eu army , you people only live for yourself . 
  an eu army , if there ever was to be one , should solely be based on western europe . 
   the eu force does need to only cover 2/3 of europe in operational capabilities i see you 're already assuming an eu army will only serve poland . 
  it 's off to a great start already i see , i 'll go tell our fellow citizens that they 'll no longer be protected with an eu army . 
  but draftees do n't get the same salary , so you can hire more without paying more . 
  of course this is not of our time anymore . 
  if our country is under attack we 'll draft and fight , until such time our armies are professional organisations . 
   try 2-years draft for all males for example . 
  that seems awfully sexist . 
  why not both males and females . 
  i do n't support draft in any way , but if you 're going to do it , do it in 21st century style equally . 
  luckily he does n't know our pm , or that we even exist on the north sea , so he could n't insult us . 
  we have the unique situation that we 'll start with a fresh page when he discovers us on a map . 
  you know what happened to the last leader that financed a french president candidate ? 
  it 's rallying , amsterdam was down nearly 4 % when i woke up though . 
  apparently investors regained confidence after trumps ' speech . 
  i watched it , it was awkward ( does pence still has his arm ? 
  ) , and i felt for his son ( he had no idea what posture to give ) , and the governor of montana was n't flowing over with words despite being put in front on the microphone , but apparently he struck the right cords with his ` president for all americans ' and attempt at reconciliation at hillary ( praising her for her campaign ), 
   by a friggin billionaire ?!, 
  have you ever seen a non-billionair become president of the us ? 
  they usually do n't exactly have much choice in that regard . 
  i also do n't know how his personal holdings are so important , it 's not like the cashier at the supermarket stands a chance at becoming president , you 're always choosing between people who have made it quite high up the ladder to be able to run for president . 
   how can such a person be the hero of those people ? 
  because he says the right things . 
  ever noticed trump is like a stereotypical social-democrat from the '70s / '80s in what he says ? 
  millions of government subsidized jobs ? 
  rebuilding the infrastructure ? 
  raise the taxes of the rich ? 
  the centre left lost their touch with this portion of the electorate that traditionally belonged to them , which turned out to be a larger portion than anticipated by having been able to get them to the booth . 
  the center-left now aims at middle-class metropolitan individualists . 
  and unlike what they may think , they 're not that numerous , the world does n't end outside new york or san fransisco . 
   by making bold promises he most certainly ca n't keep ? 
  that 's something all politicians have in common . 
   sometimes it feels hard to not think that the white working-poor class consists purely of illiterates . 
  that 's just racist . 
  every human is equal , and equally valuable . 
  just because people are poor or illiterate does n't make them any less a human . 
  calling all poor-white people illiterate is plain racist . 
  he 'll get along with boris johnson . 
  it 's mostly the white working-poor class , they 've been marginalized for years , now they 've been mobilized . 
  also the reason why the polls were so wrong on trump , but also brexit . 
  these votes mobilized people that otherwise did n't vote ( because they had nobody represent them ) current pollers failed to take them into account . 
  so far there have n't been much congratulations to trump from europe . 
  also stock exchanges are getting a hit in europe . 
  should not have been water [ anymore . 
  ] ( http://www.ruimtelijkeplannen.nl/documents/nl.imro.0000.imsv13rraam-3000/i_nl.imro.0000.imsv13rraam-3000_0008.png ) unfortunately they blew it off . 
  not all of it , ca n't see the malvinas . 
  at least their windows are n't facing the other way . 
  that 's one ugly building . 
  look on the bright side , it makes you treasure the 362 days of peace even more . 
  pretty sure everybody generalizes hooligans just the same . 
  when i was young we did have fireworks that could do that . 
  but those were n't really ` crackers ' , but lawinepijlen without a stick in need of an anker . 
  to get an idea what that [ can do ] ( https://youtu.be/sc7rqn1y2gw?t=21s ) . 
  they 're not hard to get ( although i would n't be touching that stuff with a fifty foot pole anymore ) though i suspect a betonvlinder/vlinderbom could do it as well , but not without being close to the glass . 
  it does n't . 
  there 's a schengenvisa , but every memberstate has their own visa policy . 
  both now that you mention it . 
  there 's a storm sweeping over mars every 2-3 years or so with quite heavy winds , so plenty of power to pump water if you have some patience . 
  you realize that thing is called a ` strijdvlegel ' not a ` goedendag ' ? 
  remove the chain and we call it a ` morgenster ' , so perhaps ` goedemorgen ' would be more suited ? 
  maybe in belgium . 
  it 's not casual anymore here . 
  having better cheese than france . 
  france itself still has visa-free travel . 
  the countries of the eu have their own visa policy . 
  besides it 's only a non-binding proposal , the european parliament does not have the right to legislative initiative . 
  germany is the oldest society in europe and facing the brunt of living a childless life very soon . 
  they do n't have fancy budget surplusses to boast with it , they have fancy budget surplusses because their whole economic system is on the verge of inversing . 
  couple of decades from now they 're going to have massive deficits , in such a scenario it would be nice to not be heavily indebted already , nor have the handful of working age people you have running around with arms . 
  and poland , romania and the uk . 
  the eastern members have recently made quite large strides in meeting the 2 % . 
  yes i would call tribal marcation lines with the occasional skirmish much better than a regime bombing and shelling its citizens on an hourly basis . 
  except it has n't , the current tribal warfare is barely a hot war , with much less violence , murder and instability than during the end days of ghadafi , and certainly much less than there would 've been had ghadafi not been removed . 
  it would be good start if you followed your own advise and read up on the subject a bit . 
  yes the english , the english are out now though . 
  we equate one world war to 13 world cups . 
  should keep us safe for the next decades for us to assemble a football team too . 
   you know you could also be a world champion by doing the right thing and surrendering your country to us ? 
  not for a million worldcups . 
  ` kay , can they build a park or something there now , something all people can enjoy ? 
   blue led lights so you can do work while driving around the streets getting drunk at night . 
   people work most efficiently when exposed to light that closest resembles day light . 
  day light is not blue , substract another step . 
   also 4 world cups so we 're ... infinite steps ahead . 
  that 's barely enough to compensate for the two word wars you lost , minus another step for lack of sportmenship by bringing this up to someone from a country which is terrible at football and wo n't even compete in the world cup , let alone win it . 
  blue led lights ruining the peddling drinkers ' natural sleep rhythm and energy that would otherwise be put into motion . 
  i wish to revise my case , we 're two steps ahead on this one . 
  it serves warsteiner , that 's still one step ahead for us . 
  ` they 're a weak lot some of them in europe , you know . 
  weak and feeble , except the romanians . ',
