  the only reason french want an eu military hq is because they think they 'll control it . 
  yes , and have only france participate . 
   if they ever have a good enough reason to attack you the bigger the deterrent , the better the reason will need to be . 
  you do n't need be able to win a war to deter one , as long as you can make it costly enough to have the other reconsider it . 
   russia using gotland as an aircraft carrier is way more likely . 
  more like an s-400 carrier . 
  if they take gotland , there 's a nato airgap over the baltics . 
  nato can only win a war with air superiority . 
  sweden had a very good military in the cold war , there 's no reason to believe it could n't anymore . 
  i believe the swedish airforce was deemed the 3rd most powerful at the world , above both britain and france , only second to usa and ussr . 
  it 's proven that for every rafale you need 3 tanker aircraft to strike provided you have an aircraft carrier to even launch it from that close . 
  and that 's about as wild as it gets . 
  i strongly condemn it too , but i was hoping the government could do more than that . 
  this is the same man that pressed charges against that german comedian for insulting him . 
  that driver would be dead , airbag or not . 
  damn , that makes a total of nearly as much as the saab gripen . 
  i had no idea it was so succesful . 
  would be more interesting to show two cars of the same price class . 
  the leader of the diyanet has diplomatic status and is therefor immune . 
  for all 60 sold rafale 's ? 
  til , it 's a commercial marvel . 
  i know , was n't my call . 
  no it 's not . 
  apart from the fact that we do not have freedom of speech , freedom of speech and freedom of public gathering are two separate things . 
  you have the right to say some things , not the right to arrange public gatherings without permission of the authorities . 
   right . 
  what i am saying is your actions help him more . 
  what i am saying is , i do n't care . 
  this patriot is just butthurt because nobody wants a rafale . 
  there 's a difference between freedom of speech , and freedom of public gathering . 
  he has freedom of speech , he does not have the right to arrange a public gathering without permission from authorities . 
  if you arrange the transport you can have the sizable community vote in istanbul itself , and keep them there while you 're at it . 
   i mean is n't it against freedom of speech ? 
   and make european turks more inclined to vote `` yes '' in the referendum . 
  i they vote whatever they want , perhaps if the constitution is adopted the candidate membership status of turkey can finally be revoked . 
   erdogan will also use it in turkey as `` look europeans does n't want a strong turkey !, 
  let 's prove them wrong ! '' . 
  he can do whateever he wants , as long as he does it at home . 
  many jobs in the military are n't combat functions . 
  that and many germanic tribes had female warriors , it 's not something new . 
  currently conscription in the netherlands is only for males . 
  ( do n't confuse conscription with active duty though , we have conscription , but currently no active duty ) but from the 1st of january 2018 it will include females too . 
  not the general interests , but the interest of some members . 
  notably denmark , netherlands , sweden , belgium . 
  which is why if they 're going about the butthurt way the ` united eu ' stance wo n't hold for very long . 
  not really cancelled , but the government wo n't cooperate . 
  they 'll have to do more to cancel it . 
  although holding a public gathering without permission is illegal . 
   england is more densely populated than the netherlands . 
   it 's not . 
  so i 've heard , busy man . 
  they can wait with praying until schools over . 
  i think this is a good opportunity for us to cooperate as neighbours . 
  we can cancel them together . 
  you 're heavily underestimating the donbass forces . 
   and its not very usefull againsnst air superiority regardless , there 's no air superiority . 
  the donbass forces have pantsirs , buk 's , osa 's and strela 's , russian su-27 's have been patrolling over the air as well . 
  europe does n't have the forces to pry them out of there in the usual sense we 're use to , it would be a very bloody war . 
  not if you include eez either . 
  the netherlands consists for 18 % out of internal water , england not even 1 % . 
  as such the netherlands is considerably more densily populated . 
  no , it 's lower than the netherlands as mentioned so often . 
  what , a german journalist agent who happens to be a pkk representative as well hiding in the consulate ? 
   `` in recent weeks it has been increasingly observed that muslim pupils in the school building are praying , clearly visible to others , signaled by ritual washings in the toilets , the rolling out of prayer mats , and taking up certain postures . '', 
  jup , it 's a good thing they 're combatting it . 
  this is not acceptible behaviour in such an environment , i 'm sure there 's a mosque close with a water tap and pre-rolled carpets . 
  if he wants to have reliable access to facebook and youtube he 'll have to . 
  what a treasure to find , please keep it safe and sound . 
  turkey these days makes russia look like an altruistic philantropist . 
   long term sanctions seems mostly like window dressing ... not exactly , the bigger the price to pay , the less likely anybody does it again . 
   while retaking crimea is very complicated , luhansk and donetsk would be very straightforward if the ukrainan army gets some proper support in return russia would just send ` proper support ' back . 
  increasing the volatility of the conflict does n't help anyone , while the local people will be victims of it . 
  besides you talk as if it 's easy to retake the donbass , it is absolutely not . 
  they have dug in big time , there 's is n't anything going to get past anyone without weeks of significant all-spectrum warfare . 
  the amount of equipment the donetks republics have at their desposal exceeds the largest european armies . 
  they have more main battle tanks than france or germany , not to speak of rocket launchers and artilery . 
  this is not some ragtag militia , this is a proper force entrenched comfortably on their home front . 
  for a second i thought this may have been some 17th or 18th century solution to anticonception ( as has been found dating as far back as in roman establishments ) . 
  then i read the 1950s , what the hell ireland ? 
   you know , the same botswana that has the world 's 3rd highest prevalence of hiv and has an average life expectancy of under 55 years it 's a peace index , not a public health index . 
   reporting a lack of freedom and forced military conscription for years i hear sweden is nice this time of the year . 
  no conscription or imprisonment for you , that 's only for swedes . 
  crimea is already given up . 
  now it 's just a matter of showing that pulling of such heists is n't an interesting thing to do . 
  ( in other words , long term sanctions ), 
  the nerve of these people is astonishing . 
  just do n't be of a different religion , then you do n't have rights . 
  everybody interfered . 
  the prussians wanted to annex the whole of the netherlands including austrian netherlands , the belgians wanted to return to the austrian crown , france was okay with secession of belgium but not the other parts ( french flanders and alsace/lorraine were mentioned to be given to the netherlands ) but then napoleon came again , was defeated , and the dutch king decided not to wait for international approval and proclaimed himself king of both countries . 
  but it 's okay as it went , the belgian revolution was our suez crisis , but we severed all ties to the continent and as such remained out of ww1 . 
  wish we had the same opportunity in ww2 . 
  ipsos had them on 16/16 on the 23rd of february , cda has been rising the past days . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://www.ipsos-nederland.nl/ipsos-politieke-barometer/barometer-van-deze-week ) they currently also have a seat more ( 13-12 ), 
  pride in willem intensifies . 
  his son still [ watches over ] ( http://www.isgeschiedenis.nl/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/algemene-politieke-beschouwingen-in-de-eerste-kamer-2013-door-adnergje-646x350.jpg ) the senate every day . 
  she can travel to morocco back and forth with a dutch passport . 
  but does n't produce only in belgium . 
  a large part of that 60 % is american . 
  that 's their words . 
  i have my own .
