  in the first months of 2017 , that percentage has grown to at least 50 per cent . '  this sicilian judge said the country with the most aid agencies operating in the central mediterranean was germany , with five organisations and six vessels ( one costing # 350,000 per month to keep at sea -- over # 4 million a year ) . 
   ` we must solve the problem of where the money comes from to sustain such high costs -- who are the sources of this finance ? 
  we shall be doing checks on the ngos who bring migrants into our jurisdiction . 
  it is notable that the ngo ships are nearly always the nearest to the location of the emergency . 
   [ ... ]  last month the eu 's border agency , frontex , also accused aid agencies of activities which ` help criminals achieve their objectives at minimum cost , strengthen their business model by increasing the chances of success ' . 
   its annual report says the smugglers now hardly bother to telephone the maritime rescue coordination centre in rome to be picked up , preferring to call aid-agency vessels directly . 
  the reason is obvious : these people will not arrest them or confiscate their vessels . 
   since june 2016 , many boats have been rescued near the libyan coast by aid-agency vessels ` without any prior distress call ' , suggesting the rendezvous has been pre-arranged . 
  in italy , the lynch-mob principle of ` he must have done it ' is enough to secure convictions , so prosecutions are a distinct possibility . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://www.spectator.co.uk/2017/04/are-we-helping-desperate-migrants-or-just-people-smugglers/ ) --------------------  `` smugglers no longer need large and robust boats . 
  they need small boats that can make it a short distance and then have search-and-rescue pick them up . 
   european legislation currently permits human traffickers to escape prosecution . 
   in a particular section of law titled `` on search and rescue '' it states : `` private ship masters and non-governmental organisations who assist in sea rescues in the mediterranean sea should not risk punishment for providing such assistance . '', 
   local reports in italy suggest coast guards are behind the illegal smugglings . 
  he responds to calls from the traffickers who tell him exactly when to expect his `` human cargo '' . 
   fifteen ships from the maltese non-governmental organisation moas have been observed leaving the italian coast . 
   it is not clear if they are orchestrating the smugglings in order to keep migrants from approaching the maltese coast . 
  it was part of the deal , turkey did n't do what it promised , so it wo n't get visa free travel . 
  only if they made reforms . 
  which they did n't . 
  the deal was that turkey would meet required european standards on visa free travel and would then get it , turkey turned that into ` we 're not changing a rats ass , giveth or we migrant you !, 
  i 'm just kidding . 
  though i 'm sure you would use the faulty german border at the dollard as well when it comes to it . 
  gib back our water and sunken villages . 
  not everyone , but many british certainly do . 
  so we 're allowed to call them engeland in exchange . 
   couple of dozen ? 
  more like thousands weekly . 
  feel free to look up the stats of 2014 . 
  yes couple of dozen . 
  italy set up the human trafficking network before 2014 , obviously the stats of 2014 are high as i mentioned . 
   yeah , they have little to lose , only their lives . 
  the odds of them losing their life are very low , it 's a risk worth taking if you do n't have much to lose . 
   even with the coast guard and ngo 's rescuing people , a lot of people still drown . 
  ngo 's and coast guard do n't rescue people they trade them , a lot of people drown because of the ngo 's and coast guard . 
  gibraltar , ceuta and melila do n't appear to be marked nor labelled . 
   i am still looking for the hidden clue . 
  crimea , abkhazia , and south ossetia . 
  he also removed crimea and the 2 georgian breakaway regions of russia . 
  they do n't deal with the problem , they are the problem . 
  a couple of dozen , not anywhere near the recent amounts . 
  these people are in no way desparate , they just have little to lose . 
  they 're young , and want something , apparently they think they 'll find it in europe . 
  they 'll keep coming as long as the human traffickers are waiting to pick them up of the coast . 
  thank you for sharing your graduate thesis on here . 
  it was insightful and an eye-opener . 
  to be honest we mostly call it ` engeland ' in dutch as well . 
  ` groot-brittanni\u00eb ' or ` verenigd koninkrijk ' are too long . 
  portuguese speak brazilian , not spanish . 
  i can determine where flanders is . 
  you can see the border perfectly . 
  over 80 million people are cramped up that river . 
  turks and russians would disagree . 
  it 's not underfunded , it 's just completely corrupted . 
  the military budget is a fancy name for ` economic subsidy of my political friends ' , they buy all sorts of equipment for billions of euro 's which simply never works . 
  the german drones were bought , modified , and immediately disgarded ( could n't obtain a flying license ) . 
  they bought new american ones instead , which are due to be delivered in a couple of years . 
  the german multipurpose helicopters were already rusting when they left the factory , they 're not allowed to fly over water nor below a certain altitude should they fall apart mid-flight . 
  the airbus a400m is rising in price daily , but it 's still not ready , perhaps never will be , and it ca n't refuel helicopters either so they bought half a plane . 
  the german military is riddled with these sort of things , a ton of money is wasted and it never yields something useful . 
  the factories are churning , rubbish comes out , rubbish goes into storage , military needs to borrow foreign equipment when it comes to it . 
  i did , it seems it 's too complicated for you though . 
  either way this conversation seems rather pointless if it ca n't be expected of you to read a reply you 're attempting to comment on . 
  perhaps try to read the replies . 
  the problem is is that there really is n't a golden solution . 
  so at the least biogas is a start , but a lot more will be needed . 
  that was never said . 
  no it 's not . 
  coal has about 24-30 mj/kg , natural gas has 56 mj/kg . 
  not to mention the conversion of the specific energy is less efficient as well . 
  lpg , diesel , ethanol are all higher than coal too . 
  yes it has only one advantage , coal is the worst source of energy there is . 
  use bio-gas and lng then . 
  you 've got to be a bit creative and flexible on this one , coal is absolutely horrible and the worst source of energy there is . 
  unfortunately coal has one advantage , it 's everywhere in europe . 
  you can create bio-gas by composting all your organic waste . 
  you can import lng , you can search for domestic gas wells ( poland must 've some small ones ) of course that 's not nearly enough , but it 's an improvement . 
  as for expensive of course it 's more expensive , but do you want to improve the climate and environment or not ? 
  gas is the cleanest conventional source there is . 
  if you at the same time seek for ways to reduce electricity consumption you may be able to shut a coal plant or two , which is a good start . 
   it is not like we get the money for nothing . 
  that 's exactly what it is like . 
  only tony blair falls under the jurisdiction of the icc . 
  bush signed a law colloquially called ` the hague invasion act ' which allows the us president to invade the netherlands if the icc would ever persecute an american . 
  gas is a good improvement over coal . 
  yes but so far you 've only demonstrated that you 're very emotional about the matter , but have no rational argument whatsoever , only a gut feeling about ` double standards ' , ` favouritism ' and ` imperialism ' . 
  if that 's what they want . 
  the consequences are yours , not ours . 
  it 's your money they steal , your people they kill , your homes they destroy . 
  china and turkey are n't a signatory to the icc , so they ca n't be persecuted . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/60/icc_member_states.svg/863px-icc_member_states.svg.png ) iran is a signatory , but never ratified the treaty . 
  it 's not , belgium is much closer to the netherlands than germany . 
   i 100 % agree that all african leaders that where targeted by the icc should have been targeted without exceptions , alright . 
   but so should certain western leaders like whom , for what ? 
   there is a base double standards going on that favours president 's of europe and north america and even turkey due to political intressant that is unacceptable . 
  there might be i do n't know , but if there would be , i would imagine it would be possible to give some examples . 
  what specifically do you think the icc should 've gone after in ` the west ' but did n't due to ` imperialism ' ? 
  and what specifically do you think the icc should * not * have gone after in africa , but did due to ` imperialism ' ? 
  this has been going on for years , it 's just in the current context that the media finds it interesting . 
  in short spain does not recognize the territorial waters , the spanish patrol boat just sails through there into a spanish port , and sails out again .
