an ` eu army ' will only work if designed the same way as nato , where militaries remain independent but are put in a common framework so that procurement can benefit from scale , interoperability and cooperation is enhanced . 
  some things they could consider ; * universal budget guideline ( everybody spends at least 1,5 % of gdp on defense for example , * mandatory * ) * universal weaponsystem standardization . 
  this is not for all systems , but could be the basic things , like using the same rifles , same ifv 's , mbt 's , multipurpose helicopters , transport aircraft etc. 
  nato already does this with some minor things like munitions , the eu could go a bit further * a ` european treaty organisation ' , providing mutual defense of all eea members . 
  ( please get rid of turkey while in the process , let 's keep it eea centered , so iceland , norway switserland should be offered the opportunity to join , the uk as well when it leaves . ), 
  still an odd story , so there 's no evidence what sub it was , and no further evidence of it happening except the russian story . 
  i do n't have a lot of trust in what russia says anymore . 
  i 've already seen people flying the european flag on the flagpost in their garden . 
  so if that 's your thing , hoist it up . 
  investments did not arrive in time in eastern poland . 
  welcome to kalininberg . 
  can you please share some with us ? 
  it 's been years since we had this . 
  it 's pretty straight forward really , the king is the head of state , the pm the head of the executive government . 
  the pm has a seat on the council , the head of state does not . 
  he 's the head of state . 
  the head of government has a seat on the council . 
   they have first past the post and winner take all in congressional elections as well . 
  only per congressional district , which is pretty much identical to the british system for example . 
  also multiple countries in europe have fptp . 
  we do n't elect those either . 
  so we really do n't elect this ` president ' , he is elected by people who are elected by people who we elected . 
  democracy died somewhere in that chain . 
  that would be incorrect , our king does not have a seat on the european council . 
   i 'd be in favor of more direct elections though . 
  that 's a euphemism . 
  we do n't elect our government officials , and they elect the council and commission president . 
  anyone pretending we vote for these presidents is obtuse , deliberate or not . 
   the big difference is that we nether implement first past the post nor winner takes all . 
  [ . . ]  each country has a number of seats and these are filled proportionately , again , to the extent that it 's possible . 
  you 're comparing presidential elections to parliamentary elections ? 
  we do n't even elect presidents of the eu . 
  we do n't have a president , maybe that 's why we could n't vote on him . 
  i had no idea , til . 
  was it somewhere in their party manifesto ? 
  ( ` will vote for donald tusk as european council president ' ) tried searching , but could n't find it . 
   this i 'd take with a pinch of salt . 
  i 'm really into examining potential weaknesses of carriers in the future , subs and cruise missiles being the obvious candidates for carrier killers , but i 'm always skeptical about the us exercises regarding them . 
  the walrus submarine ` sunk ' the uss theodore roosevelt and 8 american battleships . 
  it managed to hit the carrier twice . 
  they tried to push it to the limits , the walrus class submarine was at the end spotted when it opened its torpedo port at 1,5 km away from the aircraft carrier . 
  it carries mark 48-7 torpedo 's which have a range of 50km , and one of them is sufficient to sink a ship , even that large . 
  just google search on ` theodore roosevelt ' ` walrus ' and ' 1999 ' , it was a large exercize . 
   why was this ? 
  for the yugoslav war during the nato intervention . 
  the yugoslav navy had missiles which were deemed a threat , so the vessels needed to stay in port , to ensure that a walrus submarine was of the coast of kotor at periscop depth , monitoring possible missile launches and ready to fire at any vessel disobeying orders . 
   to remind people that we have politician and elections in the europe too when did we elect donald tusk ? 
   we aim for proportional representation [ . . ] the eu as a whole . 
  no we do n't . 
  the make up of the ep is exactly the same as that of the electoral college , smaller states get relatively more representation . 
   uhh . 
  who told you that ? 
  [ 1 ] ( http://marineschepen.nl/schepen/walrus.html )  the people who run the submarine program and have no interest in showing failure , the people who operate it do not talk about the submarine operations , government policy . 
   or the people who they were tailing that had no interest in saying that you 're not invisible and they can blow you under the water if you 're not careful . 
  because both have reason to lie . 
  there have been numerous submarines detected which were mentioned right away . 
  the reason why you can be pretty sure , is because these subs operate ( d ) inside national waters during war and peace time . 
  if iran or iraq , or venezuela had spotted them , they would 've yelled at the un that we dropped of agents in iraq , or were laying of the coast collecting communications . 
  also in training , this submarine was able to sink an entire us carrier group including escorts without being spotted . 
  a dutch submarine has never been tracked during operations since ww2 . 
  when the swedes ` hallucinated ' the russians said it was us . 
   no , it 's not . 
  we aim for proportional representation yes , and that 's fine when you 're a country the size of maryland , but get 's a bit different when you 're a country the size of the us . 
  russia has never been able to track a walrus sub on a mission before , the americans could n't , the iraqi 's could n't , iran could n't , yugoslavia could n't , venezuela could n't , and a whole lot more we do n't know of could n't . 
  it 's a bit of an odd story . 
  true , it does not , but i disagree . 
  i ca n't help it , but it 's the first thing that i think of whenever i hear ` germany ' now . 
  merkel just left a very bad taste . 
  because it 's basically a synonym for germany right now . 
  you guys need a better pr team . 
  would apparently be the first time a dutch sub is discovered during an operation since ww2 . 
  i 'm curious what happened , but will take the russian words with a backpack of salt . 
  ( dutch ministry refuses to comment , they do not talk about submarine operations ) the russians also have a tendency to hallucinate and see these subs everywhere , they also blamed us for that swedish operation a while ago saying it was our sub . 
  except in maine and nebraska , yes . 
  the us has a different history and has been around as a state since 1776 . 
  in its early years it encountered problems not unlike what we 're facing now , but when it formed the us was n't a set of 28 nationstates with a long , rich and proud history . 
  let me put it this way , the eu offers you a great opportunity to grow towards us , we 've opened our doors for that opportunity literally and figuratively , if that works , who knows we 'll be a use in 100 years . 
  then again i totally understand it if ` working towards us ' might not be your beef like poland is realizing . 
  we can still be friends in that case . 
  actually it does , since the whole reply was about it being the same principle . 
  you responded to it after all , you did n't write it , so you do n't decide where it 's about . 
  i 'll put it more frank to you if it 's unclear ; smaller us states traditionally have more electors to ensure that they are n't overshadowed by bigger states . 
  because we have everything better arranged , we do n't need your kacynki 's , orbans , corruption , anti-abortion/lgbt social convictions or poverty . 
  you want things from us , we want nothing from you . 
  so how would you go about making sure there 's something in it for us ? 
  thing is our societies are completely different , you only like us because we 're richer and we tend to give money away to those poorer , but what makes you think we would want more from you ? 
  sorry for being harsh , but somebody has got to be realistic here sometimes . 
  that does n't matter , it 's the same principle . 
  i was kidding , never seen the russian clip ` occupant ' ? 
  france is just a couple of miles of the coast of [ new england ] ( http://www.weltrekordreise.ch/flags-maps/pm_map2.jpg ) , try them . 
  lost me at ` happening now ' . 
  wilders is for all intends and purposes an established party , and they 're riding the tide that had fortuyn murdered . 
   the pro-russian centre party promised 6 % economic growth per year . 
  by moving the estonian labourers from german public toilets to soviet factories ? 
  but estonia is the size of maryland . 
  it 's the same idea we have in the eu , estonia has seats in the european parliament for the same reason a candidate can win without getting an actual majority in the us ; protecting smaller states by avoiding the bigger ones doing all the bidding by giving them relatively more representation per capita . 
  and who 's going to make estonia great again ? 
  sure , i also see it as an opportunity to strengthen the european part of nato with less dependency on the us and higher spending . 
  putin feels empowered at the moment though , fighting in ukraine is lighting up big-time currently as well , there was already heavy shelling last night , this morning huge shipments of supplies by rail suggest a possible new offensive . 
  i 'm kinda worried for nato , just heard a report there 's been an incident between a dutch submarine and the russian carrier group of the coast of syria .
