  it 's a state of the art strike fighter , then you buy it to patrol around the north sea as they would n't be available for any international deployment . 
  might as well have gone for a cheaper superiority fighter then . 
   rumors has it that it runs on potato peels . 
  unlikely , they would have invited latvian officials if it ran on such a resource , few others can produce that sort of fuel in sufficient amounts . 
   the netherlands can start by buying back their tanks . 
  asap that 's not going to happen . 
  why not look for some new abrahams or challengers ? 
  and those 37 f-35 's need to be increased to the initially planned + / - 100 as well . 
   he went to the hungarian capital on the invitation of prime minister viktor orban for a conference on `` the car of the future '' . 
  very curious what car they came up with the leading heads of the car industry , a commissioner of digital economy and society , the hungarian president and russian consul . 
  alright , i do n't know much about german politics , there 's no media coverage in the netherlands about that either really , and people are more interested in other countries . 
  it 's quite sad but also funny , there was a satirical program recently about german politics and how little we know of it . 
   she risked the security of our soldiers for personal political gains , wasted millions of tax payers money , how so exactly ? 
  military aircraft industry is very small , mediocre and expensive . 
  ships is true . 
  what same core values do we have exactly in europe ? 
  the values that abortion is illegal like in ireland ? 
  the values that gay marriage is against traditional religious meaning like in poland ? 
  the values of illiberal democracies like hungary ? 
  absolutely right . 
   because she popped out babies that she later got maids for ? 
  to succeed you 'll need to distinguish yourself , she 's one of the few people that has children in germany . 
   who either a ) knowing fully well she 's driven & ambitious , chose not to have kids ; see , thing is , von der leyen has a carreer and children , so she seems like a better person compared to someone who only achieved one of that . 
   the completely opposite . 
  yea i expected that , i was kidding . 
   many hardcore trump supporters in my family . 
  i ca n't even admit my political views around them without fear of violence . 
  my brother in law and father are armed to the teeth and sees liberals as the enemy . 
  they just think i 'm some libertarian that hates freedom . 
  i 'd dare not admit that i actually voted for obama and clinton . 
  i 'm sorry to hear that , why do n't you move to the big cities ? 
  seems like an unhealthy environment to live in . 
  i 'm no clinton fan at all , but you guys sure lost one president with obama . 
  compelling retort for a compelling comment . 
  having 7 children and achieving what she did very much so . 
   this is rare in the us . 
  yet your wages are higher , your minimum wage is higher , your average wages are higher as well . 
  keep in mind the average german only earns 2200 euro gross per month . 
  after taxes you 're talking about roughly 2000 dollars per month , or 24k dollar per year net . 
   that does n't sound great but it is n't any better than the us . 
  there is no such program here . 
  if you are out of work you do n't get paid outside of unemployment benefits ( which run out ) and welfare . 
  the us does have a social security system , which does n't seem worse than the german one except the healthcare part perhaps . 
   it nearly drove me insane and has ended with a major division in my family . 
  they did n't like you voted trump ? 
  oh i agree , i do n't like german involvement , but for germany itself she would n't make a bad candidate . 
  no it says a thing about her qualities as a person , and a good person is likely to make a good politician . 
  not on itself , but it 's a good indicator . 
  no doubt would be a better one than merkel . 
   well , the number of children does n't say much . 
  you 'll find out when you get older , they do n't fall out of the sky , and shops aint giving the second for free like you 're implying . 
  they are . 
   you said you visited a coastal area of the us . 
  was it perhaps the bay area in california or nyc ? 
  mostly bay area/sf indeed . 
  but also los angelos , las vegas , san diego , the coastal surfer towns , and more inland death valley , nevada desert , arizona etc. 
   you should come visit me in the middle if you want your image of the us shattered . 
  i 'm planning to do route 66 on the motorcycle soon , perhaps i 'll get to see the other side you 're describing . 
  in the mean time it 's important to note germany has 80 million citizens , france 60 million , and the us 320 million . 
  so even if a higher percentage would be as backward or even more so than germans or french , there would still be a larger group that is n't . 
  you speak of labour rights , yet 2 years ago germans did n't even have a minimumwage . 
  and you know what germany invented ? 
  they called it ' 1 euro jobs ' . 
  the social security you 're so impressed with means that if you 're out of work you get to work at 1 euro the hour forced by the government . 
  i get the feeling you 've never been in germany , and have read the new york times perhaps a couple of times too often . 
  it 's certainly no sweden , and there 's two things the whole country hates , that 's trains that do n't ride on time , and spending money . 
  looking at her curriculum and the fact she still has 7 children , this woman is most certainly competent and driven . 
  so she introduced ~ ~ m ~ ~ paternity leave for males , wants more german involvement in foreign politics , wants more nato support for the baltics , wants more sanctions against russia . 
  she does n't seem like a bad candidate . 
  what 's wrong with von der leyen ? 
   if not you have a very warped view of the american public . 
  you 're welcome to explain how . 
  i may be biased as i have n't been to the interior of the us yet , and yes there 's a lot of conservative religious groups there as well , but the us is a large country , and a substantial population does not belong to these groups . 
  tell me why then that the us is in pretty much every aspect a decade or two ahead of germany if it would n't be so . 
  yea , no , sorry . 
  i see it 's a very sensitive topic for you that you ca n't run a prudent budget and are leaving your children with heapes of debt , too bad you ca n't talk about it , would make an interesting subject . 
  personal experience . 
  the us has much more opinions and interaction , they cherish the market place of ideas , they do n't suppress other opinions like germany , they do n't jerk of a hive mind for moral gratification , but value their constitutional freedoms ( which is much more extensive than theirs ) and a fluid society with loads of potential , prospects , hope and a future . 
  also pretty much every innovation or progress comes from the us , not from religious conservative narrow minded countries like germany . 
  germans know how to tight a nut and a bolt , but everything that was n't done in the 18th century comes from the us . 
  wether it was the moon landing , advanced sattelites , the mars rovers , the internet , computers , smartphones , it all comes and grows in the same place , and that will remain being the case when we go to mars or other great achievements of humanity . 
  and you know why ? 
  because people thrive in such an environment . 
  and that 's something i would be willing to work towards and with . 
  not the other side of the coin . 
   what has the us ever done for europe pretty much everything that we cherish . 
  safety , stability , innovation , prosperity , freedom . 
  yes . 
  i do n't see how that sounds crazy to you , i 've much more in common with the us than with france or germany . 
  americans are a much more open , free , reasoned , progressing , innovative and altruistic society . 
  legally they 're required to if they want to ratify the treaty . 
  almost no one seems to know how the referendum law works . 
  they 're both . 
  the results are binding as in the referendum has annulled the parliamentary approval . 
  they 're also non-binding , in that parliament can still adopt it anyway , * but they need to vote again . 
  * and as it stands there 's not a majority that will vote in favour . 
   that 's unable to legally compel the government to act our government is actually compelled to act , they just keep postponing it . 
  but if they want to ratify the treaty it has to pass parliament again . 
  most erasmus students probably attend a western university , i 'm sure kacynski and orban would rather build private guest houses from that money than see it being spend on exchange students in western europe . 
  instead of bowing to the us you euronationalists want to bow to germany and france .
