   do you not hear those eu elites droning daily `` europe this , europe that , '' speaking in the name of a whole continent ? 
  they never use it to talk about the continent , just observe how much people use ` europe ' in the context against russia , while russia is a european country . 
   so belgium is the lion 's arse that 's france ( a portion of france is included called ` french flanders ' ), 
   because the european union was intended to be just that - an european union . 
  it means puting the europeans above everyone else . 
  if not , they should just rename it the `` world union '' . 
   * ukraine is not part of the eu * the eu was never intended to do that nor be that, 
   you realise you are using the same argument anti-vaxxers and climate change deniers use ? 
  you realize you 're using the same logic as lead-deniers ? 
   also , when did the overwhelming view of the scientific community say lead was safe ? 
  there is a difference between saying lead is safe and there not have been research done on it . 
  that was the prevalent opinion then after years and numerous researches , because , like most research , it was flawed . 
   you keep using the word `` good '' without actually defining it . 
  as far as i can see it just means food that your ignorant prejudice has deemed bad . 
  that 's about as far as the length of your nose no doubt . 
  you can already deduct it from my former reply if you tried putting that grey matter to work instead of grasping at insults . 
   jesus how low can you go . 
  i 'm sorry that third world farmers ca n't afford massively inflated costs of `` organic '' pesticides to satisfy you . 
  whatever they can or can not afford is irrelevant . 
  i do n't control how they grow crops , nor is this discussion about how they grow grops . 
   irrelevant , we are discussing glyphosate as a pesticide . 
  not meat . 
  it 's actually relevant but with the attention span of a gold fish you had already forgotten you even asked questions yourself about it . 
  regardless , you responded to me , i determined what we discussed . 
  if you do n't like the subject , go bother someone else . 
  index finger is for people you know , ` joo ' is more of a youth thing , you stop doing that as adult . 
  -1 , beaten by finland . 
   as an eastern european , the more i read about these problems , the more i think that the freedom of movement should be restricted . 
  some we states are complaining about too many ee migrants , eastern europe is losing its work force and young people . 
  the netherlands voted eagerly for distributing the unlimited number of migrants from me and africa across the eu but held a whole referendum to block the fully european ukrainians from getting visa-free travel to the eu . 
  we 've consistently tried to reduce non-european migrants as well , enough is enough , we 're the most densily populated country in europe and tens of thousands keep coming in every year . 
  we also have the right to have affordable housing , and some green zones just as you . 
  you 're swimming in room , it seems counterproductive to all move here and all live on a couple of km2 and leave your vast countries behind empty as the desert . 
  and what makes you think ukrainians have more right to come here than syrians or iraqi 's , or whomever else ? 
   the uk rejected the east europeans in favor of the commonwealth people ( `` better a pakistani doctor than a ee fruit picker '' ) . 
  they did not . 
  they rejected the discriminatory system that favoured ee , and opted for a fair system where common wealth and europeans would be treated equal . 
   do you honestly think getting some kind of fake confirmation about how long you stayed in a country is going to be difficult ? 
  not difficult , impossible . 
  you 'll need to reside in a country for 5-10 years , learn the language , customs , pass the test , all the while while having a job . 
  if you would give that much for a permit to live/work in the uk you deserve it . 
  thanks , i was afraid you wanted to blame us for it . 
  while our relations were anything but warm at the time , that was not our doing . 
  the germans build that . 
  the fence around baarle-hertog was n't electrified . 
  well it was actually a fence , 5km 's long and it had 7 heavily guarded gates . 
  the germans could n't reach it , the netherlands was neutral . 
  neutrality means you do n't defend somebody 's military installations/operations . 
  the netherlands build a wall around it in ww1 due it being a safehaven for belgian resistance . 
   you 're just opposed to ngos working on those issues at home . 
  they 're not working on these issues , they 're exacerbating them by making people who legimitaly mean well look bad by being associated with them . 
   you should be canonized , you 're practically a saint with that caring attitude . 
  i 'm not a saint nor do i aspire to be one , i hope you 're nearly running out of these edgy remarks . 
   ah , so you 're one of those ' i do n't give a shit about gay/racial issues here because ithings are worse in the mideast ... not mideast , they 're worse virtually everywhere in the world . 
  i 'm one of those who cares about both , but i 'm a reasonable person , so i prefer to put things in their respective context and respond appropriately . 
   i also do n't care about them there either , but this is a good way to show how edgy i am ' people . 
  let me get you a sheath for that , before you cut yourself . 
   yeah , the thing is i 've lived in a bunch of countries , including a few years in ** ` eastern europe ' , ** good god , did you make it out alive ? 
  all limbs still attached ? 
  psychologically still sound ? 
   and know full well the degree of racism and homophobia that goes on there . 
  hmmhm , talk about statements by comfortable westerners . 
  if i was gay i would take eastern european discontent over a maroccan prison or saudi noose around my neck any day of the week . 
  i do n't know the first thing of the horrors you must 've been through as an australian , sorry if your third world country of origin has entered your human rights with hands and feet . 
   han getting in to the uk by getting citizenship in another eu member state with preferential status , good luck getting citizenship , if you 're willing to sacrifice 5-10 years of your life for that . 
   [ ... ] ` human rights ' [ ... ] not to be confused with human rights . 
  the former is a system of advocacy for institutional racism , reaping division and destruction of peaceful communities . 
  the latter manages basic human rights like right to live , not to be tortured etc. 
  in theory at least , as they 've never been consistently respected . 
  not exactly , germany still has misogynist [ signs ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/road_signs_in_germany#/media/file:zeichen_239.svg ) . 
  agreed , there 's no logic in your statement nor any loophole to speak of . 
  the eu will have 27 memberstates left , all of them have their own separate passport and citizenship , each of them can be subject to different rules in the british immigrt . 
  policies . 
   while it might not affect your little island the problem exists in many places on the continent . 
  malta is a country that has more cars than citizens , not sure they 've really clean air . 
  the country is a floating traffic jam . 
  more vw 's on the road coud solve this , i heard they 've very low reported emissions . 
  every day ` human rights campaigners ' are angered is a great day . 
   if they give preference to any eu country , they will inevitably give access to citizens from every eu country . 
  no , that does n't follow at all . 
   and either member states have equal rights , that depends what you define as rights . 
  there 's nothing equal about the eu . 
  how can this be ? 
  i thought austerity had a positive effect on the economy ? 
  forgive me for not reacting in kind to destroying other peoples livelihood for your personal gain , especially of those people that have already footed your bills and opened their doors to you for years . 
  it 's treacherous and unfitting of decent people . 
  if they think that easily about our integrity i 'm all for screwing them over double time . 
  pollers know of the existence of this ` stupid ' ( how old are you ? ), 
  system in advance , hardly an excuse for such sheer incompetence . 
  they can push all they want , ultimately it 's a british decision . 
  ceta was n't nearly as important , and the mediocre benefits are yet to be acquired , that 's a whole different can of worms than destroying the livelihood of thousands of people that they have already acquired . 
  this all seems hugely misogynist . 
  how about ` treat women as you treat any person ' classes . 
  not ` this is how german women see to your sexual needs until you find a wife from your own country , by taking them to amsterdam and give them a pretty necklace . ', 
  this particular one is from 1609 by claes jansz . 
  if you keep resisting our secret plans of anschluss with futile pedantry we 'll rename groningen to oost-holland . 
  baarle hertog could be exchanged for castelre . 
  ssst , it 's supposed to be a secret operation . 
  * in 2020 herzogenrath was anschlussed by the netherlands . 
  all according to plan .
