  then you draw some mold on the treaty . 
  you did n't have a truth , just some jingoism . 
  do n't inflate it with opinions either , you can not discern either from each other , but for the rest of us they mean something different . 
  it 's worrying when the truth becomes ` bashing ' to you . 
  i 'm sorry you 're personnally so invested in this and have an extremely jingoist attitude regarding ukraine . 
  but i will not step out of my way to blame where blame is due , wether that is russia , ukraine or whomever else . 
   maybe a united union of the rich western european states , nursing lovingly their white guilt , shielded by the perpetually poor and fucked up by all the different invaders eastern europe ? 
  so much spite ... thanks for providing an example of the division . 
   that is fucking scary shit for . nl , i do n't find it scary at all , i find the concept of having hope , seeing improvement and working on progress again quite enticing actually . 
   considering we 're a transport nation , yes well 4 centuries ago we were a grain nation , 3 centuries ago a coffee , spice and sugar nation , 1-2 centuries ago a rubber and oil nation . 
  it 's not about how you earn money that makes you succesful , it 's your ability to adapt . 
  we did n't always earn our money by hiring poles and romanians to drive trucks and bangladeshians to tend to our ships , and we will not always earn it like that either . 
  frankly i do n't find that whole transport industry so interesting anymore , half eastern europe is a truck driver here , bangledeshians tend to our ships , and we 're left paying the taxes for all the wear and tear of roads , rails and canals . 
   and economically tied to germany like a bsdm slave . 
  another reason to break ranks . 
  [ for people interested ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/38/niederlande_referendum_2016.svg/600px-niederlande_referendum_2016.svg.png ) , red = no , green = yes . 
  at least saba and st. eustatius voted in favour , ukrainians have supporters in the caribbean . 
  we already have , no use complaining as nothing is going to improve . 
   reunion is the most southern part of the eu , i think french and british antarctic territories are farther to the south than reunion . 
  makes sense , why not try to damage/destroy the eu if you 're going to leave it . 
  the british support for eu expansion ( it was not only with turkey , but also the eastern expansion the brits were pushing ) was always a game of divide and conquer . 
  we do more abroad than germany regardless . 
   `` so he can fight islamists '' . 
  makes sense , they are a bigger threat to france than russia . 
  of course you did n't for a second consider what is best for the french or france , you only thought about yourself . 
  they already destroyed it . 
  germany destroyed it with their handling of the greek/euro crisis , the eu destroyed it by not giving a hand to the uk when it was obviously overwhelmed , the east destroyed it when they showed they did not have any solidarity for the west but only demand it , no help was given for mh17 at all , no help was given for greece or italy when their shores were overrun . 
  it 's dead for as far as i 'm concerned . 
  i heard that at least on one occasion when a fairly large ship sank they did not only jam pack the boat , but they put locks on the cargo hold , where the passengers were put , doors . 
  the people inside absolutely did n't have a chance of survival , they were locked inside the boat as it sank . 
  must 've been a horrifying death . 
  what european solidarity ? 
  judging by your flair that 's your sport , not mine . 
  you can not differentiate between events ? 
  you 're also welcome to provide some facts like i do , instead of baseless accusations and whining . 
  the criteria are irrelevant , they do n't mean much . 
  romania and bulgaria met the criteria after all , says it all really . 
  it 's about the netherlands after all . 
  eastern europe and the baltics can decide for themselves . 
  russia shot down mh17 , do n't see how that 's relevant to the reply though . 
  i do hope you have calmed down since your last reply , you have a bad temper . 
   i doubt that some of those that voted `` no '' would mind norway entering the european union , yet some can write off ukraine from ever entering . 
  it 's odd , if they meet the criteria , work hard on battling corruption and many more things , even if that is in 30 years , then why not ? 
  i think you know the difference between norway or ukraine as a member very well , and why people would be more supportive of the former then the latter . 
  it was , and ukraine tried to take it over after the crash , which resulted in our personnel having to withdraw time and time again due to stray fire . 
  if ukraine had not attacked the area , our people could 've performed their tasks without having to evacuate multiple times due to gun/artilery fire in the area . 
  see 1,5 trillion dollar sounds like a lot , but 2.500 jets are a lot . 
  that 's about 2x all 28 countries of the eu their airforce . 
  it 's 2500km away from us , not exactly on our doorstep . 
  the price is n't really comparable to the harrier due to its age . 
  the f-35 is your only option as replacement for your harriers , the italians and british will use it on theirs . 
  alternative is making a whole spanish remodelling of your existing harrier fleet , some tweaks , restauration and upgrades here and there , perhaps the harriers could serve another decade or two that way . 
  might even procure some extra from the british and italians that are decomissioning them . 
  so did we , but it is not an expensive plane . 
  it is significantly more expensive than planned , but still cheaper and more capable then its competitors , and in the long run , with an expected amount 2400-3100 flying around the world the coming decades , it will certainly be cheaper to maintain and have a long life time , and many constantly innovating capabilities . 
  you are russian now . 
  if we must be involved in every war on this planet we need a larger young male population . 
   then many of your people completely missed the point of `` european union '' . 
   i 'm sorry , as one of the founding members we may have been under the illusion that we had some say in the ` point of the eu ' . 
  but turns out the recent eastern expansion disagrees with what our point was . 
   but tbh that was already apparent in that pathetic referendum , the sheer amount of stupidity , arrogance and ignorance was the biggest european embarrassment in recent years ( before brexit managed to make dutch look like rational sensible adults in comparison ) ` me so smart , they so arrogant , stupid and ingorant , it no fair w\u00e9\u00e9\u00e9h ! ', 
  what problem exactly ? 
  the f-35 will be the most flown plane in the world in a couple of years . 
  trump is not changing any of that , he did n't even say he would change anything about the f-35 , he talked about future procurements . 
   i mean it 's true , the program cost is at $ 1.5 trillion . 
  is that the us cost , or total costs of all participants ? 
  regardless , the f-35 will be the most flown jet in the world in a couple of years , no wonder it 's total cost is so high , because it will be the new f-16 . 
  so poor taxation is primarily their own fault . 
  so less then half the ` missed taxation ' is due to international avoidance . 
  and about ** 0,5 % ** of taxes missed due to international avoidance in developing countries is due to the netherlands . 
  it appears to be very much true , our role is barely worth mentioning in the poor taxation performance of developing countries . 
  but of course it 's politically not correct to stick your hand in your own bosom . 
   because the mechanisms in place through which starbucks gets to avoid british taxes via the netherlands are also available for any hypothetical firm doing business in the gambia to take advantage of . 
  no , we do not have freedom of movement for capital , goods , services and people with the whole world . 
  the mechanisms only really work for avoiding taxes in the eu primarily . 
   after the defeat of napoleon in 1815 , luxembourg was disputed between prussia and the netherlands . 
  the congress of vienna formed luxembourg as a grand duchy within the german confederation in personal union with the netherlands , being at the same time a part of the netherlands and ruled as one of its provinces , with the fortress of luxembourg manned by prussian troops . 
  [ 15 ] this arrangement was revised by the 1839 first treaty of london , from which date luxembourg 's full independence is reckoned . 
   asscher he comes across as a mental jellyfish with an eternal inmovable smile . 
  i still ca n't understand why they chose him , even samson is better than him , hell even monasch would 've been a better choice . 
  ` the netherlands helps starbucks to pay less taxes in the uk , therefor gambia gets poorer . ', 
  the only alternative would be that multinationals would be taxed in each country what they earn in each country . 
  this however would be a very bureaucratic system . 
  so yea , it makes no sense for ireland or the others to support a change in system that would see taxes being paid to 2/3 other countries and all the others left without . 
  they made sure it was a warzone , ukraine refused to cease military operations at the crash site . 
  it can join the uk now and recieve all the help it can get . 
   it `` goes against the people 's will '' they 're obligated to , the referendum annulled the ratification , therefor it needs to pass parliament again , in which some parties have indicated they 'll vote against who were previously pro-treaty . 
  therefor they ca n't ignore the results , one way or the other it needs to pass parliament again , either a modified treaty , or one that strikes the treaty down . 
   that would all be normal if it was n't for the fact that ukraine has had nearly 10 ' 000 people killed , it 's one of the poorest countries in europe and in deep crisis . 
  that 's not really our problem though is it . 
   the country needs help . 
  scoring domestic political points on them is just incredibly immoral . 
  there are several ways to provide help , it is not limited to a a-treaty . 
  it 's not scoring domestic political points , it 's listening to what the electorate wants . 
  pretty normal in a democracy , perhaps not in the post-ussr world though . 
   i really do n't see what 's so outrageous about the association agreement . 
  because you take zero effort understanding anything but yourself . 
   eu has been rather honest that ukraine wo n't be joining eu in the nearest 20 years at least . 
  is n't that enough ? 
  that 's not enough , no .
