yes , but not with shit propaganda . 
  that is what the internet is for, 
  atlast preben is doing some good work . 
  i hate most of my facebook friends just as much as anyone , but burning flags ? 
  why ? 
  the dude looks like my ballsack when taking a dip in icy waters after a finnish sauna session, 
  fucking democracy !, 
  sweden is not worst , or best if you see it that way . 
  sweden is so fucking lagom, 
  no , more by clothes or and styles . 
  but eastern/western europe is easy ofc, 
  our royal family had some connections to the nazi party in germany . 
  ( not the connection with our queen ) but politicians in general did n't like the nazis much . 
  hey man , man grandpa died in finland fighting the russians , i would do the same if it happened now . 
  preben , wtf are you doing ? 
  a joke ofc . 
  we want scotland in eu !, 
  same as in sweden !, 
  i didnt understand much but i do love it , cherish the languages, 
  wtf breivik for norway ? 
  come the fuck on , that is low and what about hitlerpie ? 
  well good for us people living in sweden , who do n't know swedish learn the langauge . 
  and i as a swede in sk\u00e5ne would come over to denmark to defend it against russia , if they decide to go there first . 
  same goes for my brothers and sisters in finland and norway . 
  as half swede , half dane i would say only people living outside the cities ( farmers and pig-fuckers ) have hate against denmark/sweden . 
  we normal people have a love/hate relationship . 
  and we who lives in the southern parts of sweden usually take the train to denmark for nightclubbing and partying since kopenhagen bigger and cheaper . 
  i have never met a dane that hated me as a swede in real life . 
  and i have been to denmark many many many times for various reasons . 
  ofc sometimes it 's banter and name calling during football season , but that is it . 
  but there probably is both swedish and danish people who are like this cunt over here . 
  but you never meet them in person , only online, 
  sick , but it has to do with him being under 18 when it happened . 
  but he deserved more than that i agree but the dude above made it sound like it had to do with the victim being white vs non white or whatever . 
  he being set of easy had to do with his age , nothing else . 
  and he got 1 year probation and sent to a juvenile home `` ungdomshem '' still soft, 
  denmark -  christiania -  grass can confirm , was there a couple of month ago, 
  look , we are not all that different from each other . 
  now let 's hold hands and be brothers and sisters, 
  source please , even if it could be true there must be something behind this . 
  i can just as easy say . 
  in 2014 sweden electrocuted a 17 year old boy for rape , then pissed on his body ? 
  source , eeeh fuck source , now it \u00b4 s on the internet and pretty much true, 
  but 9 out of 10 of our women have been raped , 12 out of 10 men have been killed by an immigrant , and we cant even criticize the regime without losing everything we own and love yes it was a joke, 
  best joke 2017 , love the salt, 
  fuck yes , kill all the dead !, 
  yes totally same thing , geez, 
  this is probably really easy to get statistic of . 
  look at areas where conservatives are majority voters , look at how many they adopted versus non conservative areas . 
  i could bet a pot of irish gold that conservatives do n't adopt more often than non conservative . 
  and the conservatives should have more reasons to adopt because they want to save all these unwanted unborn babies, 
  so you are one of those that actually think that the juridical system in sweden would give a lesser sentence if the victim was white/swedish ? 
  commes the fuck on, 
  true , my wife is my hitler and she told me to clean up on the top floor , i said . 
  so soon * salute * !, 
  too salty too soon ? 
  im kidding my german friends, 
  i dodged the military like a fucking pro !, 
  my older brothers generation all had todo military or go to prison . 
  my generation only had to do it if we wanted to . 
  now back to obligatory military and i am to old , fat , slow and smoke to much shiit we dont smoke kaptenhefty 1 - 0 sweden, 
  no finland , you have been duped by alternative \u0151 and \u00f4 's pure propaganda, 
  alternative \u0151 , fake \u0151 , sad !, 
  this guy knows what 's good !, 
  \u00d6\u00d6\u00d6\u00d6\u00d6\u00d6 !, 
  have they dope tested them yet ? 
  they always dope test people with good results . . 
  but they are !, 
  criminals are criminals , they do n't care were they are from, 
  but have you studied malm\u00f6 and the crimes , the different gangs and who is on top etc ? 
  do you know what mc gang is on top in malm\u00f6 , is it hells angeles or banditos ? 
  do you know what `` street '' gangs are on top in malm\u00f6 ? 
  do you know what families are on top in malm\u00f6 ? 
  now you are saying the granade attacks are done by only muslims . 
  remember the biggest crime cartels in malm\u00f6 are k and m family . 
  they are from balkan and not anyway refugees from middle east . 
  these are criminals no matter where they are from . 
  i found a piece of burned ground from yesterday 's riots `` holds up a piece of asphalt '' the definition of melted ground , 
  some people in america are really in to this roots thing . 
  ahh shit youre swedish , my mothers old boyfriend was swedish so i 'm half swedish, 
  yes but we ( scandinavians ) were called ** squareheads ** because we didnt want to be part of the large majority . 
  we had our own religion , our own church , our own communities with roads and buildings named in scandinavian and so on . 
  but we ofc assimilated . 
  same goes for muslims . 
  the only reason the christian religion is so accepted in society today is because they have went through years and years of reforming to fit to today 's society . 
  muslims will too . 
  just look at all the balkan muslims we have had here in sweden since the 70 \u00b4 s. 
  they are all assimilated and integrated to society . 
  and we also see a large group of `` new-swedes '' becoming part of the middle class moving out of these low income rental only suburbs into prominently ethnical swedish societies . 
  something brown alt-right people used to call white flight , which most people just call middle class flight . 
  those who can afford to move away from the suburbs and low income places will . 
  those who ca n't will stay . 
  there is native people in these suburbs too . 
  the new thing is that the first generation immigrants are starting to become middle class and moving in to prominently ethnical swedish places . 
  dont dump all the newcomers in shitty suburbs . 
  dont create societies with only rental apartments , spread them out with real housing and owned apartments . 
  give more help to people who wants to integrate fast and become a part of society, 
  probably putin and russia that stands on the finnish borders handing out old russki granadski to gang members to put fuel on the burning immigration question / s marked and sealed with the / s of sarcasm, 
  omg belive me you i did . 
  the angriest but nicest politcly correct fucking note people have ever seen .
