  i even foiled it at work so it would stand a chance in the shitty swedish winter weather . 
  defending immigrants ? 
  where did i defend immigrants ? 
  i defent my country , the love of my life sweden . 
  i am saying we have our problems but we will deal with them . 
  after we built the bridge we had a influx of crime from eastern europe . 
  not only bosnia because we have had bosnians and yugoslavs in sweden long before this without any real problems . 
  there is always going to be a couple of bad apples in the mix . 
  that doesnt mean you have to cut down the entire apple tree . 
  you deal with it accordingly, 
  on a serious note !, 
  i live in malm\u00f6 , i was born and raised in one of the suburbs of stockholm ( called miljonprogrammen ) i am white , and i am proud of myself , i am proud of my heritage and i am proud of my lovely nation . 
  i grew up in a place where swedes where a minority . 
  these suburbs are not large by any means . 
  most of my childhood friends are non ethnically swedes , second or third generation immigrants . 
  i now live in malm\u00f6 , just a stonethrow away from roseng\u00e5rd ( the alt-right no go-zone ) my inlaws live in roseng\u00e5rd ( they are also swedes ) and we are often there on dinners and leave/pickup kids when they have stayed over at their grandparents . 
  i have walked through roseng\u00e5rd at least 100 times , and have never ever got robbed or heckled in anyway . 
  once a drunk or high dude walked up to me really close and asked for a lighter , i lighted his cigarette and he was off . 
  that was the most scary thing happened to me . 
  i know three girls who have been raped in malm\u00f6 , non of them was raped by a refugee . 
  i know no one who has been raped by a refugee and i know a lot of people of all classes and races . 
  that being said . 
  ** malm\u00f6 has problems ** that needs to be dealt with . 
  but it is not the first time malm\u00f6 have had problem with criminal gangs . 
  before it was motorcycle gangs than bombed and threw grenades , before that it was the eastern european mafia and so on . 
  now it is minority gangs that terrorize parts of malm\u00f6 . 
  this shit needs to end and police needs more mandate and laws to get rid of this problem . 
  but sweden is not nearly as fucked as trump or the alt-right is making of us . 
  it is a lie . 
  and we have now closed our borders , we are denying a lot of refugees that dont have asylum needs , we have made denmark closed its borders to germany ( this is the way they are coming to sweden ) and just like we did with other organized crime , we will fix this . 
  non swedish citizens who are committing crimes will be sent out and are being sent out . 
  people with new citizenship or temporary citizenship that commits crimes will be sent out on life . 
  we do n't longer give out permanent citizenship we are giving all temporary citizenships . 
  yes sweden has problems . 
  but not enough problems that we wont deal with it !, 
  sometimes i forget to bring my own vaseline when i take a walk in my hometown malm\u00f6 . 
  this is the worst experience ever since i get raped 3-4 times daily . 
  and this friday , someone actually threw a garbage bag filled with newspapers in the normal household garbage bin . 
  horrible i tell you . 
  ofc i took out the bag and put it in the newspapers bin where it belongs . 
  what is sweden coming to ? 
  me and my two sons and my wife just went to hailibaba shop to pick up our mandatory feezzes and an hijab for my wife . 
  it 's hard being swede 2017, 
  say what r/finland r/denmark ?!, 
  shout out to r/norway for always being that cousin that your girl says you do n't have to worry about, 
  i didnt even know polish people could joke about themselves / s, 
  people have to remember , this hate for non whites in europe is the only thing these brown/alt-right people are living for . 
  without it their life would be empty . 
  very ~ ~ pleasant ~ ~ peasant city . 
  do n't hate it just cuz you aint it . 
  let me fix that for you  im kidding sk\u00f6vde i love you, 
  and here comes norway with his reasons and logic destroying all the fun . 
  norway , that smart handsome laidback cousin everyone love to hate . 
  war ? 
  bring some pilsner and p\u00f6lse and let 's have a sausage party, 
  haha, 
  dont come here with your logics and reasons , it 's about feminists and muslims . 
  we need the pitchforks to continue to bash women and muslims . 
  but this is sweden and moslims , come on man . 
  we need the hate, 
  you have my ax, 
  a couple of right wingers/nazis from sweden have done the same and is jailed, 
  welcome to sweden , no i mean eu  as the clear winner of this contest , me as a swede would like to divide the representation equally to all the eu members except uk in this list ofc . 
  american cheese tho , dont even know why they call that shit they eat cheese, 
  well i do n't know anyone who would make this chart red, 
  what is this , 1917 or 2017 ? 
  is people really this fucking ignorant in europe 2017 ? 
  damn i hope the french are smarter than buying these fake news shit made from whoever . 
  and still as soft and sexy as day 1 . 
  we call it pre-oil norway, 
  good for you brothers and sisters, 
  worked at nokia for a couple of years before we got bought by microsoft . 
  mostly totally wrong and misused but i do love the finnish language , 
  there is only few things that makes me proud to be an european lately . 
  this is one of these things that makes me proud to be a european . 
  go brothers and sisters , fight the fucking corruption, 
  keep strong european brothers and sisters, 
  multiculturalism , or what the fuck . 
  these are white guys . . hmm, 
  wow , gee . 
  thanks bruh , 
  ahhhhh hellllll noooooooo denmark has bigger penis than me !, 
  heeeeeellll no ( picture of swedish penis ) ( picture of danish penis ) the penis your girlfriend say you dont have to worry about, 
  are you saying the girl from norway i fucked two years ago does n't exist or is norway not part of europe ? 
  i am so confused !, 
  then again she kind of looked like the girl from sweden, 
  i had god jul in feliz navidad this year . 
  safety is our number one priority , read in english with an russian accent this is what i heard in my mind watching this . 
  come on br\u00d8 . 
  leave the dude alone and start to use the superior \u00d6 instead of \u00d8, 
  i kid , i love you, 
  kidding you zeroeighters, 
  russia please, 
  have a sister who got raped as a kid by a family friend . 
  normal upbringing , me and my brother have kids and families with great jobs . 
  my sister took to drugs and the street . 
  hang these motherfuckers high, 
  sweden and denmark show the way , as usual . 
  good on us brothers, 
  way to go finland !,
