  we have fought for numerous `` externally created '' nations with pride and honor . 
  the area i live in has been part of spain , the netherlands , holland , saxony , the franks , etc etc. 
  the reason the eu seems a little cautious when it comes to going to war / dying for your county is because we had our fill of that kinda stuff . 
  during the middle ages we went to war over trivial stuff you would not believe . 
  the dutch would go to war and die for the spanish because the netherlands have been part of the spanish empire for way longer then your county has even existed . 
   i 'd actually say it 'd be less than the sum of its parts , if anything because there are more than 20 different languages they could speak . 
  or we could all agree on english . 
  the language barrier wont be an issue for the nordic countries and the netherlands , they already speak most of them :p, 
   can it be greater than the sum of its parts , militarily ? 
  i 'm not sure the pro of reduced redundancies outweighs the con of integration friction . 
  it can be . 
  especial for small nations . 
  the dutch have a decent navy and air force but lack in the heavy armor department . 
  why should we spend money on mbt 's when germany 's tank game is on point . 
  and the netherlands has a small surface area and a state of the art radar network . 
  the belgian air force uses radar and atc from sites in the south of the netherlands . 
  why would they build their own when the dutch one has the range to cover both . 
   frankly , how willing are soldiers to die for a supranational political union ? 
  they already do . 
  coalition missions in the me and un peace keeping missions for example . 
  [ a unit of the dutch special forces ( nlmarsof ) has been part of the the uk special boat service since the 70 's ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/netherlands_marine_corps#united_kingdom.2fnetherlands_amphibious_force_.28uk.2fnl_af.29 ) and during deployments is commanded by the royal marines . 
   relationship with nato . 
  austria , sweden , finland , ireland , cyprus , and malta are in the eu but not nato . 
  yes but the us , canada and turkey are in nato but not the eu , i fail to see the problem . 
  maybe sweden does not feel like sending it 's troops to canada when canada is attacked . 
  but does feel like sending troops to finland when finland is attacked . 
   without the uk , the eu has one `` major '' military power , france . 
  given france 's favorability ratings of the eu ( lower than anyone but greece ) , this seems like a problem . 
  even if france drops out of the eu it could still chose to pitch in to a european defense project . 
  the eu is not an in or out thing . 
  switzerland is not in the eu but i do n't need a passport to go skiing there . 
  the uk might be leaving the eu but i doubt our naval cooperation would change all that much . 
  the uk might not like the eu trade and migration policies but i think the uk is smart enough to realise dutch airtankers refueling uk fighters and france sharing their radar data with uk missile sites makes sense in defending the continent . 
   without the uk , the eu has one nuclear power , france . 
  do we expect france to sign over its nuclear capability to the eu , or do they retain sole control over it ? 
  if a nuke hits europe you could put good money on the us retaliating before the french could even say ; sacrebleu !, 
  and while they might not be able to build nukes themself , other eu countries have nukes via the nato nuke sharing program . 
  ( while the us keeps launch code under lock and key . 
  if germany calls the us and says ; yo !, 
  berlin just got nuked , could you give us the codes ? 
  the us is going to say no ? ), 
  there is a reason why the eu only has 1-2 aircraft carriers . 
  those things a bit to pricey for a single small country to build . 
  do you really think the us would have so many of them if each state needed to fund their own . 
  only ca an tx would be able to afford one . 
  also , it does n't make sense for greece to train commandos that excel in arctic combat . 
  why would they when sweden is way better at that then them . 
  why would the netherlands need to focus on mountain combat when it does n't even have hills ? 
  why would germany need to build high tech coastal patrol vessels when it has only a short coast line . 
  i would love it if the netherlands could drop its army . 
  that way germany could cut back it 's navy . 
  we would protect the german coast and german tanks would protect our land borders if the need ever arises . 
  it 's pointless for every eu nation the spend money on specialised troops that focus on underwater covert operations . 
  just let every eu nation focus on what it 's good at , that way you can create a stronger defense while spending less cash . 
  we have an village called urk . 
  it used to be a island surrounded salt water . 
  now it 's a village on the shores of a fresh water lake . 
  ill be sure to try one when i 'm in the neighborhood , it sounds a bit strange but could very well be quite tasty . 
  so basically just incomplete cheese . 
  from the pic it kinda looked like cocos , kinda like a bounty . 
  if the inside is whipped cream then we have them here as well . 
  i love eating them frozen . 
  it 's the festini for sure . 
  i can easily suck the fruit out of a raket , but a festini ... daar zuig je het fruit niet zomaar uit !, 
  love those things . 
  especially the real german ones !, 
  the ones they sell here are basically just an [ oliebol ] ( http://www.vlugenvaardig.nl/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/oliebol.jpg ) with jam inside of it , way to greasy . 
  they sell those in dutch stores as well . 
  [ zigeunerschnitzel they are called here . 
  what is the white stuff ? 
  those are always a bit bigger then i think they are . 
  i do n't think i ever finished one without feeling overstuffed . 
  i still refer to it as queensday . 
  old habits are hard to un-learn . 
  i feel a great connection to the bottom of the north sea ... 
  i just did , 
   would you consider this incident as racist . 
  no turkish ( in this context ^ 1 ) is not a race . 
  but i do think it 's discriminatory and that banning people on facebook based on nationality is a dick move . 
  [ 1 : i know there is a ethnic group called the turkish people , but he is banning you based on nationality . 
  it 's not like he is allowing kurdish people living in turkey on to the facebook group or that he is also banning people who live in denmark who share genetic markers with turks because their great grandparents used to live in the ottoman empire . ], 
  wheelie-bins : * one for plant based waste * one for paper and cardboard * one for general waste other stuff : * i dump my batteries in a battery bin at the super market * i dump my glassware in an underground container ( separated in clear , brown and green glass ) * i have a specialized container that is used to store chemical waste . 
  ( needs to be emptied at the recycling center ) * store my oils ( mostly from my deep-fryer ) in the original container and bring it to the recycling center . 
  i do n't separate plastics types . 
  i chuck 'm all the in the general waste bin alongside drink cartons , cans , metals and ( unfix-able/non-battery containing ) electronics . 
  because the recycling center picks up the bin and separates it for me . 
  i like your series but your sports coverage and news sucks balls . 
  there is a crap ton of graphics all over the screen . 
  [ us news ] ( http://www.rawstory.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/cnn_nd_hillary_honest_160314a-800x430.jpg ) vs [ dutch news ] ( http://lijn17.nl/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/lekker-annechien-steenhuizen.jpg ) . 
   on a side note ... people in the us do seem to like dutch game show concepts . 
  stuff like big brother , the voice , fear factor , deal or no deal , etc, 
  i occasionally hear jets during exercises but day2day air traffic is routed around the city instead of over it . 
  you should look into getting [ a vouwfiets ] ( https://escdn.nl/images/upload/2510ac7f9b624d06f994cc58e0014c44.jpeg ) . 
  they have seats that are adjustable in height over a wide range . 
  you can also fold them up and take it with you on the train for free . 
  you tend to look more professional and grown-up riding one of those then you do riding a kids bike with a tmnt/power rangers/barbie/frozen paint job . 
   eastern norway that part of norway is sometimes called sweden right ? 
  the uni in my city has a crap top of chinese students for some reason . 
  they tend to be a lot shorter than the average dutchman so they tend to ride kid bicycles . 
  i saw a ram pickup drive down my street the other day .
