  the uk , eu , turkey and russia disagree on a lot of thing . 
  but this is something we could all agree on . 
  yeah i also have no idea what that is . 
  a blue passport would be hard to find when you drop it on your eu flag . 
  nah man , do n't cut yourself short . 
  poland is n't perfect but it 's getting there . 
  man i work in a club and the dancefloor stinks of old beer and sweat during cleanup . 
  the smoke odor used to mask that smell . 
  ( though it 's kinda nice we do n't have to clean the nicotine and tar out of the filters of the lightmixer any more ), 
  wattage has nothing to do with luminous flux . 
  a 15w led puts out more light then a 60w incandescent bulb . 
  but i do agree the the led has a inferior chromatic curve ( it 's not even a curve , just some peaks at specific wave lengths ) that 's also why tv studios still use allot of incandescent bulbs . 
  fair point . 
  never !, 
  it 's our national identity . 
  if we stop the fight we will just become funny talking germans that sell weed and ride bikes without wearing a helmet . 
  why do you think we are pumping money into the european space agency ? 
  we need a new challenge and the second we find surface water on mars you can bet your ass the dutch will be there to polder the ever-loving shit out of it . 
  i agree the poles deserve a break , i really do . 
  but being part of the eu means collectively solving problem . 
  most of the refugees arrive in greece , italy and spain . 
  we , as the eu member states , ca n't just let those countries be overrun only because our geography shields us from refugees entering our borders directly . 
  you do n't have to go full germany and allow 500.000 into poland . 
  but only allowing 2000 into a country with a population of 38 mill is a bit on the low side . 
  why not push it up to 4000 just to show good faith . 
  i mean the netherlands is so tiny and densely populated that we literally build city 's at the bottom of north sea because we ran out of room , but we still took in ~ 16k . 
  we do n't like it either but greece and italy need our help and we have their back . 
  just like how they would have our back if our dykes broke and our country flooded . 
  the rain is fine , it helps us grow tulips . 
  it 's that salty bastard of a north sea we hate with a passion . 
  agreed but you kinda signed up for that when you joined the eu . 
  i should have formulated it better , my apologies . 
  poland does not have a past filled with with colonial expansion , slave trade and overseas territories . 
  let 's take my home country ( nl ) as an example : we have islands in the caribbeans that are part of the netherlands . 
  when suriname gained independence lots of people from there migrated here because they still had a dutch passport . 
  same thing happened at the end of wwii with indonesia . 
  we invited over a bunch of guest workers in the 60 's and 70 's from morocco and turkey because we had a labor force shortage and we were busy undertaking massive civil engineering projects . 
  during the slave trade era we saw a substantial influx of african slave traders moving to holland to spend the wealth they earned selling slaves to the wic . 
  our trading empire in asia caused lots of cultures from that region to be brought back home , van gogh probably walked passed a chinese restaurant when he lived in amsterdam . 
  while 1,5 mill ukrainians working in poland is no small number by any standard , the cultural difference between those two nations is smaller the difference between indonesia and the netherlands . 
  the countries share a border and not too long ago shared a political union . 
  poland has been occupied numerous times in recent history ( i 'm not calling poland weak , we have been under french and spanish rule for a long time as well ) i feel like the eu should just let poland be polish for the time being and not try to force other cultures on them just yet . 
  umbrella gun with with a ricin pellet ? 
  would not have been the fist time that happened . 
  thanks for posting this . 
  a few weeks ago i tried searching a vid of this on yt but i could not remember how it was called . 
  also ... 
  this is how the eu should handle all internal negotiations and disputes . 
  way more entertaining then watching bureaucrats in brussels debate issues in legal terms, 
  while i feel poland should help out with the eu migrant crisis ... you do have a point . 
  the eu should be careful when pushing societal changed in poland . 
  poland has n't been in the eu for that long and the country has no real foreign immigration waves in it 's recent history . 
  it 's also quite religious . 
  maybe the eu should ease poland into the `` multi-culti '' thing in a couple of years and focus on , for example , trying to change poland view on gay rights to a more eu view on gay rights for the time being . 
  no incorrect . 
  clay is usually at the bottom of the north sea and we all know the bottom of the north sea is just a part of the netherlands that 's still a bit wet . 
  luxembourg used to make big bucks transmitting signal for commercial broadcasters in countries where commercial broadcasting was heavily regulated due to it 's location . 
  it 's located higher then the netherlands and antennas build there are out of the reach of dutch law but in range of dutch tv tuners . 
  you make a valid point . 
  and on top of this , you totally had our back during the dutch war of independence where we fought the spanish empire . 
  ( we did went to war 4 years later over nutmeg related dispute ), 
  true . 
  but we also had like 4-5 anglo-dutch wars . 
  but , militarily speaking , the uk and the netherlands are best buds now . 
  i 'm no legal expert but i believe it 's who ever fires the first shot get screws . 
  but if you really want war , spain an the uk should go to nato and jointly ask for permission to play with their war ships . 
  i 'm sure the rest of nato would be like ; `` they both agreed to it , let them settle it . 
  ow . . and uk . . no nukes ! '', 
  yes sometimes they do . 
  and they are not only crossing territorial waters , they are passing inland water . 
  you know why we let them do that ? 
  because it 's belgium !, 
  our ally for a long time . 
  i 'm pretty sure we would let uk warships pass trough our water if you guys feel the need to do so . 
  you are also our ally , a unit of our special forces ( nlmarsof squad c ) is part of the [ uk special boat service . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/netherlands_marine_corps#united_kingdom.2fnetherlands_amphibious_force_.28uk.2fnl_af.29 ) if we trust the royal navy to command our troops we sure as hell are going to trust that gunship not to fire on our coast while it sails trough our waters . 
  you do realise nato exists , right ? 
  the second the uk pulls a stunt like that all other nato countries are legally bound to declare war against the uk . 
  ( assuming the uk throws the first punch ), 
  i wonder how the royal navy got their ships to gibraltar . 
  [ cause they need to pass spanish water at some point . 
  ] ( http://www.gibnet.com/fish/waters.gif ) or did they sail around the cape and back up trough the sues ? 
  more likely is that spain and the uk have an informal agreement that they can cross each others waters without making a fuzz about it . 
  it 's not like they are enemy 's , they are both nato members after all . 
  just like how the netherlands does n't make a fuzz when belgian ships sail into the port of antwerp . 
  extend is across the straight of gibraltar and from dover all the way to france . 
  put up some floating toll booths and rake in the profits . 
  [ could be it was just passing though what it considers spanish water . 
  like it has done countless times in the past . 
  ] ( https://i0.wp.com/www.fdbetancor.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/waters.png ), 
  [ you do realise spain 's and the uk 's definition of territorial waters do n't match up ] ( https://i0.wp.com/www.fdbetancor.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/waters.png ) . 
  the ship was probably sailing the same route it has sailed a hundred times before . 
  always getting told to get out of uk water once it passes gibraltar and always responding with ; `` your water ? 
  i thought it was ours . 
  anyway , i 'm just passing trough . '', 
  it 's just that the whole leaving the eu thing makes it profitable for media to report on it . 
  the article even states it happened 7 times already in 2017 but did you hear about those ? 
  tilde ? 
  i always thought it was called the `` quake console '' key, 
  damm , progress moves fast .
