  i was amazed at how big it was . 
  i 'm pretty sure [ the car my dad drives ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-x0c8vnolpkm/vzt-mcxcvhi/aaaaaaaay5a/zim8xb-zfn8/s1600/opel-adam-rocks-s-9.jpg ) would fit in the back of it . 
   but i live in europe that means you are european , welcome to the club . 
  it works , 
  we do n't have any mines . 
  thank you for this explanation . 
   2.2 ) racism or other bigotry etc. , ** offensive content ** , hate speech , genocide denial , and endorsement of violence will not be tolerated . 
  define offensive content . 
  i do n't feel like europe is experiencing an unusual increase in terror attack frequency . 
  it 's just that now more attacks are religiously motivated ( al-qaeda , isis ) instead of separatist/nationalist motivated ( ira , eta ) attacks . 
  i know but i think the guy above me was revering to this . 
   these sentiments are all present in all parties left from the cdu ( fdp , spd , greens , left ) gay marriage also gains traction inside the cdu , ** less so legal weed . 
  ** please do n't legalise it . 
  your drug tourism is a vital part of our economy . 
   snooker love watching that !, 
  i have no idea how the game works but the soothing voice of the british commentator makes it so relaxing . 
  the zuiderzee ( south sea ) . 
  we closed off that sucker and turned it into a fresh water lake . 
  so not only was i wrong in thinking he was an animal rights activist . 
  i was also wrong in thinking his murder was motivated by environmental activism . 
  just to clear things up ... pim was shot by an animal-rights activist . 
  his anti immigration view points had nothing to do with him being shot . 
   i ca n't see the list , sorry !, 
  that 's because i forgot to link it ... [ it 's here ] ( http://www.mijnwoordenboek.nl/werkwoord/verbeteren )  also , do you know any online resources for dutch grammar ? 
  cambiumned a decent amount of free info and practice quizes . 
  [ here is one where you can practice word order ] ( http://www.cambiumned.nl/oefeningen/oefening-woordvolgorde ) if that does n't work i for you i could ask my parents ( they are teachers ) for some more resources . 
  story time !, 
  i had this friend that i spoke dutch with . 
  when she was over for dinner at my parents house , she noticed that me and my mom spoke frysk . 
  she commented on how she never knew i spoke frysk . 
  we continued the dinner with both of us talking frysk to my mom and dutch to each other . 
  a few months later i was invited for dinner at her parents house . 
  when i knocked on the door her mother opened , she was still in the shower so there was some small talk between her mom and me . 
  that small talk was in dutch because i introduced myself in dutch when she opened the door . 
  during the dinner i spoke dutch to my friend and her mom and my friend spoke frysk to her mother . 
  a couple of weeks we got shitfaced on cheap wine and she suggested we should switch to speaking frysk . 
  she argued that it would prevent those awkward bilingual diners and that we should do our part in promoting the the culture of frysl\u00e2n . 
  we stuck `` praat mar frysk '' stickers to our fore-heads for the rest of the night to help us remember . 
  it was incredibly awkward at first and i had a lot of trouble remembering we spoke frysk now when i had not spoken to her in a few days . 
  it took about a month for it to feel natural . 
  it did jack shit in preventing bilingual dinner awkwardness . 
  because now , when at her parents place eating dinner , everybody ( she , me , her sister , her mom and her dad ) was speaking frysk to each other except when i was talking to her mother ( we still spoke dutch because that what we spoke when i fist met her )  my girlfriend also speaks frysk , but we speak dutch with eachother if you and your gf were to have kids ... do you plan on one of you speaking frysk to them ? 
  you know to keep the language alive . 
  that 's what i plan on doing , i 'm gon na speak frysk to my kids even if i do n't raise them inside of frysl\u00e2n . 
   sometimes you end up switching languages halfway through sentences yup !, 
  i did that all the time growing up . 
  when i did not clean my room / was late for dinner / got in trouble at school , i would start coming up with excuses when my parents confronted me . 
  i would often start the excuse in frysk ( my mom was more forgiving then my dad ) . 
  if halfway trough the excuse i noticed my mom was n't buying it , i would immediately switch to dutch and in the hopes my dad would go easy on me if i spoke his language . 
  it never worked . 
  ( sorry ) and incorrect verb conjugation . 
  `` ik '' is singular so you do n't need the - en . 
  to add to this ... do n't focus on steering to correct your balance , try focusing on shifting your weight instead . 
  people who are learning often over-correct and this leads them to wobble out of control . 
  it can mean 2 things . 
  1 . zooi as a lose word means ' a huge quantity ' . 
  the word functions similar to the word `` heleboel '' . 
  it 's often proceed by the word `` hele '' . 
  ( eng : that house has a butt load of bicycles in front of it , a bike thief probably lives there . ), 
  - zooi combined with a profanity of your choice or the word `` rot '' means ' a disorderly collection of things ' , ' a pile of garbage ' or ` something that is poor in quality ' . 
  ( eng : i left my phone on the train , fuck my life ! ), 
  using rotzooi in this context sounds weird to dutch people . 
  rotzooi is the the most formal of the zooi family . 
  if your mom tell you your room is a mess and that you should clean it , she would say :  ruim die rotzooi in je kamer op ( eng : clean that mess in your room ) other - zooi combos include : * klerezooi * teringzooi * pokkezooi * tyfuszooi * klotezooi feel free to pm me with any additional questions you might have regarding proper use of dutch slang/profanities , word order or grammar . 
   so did i !, 
  dropped out in 4e klas at aldlan though . . small world indeed !, 
  i went to the same school for 2 years . 
  they re-branded the school a few years ago . 
  mostly with my dad :( growing up i spoke dutch with my father and frysk with my mother . 
  this resulted in me speaking dutch without noticeable frysk accent . 
  so when i would meet new people , most of them just assume i only speak dutch . 
  then after a few weeks of speaking dutch with that person he/she/i find ( s ) out that we both speak frysk . 
  but it 's to late to switch languages now . 
  if you start speaking frysk to each other now it feels awkward and forced . 
   where did you go to school ? 
  i went to multiple `` piter jelles '' schools in leeuwarden . 
   i wish i had paid a bit more attention as my writing is terrible . 
  same over here . 
  passed the exam with a 5,6 or something like that . 
  i always mess up the ` ^ ` and ` ' ` stuff . 
  but when do you ever get to write frysk ? 
  maybe writing a letter to the omrop or submitting a submitting a story to the `` gehoord & gezien '' section of the leeuwarder courant . 
  i ca n't remember ever needing to write frysk outside of frysk class . 
  when i text/app a friend a speak frysk with i usually just type it in dutch . 
  ( though that kinda weird because some of my friends answer back in frysk and that makes me feel like i 'm personally responsible for the decline of our culture ), 
  i suck at language . 
  i swapped my second foreign language out for maatschapijleer-2 ( i got a crap-ton of free credits because i had a seat in the `` jongeren advies raad '' of my local government ) the first foreign language i swapped out for frysk . 
  i 'm raised speaking that language and it has very basic grammar rules ( compared to german or french ), 
  just rent a ov-fiets or one of those bikes the tourists always ride on . 
  learning how to ride a bike can be done in weekend . 
  having a friend help you stabilise and catch you when you fall over is a plus . 
  if you do n't have friends to catch you , just practice on grass ( grass as in the stuff that grows on the ground in parks . 
  not the stuff you buy at the coffeeshop ) . 
  while the use of `` kut '' is technically correct , it might be interpreted as a way of grabbing the attention of your speaking partner . 
  ( kinda like how someone from australia would use `` cunt '' at the end of a sentence ) if you want to put emphasis on the overall kut-ness of your situation a better choice of words would be `` kutzooi '' for example :  hey kut !, 
  ( eng : hello friend !, 
  would you like join me in setting that house on fire ? ), 
  ( eng : my house was burned to a crisp , the whole situation is quite unpleasant ), 
  it 's 22:35 over here so it 's dark outside . 
  i 'll take the picture tomorrow and send it to you via pm .
