  rotterdam ( a city ~ 75 km south of amsterdam ) is home to the boijmans van beuningen museum , [ it has a couple of his less famous works ] ( http://collectie.boijmans.nl/en/maker/3077/jheronimus-bosch ) . 
  in the 1500 's philip ii of spain got a bit greedy and took allot of bosch 's work back to spain , so madrid will be your best bet if you want to see his best work . 
  is he planning to annex belgium ? 
  because if he is , the dutch would most likely stay neutral in that one . 
  [ put some more effort into it . 
  trolling is an art , not something you can just pick up and be good at without years of proper training and practice . 
  ] ( http://funnypictures2.fjcdn.com/thumbnails/comments/5822299+_74dc44544c42e76931011c059a39df6a.jpg ), 
  looks like it would be very windy there . 
  if you buy your greens in a different city in the netherlands outside of amsterdam you will also get more bang for your buck . 
  if this was europa universalis this would totally grant you casus belli, 
  i need to rewatch that cgp gray video on the uk again . 
  i agree turkey should be able to keep people who are in a active trail inside the country , but keeping them without reason is a gutsy move . 
  i mean the netherlands is pretty laidback . 
  if you try that shit on a person with a us passport you can bet your ass the us would cram a couple of seals in a blackhawk and airlift them out . 
  yeah it suck . 
  i understand the eu and putin are n't the best of buds . 
  but europeans like looking at historic buildings and russian hotel owners always love a little extra business . 
  the dutch have visa free travel for kazakhstan and even a visa on arrival policy with iran , why not russia ? 
   one of the centres of the german jewellery and watch making trade and is therefore likely to have become of considerable importance to the production of precision instruments [ of use in the war effort ] . '', 
  an allied report issued in august 1944 stated that `` almost every house in this town centre is a small workshop '' and that there were a few larger factories in the south and one in the north of the city centre . 
  an attack on the city would destroy the `` built-up area , the associated industries and rail facilities '' . 
  there were no war-crucial targets ; only war-relevant ones . 
  kinda a crap reason for bombing the crap out of a city . 
  uhh ? 
  but does n't they mean they also have a dutch passport . 
  ca n't they just go to the embassy and ask the embassy to get them out of there . 
  or has turkey pressed criminal charges ? 
  last time i checked holding dutch national hostage in your county was a big no no when we are talking about international law . 
  it 's like epidaurus but with a nicer view . 
  thanks for the tl ; dr, 
   leaverpool catchy name, 
  yup . 
  taste some of our magic truffles , wait 45min and stare at a van gogh . 
  after a few seconds you would swear it was an animated . gif instead of a static painting . 
  ughhh ... why must the eu always be so confusing . 
  do you know how many kg worth of bombs were dropped on belgrade . 
  i do n't know about `` most frequently bombed '' . 
  but if we are talking about % of the city destroyed by bombing . 
  then industrial centers like rotterdam an the ruhr region are high on the list . 
  dresden , berlin and warsaw also saw some intense bombings . 
  ~ 84 % of warsaw was reduces to rubble during the war . 
  moscow is on my bucket list . 
  the museums and architecture over there are top notch . 
  man i did not know stuff like this was going down in s.a. 
  i should do some reading up current on s.a. politics . 
  ukraine might not be the richest nation on the continent , but that does n't mean there are no ukrainians rich people . 
  i live in a wealthy country , but no way in hell i could afford a hotel in monaco or even a hotel within walking distance of the eiffel tower . 
  i do n't see a problem with this . 
  ukrainian tourists are usually very well behaved and friendly . 
  i have never met someone from ukraine irl that i could not get along with . 
  ukraine might not ( in general ) be as pro lgbt as the dutch tend to be . 
  but i highly doubt it that a tourist from ukraine would beat up a gay couple holding hands while visiting amsterdam . 
  a couple of oblasts in the east of ukraine look like what you could consider `` a destroyed country '' , but kiev looks just as nice as it did before the euromaidan started . 
  i think people from luhansk would flee to the regions west of kiev before they would consider fleeing to different country . 
  if it 's schengen it would also include non eu nations like switzerland and norway . 
  i think it 's only the eu-28 minus the uk and ireland . 
  ( i wonder if the `` no uk '' rule also includes no visa free travel to gibraltar . ), 
  true . 
  last time i checked even moscow was in europe . 
  i ca n't wait to welcome ukrainian drug tourists . 
  ( or you could visit our museums an look at couple of rembrandt 's or van gogh 's , but we all know main reason tourism in amsterdam is booming ;p ), 
  carrying 2 bags of groceries form the market up to your house at the top of the hill for 60 + years is a great way to build muscle tone . 
  kinda weird they implemented that policy then . 
  yeah . 
  and turkey is a popular travel destination for russian tourists . 
  and ( without diving into recent geopolitical developments ) no one can deny that the amount of eu tourists spending their summer on the turkish coast this year will be lower than last year . 
  trying to increase the influx of russian tourists makes allot of sense from an economic view point . 
  and from a defense stand point ... 
  i 'm glad a nato member is improving it 's relations with russia . 
  do you get allot of russian tourists in s.a. ? 
  the town orange is why the dutch all wear orange during football matches . 
  ( not the citrus fruit . 
  you know , the one some turks started stabbing because they were mad at us a few weeks back . ), 
  i 've been there . 
  the acoustics are amazing !, 
  in the center there is a little stone . 
  my mun sat on the top of stands and when i dropped a 5 cent coin on the stone she could hear it fall . 
  those ancient greeks new their stuff . 
  ahh , i see . 
  like for when you are a uni and want to have 50 of them to give away in your library . 
  thanks for clearing that up . 
  [ max planck institute app is also available in english ] ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.pressmatrix.maxplanckresearch&amp;hl=en ), 
  though it could be i 'm misinterpreting it . 
  it could be that there are some shipping fees for subscribers outside continental europe . 
  ( like french guiana , or the dutch caribbeans ), 
  i saw this pic pop up a while ago and the first thing i thought was ; `` how nice , i did not know those two had a thing going on . '', 
  it was only later that i realised it was a solidarity gesture . 
  fair point ... 
  yeah that 's like reason # 36 why i wo n't be visiting the us anytime soon . 
  if you want to see my social media stuff go get a court order . 
  when you sign up for reddit there is a big bold text in the eula that says never ever to give your password to someone else . 
  [ reconstruction on how it went down ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jb_svj7tz3c ), 
  nice !, 
  though keep in mind that only the first paper copy is free . 
  thanks for explaining that so clearly . 
  while i ca n't see a clear benefit in a system like that ( you would also need a crap ton of patches in the code of cash registers , parking ticket dispensers and the likes ) , i do see the nostalgia appeal . 
  never realised the uk had a system like that only a short while ago . 
  i can not imagine what it would be like to live in a country that has hills . 
  my legs would cramp up after walking up that street 6 times . 
  you guys must have calf 's the size of tree trunks .
