  so , the only way forward was to not accept them in greece ; politics as usual . 
  ( and i really believe their physical safety would be in danger ), 
  because those 160 office erst would be lynched , seen as the vanguard of the german buyout of greece . 
  ( mind you , am not of that opinion , but have it heard by a lot of people ), 
   can we not try ruin it without seeing the details ? 
  could you point me to the official text ? 
  oh , absolutely . 
  if you do n't fix what brought you to that place , will your trajectory change ? 
  sometimes i think that if greece had actually defaulted in 2010 the usual parties would still be in government and no practical change would have happened . 
  still , a ) you can get credit surprisingly early after a sovereign default , b ) the last 5 years have been similar to getting a wax millimeter by millimeter : painful , impractical , and ultimately fear causing more damage than doing it properly . 
  unless i do n't read the data right , argentina defaulted in 2002 and got back in the markets in 2005 selling bonds at 6 % -7 % . 
  do not overestimate institutional long-term memory . 
  / facepalm , yep - too long without coffee ... 
  based on worse expected gdp with a ( lot ) smaller debt % . 
  it would not have been an easy ride by far , and i think we would have shortages on everything , but not famine . 
  but as the saying goes , if my grandm\u03bfther had balls , she 'd be a grandmother . 
  what 's funny is that if the default happened when getting the first bailout , as the imf wanted and insists on before getting involved , we all would be singing a different tune . 
   considering how long it took other countries that have defaulted to get back on their feet `` one '' or `` three '' years seems very optimistic . 
  maybe ; i do n't believe that we would be back on our feet within three years , but that we would have worse gdp with better long-term prospects , given that a default at that time would have erased much more of the debt ( as the loans were made under greek jurisdiction and laws ) . 
   i do n't think there was a economical and political viable solution five years ago as there is none today . 
  on that we agree ; we seem to be heading to a very messy sudden-death default , as the political players have painted themselves into their respective owners , the ecb ca n't do squat ( by design ) , and the imf just wants to get out . 
  it 's too late to default . 
  we should have defaulted in 2010 ; it would have been worse initially , but we would have lost a year or three instead of six . 
  afaik most of the subsidies have lapsed , as we are no longer categorized as an agricultural exporter ( exact wording escapes me right now ) . 
  this is also a catch-22 , as without the subsidies we can no longer compete with f.e. 
  netherlands ... 
  well , during the renaissance that was the case ( source : every damn painting ) . 
  not to mention that the legal and political environment is actively toxic to investment - f.e. 
  on january 1st , 2015 , you did not know what tax legislation would apply to you for the 2014 income statements . 
  interesting . 
  nope , but the ld50 is ~ 5 liters . 
  so , coffee and alcohol are now banned ... 
  but ... who would ever want them ... 
  not necessarily . 
  there a lot of tech companies in berlin that have english as their official communication language , at least internally . 
  so , business as usual . 
  i would not call it `` living '' ; more like surviving . 
  could you please expand your reasoning ? 
  it 's not very clear to what you 're referring . 
   well , the secret is that athens reverted to the tried and tested route of cutting back on spending , and squeezing as much taxation out as possible . 
  not cutting back on spending ; cutting back on paying greek people and corps . 
  internal default . 
  not only that , i 'm seeing that the actual plastic money that exists in germany is specifically designed to prevent imports by the masses . 
  banks will give you an ec card , which is a kind of debit card that ca n't be used outside of germany and is only partially supported online by german merchants . 
  it 's relatively hard to get credit ( ikea even introduced its own proprietary ( not exactly credit - ) card so that you could buy their stuff ) , and from what i 've seen most people live frugally . 
  the only imports are foodstuff ... 
  yeah , but greece for some reason ended up with the defective ones ... 
  if you have 2 countries a and b with the same currency , and there are persistent flows from b to a ( e.g. 
  b -  a  a -  b , a is exporting more and b is importing more ) , b will need to get more currency units from somewhere ( let 's assume that you it 's gold and you ca n't create it out of thin air ) . 
  where will b find the gold for these extra flows ? 
  of course , but others are free to respond as they see fit . 
  see where that led greece ... ;-d, 
  absolutely . 
  this applies to all countries , greece included - especially when syriza is an agglomeration of separate parties . 
  not to mention that anyone will be seen as more reasonable than him . 
   i 'm not up to date on what 's happening in greece . 
  however the greek austerity is pretty much a joke currently . 
  more like a black comedy . 
  ( \u03bf\u03c1 theatre of the absurd , take your pick ) . 
   an early bankruptcy for greece would have been disastrous for the union why ? 
  my understanding is that these would happen : * banks would take a hit * follow-on effects due to derivatives * loss of confidence in markets a greek default was estimated to cost a trillion or two in 2010 ; in hindsight revised estimations ( made in 2013 ? 
  for a default in 2014 ) reduced that substantially . 
   it 's not the ecb that hired back redundant state workers that has n't happened yet , and it looks like it wo n't happen , ever . 
  ( source : am a state worker ) . 
   state workers on high salaries hah , joke 's on you - only the lowest-paid workers were fired . 
  ( why ? 
  because the highest-paid ones got there by holding the country hostage in the past - power company , i 'm looking at you ) . 
  personally , i think greece should have gone bankrupt in 2010 . 
  the whole `` contagion '' spiel was just used by banks to justify the transfer of potential losses to eu states ( privatising profits , socializing losses etc ) . 
  would that been hard to greece ? 
  extremely - in the short term . 
  greece has other large problems : the state is extremely investment-phobic , and you 're a tax evader until proven otherwise - and it 's impossible to prove a negative . 
  nah , the ussr did that all the time . 
  actually , i think that now is a very good point in time to get the infrastructure started ; everybody else put their own expansions on hold , so the construction companies are hurting . 
  well , the way it ends looks to me like a dog whistle . 
  primary surplus is the surplus you get * before * interest payments . 
  dude , [ overton window ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/overton_window ) . 
  they 're about as center as 80 's pasok . 
  of course not . 
  that would humanize them . 
  ah , sorry - it seems that we agree , it 's just that my sarcasm detector malfunctioned on your original comment ... 
  that 's because germany is an export - driven economy , the current mess with greece keeping the euro low does help them . 
  did n't you know ? 
  the political continuum is a circle ... 
  that is ... bloody idiotic . 
  no way it 's going to backfire . 
  nope . 
  no siree . 
  ah yes , but the patriots are net income , the troops are net expense ... 
  greece is already bankrupt - it has been since 2010 . 
  the whole rigamarole is based on extend-and-pretend . 
  more than that , i feel that the money cycle has been split into two : the large corporations cycle money mostly between them , especially financial / investment firms . 
  then there 's the rest of the economy : persons , small firms , retail - while this is still the majority of the economy , the ratio is slowly but surely shrinking due to qe which is primarily absorbed by the first group - and then stays there . 
  most everything is ; however i 'm sure there are terms and conditions attached . 
  the fantasy is that qe funds will be repaid . 
  greece is ? 
  link ? 
  nonono , it 's an assisted selfie . 
  in greece it 's mpatsos ( \u03bc\u03c0\u03ac\u03c4\u03c3\u03bf\u03c2 ) , literally translating to ` slapper ' . 
  in case of germany , you 'd be surprised .
