  now , unfortunately , there are no transcripts or minutes , so it 's a he-said-she-said game . 
  but i do know he did say to them from teh beginnig that greece would not be able to pay its debts if greece was kept on the same trajectory . 
  to be honest , i would expect finance ministers to at least have done some background reading on the area they 're responsible for . 
  could you imagine a health minister wanting to supply all hospitals with homeopathic treatments ? 
  well , there was talks about `` character assasination '' [ as early as mid-march ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/18/eurozone-greece-varoufakis-idusl6n0wj4ku20150318 ) . 
  i do think that he likes the media spotlight a bit too much , but i feel that his true sin is that he dared to speak truth to power . 
  everyone will give up sovereignity ; the problem is that the taxed populations would no longer have a say in the process ; read what / u/jaydoors quoted again . 
  ( hint : disciplinary = = authoritarian ) taxation without representation ... ring a bell ? 
  besides that i do n't think that germany can or will pass up the chance to use its newfound political power to mould the new `` union '' to its own benefits . 
  the us government has plans to literally nuke every capital city on earth . 
  it 's idiotic to think that they wrote those plans this because they desired the outcomes - a government needs to have plans for every contigency . 
  this is what i do n't understand about people - there are no unthinkable scenarios . 
  if you do not think about them , your enemies will , thus they will have a wider area to maneuver in ; case in point : the last 6 months . 
  that 's what contigency plans are - you need to find out what to do even in dire circumstances , ahead of time ; you need to have an estimate of the costs involved . 
   it 's evident varoufakis is not cut out to be a politician why do you think that is ? 
  ( me , i think that he ca n't keep his mouth shut when he gets bullshitted ) . 
  looks like accumulated errors , alond with the fact that the coastline near thessaloniki has changed over the last 500 years ( incoming soil via 3 rivers converging to a single delta ) . 
   companies profits have plummeted case in point : a lot of automakers now live off of their high-end / luxury lines , because the newer generation does not have the income to buy a car ... 
  i wonder if sales would still be depressed if wages were n't 300 $ / mo. 
  the beachfront promenade of thessaloniki , greece has been rebuilt about 4 times in 10 years ... 
  the current mayor actually forced the current company to build it to spec , there was a big stink about corruption with the last mayor , but it 's finally done now . 
  have you seen the ecdl ? 
  interestingly , `` moral hazard '' was originally coined for the lenders , who had more power in the creditor-debtor relationship , and could control its terms . 
   prime minister tsipras negotiated $ 80bn assistance for his country , successfully . 
  when we discuss facts , deeds and numbers , this is the only number on the table : $ 80bn for greek assistance , and quite soft conditions , in fact . 
  not only [ soft ] financial conditions , but political conditions -- in fact , without collateral . 
  come on . 
  what is the reason to claim it 's something humiliating for greece , or this is punishment for tsipras ? 
  there is explicit collateral specified in the treaty , isnt ' t it ? 
  ah , but without germany insisting on a stiff ecb , i 'd see the rules start to relaxing , and the ecb becoming a proper central bank ; how that will in the long-term affect price stability and inflation is debatable . 
  only if you 're doing maintenance religiously . 
  that was part of the `` success story '' media push , and only happened due to the implicit backing of the ecb , along with some veiled threats from same . 
  my understanding is that both ecb and imf are limited by their bylaws on that matter . 
  i do n't know , bread is much cheaper in greece than f.e. 
  germany because greeks prefer it much less dense than germans , so it works out a loaf of bread costs about 60-70 cents , and weighs about 350-400 gramms . 
  one problem with civil services is that the reason they are inflexible and inefficient is because they are built arount the concept that the citizen will try to defraud the state and service ; thus the citizen will need to prove his claims again and again on each interaction . 
  i 've recently emigrated to germany , and while i see about the same level of employee efficiency , the rules and regulations i 've come in contact with are very lightweight because they do n't automatically consider the citizen guilty - which probably means that there 's a lot of undetected fraud from all the immigrants , but the rising tide of german gdp sweep that under the rug . 
   but liberalizing the market will certainly help afaik , in greece the price of bread is capped , so liberalizing will certainly drive the price of bread up . 
  sch\u00e4uble would , merkel probably would n't . 
  a lot of times paper-thin excuses/arguments are made on what was actually said vs what was meant , with the argument being that they were misunderstood [ 0 ] . 
  ( [ 0 ] : see f.e. 
  varoufakis , but i 'm of the opinion that he just speaks too fast without a filter ; wether that 's better or worse than willingly misleading others i leave up to you ), 
  this deal is like the goldman sachs deal ; it makes the short term better , but in the long term it will fuck up greece badly . 
   cheap political points are there any others ? 
   when trust is rebuilt some people will say that that means `` when you 'll do as we say '' . 
  that 's not free money ; it 's a loan , to be repaid with interest . 
  agreed - but as greece has now the credit rating and repayment capabilities of a homeless junkie ( paraphrasing the imf ) , why is the troika pushing another 80 + billions of debt onto greece ? 
  you do realize they know they will not get all the money back ( hence the 50 bil of collateral from greece ) , but they still push them ... 
   the largest , i believe around 40-50 % of the eu budget . 
  the total for greece 2011-2015 is expected to be about 4 billion ( approx 1geur/year ) . 
  edit : wikipedia article claims 42 % , but i ca n't find a detailed breakdown ... 
   they could export food into the eurozone sadly , that is not possible without agricultural subsidies , and ( i think ) greece has been classified as a non-agricultural country , so no subsidies . 
  you might be interested in reading the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/melian_dialogue s. 
   why then call the referendum in the first place ? 
  and why do everything within their power to support a no vote ? 
  because then they could wash their hands of responsibility and say `` the greek people have spoken , and as much as we regret it , we need to abide '' . 
  syriza has for too long been a media-driven non-government party . 
  please be aware that the troika has steadfastly refused to allow corruption and tax-related reforms from proceeding :  the most frustrating part is that these negotiations are taking up all our energy and time . 
  and moreover : the institutions are telling us , if we legislate before we reached a comprehensive agreement this will be seen as a unilateral action and it will blow up the negotiations . 
  one of the very first things i said to my eurogroup colleagues was , why do n't we push some of the legislation we agree on -- the taxation system , the anti-corruption rules -- through parliament and meanwhile continue the negotiations ? 
  and i was actually told a number of times if i dare to suggest this again this would constitute reason to settle the negotiations . 
  why this happened can be debated , but it does have left the current government with an image of ... let 's say tardiness . 
  also , afaik the negotiations so far have n't been about funding for the government ( it has n't received funds from the troika since august 2014 ) . 
  so , politics as usual , and being overruled by the pm ? 
  greece did not have anything but an grexit to bargain with . 
  everyone realized that the current government would never go for grexit , leaving greece without any bargaining power . 
  the other players would just have to stall , and greece would fold completely - exactly as happened . 
  you do n't necessarily prepare plans to execute them . 
  the polls tomorrow will un all probability favor great in greece ... 
  same thing happens in greece ; we either call it corruption or politics as usual , depending on how charitable one wants to be . 
  btw , i 'm not calling sch\u00e4uble corrupt , i do n't believe that he personally has something to gain from the greek asset fund ; still , caesar 's wife must be above suspicion - i 'd far prefer the fund to be in f.e. 
  france 's control . 
  why do you thing that your country * is n't * run from brussels right now ? 
  afaik , even in you 're a one-party-state ( see hungary ) , if you 're toeing the party line noone 's going to bat an eye ... 
  same thing happens in greece ; we either call it corruption or politics as usual , depending on how charitable one wants to be . 
  btw , i 'm not calling sch\u00e4uble corrupt , i do n't believe that he personally has something to gain from the greek asset fund ; still , caesar 's wife must be above suspicion . 
  actually , as the debt contracts are under english law , greece can not unilaterally change the currency to drachma . 
  this means that short-term the debt will be not serviced , as euros will be in short supply ; long-term repayment will become way harder , as it will become more expensive . 
  intriguing . 
  is that the impression you got after reading the text ? 
  the charitable interpretation was that if greece would implement these reforms , the troika would have less leverage for the reforms * they * wanted greece to perform . 
  the less charitable interpretation is that the troika needed to present the leftist greek govenment as stalling and incompetent . 
  crap , you 're right . 
  it 's about 2 billion , if i read the numbers right ... 
  uh ... we had the default , and we have the downsides too ... 
  holland gets a shut load of agricultural subsidies , greece ... not so much . 
  some of the following might be incorrect ( not enough coffee atm ) , please feel free to correct me :  everything should be on the table . 
  they should be willing to cut military spending drastically , or give up equipment and forces to an eu force . 
  that wo n't fly with the eu , as in a previous act greece proposed cutting into military expenditures and the eurogroup members insisted that only payroll & headcount should be decreased , but not expenditures for hardware acquisistion ( they would lose out on 400 million of exports ... )  is n't there a crisis in the mediterranean with need for what amounts to coast guard ? 
  greeks have a decent navy i think . 
  if you mean lend it ( ships & personell ) , sure , as long as somebody picks up the operations bill . 
  sell it ? 
  no chance , turkey is exporting internal problems again . 
   they should be willing to give natural gas exploitation rights in the aegean sea to european corporations . 
  if they do that now the prices will be very unfair , as everybody knows that greece desperately needs that cash ...  they should go after tax evaders and this effort should be given european assistance ( even involving intelligence sharing ) . 
  varoufakis himself has stated that he wanted to go ahead but was blocked by the troika ; which is n't unsurprising , as improved tax income would allow greece more leeway in the negotiations . 
   basically now that greece has said ` no , ' it should be willing to concede everything except the notion that the debt is currently not serviceable . 
  that 's exactly the opposite of what the no stands for : we 've had enough extractionary austerity , it 's not working , we must switch to growth . 
   i would also like to see the eu help the greeks do things like instead of selling olives to italy maybe make more of their own olive oil and get more exports . 
  never .
