  that would mean granting to greece the status of agriculturally exporting country , which would mean agricultural subsidies , which would mean competition for the other farming countries in europe ... 
  hah , in sofia you have 10 % better local purchasing power : http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_cities.jsp?country1=greece&amp;city1=athens&amp;country2=bulgaria&amp;city2=sofia, 
  not drachma ( there was at one point in time a 22 % inflation rate ) . 
  but ious denominated in euros . 
  it 's simple , really : `` do you want to get 70 % of the money back , or do you want to get 10-30 % of it back '' ? 
  afaik * very * few greeks want the country to leave the eu . 
  there are some that want to leave the euro but stay in the eu , but they are even fewer . 
  if tsipras announced that greece would leave the euro , i believe his government would fall within the day . 
  if he announced that greece would leave the eu , he would not survive the end of his speech . 
  i believe that tsipras would even sign the last offer by the troika if they just added a definitive clause for debt relief after 3 years , if the targets ( f.e. 
  surplus ) are met . 
  given the mass media 's behaviour the last week , he could say that the sky is blue and get misquoted ... 
  dude , us greeks have an opinion on everything , whether well-researched or not . 
  ... is that an appeal to authority i hear ? 
  sorry , i have to disagree here . 
  * democracy has been established because you can have a change of leadership without having heads roll . 
  the powers that be like this , as having democracy prevents losing a ) capital and/or property b ) their heads during the process of regime change . 
  * education : this was because the powers that be saw that with industrialization they needed more educated people to handle f.e. 
  accounting and paper pushing , these tasks needed knowledge of reading , writing and some math , and so far only the privileged had access to the latter . 
  free public education tracks nicely with industrialization . 
  * women 's equality with men was partially driven by the need to enlarge the working force ; allowing women to enter it in the 50s to 80s was synergistic with their empowernment . 
  * slavery : i ca n't find a reference now to it , so take this with as much salt as you can handle , but the adjusted per-capita cost of a slave was higher than the current cost of an unskilled employee ... 
  i think you may be a tad over the top ; i could equally argue that no means `` dudes , your numbers do n't add up '' and yes means `` let me bend over '' ... 
  up until now , the ecb has been extending ela under the premise that greece and banks were under a programme to manage , thus nominally liquid . 
  that ends on june 30th , and the ecb can no longer pretend that the banks are liquid , so no more ela ... 
  problem is that the `` pension cuts '' in all the recent proposals will affect to a disproportionate effect the low end of the total pension income ; you can cut 100 euros from a 1000 euro pension easier than from a 500 euro pension - the first is survivable , but the second will have people freezing to death in the winter ( and if you think that 500 euros should be enough to live on , it 's not uncommon for 100-200 euros of that to be used as support for their kids and grandkids ) . 
  oh , absolutely ( hell , just read the comments ) . 
  it 's still interesting , especially when the commentary is missing . 
  zerohedge has some very interesting commentary via the asia market opening . 
  greece has had universities as youth employment buffers - you ca n't be unemployed if you 're studying - for more than 20 years . 
  it 's not uncommon to have a phd in math be your waiter . 
  a lot of my friends have left the country to find employment elsewhere , but a lot of them are still there an unable to leave . 
  there will be no shortage of educated people ... 
   new democracy did do something along those lines with the dissolution of ert say what you want about them , but that was not one of the times . 
  you can buy a filter that can make mineral water out of tap water . 
  well , you will need to refill it from time to time , but it 's better than lugging alll that water around ... 
  [ never let a serious crisis go to waste ] ( http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/quotes/r/rahmemanue409199.html ) . 
  this is exactly the point where you want to introduce this - do you think any government of an european country would give up sovereignity of taxation otherwise ? 
  oh no , the debt * in absolute terms * [ it is getting smaller now ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_government-debt_crisis#/media/file:greek_debt_and_eu_average_since_1977.png ) , but due to the fact that the economy and gdp have crashed , debt to gdp is now much higher . 
  read my last parenthesis . 
  i think that trust has been eroded to the level that the troika believes its path should be followed to the letter , as the greek side will use any leeway to mess it up . 
  to the greeks on the other hand , the troika is looking more and more as if it 's intending to get paid as soon as possible , human cost be damned . 
  i did work at the largest university in greece . 
  it has over 73.000 registered students , and it 's budget ( excluding payroll ) for 2013 was 45 million . 
  of those , 17 million were for contracts on security and cleaning services . 
  we certainly did not have a battalion of cleaning ladies spit-shining everything . 
   just implement it then ? 
  varoufakis has repeatedly stated that any legislation with `` financial impact '' that was not approved by the troika would be seen as an unilateral departure from the existing agreement , and would cause the troika to break of negotiations . 
  he has also said that on the items the greek government agrees with the troika ( tax evasion , tax collection f.e. 
  ) , he has been blocked from implementing them by the troika themselves , as they want a single agreement to exist . 
  ( my reading : it 's just another way for the troika to pressure the greek government , along with a side benefit of painting them as dragging their feet on reforms ) . 
   second after having laid out the process the conclusion should be clear : if greece wants to propose anything , let their technical team do that in the respective meetings while i 'm not certain that i have this right , my impression is that it 's usually the other way around ; the high-level officials agree on policy , and then the technical team actually write the 100s of pages that are required for the implementation , considering laws , precedent , treaties , procedures etc. 
  sounds about right , and i think it 's par for the course when decision come from on high ... 
   cost of living in greece is only 9 % lower than in romania arghm that happens when i try to write on reddit from work - that is greece is 9 % higher than romania ( sorry , that was idiotic from me ) . 
  source : [ numbeo ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_cities.jsp?country1=romania&amp;city1=bucharest&amp;country2=greece&amp;city2=athens ), 
  interstingly , cost of living in greece is only 9 % lower than in romania , even though the average wage is 700 euros . 
  also , it 's not so much about absolute numbers , but the fact that the average wage in greece fell by 37 % . 
   the evil troika already accepted a much lower primary deficit target and even conceeded to all sort of exceptional financing schemes . 
  please , let 's be adults . 
  i did : `` right now '' . 
  the troika is not evil , cackling in the dark - it just has different priorities . 
  syriza also has put a lot of water in his wine . 
   right now the only thing that stops any deal from happening is syriza 's government actually committing to objectively quantifiable reforms that have a realistic chance of enabling syzira 's government to meet the current primary surplus target . 
  the `` current primary surplus target '' is at 1 % , which _ right now _ seems a hit and miss affair ( [ source ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/06/11/us-eurozone-greece-finance-minister-iduskbn0or10020150611 ) ) . 
   in short , the only thing that stands in a way of a deal is syriza 's government declaring something like `` we are committing to a a % primary surplus , and we will accomplish that by increasing b in revenue by doing so and so , and cutting b in spending by doing so and so . '', 
  afaik , and i could be wrong , the latest numbers are that we 're at 75 % payroll and pensions , 25 % everything else . 
  the second part has been cut to the bone , and serious malfunctions to the greek state will occur if it goes any lower . 
  on the other hand , any decrease to payroll & pensions will cause a gdp drop with a multiplier  1 ( ignoring the humanitarian side ) , thus it 's self-defeating because it 's only growing the debt/gdp datio . 
  the greek government has sent a [ proposal ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/06/03/us-eurozone-greece-proposal-iduskbn0oj1o720150603 ) ( sorry , ca n't find the exact text right now ) , and so far they are standing by it . 
  ( also , why has the troika prevented syriza from legislating the reforms both sides agree on for the last 4 months ? ), 
  syriza has its clowns too , both in and out of the government ( and do n't get me started on the `` odious debt '' morons ) , and they do not help to rebuild trust between the two parties ; that 's why varoufakis is proposing to create an independent institution to monitor the budget , because in the past 5 years a lot of promises have been broken w.r.t. 
  that . 
  because right now , both sides have painted themselves into a corner , politically . 
  syriza can not admit to giving in , and the troika can not admit to a course change . 
  to be honest , that did raise my eyebrows a bit , if for no other reason that it will cost them internally . 
  this might also imply that anyone that could claim an early pension has done so , and that the point is now moot . 
  dude , us movies are a major export industry ( for the us ) . 
  i just emigrated from greece to germany ; i love the summer here , where you wo n't get boiled alive if you 're out for 15 ' . 
  germany right now has sub-inflation interest rates , meaning that banks are in essence paying the german state to keep their money . 
  this is in part due to most other countries seen as too risky . 
  with the amount of stupidity concentrated on such a small volume , side-effects are bound to affect the participants . 
  can not confirm . 
  brawls in greek parliament would be won by golden dawn ... 
  only those that still held greek debt after the first 230 billion . 
  mostof the banks that held such debt at at that time were greek banks , which were originally forced to buy it at the legal equivalent of gunpoint . 
  guess who needed cach infusions after that ? 
  the same banks . 
  oh , and the pensions , who had their money in accounts at these banks ( also mandated by law ) . 
  i was under the impression that a successor to merkel is n't yet visible ... 
  i recently moved to berlin from greece . 
  rarely have i seen someone work as hard as the equivalent position in greece , and that goes from management , to retail , customer service and even the tax office . 
   greek habit of dragging their feet when it comes to painful reforms yep , that 's us , some of the time . 
  however , varoufakis has said to the troika at one point ( paraphrasing ) `` during the negotiations we do agree on a large part of reforms that need to be implemented , and disagree on a smaller percentage of reforms that we think will be ineffective . 
  : et us legislate the ones we agree on , in a way that does not cost anything extra '' . 
  the answer was more or less `` if you legislate them , negotiations are over '' . 
  follow the money ( and the missing money ) . 
   in germany , though , merchants have prooven repeatedly to be crooks . 
  no , that 's the default state for retail - it 's the human condition . 
  new word of the day : monkeysphere ( no , really , it 's non an insult ) . 
  look , if it was anyone else ( french , norwegian or dutch tax advisors ) , it * might * be borderline acceptable ; german tax inspectors would be seen extremely hostile , and any government that would invite them to greece would fall within the week , because populists will paint them as kneeling to economic invaders ( no matter how absurd that is ) .
