  '' , only there 's no-one left to export * to * . 
   imagine if they actually did some privatization pray tell , what would be the benefits of privatizations a ) to the greek state and/or b ) to the greek citizens when then only buyers currently interested in buying up state infrastructure are looking just for a quick buck ? 
  afaik no-one is interested in them for the long haul . 
  which is why this is n't law , it 's a directive to member states , who will implement it in concordance with their own legal systems . 
  so , more or less what the greeks did ? 
  yup . 
  it 's a mandatory course for the 6 years of middle education , and lots of schools offer french of german as a 2nd foreign language . 
  it 's also an elective of most university departments . 
  of course , not everyone pays attention in class ... 
  greece already had a huge wave of emigration in the 60 's and 70 's , although mostly of unskilled workers . 
  enough of them came back in the late 90 's - early 00 's to be felt ( bay far the minority , tbh ) . 
  because germany does n't need more unskilled workers . 
  i work in a greek university , and most students are at least considering the idea of working abroad . 
  however , this report is about kastoria , which is a city in a mountainous region that has unusually ( for greece ) harsh winters . 
  it 's not a matter of cost ; gema will oppose any change to the status quo that does n't benefit them . 
  it 's been long past that point . 
  there 's a `` law of organizational change '' that i 'm currently too lazy to find the name of , which states that an organization 's focus will drift over time from the original goal ( whatever it was ) , to focus on ensuring the continued existence of the organization . 
  gema will oppose any change in the current status quo that does n't benefit them . 
  on most of the eu free speech does not include hate speech , for better or for worse ... 
  voters are certainly displeased , and elections were often enough that everyone was still remembering the last time a party fucked up . 
  the party members saw the writing on the wall and jumped ship ; give it a bit of a shine , an indignant speech about the direction the party is heading and you 're good as new . 
  not to mention that party members switching to a different party tend to drag their voters with them . 
  now he just needs to carefully choose which people he will form the government with ... 
   syriza is still a radical outlier after the exodus of the `` hardliners '' ( hah , yeah , sure ) , it 's now 70-80 % pasok ( both voter and party member composition ) . 
  the only thing radical left is in the name . 
  meh , that applies to most male friends in a bar ... 
  well , they tried the blues , the greens and now the washed-out-reds , and the shit is still rising ; time to try something else . 
  that is the corruption * perceptions * index . 
  this measures a completely different thing than actual corruption . 
  interestingly , the economic sanctions are hurting russia the most ... 
  i 've worked in the past in an engineering department of greek university , and the feeling among the students is that their options are to either emigrate , work on a completely different field from their degree , or continue up in the academic sector . 
  the existing engineers in greece are enough to prevent anyone else from working the field . 
  ah , pardon me , that 's why i 'm not working in hr : it 's not one position , it 's several - we also have js/fe , android and ios positions , but i do n't know details about them ( or salaries ) , so ca n't say . 
  in any case i 'm talking about different positions . 
  it 's above average for berlin , and above average for bavaria - not to mention that berlin has way better [ cost of living ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_cities.jsp?country1=germany&amp;country2=germany&amp;city1=berlin&amp;city2=munich ) . 
  no idea about switzerland tho . 
  really ? 
  i work at a large multinational in berlin and for the last 4 months we 've been looking for developers but ca n't find any good candidates . 
  yes , we 're paying above average salaries . 
  no , we do n't want 10 years of ruby on rails experience ( or 20 in java ) . 
  please re-read my post , and [ another reply ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3hg17e/numbers_of_refugee_arrivals_to_greece_increase/cu78kj3?context=2 ) . 
  i 've used `` the cynic in me '' to indicate that while i do n't agree with the following sentence , i can see why a cynical world-view can make it seem realistic . 
  oh , absolutely !, 
  i think they have a larger problem , given that they 're nearer and having an actual land border ... 
  the cynic in me looks at the refugee situation as if turkey was using refugees as human bullets , draining greece and eu of resources on a permanent basis . 
  keep in mind that you 're conflating refugee , illegal immigrant and economic migrant . 
  i 'm betting a large percentage of that number are university-educated economic migrants from within the eu ( i 'm one of them ) . 
  hell no . 
  i make 4x in berlin that what i make in greece , for 1.5 x the cost of living . 
  tell that to the russians , who are hurting far more from the economic sanctions that from the ukraine skirmishes ... 
  or just stop drinking alcohol , that is always an option ... 
   he also has to consider an offer his own electroate would accept ... maybe i 'm cynical , but i 've seen too many electorates gettign swayed by the media to presume that this ca n't be `` managed '' somehow . 
  very nice recap , thanks . 
  i was under the impression that the ecb had the option to increase ela for 2-3 days , but choose not to . 
  my understandng is that the capital controls started several days early ; the ecb received a bit of flak for that decision , as to some it appeared to be a political decision . 
  my impression is that had the ecb not done this right before the referendum , the yes vote would have won . 
  whether the ecb had that authority is something else entirely , but where there 's a will there 's a way . 
   greece can use this to justify not paying . 
  at the meantime the greek borrowjng costs go through the roof had this ever happened i think by that time greece would not be able to get credit on the market * at all * . 
  not even by vulture funds . 
  the mess would be a bit bigger at the beginning , and austerity would happen too , but it would not be external . 
  unfortunately , greece would then blame the eu for not helping ( yep , definitely ) . 
  i 'm talking about the 2010 actions , see the [ chronology ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_government-debt_crisis#chronology ) . 
  the 2012 50 % cut was affecting only those bondholders that were not covered by the 2010 bailouts , which at that time meant greek banks and pension institutions . 
  btw , the effective debt decrease was ~ 22 % because the last two groups needed to be bailed out and propped up , respectively . 
  if you remember , 2010 was all about `` contagion '' of the financial crisis and domino effects ... 
  the cypriot connection is correct ; iirc cyprus was buying greek bonds out of solidarity ; the irony ...  also a default \u2260 automatic debt writeoff . 
  writeoffs are voluntarily not automatic . 
  depends . 
  before the 2010 bailout , more than 80 % of greek debt was under greek law / jurisdiction , which under conditions may allow forced write-off . 
  true , if that happened greece would be out of the markets for at least 3 years , probably closer to 5 . 
  whether necessary reforms would have been made during that time is open to discussion , but personally i think it would have been healthier than the last 5 years . 
  but then again , i 'm the armchair economists ' armchair , what do i know . 
   that we 're somehow at fault for them being insolvent by giving them loans ( which really just prevented their insolvency until now ) . 
  actually , the best thing to have done ( imho ) was to let greece default back in 2010 . 
  a lot less money would be needed to prop up banks ( german , french , british , spanish ) , greece would have a harder shock [ 0 ] but better prospects long-term . 
  however the banks screamed bloody murder , claiming that that would kill the entire european financial system [ 1 ] so what happened was that papandreou was forced to resign by his own people , and the rest is history . 
  this has been a propaganda war from the beginning - public media is not enough to get to the gist of things ( the propaganda and fear-mongering in greece has turned a lot of people off of tv ) . 
  i feel that this is happening in part because politicians of both sides need to whitewash their decisions . 
  [ 0 ] i was a public employee of greece at that time , and yes , i was of the same opinion then . 
  [ 1 ] interestingly , the banks managed to get 100 % of their investments back ; you will have heard this as `` privatizing gains , socializing losses '' . 
   you also failed to mention that greece pays far less for its debt than any other nation covered by a bailout agreement true . 
   and that on top of that it already benefited from a 50 % debt cut . 
  [ that statement is not entirely accurate ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sebwzfkeit8 ) . 
  after the haircut bank recapitalizations and pension system support actions had to be implemented , lowering that number by some accounts to 20 % . 
  ( pensions by law had been forced to invest in government bonds ) . 
  further , that `` 50 % '' applied only to non-state-owned debt , which was ~ 200 out of a total debt of 350 billion euros . 
  tbh the greek government would be crucified if it was known that they had 5 people working on that plan ; it 's the stupid populist way of greek politics ; media , the other government parties and ~ 30 % of his own party would accuse tsipras of trying to move greece out of the eurozone . 
  ( which is stupid to fight for , as major players would be glad to get rid of us , including offering a `` sweetener '' if that came to pass - if so , why fight it ? 
   how fucking dumb are you ? 
  what are you , an infantile usian ? 
  ( see , name calling ? ), 
   democracy sometimes means bowing to the wishes of the majority , even if they are not your own [ wishes ] . 
  certainly , but have you read the / u/jaydoors quoted ? 
  there would be no representation . 
  actually , i do agree with schauble that the eurozone unsustainable ; but he proposes to force fiscal transfers onto everyone by terrorizing all countries using eurozone expulsion as a threat . 
  is that a future you would like to live in ? 
  i think that greece should have declared bankruptcy in 2010 . 
  that it was n't allowed to was a travesty against the european people . 
   the man insisted in addressing his peers with disdain and contempt or , he spoke to them frankly and truthfully , and they were n't used to that ( speaking truth to power and all that ) .
