  well , it 's a license to print money . 
  read on ; further down she mentions direct ecb funding of states . 
  that 's what usually happens when banks offer 5 % interest on deposits that wo n't get converted to drachmas . 
  their salary is lower than what they 'd like - just as with everyone else 's :-) . 
  you 'll find most of europe more laid-back w.r.t. 
  religion than the u.s. 
  here : http://www.eurail.com/home - essentially a prepaid unlimited pass for a specific number of countries . 
  as far as i know , you can get a tourist visa easily , it is valid for 90 days for the whole eu . 
  so , with an eurail pass and a visa you can travel wherever you want . 
  i 'd also suggest looking into couchsurfing , but for your age it would probably be easier if you were n't alone . 
  usually , yes . 
  right now , they are so risk-averse they are deleveraging like crazy , as long as they do n't incur any losses . 
  that 50 % was the nominal amount . 
  the bonds were traded at 20-30 % of their face value the days before the haircut , and several bond owners made good money by buying them and holding on . 
  yeah , it should be grexodus . 
  ( [ semi-relevant link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/third_siege_of_missolonghi ) ), 
  otoh , it also points to a way out : fire people and decrease bureocracy at the same time . 
  if f.e. 
  10 % of office workers were let go , i guarantee you that  90 % of them woud be dead wood ( why ? 
  because everyone knows who the suckers are that do most of the work , and middle managers are horrified that they are left without any of them ) . 
  however , firing people is a political suicide move , not to mention that it would be quite costly ( compensations , jobless claims , legal objections ) , and the newly-unemployed will be for all intents end purposed unemployable right now . 
  keep in mind that bureocracy is the prime driver of graft and corruption in greece : the more people you ( a private person ) interact with , the more opportunities for bribes exist . 
  funnily enough , the greek irs is one of the few institutions that have strenously resisted their inclusion into the the \u039a\u0395\u03a0s ( citizen service centers , one-stop-shops for interaction with the greek state apparatus ; my experiences there have been excellent so far , but they are routinely under-staffed and under-funded ) . 
  gah , i 'm ranting , and i have work to do ... 
  no , these measures were in place at least since ' 96 , when i ground up against them from the private contractor side . 
  do n't get me started on post-2 .5 k expenses ( if you want to buy f.e. 
  a server that costs 3keur , one needs to perform a public bid -- gah , see , i started ... ) bureocracy is like a gas : if you add people , the same amount of work expands to accomodate them . 
  what the situation shows is that institutions have an utter and complete lack of trust in people , which they expect would cheat and steal at the very first opportunity ; in the institution 's view , the only way to prevent that is to share the responsibility among as many people as possible . 
  just to position myself , i 'm currently a public worker in a greek university ( done about as much time in the private sector as in the public ) , and from what i 've seen the problem is partly that the public sector has historically been a method of removing the incompetent from the work force . 
  granted , every office in a public institution has someone that is 3-4 times as productive as the mean , but that just means the rest do n't feel they have to work as hard . 
  consider also the fact that excessive bureaucracy is ridiculously rampant : if i need to buy f.e. 
  toner for the copy machine , i will need to obtain 4 signatures ( a tenured professor , sector head , department head , department accountant ) then the vice-rector has to sign off on this expense , i get to buy the item on credit , then for the actual payment i need another 5 signatures ( tenured professor , sector head , 3 witnesses that i 've received the item in good condition ) ; after this point i do n't know what happens , but i think it needs another 2-3 signatures by the uni 's accounting department . 
  i also do n't see how a workforce that is more that 40 years old can become more efficient , when they actively resist learning new skills . 
  yes , we have secretaries that do n't know and do n't want to use a computer . 
  ( there is still hope : one secretary i know learned to use a computer and got one assigned to her because she ( unofficially ) wanted to use facebook . ), 
  i do n't think there 's been enough shock to rattle these people out of their comfortable rut ... 
  does n't matter . 
  they might as well be located in israel , germany or russia - everywhere the bandwidth and hosting is cheap . 
  nobody uses satellites for ip traffic , the earth-orbit-earth latency is crippling ( not to mention the bandwidth scarce ) . 
  huh ? 
  i might be wrong , but i was under the impression that germany had a self-imposed wage freeze for the last 10 years or so ; thus enabling exports , making more money for the corps , while keeping unemployment down ( even if it 's part-time trainees ) . 
  oh , did you know that germany already had billions of profits due to the crisis ? 
  how , you ask ? 
  people are throwing euros at the german bonds , to the effect that yields are now below inflation - people are paying the germans to hold onto their cash . 
  and that 's just the bond market . 
  do n't get me started on the value of the euro ... 
   those that were not affected as much by the crisis also , rural areas where the only crisis was the fuel cost - they already live on 200-300 euro pensions , and nd still has lots of clientelist connections ... 
  a good analysis , but there have been unofficial noises from all three organizations that there may be some leeway w.r.t. 
  the greek program . 
  it 's worse when you consider that men have 12 months of mandatory military service during which they are not considered unemployed , despite getting ~ 3 euro/month . 
  also , greece has too many students , which also do n't cont for unemployment statistics . 
  eternal september . 
  look it up . 
  i 've been there too . . 
  in greece 30 euros gives you 24/1 and a landline number with per-minute charges . 
  it 's possible to get lower than that . 
  ouch - that 's what happens when i multitask ... fixed . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/uphsi/embarrassing_scenes_from_golden_dawn_it_seems/ ) is a the video clip of the altercation , along with a translation of the going-ons . 
  semi-relevant : this reminds me of a [ speech by chomsky ] ( http://chomsky.info/talks/19960413.htm ) , which has the same tone : '' [ taxes ] are fine for you , but not for me '' ( he said free market , but it applies to taxes too ) . 
  actually , it 's 45.2 in 2006 . 
  afterwards the costs go ballistic , mostly because of the rising cost of servicing the debt . 
  in 2009 , it was 53.8 % . 
  and the 9.1 % deficit ? 
  greece has now primary surplus , and the whole deficit goes to paying off the debt . 
  note that naurgul also talks about * primary * expenditures - that is , everything but debt repayments . 
  that 's what 's happening right now . 
  oh , and it is n't working . 
  money in the economy is like oil in a car engine . 
  you ca n't have either too much or too little . 
  what has happened the last years is that the total number of euros in greece has dwindled to a degree that the economy is seizing up . 
  i do n't support political brinksmanship - but the polls show that that 's what many greeks want ... 
   they fail to mention what are negotiating with tbh i think we 're near the point were we 're holding the gun to our own head and are asking for a delay in payments - or we 're going to make a mess of the living room ... 
  no-one believes that we 're past the end of cuts . 
  the problem seems to be that most people do n't see an end to them either . 
  i do n't think the new 10 % of voters that made syriza the 2nd party expect tsipras to be the savior of greece , vanquisher of germans and harbinger of the rise of greece . 
  they just saw that the two major parties , when asked by the eu/ecb/imf to jump , asked ` how high ? '' . 
  while this might be in reality a failure of pasok/nd to communicate with the populace , it 's still a failure . 
  tsipras is seen as wanting to negotiate harder , but nobody expects him to do 100 % of his pronouncements ( yeah , we 're a cynical bunch , us greeks ) , perly because we know he will not have enough votes to form a standalone government . 
  it 's a classical euphemism . 
  you know , like pacific ocean , cape of good hope ... 
  actually , greeks * will * vote again , as the coalition talks have failed ; we will know tomorrow the date of the next elections , most probably june 17th . 
  and from the inside , i see the democratic process in full swing ; the percentages the new parties got in the parliament are indicative of the greeeks having lost faith in the old parties ( nd / pasok ) , not democracy itself . 
  while abstention was high ( ~ 34 % ) , it 's caused more by rising transportation costs than unwillingness to vote ( due to familial ties , greeks moving to the cities are encouraged to * not * move their voting districts to where they live , long story ) - if you need to move from athens to the periphery to vote you can easily spend 150 euros in gas and tolls . 
  still , i expect more people to vote in the june elections , and they are an unknown factor in these elections . 
  syriza is predicted to gain at least 5 percentage points , possibly moving him to 1st place . 
  civil war w.r.t. 
  leaving the euro ? 
  unlikely , but not impossible . 
  interestingly , there seems to be an educational divide : people with only basic education ( also , manual laborers , farmers ) tend to want to leave the euro , but people with higher education want to stay in the euro . 
  personally , i see here a chance to move some old-timers ( that time-shared ministries and favors to friends & family ) off the political chart and let some fresh faces enter the stage ; faces that i hope are n't as beholden to special interests ... 
  this guy has [ an analysis ] ( http://lolgreece.blogspot.com/2012/05/primary-deficit-continues-to-fall.html ) that shows that greece is expected to have a net primary budget surplus by october . 
  granted , he 's not using month-by-month expenses . 
  well , you could also be a lost illegitimate child of niarchos . 
  from personal experience ( & personal contacts ) , 25 % + -10 % is closer to reality . 
   digging yourself out is what greeks ( or any person with problems ) should do , not digging themselves in . 
  the full-contact austerity imposed by eu/imf/germany / france/netehrlands/smurfs looks to have had only result # 2 so far ... 
  no , none of the major parties support leaving the euro . 
  afaik only 2 out of 7 parties support that , for a total 15 % of popular support . 
  europe and the euro are seen as very positive items/ideas/achievements , and frankly , given past behavior , the populace has shown remarkable restraint w.r.t. 
  current austerity ( in the sense that austerity was accepted to a degree by the man on the street ) .
