  sure , but that will kill the euro - because suddenly the double standard of germany vs everyone else will become unignorably obvious . 
  in germany , a calm nye * is * like a war zone , given they have a fetish with fireworks . 
  in berlin around 00:00 -00:15 you could n't hear yourself think . 
  as someone who helped with fortran-written atmospheric models , people still use fortran because all the numerical edge cases are known due to extensive usage over those decades ; the people working with them know all the numerical stability issues and precision drops . 
  well , the greek orthodox church owns ~ 50 % of the buildings in central thessaloniki ( where 90 % of the jews did n't make it ) . 
  incidentally , they pay no tax . 
  nope , it would n't . 
  but afaik the debt under british law was less that 25 % . 
  how this would be paid off after the bankruptcy is another matter . 
   first , how one just walk away from the debt ? 
  easy , the pre-1st-bailout debt was in euros on one hand , but it was issued in greece and subject under greek law - which greece can change unilaterally  second , introducing drachma wo n't reduce debts , because they are in $ . 
  there are provisions in greek law that would allow them to be forcibly switched to drachmas ( or whatever the new currency might have been named )  forceful conversion of debts to drachma is not far from bankruptcy and refusal to pay the debts . 
  erm , no . 
  for one , forceful conversion would be _ legal _ . 
  the end effect is the same , but it sticks . 
  of course , the 1st bailout converted all debt instruments to uk law . 
  there 's nothing more permanent than the temporary . 
  but apple has the lions share of the profits ... 
  yeah , but they really did n't support maemo , which could have been that ok . innovators dilemma at its finest ... 
  so , like any typical greek company then . 
  finally , greece can export some know-how !, 
  thing is , germany really really hates printing money , and is ideologically inflexible on this issue . 
  there 's a greek joke on this : an egyptian and a greek converse : egyptian : our archeological digs under the pyramids found wiring !, 
  greek : so ? 
  egyptian : that means that there was a phone network in ancient egypt !, 
  greek : pfft , that 's nothing . 
  we dug under the acropolis and found nothing !, 
  egyptian : so ? 
  greek : that means that ancient greece had mobile phones !, 
  however , if the entities that partake in qe and simply stash the money , wo n't that prevent inflation ? 
  but i have the feeling that qe is either a ) pushing on a string or b ) helping dissociate banks from the rest of the world . 
  yeah , this feels like a team tag ... 
  i think it 's most certainly done deliberately . 
   somebody is using cleaning services budget to make a profit yup . 
  however , there is also more than meets the eye . 
   would it not be cheaper for the university to hire its own cleaning staff ?? 
  the university * can not * hire . 
  never could . 
  the most it can do is to use contractors ( not * hire * contractors , just enter a fixed-length contract with them ) . 
  all it can do is plead to the ministry of education to create new job positions with specific criteria , which the ministry is n't too keen to do ; even if the job positions are created , they need to be filled via entrants into the country-wide government job placement program - it 's more or less impossible to directly hire someone ( and i think in general that 's a good thing , before this nepotism and favor-dealing was rampant ) . 
  edit : also , it has been made clear to me that there is an understanding between the administration of the university and the contractors for cleanup/security , where the second will hire some specific people that will serve not in cleanup/security but in the administration ; usually secretaries or equivalent personnel . 
  on the third hand , know of one person in the unit i work for that exists solely to physically shuttle 2-4 papers * within * the unit . 
  we 're not talking physical mail , 2-4 forms daily . 
  aid packages for german banks . 
  45 million euros total for building maintenance , journal subscriptions , heating & power , office consumables , phone & network access etc - and 17 million for cleaning services & security . 
  there are extra funds coming in from research projects and trade unions ; i do not know the exact amount but that is extra and earmarked for specific tasks . 
  also , as i mentioned , the salaries of the approx . 
  2150 teaching staff and 1500 support personnel are not included in that number as they are paid from the greek government . 
  also , aristotle university has 81500 enrolled students . 
  it 's a self-flagellation thing . 
  students will also gladly protest and close the university ( and then go home for a day or two ) instead of cleaning up ... 
  i work at that university , and iirc , 2010 's non-personnel budget - that is , everything but wages for teaching and administrative/support staff ( which does n't include cleaning services or security ) - was 45 meur , of which 17 meur were allocated to cleaning services and security . 
  does that number make sense ? 
  because nudity is not porn . 
  nudity is ok , it spices up life . 
  just a heads-up , this surplus is due to the tourist season , there 's a seasonal peak during august-october . 
  the last guys have been debunked , their claims are based on iffy documentation ... 
  indeed . 
  they do have their biases , but all in all they 're serious and not a tabloid . 
  the ecb bought greek bonds on the secondary market at ~ 40 % of face value , yet demand full value from greece . 
  was it an investment or a rescue ? 
  ta nea is amongst the top 3 selling daily newspapers in greece . 
  ah , the point is that the frenchman was so far * legal * . 
  he had paid whatever was required of him/his businesses . 
  these guys ... not so much . 
  especially in greece , where it 's easy to drag out a court case to a decade before the * first * verdict is out . 
  ... have they seen the logo ? 
  frak that , have they seen the _ haircuts _ ? 
  one point that is seldom pointed out is that a lot of the people who voted for golden dawn originally belonged to laos , another right-wing but not quite so extreme party . 
  however , they went from 6 % to 1.5 % ( and thus thrown out of theparliament ) because they participated in the national unity government ; most of the losses went to gd . 
  my prediction is that gd will stop growing as soon as life starts to get better in greece ( or is perceived as getting better ) - but that seems far right now . 
  funny , but the description there is `` he 'd german , she 's greek '' - it 's the other way around . 
  well , ... duh . 
   `` pigs '' countries ignoring the `` eurozone '' deficit limits actualy , i think most of the eurozone countries ignored the deficit limits ( including germany ) . 
  one could also argue that the reson for the crisis were the ultra-low interest rates of the ecb in the 2002-2005 timeframe - this suited germany as it helped it get out of stagnation , but the `` piigs '' countries were more or less built for larger rates and accordingly larger inflation ... 
  the banks have been already paid . 
  funnily , the recent public sector participation ( which is more or less forced debt forgiveness ) made the problems worse for greece ( most pension organizations , hospitals , universities and utilities had been forced by laws to place their money into bank of greece accounts ; bank of greece had been forced by law to invest most of these accounts into bonds of the greek government . 
  psi comes , bonds get written down , and these orgs now have almost no cash or investments ... sorry for the long rant ) . 
  keep in mind that there was talk of another haircut , on debt held by governments and eu-level institutions this time , which would also constitute debt forgiveness ( as i see it that would solve the crisis by crippling greece for another 30 years , because the interest payments would still be at 4 % -5 % - the greek government , right now , would have a surplus if it did n't have to pay interest ) . 
  the irony is that this crisis was triggered ( not caused , triggered ) by greece going to stricter accounting rules than the eu ... 
  we 're not exactly burning it - we 're paying off loans . 
  it 's a trap , actually . 
  gdp goes down , loan payments stay the same , more cuts needed to pay off the loans , gdp goes down again , repeat . 
  greece has currently a ~ 6 % gdp contraction rate . 
  i am under the impression that greece is simply built for a 5 % -6 % inflation , which is simply too much for the northern states . 
  the greek bailouts were very nicely structured so that the initial holders of greek debt ( german/french/uk banks ) were refunded to their nominal value . 
  even the haircut/psi gave bondholders more than they wold have gotten in the market . 
  ( note : greece has its large share of blame in the whole bruahaha , and i still think it would be best if we defaulted in ' 09 - ' 10 , before being saddled with double the debt ), 
  nah , all beers are feminine in greek too . 
  in greece almost everyone prefers fresh milk . 
   higher levels of education i think this is the fulcrum of the issue . 
   after all the money everyone else has been throwing at them , they still have n't had any real cut to their military i think you have that backwards - the ( public ) money was thrown at greece 's ( private ) creditors * because * greece did n't cut military expenditures - in fact you will see new contracts being signed with french and german companies every time there are talks with france and germany ( + - a month or so ) . 
  on the other hand , there are large swathes of africa where you 're expected to know at least 4-5 local languages ... 
  thessaloniki , 0.80 $ per ticket ( bus only for now , metro is on indefinite hold ) , 586 $ minimum wage . 
  monthly card available for 30 $ . 
  have n't read the whole thing yet , but this stood out :  on top of this taxpayers might have to stump up $ 10 billion to support german banks as they wrote off their claims on greece . 
  ... why ? 
  why ca n't the banks take a hit for once ? 
  privatized gains , socialized losses etc. . . 
   the ecb itself is pumping money into greece , so that the country can in turn repay the ecb ... with five times the interest a bank would have paid .
