i lived on a greek island for 8 years , and i am in bulgaria at the moment . 
  main differences are weather and cost of life . 
  greece is two times more expensive than bulgaria , winter in southern greek islands is mild , while bulgarian winter is harsh with considerable snowfall and temperatures dropping down to -15 c. 
  mentalities have little in common . 
  greeks are outgoing , talkative and flirty . 
  they like to show off as well . 
  bulgarians on the other hand spend more time at their homes . 
  greeks also have more money than bulgarians . 
  if you like clubbing , then greece is not your place . 
  for all the years i spent there , did n't see gorgeous club and wild parties . 
  sunny beach is famous for partying . 
  do not worry about your looks , you will blend in any balkan country . 
  i am hoping holocaust will never happen again , towards any ethnicity or race . 
  world must remember the mad ideology standing behind the holocaust , and never allow such politics proclaiming hatred against people according only to their ethnicity , religious and sexual orientation . 
  example you gave with russia and soviet union is not quite in place . 
  soviet union was built over the former russian empire . 
  as the union disintegrated one of the successor states is the contemporary russian federation . 
  second , the dominant ethnicity , in numbers , not only as ruling , in the russian empire as well as in the ussr were - russians . 
  now the ottoman empire was not built over a former state , ottoman turks created it . 
  after dissolution , there was no successor in form of single entity like ussr . 
  second , in the ottoman empire , turks were dominant as ruling ethnicity but they were n't the biggest one . 
  arabs were more numerous , and in the balkans local peoples outnumbered the turks . 
  turkey is distinguished if compared to ottoman as a nation state unlike the empire . 
  indeed it is successor state , but the same goes for bulgaria , iraq , syria and so on . 
  bulgaria should 've done that by now . 
  many countries introduced such ids , driving licenses and passports some years ago . 
  if my memory does n't lie me , even albania has id cards with micro chips . 
  i am sorry for not speaking and typing swedish . 
  there was a discussion on / r/europe about the blast in karlstad . 
  article linked , was from russia today . 
  any information what caused the explosion ? 
  any casualties ? 
  anyone suspected ? 
  the ongoing refugee crisis tells us - do not become a member of schengen agreement at the moment . 
  while talking about the eu , it has disadvantages but as people say - you can not have honey without bees , and bees not only produce honey but also sting . 
  kavarma or kapama . 
  think it is typical bulgarian, 
  yes i agree with you . 
  food in bulgaria is cheap if compared to the rest of europe . 
  every time i get back to bg , i buy a lot of fish and vegetables cause the prices are rock bottom . 
  but look at the locals perspective . 
  salaries in bulgaria are laughable and food prices do not seem to be low for them . 
  dude , most of the food in bulgarian restaurants is complete crap , and unfortunately most of the food sold in the supermarkets is also crap . 
  do not forget that 80 % of the food is imported and in my opinion it is the cheapest possible import . 
  whenever i get back to bg , i eat a lot of fish ( ridiculously cheap ) and buy fresh meat ( mostly chicken and duck ) from the farmers of my grandparents village . 
  hockey and bulgarians . 
  dude as far as i know those two things do n't go in hand lol !, 
  but on the other hand the last decade we suck at any sports . 
  the big deal in bulgaria is - fitness . 
  last time i was back home , there were 3 gyms within 5 minutes of walk from my apartment . 
  going to gym is healthy , not every piece of equipment is about pushing weights . 
  the rest you talk about is lifestyle . 
  after all it is a question of choice what and how much you eat and drink . 
  using proteins , steroids etc. 
  is also up to a person 's decisions . 
  i never used any of these . 
  as i am from varna , there are n't many options for hiking or trekking . 
  swimming - one of the best sports , is n't gaining popularity . 
  my guess is because properly build and maintained pools cost a lot . 
  post it here . 
  do not expect bulgarians to pm absolutely unknown person . 
  i am sure many will try to help you with translation if you post it in public . 
  there are improvements in the big cities , but in the small places it looks like the time has stopped . 
  i traveled thru the northern part of the country and my impressions are , well ... hilarious . 
  the infrastructure is getting worse , roads have n't been renovated since they 've been built during communism . 
  abandoned villages . 
  houses with collapsed roofs . 
  bulgaria is the only place i 've seen that in such big quantities . 
  heard that situation in the southern part is better . 
  but i can not confirm . 
  do not intend to travel south . 
  prefer to spend my holidays in my home place . 
  i can clearly read nessebar and it is the name of the drawing . 
  but the name of the author is well , m. ser ... can not read . 
  lol and making snow angel after drinking like two pints of beer . 
  happy new 2017 from varna . 
  nobody stops you to relocate to non-eu country , right ? 
  trump-the-clown . 
  ha ... you came back from switzerland and i left bulgaria , second day now abroad . 
  forget about aquaparks , you should be happy if there are any covered pools opened . 
  swimming is one of the best sports :p, 
  north of bulgaria , in my host country . 
  had to come back as i start working tomorrow . 
  holiday is over :( . 
  i am planning a trip to southern europe in the summer . 
  have n't picked up a destination yet even though i am considering italy or greek islands . 
  think swiss will be a bit expensive for me although i am sure a trip and roaming museums worth every cent . 
  bullshits , nobody is going to take you working in the service if you do n't speak english and/or german . 
  russian is a must for hotels reserved especially for russians . 
  and russians themselves tend to communicate in english while being on holidays . 
  dude , you 're talking to someone who used to work in the service . 
  yes i worked in the service in three different countries when i was young , do n't you think i know better than you what the requirements are ? 
  if your hotel/restaurant is not targeting specific group/nation , then english is a must . 
  period . 
  second western language is a benefit and most likely will get you the job . 
  now if we talk about club hotels - that 's a different story . 
  if it is reserved for germans , then the only language required is german and so on . 
  mind you , i do n't live in bulgaria for years and i know how pleasant the local people of any foreign country will feel if you show respect to their language by trying to learn some simple words and expressions . 
  after putin-the-tall and russia showed their increasingly aggressive face , i believe there is no doubt nato must step in and boost alliance 's defence in the black sea region . 
  trump-the-clown no matter how much he is fond of putin-the-tall will not stop or oppose such development .
