  the law forbids smoking inside public places . 
  when i was in bulgaria , what really surprised me was the very low use of electronic cigarettes . 
  i , myself use e-cigarette and find it much better option than tobacco based products . 
  the bulgarian governments fight smoking only on paper , in reality they do not enforce what should be according to law . 
  bulgaria still subsidize tobacco farms , so i would say it is not a priority for the administration to fight that unhealthy habit - smoking . 
  yes , it is hard to find quality tobacco in bulgaria , unless you 're not ready to pay more than 10 leva per packet . 
  same is with food in the supermarkets . 
  low quality , better grow your own or establish connections with small local farms and buy directly . 
  i use e-cigarette and i find that option better . 
  mind you i started with vaping in order to reduce real smoking as i was coughing , not because of the absolute ban of smoking in closed public areas . 
  over here even the e-cigs are not allowed in restaurants , cafes and so on . 
  the other thing that made me switch to vaping was that i saw many people to quit smoking with the help of vaporizers , they gradually decreased the nicotine levels in the liquids until they were buying liquids without any nicotine . 
  i am hoping that will work for me as well , but even at this point i can see the benefits of vaping if compared to smoking , i rarely cough anymore , and i improved my running time . 
  someone suggest it . 
  nope it is not . 
  someone in another sub found it is actually arum creticum . 
  it is crocus for sure , i want to know which variety . 
  it looks very much like crocus sativus , what i doubt about is , cultivated sativus is blue , while the one in the picture is whitish . 
  thank you for confirming it is crocus sativus , 
  let the britons bitch and complain about immigration . 
  those drunken and lazy dumbfucks will have to understand the most simple thing , when there is n't anyone around willing to do the job , somebody away will come and do it . 
  haha ... lucky you . 
  i guess it is not cold in bulgaria at the moment . 
  do you like fishing ? 
  if you do , you can try as i see a fishing boat in your picture . 
  thank you so much for the answer !, 
  appreciated . 
  it looks like !, 
  probably it is . 
  i could have never imagined that such topic will trigger so many comments on this usually sleepy sub . 
  however , i am not surprised by the hatred driven by primordial prejudices expressed in the posts . 
  that 's what bulgaria and bulgarians actually are . 
  we think we are tolerant , while actually we are among the most intolerant in europe . 
  we think we are modern society , while in fact we lag behind almost any eu society and these days even belarus have more modern views than us . 
  we would like to see ourselves as liberal protectors of individual rights , while in fact we hate the different , we envy the success and dislike anyone who is more than us . 
  here is a chart , which will give you summarized view of our society and how it places in europe . 
  take a few minutes of your precious time and try to comprehend what it shows us . 
  [ link ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/52/inglehart-welzel_2015.jpg ), 
  thanks for the answer . 
  it really looks like star of bethlehem and i take your answer . 
  appreciated . 
  thank you for the answer . 
  appreciated . 
  i am confused now . 
  which is the correct answer ? 
  i looked at pictures of both plants , flowers as well as leaves look so alike . 
  thank you for the answer and nice words you said about my pictures . 
  to be honest , i take the shots with basic 16 mp kodak travel camera . 
  usually multiply pictures of the same plant and choose the best one to post , 
  i guess it broadcasts over the internet lol . 
  like there are many american tourists in eastern europe . 
  all ee countries lifted visas for americans long before they joined the eu , and it was not because of tourism , business or $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ . 
  it was because they wanted to show the world and your country that americans and westerners in general are welcome . 
  which synthetic plastic is biodegradable ? 
  if the church is responsible for those deaths ... may people 's wrath be on all of them . 
  many americans want to visit europe . 
  not many can afford the trip . 
  lol ... daily express and daily mail , the most controversial british tabloids . 
  dude , nobody takes these newspapers for serious . 
  i can explain it in more simple way ... you took the shot in wrong direction :p, 
  the article states that once the briquit is complete , the uk is not legally obliged to contribute to the eu budget . 
  the way things go , we will face ultra-hard brexit . 
  earth has n't been called - dead planet yet , to start thinking of terra-forming mars . 
  how are they gon na create magnetic field ? 
  thank you for the answer . 
  sighs ... never been to canada . 
  which civilians , the ones that took the arms and started a civil war . 
  sorry but if that happens in bulgaria , i would n't mind the armed forces to use weapons for re-establishing the order and official authorities in the wannabe break away region . 
  that 's how things work . 
  what is the house of lords , and what functions does it have ? 
  anyone care to explain with simple words ? 
  now ... after discovering time crystals , are they gon na discover time dilated diamonds ? 
  those are light bulbs , not candles :p, 
  light bulbs do not burn , they emit light . 
  jesus , after all there is not enough oxygen in the caves for something to constantly burn for 700 + years . 
  i read the article , it did not state that rabbits , hares or any other mammals live in the cave . 
  the author mentioned spiders . 
  insects in general are small and do not need that much oxygen . 
  do n't know . 
  did n't cut any of these tiny flowers . 
  i found a picture you can see part of a leaf ... how to post it here ? 
  do n't want to post separately just for the leaf . 
  here is an image where you can see part of a leaf . 
  will delete it after i receive an answer . 
  i counted 5 petals for lantana , while the flowers i posted picture of have 4 ... 
  the fact is - bulgaria is doomed . 
  such decline in population will have huge impact on the country . 
  politicians and businesses must sit down in one table and make a program for the future development . 
  dude intromatt , is your wife a chef ? 
  i looked at the pictures , only real chef who worked in high class restaurant will bother making all that !, 
  are you telling me she never worked in a restaurant as chef ? 
  amazing !, 
  the stove looks very american though !, 
  i saw the stove in another post by the same user and it definitely was looking very american . 
  are you still doing all that ? 
  no need of so much show off . 
  better off focusing on day-to-day lives of ordinary people than making glorious parades for proving how great russia actually is !, 
  australian citizens are well off . 
  it is one of the richest countries in the world . 
  the income of the average australian family is more than 10 fold bigger than the russian one .
