  that way you can do it on your own schedule . 
  have you looked into duolingo.com ? 
  in that case we should look to other ways to do that than a mad one . 
   i want us to move on from that treaty , but even if we were to move away from two plus four the fact of the matter still stands . 
  germany does n't want nuclear weapons . 
  we do n't even want nuclear power anymore . 
  that 's not going to change . 
  you see the thing is ... germany does n't want to . 
  apart from it being illegal due to the treaty on the final settlement with respect to germany . 
  even the us weapons that are stored here are n't exactly welcome . 
  in 1521 the diet of worms began that placed luther under the imperial ban on 25 may 1521 . 
  today in the year 1859 is also the birthday of on frederick william victor albert of prussia , better known as wilhelm ii the last german emperor and king of prussia . 
  and today of course is the holocaust remembrance day as on this day in 1945 the red army liberated auschwitz . 
  it was made a public holiday in germany in 1996 and an international memorial day in 2005 by the un general assembly on the 60th anniversary . 
  it 's not like the pope was n't ultimately the sovereign of the order anyway, 
  til 22 % of my countrymen are gross, 
  who cares what / r/worldnews is saying anyway ? 
  that 's beside the point , as is the fact that the family already changed their name to trump during the thirty years war, 
   newt gingrich is n't part of the trump administration, 
  not that [ bad ] ( https://www.welt.de/img/politik/deutschland/mobile160127861/7981628747-ci23x11-w1920/dwo-ip-kanzerwahl-jb-direktwahl-jpg.jpg ) actually and far better than gabriel against merkel . 
  the removal of that law was in discussion long before the election, 
  nah it 's all good, 
  so we share the tenth place with the uk interesting, 
  some people are simply more equal than others, 
  i know that slovenia is [ not slovakia ] ( http://www.slovak-republic.org/slovenia/ ), 
  probably because mattis is the very model of a modern major-general and having him on board , as the first retired general as secdef since george marshall under truman shows strength and military prowess or something, 
  yeah just looked through a few proclamations under obama, 
   in witness whereof , i have hereunto set my hand this twentieth day of january , in the year of our lord two thousand seventeen , and of the independence of the united states of america the two hundred and forty-first . 
  is it normal to count the years since independence in declarations like this ? 
   i and a majority of my countrymen 52 % is n't exactly a big majority, 
  but that does n't make its revival any better because in the last 8 years it was n't us policy, 
  yeah bush 43 brought it back , though that does n't make it better, 
  reagan enacted it in 1984 , bush 41 kept it going , clinton did away with it , bush 43 revived it , obama did away with it again and now we have trump, 
  after three days he 's already abandoned tpp and basically reinstated the old reagan gag order on abortion counselling when it comes to foreign aid ... so a bit hysterics is n't exactly wrong . 
   ith the notable exception of our decentralized brothers in germany and switzerland though to be fair we 're not nearly as decentralized as you guys in the us . 
  in germany each state `` controls '' what the police does , it does n't go smaller than that , up to the county level . 
  and we do have a national police force , the * bundespolizei * , the former federal border guard * bundesgrenzschutz * . 
  [ and die soon afterwards ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gibiny4d4gc ), 
  well you see the thing with seniors is : they will die soon ... 
   in favor of a much , much better design . 
  ftfy, 
  sooooo new world order ? 
  / r/conspiracy was right all along ? 
  they can demand whatever the fuck they want , unless the greens and the cdu agree ( which they wo n't ) it 's not going to happen anyway . 
  but i 'm all for them stating bullshit like that , that only goes to show to everyone where they 're staying on the political spectrum and that the surveillance of some of the afd guys by the federal office for the protection of the constitution is n't a bad idea . 
  thank god that was n't chosen, 
  why stop with 1 and 2 why not add the 5 cent coin ? 
  but ... but ... but ... we 're already into baltic ... let 's make it a baltic union, 
  switzerland , the netherlands and flanders i can live with but austria ? 
  nope i 'm going to go with bismarck on that one . 
  can we into nordic too ? 
  with us it would be a 100 + million inhabitant superpower, 
   practical part of exam consists of two : autodrome ( parking , maneuvering in limited space - stuff like that ) and street part yeah that 's included in our practical part too, 
   how does that work for citizens of other countries ? 
  for example i have a bulgarian driver 's license , can i drive in germany ? 
  what about penalties if i am caught speeding at a sufficient speed to have my license revoked what happens , is it revoked only in germany or in the issuing country as well or not at all ? 
  bulgaria is in the eu so if it 's a valid license you can drive with it . 
  but i have no idea how speeding tickets and the like are handled . 
   another question is about car ownership . 
  can i bring my own car in germany and drive it as you would drive a car with german plates , or do i have a period of limited driving after which i have to get german plates ? 
  and if what i have heard that secondhand cars in bulgaria cost less than what they cost in germany is true , is there anything preventing a german citizen from buying a bulgarian car and transporting it to germany ? 
  iirc there is a time limit where you have to register your car in the city you 're living in but if you 're just driving through germany or are here for your vacation you do n't need to do anything . 
  as to buying your car outside of germany and transporting it yourself , that 's possible but you still need to register the car here and have it undergo an inspection . 
  and depending on the condition of that car i 'm not sure if it is n't cheaper to buy it in germany in the first place . 
  you 're right forgot to mention that, 
  what do you mean with very expensive ours are already in the four figures, 
  in germany you go to a driving school . 
  there you have an theoretical part , where you learn rules and stuff and a practical part where you drive around with a driving instructor . 
  after a set number of hours in both parts you 're eligible for the driving test . 
  that test again has a written part and a practical part where you sit with your driving instructor and a guy from the t\u00dcv and drive around . 
  if you pass you get your driving license . 
  there are certainly books and stuff to help you but afaik there is no way around the driving school . 
  anf for the full question and answer in that regard :  q. 
  [ el pais  both in europe and in america , the repercussions of the crisis that never ends , the growing inequalities , the absence of strong leadership are giving way to political groups that reflect on the citizens ' malaise . 
  some of them -- the so-called anti-system or populists -- capitalize on the fears in face of an uncertain future in order to form a message full of xenophobia and hatred towards the foreigner . 
  trump 's case is the most noteworthy , but there are others such as austria or switzerland . 
  are you worried about this phenomenon ? 
  [ pope francis  that is what they call populism . 
  which is an equivocal term , because , in latin america , populism has another meaning . 
  in latin america , it means that the people -- for instance , people 's movements -- are the protagonists . 
  they are self-organized , it is something else . 
  when i started to hear about populism in europe i did n't know what to make of it , i got lost , until i realized that it had different meanings . 
  crises provoke fear , alarm . 
  in my opinion , the most obvious example of european populism is germany in 1933 . 
  after [ paul von ] hindenburg , after the crisis of 1930 , germany is broken , it needs to get up , to find its identity , a leader , someone capable of restoring its character , and there is a young man named adolf hitler who says : `` i can , i can '' . 
  and all germans vote for hitler . 
  hitler did n't steal the power , his people voted for him , and then he destroyed his people . 
  that is the risk . 
  in times of crisis , we lack judgment , and that is a constant reference for me . 
  let 's look for a savior who gives us back our identity and lets defend ourselves with walls , barbed-wire , whatever , from other peoples that may rob us of our identity . 
  and that is a very serious thing . 
  that is why i always try to say : talk among yourselves , talk to one another . 
  but the case of germany in 1933 is typical , a people that was immersed in a crisis , that looked for its identity until this charismatic leader came and promised to give their identity back , and he gave them a distorted identity , and we all know what happened . 
  where there is no conversation ... can borders be controlled ? 
  yes , each country has the right to control its borders , who comes and who goes , and those countries at risk -- from terrorism or such things -- have even more the right to control them more , but no country has the right to deprive its citizens of the possibility to talk with their neighbors . 
  [ source ] ( http://elpais.com/elpais/2017/01/21/inenglish/1485026427_223988.html ), 
  le pen ` will bring down all of france ' , some random redditor declares | / r/europe, 
   talk with bavaria if you can [ understand ] ( https://youtu.be/_gczi74qtac?t=37 ) them go for it, 
  to be fair the numbers for berlin are in decline since reaching nearly 20 % in 2005 . 
  i 'm more surprised that berlin is n't on top,
