  i do n't drink soft drinks that often anymore but if i do it 's fanta ... 
  unless i have the choice between it and orangina ( which is apparently french btw ) or between it and almdudler ( because even an austrian can be right sometimes ), 
  tv screens in a cathedral ? 
  are you nuts ? 
  that would completely destroy the atmosphere , the architectural vision of the place and any sense of taste . 
  should there ever be the need expand the crowd so to speak and the building is n't enough to hold them , be it for a funeral of someone famous or mass with the holy father or something , there would be a big screen on the church square outside . 
  if it 's written originally in german i read it in german , if it 's written in french i at least try to read it in french and if it 's something else i usually read it in english unless the english translation is worse compared to the german one or the german translation is faster released , as happens sometimes e.g. 
  the witcher books by sapkowski . 
  that 's the reason he was assassinated btw , the lizard people fight a secret war against the pastry people . 
  faced with such a crime against humanity , decency and taste it would be time for another blank cheque for austria, 
  there were these three guys who , while working for the bbc , found the best road in the world , the [ stelvio pass ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=np8z6l-fwoe ) in italy only to find a even better one a few years later in the [ transf\u0103g\u0103r\u0103\u0219an ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tq4yduvgyty ) in romania . 
  afaik you can enter a base as a visitor , not all parts of course but you should be able to get to taco bell, 
  if you really need taco bell you could always go to one of the us military bases like rammstein for instance where there is a taco bell, 
   history , geography , and foreign cultures in that case erm ... all of europe . 
  we have those in spades . 
  best thing to do would be to come here on a vacation and see for yourself and determine then . 
  though of course if you were unwilling to learn another language your best ( and basically only good ) options are the uk or the republic of ireland . 
  the eu tried to stop the controls in the end of last year but extended it as a precaution instead . 
  but in march they finally stopped and now sweden wants to focus on other methods of controlling the border without asking for everyones passport like scanning car registration plates . 
   starting in january 2016 until march this year . 
  afaik there is n't a time limit per se for how long you can bring back border controls , as long as it has a limit . 
  just because you 're a schengen member state does n't mean you 're unable to control your own border you 're can still randomly check people or even bring back full border controls for a period of time . 
  and in the case of sweden they did the latter at the danish-swedish border , starting in january 2016 until march this year . 
  if you had checked up on that you could have known that beforehand , it was n't exactly secret . 
  seeing as she already speaks chinese , china would be an obvious choice , but as the graf said , she should go on a vacation there to see whether she actually likes the people , the country and the whole social environment . 
  as to europe , unless she 's going to work in the uk she would need to learn the language . 
  maybe not necessarily for her work in marketing depending on the company she works for , but for everything else you need to learn the language , if you plan to stay . 
  but again she should go and visit possible locations first . 
  yeah but the thing is 18 is already established here , so why bring up 21, 
  seeing as that fictional 21 barrier does n't really exist around here , as you become an adult with 18 years , most of us would scratch their heads asking why it 's 21 and not 18 . 
  rommel himself was the son of a teacher but yeah there were a number of old aristocrats in the military simply because they had already command experience during the last war . 
  and just because we abolished the aristocracy did n't mean aristocrats lost their jobs ( unless your name happened to be friedrich wilhelm viktor albert von preu\u00dfen ), 
  by the time the second one came around the aristocracy was already abolished, 
   countries like germany [ ... ] still have a notable aristocracy presence . 
  what ? 
  i 'm sure you can back this nonsense up with some proof right ? 
  seeing as we abolished the aristocracy a while ago after they led us into that little war we had . 
  i 'm not sure whether you could call standard german an accent but if so that would be it . 
  to be fair though , no one is as good at gassing things as us, 
  are we talking somewhat bigger party with at least a sliver of a chance to get into power ( a.k.a. 
  the bundestag ) ? 
  if so , i 'd say afd , though closely followed by die linke . 
  the former are our version of the far right moron party , the latter basically the same but on the left . 
  we tried to become a real superpower once , most of the rest of the world was against it though ... 
  by god are you mad ? 
  not only will you get killed over and over , your womenfolk will get raped , your pockets will be picked , your bones will be cleaned and on your headstone they will write : a fool who went to munich . 
  i mean we once showed austria what we think of a greater germany , shortly thereafter we put france in its place and declared the empire in versailles . 
  a few years later it was an austrian who thought the time had come to bring back greater germany and you know [ what time it is ] ( http://cdn-live.warthunder.com/uploads/95/66c46acaaf7aebb5f474fbad5ab39580af5b5e/anschlusszeit.png ) . 
  long story short , millions died and today the only ones talking about a greater germany are nearly entirely found on the far right . 
  you might want to clarify that you mean real estate as in buying/renting/whatevering a flat/house/whatever . 
  apparently according to [ forebears.io ] ( http://forebears.io/surnames ) there are approximately 1,869 people with my last name world wide , for some reason 700 alone in kenya . 
  that only triggers anschluss though, 
  why would we need a new anthem ? 
  beethoven is eternal !, 
  if they 're able to drive at least 60km/h you could even drive on the autobahn , whether you should is another question though . 
  i guess we 're a impoverished place then as it 's legal and regulated around here . 
  what would i give to live in that shining city on the hill called america , far away from impoverished germany that has to tax the poor , unlike america where it 's illegal everywhere as the poor do n't need to be taxed because everything is awesome ... 
  [ be afraid , be very afraid ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=--hmjpubwmc ) they 're everywhere , they 've even radicalised insects that will sting you , around here we call them wasps and if you find one of those or god forbid a sleeper cell or nest as we call them [ do n't blink ] ( https://25.media.tumblr.com/5ea6ce903f7beb1ba55114828a218168/tumblr_mw1sztsnsd1s2wqx2o1_500.gif ), 
  either d\u00fcsseldorf or berlin , i 'm not sure which city i despise more . 
  that might have been true back in '74 but not today , our women won their world cup twice and the uefa cup eight times by now after all . 
  are you sure you have the right flag as flair ? 
  the embassy in berlin has usually a party , though of course we 're still waiting on an official ambassador to be appointed by trump . 
  apart from that i 'm guessing the us bases and the consulate general celebrate as well . 
  if you 're asking historically it 's definitely the fuggers and especially jakob fugger , who was so rich the got the sobriquet `` the rich '' . 
  our englishman in aschaffenburg just made a video about [ tipping in germany ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7kv_dtltdpc ) which explains the whole process pretty well, 
  we do n't really get news about everyday things going on in other countries as part of regular news coverage in the first place . 
  it does n't matter whether it 's russia or say france . 
  unless it 's of importance , be it a protest in moscow for instance , a terror attack or a strike rocking the whole country or you 're watching the national broadcaster of that country ( rt in russia 's case or the bbc etc ) , what happens in other countries mostly stays there . 
  seeing as you showed us all how it 's done , i just wanted to follow your footsteps, 
  yes monaco should extend its borders into space and henceforth shall be named space-monaco . 
  and it may show poland how one can into space . 
  i can translate both ( latin and ancient greek ) and even have a degree ( latinum , graecum ) in it but i ca n't speak it fluently or anything apart from the usual stuff you memorise like the beginning of the odyssee or the prologue of john or ( in the case of latin ) the beginning of caesar 's commentarii de bello gallico, 
  great vacation spot i guess , though i 've never been there myself and a good location for some great movies and tv-shows, 
   tea packets we 're not savages #### #looseteamasterrace, 
  the normandy , that 's why the chinese invaded it, 
  google is a big and successful company ( or rather now a unit of a larger company ) , they are able to lose $ 2,7 bn , they are not able to lose 1/3 of their total revenue ( [ $ 30 bn ] ( http://www.cnbc.com/2017/06/27/google-2-point-7-billion-eu-fine-only-the-beginning.html ) ) by pulling out of europe, 
  the eu stands for a social market economy though ...  the union shall establish an internal market . 
  it shall work for the sustainable development of europe based on balanced economic growth and price stability , a highly competitive social market economy , aiming at full employment and social progress , and a high level of protection and improvement of the quality of the environment . 
  it shall promote scientific and technological advance . 
  [ source : treaty of lisbon i ,3 ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/html/?uri=celex:12012m/txt&amp;from=en ) the state can regulate if he sees a need to do so . 
  [ what ? 
  ] ( https://i.giphy.com/media/nv9i4o1cf1atg/giphy.webp ), 
   air conditioning is n't really a thing in the u.k. neither is it one in these parts, 
  do they taste good ? 
  really , why do we have the internet ? 
  i mean i can understand travelling to see nice places , though in your case i would cross frankfurt off that list . 
  or maybe travelling to buy local specialities , in that case you can still cross frankfurt off that list , but just for clothing and shoes ? 
   he gave her one of his kidneys few years ago yeah i remember that story , did n't know about her being a judge though, 
  around here some universities sell clothes with the university name one it , but they 're mostly doing it because you guys are doing it and not because there is much demand for it . 
  you rarely see someone wearing them in public, 
  the spouses of both chancellor and president have no public role . 
  in the case of joachim sauer , merkel 's husband , that is deliberate as he does n't want to do the whole public life thing and only accompanies her on few occasions . 
  i have no idea what steinmeier 's wife is doing or even what her name is . 
  is this another episode of / r/shitamericanssay ? 
  i knew i should have shaved this morning ... 
  [ finsbury park attack : one dead as van hits worshippers near london mosque ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/live/2017/jun/19/north-london-van-incident-finsbury-park-casualties-collides-pedestrians-live-updates ), 
  if anything our guys cite american politicians as a good example what not to do, 
  you ca n't even call it a war ... wars end . 
  those pu 's have to be good for something right, 
  why ?
