  i do n't think it is . 
  ah , the continuation war ... 
  ever since independence and before there has been a `` karelian question '' in finnish politics . 
  in more modern times it has gone away as a result of russification of karelia and the strength of the soviet union but in the early part of the 20th century it was an important question . 
  let me try to explain the importance of karelia for finland . 
  culturally karelia was seen in some national romantic ways as one of the few regions where true finnish and karelian culture exists but then being threathened and oppressed by russians and bolshevism . 
  unfortunately under putin this russian threath has re-emerged in a big way but that 's another discussion . 
  when finland declared independence in 1917 , finland and soviet russia found themselves at war . 
  peace was signed in 1920 . 
  at first finland demanded karelia to be a neutral or finnish zone and that the border be drawn like on this map i quickly drew : http://i.imgur.com/wro9y1n.png geopolitically this makes sense . 
  for finland our eastern border has always been the one where invasions come from . 
  it 's a long border and hard to defend . 
  securing our eastern border means the survival of an independent finland . 
  soviet russia was not willing to negotiate for entire karelia but for repola and poraj\u00e4rvi which had already joined the republic of finland : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/ed/tarton_rauha.png finns traded them for petsamo that was to be given to finland already in 1864 but which then never happened . 
  in these peace talks of 1920 finland failed to gain our goals of a more easily defendable border . 
  20 years later this proved to be costly as the soviet union invaded on our entire border . 
  the soviet military strategy was though poor , and partly led to the failure of the red army , but bloody scary . 
  after the war of 1939-40 our eastern border was even more vulnerable . 
  we lost a chokepoint and defensive fortifications on the karelian isthmus . 
  northern karelia and lapland were more vulnerable too . 
  finland was vulnerable . 
  after the war the soviet union continued to be aggressive ; they demanded more land in south karelia than was agreed to in the peace deal , demanded mining rights in petsamo , denied nordic plans of a military alliance , denied finnish-swedish alliance , annexed the baltic republics in june of 1940 , made demands on our internal matters including who can form the cabinet with which ministers , massed troops on our borders and planned a new invasion to begin in late 1940 . 
  in late 1940 and early 1941 the military wanted to mobilise the army because of soviet troop movements but the government refused . 
  it was tense in 1940 . 
  as a result finland approached the only power which could oppose soviet imperialism and could help us gain our land back , germany , and signed a treaty where german troops could use finnish soil to reach norway . 
  the soviet union negotiated with germany and demanded that the soviets could invade finland in november 1940 without germany interfering as agreed in the molotov-ribbentrop pact and as happened in 1939 . 
  the germans refused . 
  allying with the germans saved us from another invasion in 1940 that , with the border so vulnerable , would have led to the occupation and annexation of finland to the soviet union . 
  with german help in 1941 finland could now seek to gain more easily defendable borders in eastern karelia also freeing the karelian people of the russian threath . 
  finnish military strength was n't great enough to gain the borders as drawn in the first map i posted but still we gained river svir ( syv\u00e4ri ) and a more easily defendable buffer zone . 
  to me it 's not realistic to expect finland to stay `` neutral '' and quiet after the war of 39-40 with a huge imperialist neighbour to the east . 
  finland had a chance to solve the geopolitical challenges it faced and still faces when it comes to our eastern border but failed as germany failed . 
  i expect finland to pay the ultimate price for this somewhere in the future with a russian occupation/annexation . 
  : dddddddddd xddddddddd, 
   best place for agricultural work in january ? 
  finland . 
  there was soviet russia , the predecessor to the soviet union . 
  the soviet union then signed a treaty of non-aggression with finland in 1932 , again recognising finnish borders . 
  the soviets of course then broke that treaty seven years later . 
  what are you saying ? 
   we recognize finland 's borders . 
  that 's what you said in 1920 . 
  15 years later the ethnic cleansing of finns began in ingria . 
  a few years after that finland was invaded and you stole our land . 
  in 1997 you said you recognised and respected ukraine 's borders . 
  17 years later you invaded and stole their land . 
  you are imperialist . 
  you are fascist . 
  and you are defending these actions , you piece of shit . 
  we can not have neutral relations . 
  russia will never see finland no more than a harmless buffer state at best or a potential satellite state at worst . 
  russkie go home !, 
  so you are against recognising ukraine 's borders and territorial sovereignity ? 
  holy fuck you are one huge fascist piece of shit . 
  and suddenly this land became `` russian '' after a revolution against russian interests in ukraine while still in 1997 russia was happy to sign a treaty honouring ukraine 's borders ... yeah right . 
  and speaking of stolen land ... you hypocrite . 
  why do n't you fuck off and go cry `` russophobia ! '', 
  somewhere you imperialism defending fascist piece of shit . 
  it 's true innit ? 
  it 's time for the russian people to wake up and smell the fascism and all the death and misery that come with it . 
  i remember when the war started with all that ridiculous russian propaganda started appearing how russian people were saying `` oh , we know it 's propaganda . 
  russian people are good at recognising propaganda . '', 
  yet , here we are . 
  if the russian people know it 's all propaganda what their government is telling them , how can they stand it ? 
  their government is lying about russian soldiers dying in ukraine . 
  burying them in secret . 
  sending weapons and soldiers to ukraine while lying about it . 
  if the russian people know these are all lies why are they letting it happen ? 
  i think they do n't know . 
  they believe the propaganda and lies . 
  if they knew the truth , there 'd be a maidan revolution in russia . 
  putin , even more corrupt than yanukovich , would find himself dead or in hiding if the people knew the truth . 
  that would be a day of joy for me but before that happens more young russian men need to die for putin 's lies . 
  i wish france , germany and the uk would send more soldiers , tens of thousands of them , to the east , to finland , the baltics , poland and further south . 
  that is where they are needed . 
  russkie go home !, 
   a diplomatic solution should be nice . 
  too late . 
  russian fascists already started the war . 
  there ca n't be any referendums now , not under fascist russian occupation . 
  russkie go home !, 
  try staying on your side of the border , maybe we would n't feel so disgusted by the russians . 
  this is a cool site to check sunrise and sunset times around the world : http://www.gaisma.com/en/ finland arctic circle : http://www.gaisma.com/en/location/rovaniemi.html sunrise at 02:30 sunset at 00:04 i live slightly south of the arctic circle but during june it 's so bright outside you can read a book outside at 2 am if you wish . 
  why did the soviet union have slavery and was an imperialist war-mongering state ? 
  not enough of you red scum died in ww2 . 
  socialism needs to die , socialists need to die . 
  you imperialist slave-owning tyrants . 
  `` gender equality '' equality ? 
  what ? 
  quotas are discriminatory . 
  fucking hell , the world has gone insane . 
  like the russian scum truly are . 
  i do n't give a fuck about their problems . 
  they should n't come here . 
  i hope as many of them drown in the mediterranean . 
  i want none . 
  i hope they all sink and drown in the mediterranean . 
  this is none of eu 's business . 
  i wo n't have some foreign cunts deciding who 's entitled to come here . 
  fair is having control of your borders .
