  that 's what nice comfy wool socks are for . 
  fuck the elite . 
  elitist freedom-hating authoritarians want to control how people live their lives . 
  fuck them . 
  not for long tho . 
  they want to ban smoking . 
  sale of snus already was banned in 1995 cus of eu elitist bastards . 
  crazy proposals like those born after 2000 ca n't smoke at all or limit the sale of alcohol to 3,5 % strength in grocery stores the rest to state monopoly . 
  alcohol sale was limited to 9-21 just a few years back . 
  these elitists bastards will never give up until they find themselves hanged from lamp posts . 
  they wish to dictate what drugs we enjoy and when we enjoy them and they 'll keep telling they 're doing it for your benefit . 
  dirty peasant lives do n't matter to these elitists . 
  stupid common people ca n't think for themselves , we better decide it for them . 
  the elite has lost its grip with reality . 
  they live in their own artificial reality where they are right , everyone else being wrong . 
  so wrong that we do n't have to listen to them , we tell them . 
  fuck the common man , ca n't let him think for himself . 
  `` big tobacco fights back '' good . 
  better someone fight back against this nanny state bullshit that 's been creeping up to us . 
  what 's next ? 
  state monopoly on alcohol ? 
  we had that , still have to large extent , it sucks . 
  ban alcohol advertising ? 
  we have that cus `` think of the children . '', 
  sure the state controls our way of thought but `` think of the children '' right ? 
  pictures of fat people on chocolate bars ? 
  i 'm sure those nanny state supporters would love this . 
  we already have a special tax on sugar . 
  what does all this do ? 
  hurt the poor cus fuck the poor amirite ? 
  `` we '' enlightened rulers decide how you poor ignorant peasants are to live your lifes . 
  it 's all for the common good . 
  bastards should be hanged . 
  latter part of exodus all the way to the end of leviticus is pretty bad reading . 
  :d that was probably the most boring part of the old testament . 
  then you get to deuteronomy and it repeats much of what was said in the four previous books ... once you get out of that you sigh in relief until you reach the books of chronicles where it again just repeats what was said in the previous books ... ( \u30ce\u0ca0\u76ca\u0ca0 ) \u30ce\u5f61 \u253b \u2501 \u253b who thought this was a good idea ? 
  but that 's the thing with the bible ; it 's not a book , it 's a collection of books and you have to look at each book individually . 
  who wrote this book and why ? 
  how does it differ from that other book that had the same stories ? 
  what point is this book trying to make ? 
  etc, 
  i found these two lecture series by yale university , recommended for anyone interested : https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=plh9mgdi4rneyuvtebd-ei0jdmuujxfywi https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=pl279cfa55c51e75e0, 
  you leave the shoes outside the class room so no mud , snow or sand carries into the class room . 
  the halls are dirty but the classrooms arent so you do n't need shoes . 
  worked well enough at my school . 
  the booze tube . 
  i 'm reading the bible as well . 
  already finished the hebrew bible and the gospels , starting on the acts of apostles . 
  i 'd recommend reading the bible no matter what your personal religious beliefs are . 
  it 's not an easy read tho . 
  some parts are heavy to read and it likes to repeat itself . 
  also you need to know about the history of the region for the bible to make any sense . 
  with some books of the bible i had to spend an equal time reading about the history of the egyptians , assyrians , babylonians and persians . 
  even more i spend time reading about how and who wrote the books of the bible and why . 
  that is even more fascinating that the bible itself and i 've spend countless of hours watching lectures on youtube about it . 
  germoney . 
  yah i did n't mean alakurtti specifically altho they do have mi-8 choppers that could probably be used in rescue operations on sea . 
  i do n't know . 
  murmansk 's been attacked in history before and there 's an important naval base there . 
  it 's near a nato-border too so it 's no wonder they concentrate troops there . 
  russia does n't view finland as neutral . 
  in a war between nato and russia lapland could very well become a battleground . 
  if nato or russian forces flew over finnish airspace would we shoot at either sides jets ? 
  not at nato forces that 's for sure . 
  what if missiles started flying over lapland , what would finland do ? 
  send a note ? 
  `` pls stop guyz , we 're neutral . '', 
  pack some long johns and woolly socks and you 'll be fine . 
  no it 's not about finland invading . 
  it 's more connected to russia 's arctic ambitions . 
  the arctic has been melting fast in the 2000s and there 's a lot of oil and gas to drill up there . 
  russia has been increasing their capability to operate in the arctic region for years now . 
  also commercial ships operate up there now too . 
  ships can during some summer months pass the northeast passage to asia or the western coast of america . 
  even without any territorial claims they need some military presence so that commercial ships can pass safely and can be helped in case of accidents . 
  they do n't want any kursk disasters happening to commercial vessels or there wo n't be any traffic and revenue generated by it at all . 
  what is equality ? 
  equality before law ? 
  that 's what it means to me . 
  we have that already , mostly . 
  just because 90 per cent of nurses are women and 90 per cent of engineers , or something similar , are men does n't mean that they 're not equal . 
  we do n't need 50-50 representation to be `` equal '' . 
  men and women have different interests . 
  deal with it . 
   but for every corpse , there 's 100 children no longer working in a factory due to marxist union movements . 
  so this is nonsense . 
  lets ignore ethnic cleansing and the murderous rampage of dirty disgusting commies cus they also achieved something good . 
  end justifies the means to a commie even if it means ethnic cleansing , imperialism , slavery . 
  fuck off you evil commie . 
  not enough of you cunts died in ww2 . 
  commies are wrong . 
  they twist history . 
  they refuse to listen to the real history of the soviet union . 
  those bastards white wash everything . 
  dirty disgusting fucking liars they are . 
  they defend ethnic cleansing , imperialism , war-mongering . 
  even if they do realise what monsters the commies of soviet union were , they say : `` they were n't true commies . '', 
  fuck you . 
  dishonest bastards . 
  your ideology disgusts me .
