  ** ( page 32 ) i 'm saying we 're allready seeing this widespread social unrest in africa where climate change has been a contributing factor . 
  there 's no sign it will get any better in the immediate future . 
   in sub-saharan africa alone , some 60 million people are expected to move from ` desertified ' areas to northern africa and europe by 2020 , and this figure is highly likely to increase out to 2045 . 
  ( page 34 ) we 're already building higher walls and fences to keep them out . 
  the problem is only going to get worse . 
   ** the financial requirements for humanitarian assistance are projected to increase by up to 1,600 % over the next 20 years , in large part due to the effects of climate change . 
  ** by 2045 , this figure is likely to be substantially higher . 
  funds available for disaster preparedness and relief are widely assessed to be inadequate . 
  as the incidence and impact of natural disasters increase , this situation is likely to worsen . 
  governments , particularly those in the regions most affected , are likely to become increasingly focussed on : preventing , preparing for ( and dealing with ) the impact of environmental and climate related disasters at home ; and with providing humanitarian assistance and disaster relief abroad . 
  some governments are likely to require their armed forces to take on an increased role in disaster relief . 
  ( page 38 ) does the eu have sufficient capabilities to respond to natural disasters ? 
  i 'm not sure we do . 
  we need to set some sort of natural disaster relief group or whatever . 
  when the typhoon haiyan hit the philippines in 2013 the american military was quick to respond . 
  the eu needs to do the same . 
   reducing greenhouse gas emissions is likely to be the most important means by which climate change is managed -- ** although out to 2045 it appears likely that the drivers of greenhouse gases will continue to increase . 
  ** inertia in the climate system means that warming would continue even if emissions were cut to zero tomorrow . 
  ( page 38 ) ; _ ;, 
  this has been known for a while now . 
  russia is funding anti-eu parties in many eu countries . 
  russia wants eu gone . 
  that has been their goal for atleast two years now . 
  lets take an example : `` k\u00e4velen sinne . '', 
  can either mean `` i am walking there . '', 
  or `` i will walk there . '', 
  the present tense is used for either the present or the future . 
   we the finns actually made a favor to the baltic states by not joining during the nineties . 
  if we had joined to nato , eesti , latvia , lithuania would have been in our responbsibility in defence . 
  that \u00b4 s what nato was proposing during those days . 
  so this has become the new finlandised catch phrase to use . 
  pathetic . 
  if we had joined nato , we 'd angered russia . 
  that 's what it really means . 
  we 'd end our `` special '' relations , our neutrality . 
  it 's so funny how finns like to think we have some weird `` special '' relationship with russia ? 
  where ? 
  in our finlandised dreams , that 's where . 
   you are a young man with lack of historical perspective ( and i am not saying this for trying to belittle you , the thing just shows in your opinions ) . 
  i 'm not saying you 're a fucking cunt , it just shows in your opinions . 
  you worthless fuck . 
  have no respect for people like you . 
   nowadays we have been more finlandisationized towards united states than we were towards the ussr . 
  the thing is very simple : we should have not let any politician to drive down our own army . 
  now those who have been doing it through the years are promoting nato to cover up their own idiotism . 
  well , it seems to work for some of you guys ... more finlandised towards the us ? 
  fucking hell it never ends with you butthurt finns , does it ? 
  any way you can you try to divert focus from the wrong doings done during the time of finlandisation . 
  any way you can so that the truth wont come out . 
  you 'd rather live in the finnish lie of `` friendly '' relations with russia , `` special '' relations with russia , `` neutrality '' , `` believable '' defence . 
  all the same finlandised nonsensical fairy tales repeated year after year , time after time . 
  who are the people the most in favour of getting rid of the military ? 
  people like tarja halonen and erkki tuomioja . 
  deeply finlandised reds . 
  very anti nato . 
  why is the centre party so anti nato ? 
  because they 've got such deep roots with finlandisation . 
  we have old finlandised fossils like paavo v\u00e4yrynen spouting pro-russian propaganda . 
  why ca n't we get rid of these people ? 
  the intelligence services is n't going to do much with their own finlandised history . 
  the politicians like to keep it silent . 
  neutrality is idiotism . 
  it did n't work in 1939 . 
  it wont work in the future either . 
  we need allies . 
  i have my doubts . 
  why would the balts agree to such terms ? 
  sure the balts might not have much of a say in the matter but still finland and sweden taking responsibility of baltic defence ? 
  does n't sound like much of a defence tbh . 
  also why have n't we heard of this before ? 
  why did it suddenly pop up before elections ... makes one wonder . 
  got ta love the down votes . 
  most likely coming from butthurt finns . 
  ca n't even mention finlandisation or some people get all upset . 
  we should 've really dealt with finlandisation in the 90s . 
  who had connections and where ? 
  if we had done that i 'm sure we would 've had a different president 2000-2012 . 
  i 'd also guess we 'd have a different foreign minister right now as well . 
  thank you . 
  i 'll watch this tomorrow . 
  i remember the case but do n't know the details . 
  yeah . 
  i do n't see finland joining without sweden joining . 
  what would be a disaster is if sweden joined but finland stayed out . 
  even worse sweden joined but finland was not allowed in and left out . 
  people ca n't take a joke . 
  i know . 
  nato discussion in this country is so toxic it makes me sad and frustrated . 
  :( when the state intelligence services are involved in keeping evidence from the people of politician 's connections to kgb and stasi it 's infuriating . 
   :( just felt like writing my thoughts on paper . 
  so that we 'd have better news than all that tabloid garbage out there or news published by huge corporations with ideologies in mind . 
  also that we get to enjoy better documentaries than `` jet fuel ca n't melt steel beams '' - type nonsense . 
  they also provide news for language minorities ( swedish , russian , saami in case of finland ) who would otherwise be left out . 
  with that in mind i 'd still like to cut our local public broadcaster 's budget . 
  get rid of entertainment , leave that to commercial channels , and focus more on news and documentaries . 
  the neutrality of finland is a joke . 
  finland is not a neutral state . 
  what kind of a neutral state imposes economic sanctions on russia ? 
  trade and good relations are a joke . 
  what kind of a good neighbour invades our airspace to practice bombing runs on some highly valuable military targets ?
