  literally we say `` me-on is cancer . '', 
  `` me-on is dog . '', 
  etc, 
  they were about to defeat them in summer of 2014 until russia intervened more openly . 
  ukraine is neutral with russia ? 
  what ? 
  there 's a war between ukraine and russia . 
  do n't know about identity and i might be wrong but i 've heard there 's no verb `` to have '' in russian and this is because of uralic languages . 
  we uralics use the verb `` to be '' instead . 
  there are some other ways uralic languages have left a mark in russian . 
  idk more about that though . 
  large parts of modern northern russia were uralic speaking before the slavs came . 
  there are no ural-altaic minorities . 
  ural-altaic is an outdated term still sometimes unfortunately used . 
  there are uralic minorities , turkic minorities , tungusic minorities etc but ural-altaic should n't be used . 
  happens in finland too , all the time . 
  maybe not to such a scale . 
  that 's just silly . 
  we have the uralic saami languages now dead ( they 're not dead yet but lets pretend ) and divided into two north-germanic languages , one uralic and one slavic language . 
  how in the hell are we any closer to a single language ? 
  now we have people who could previously understand each other who ca n't anymore . 
  only swedes and norwegians can understand each other . 
  no one understands the finns . 
  russians wo n't bother to understand anyone else . 
  how do we fix this ? 
  we use a lingua franca !, 
  we do n't have to kill norwegian , swedish , finnish and russian for us to understand each other . 
  we use a third language like english . 
  problem solved . 
  no language needs to die . 
  humanity has solved this problem naturally a long time ago . 
  it 's complicated . 
  over here over 70 % are protestant members of the lutheran church just like the map shows . 
  so 70 % are god-believing christians right ? 
  when polled 42 % of church members believed in god . 
  so 70 % are protestant but out of those only less than half actually believe in god . 
  also less than half of church members believe jesus was the son of god . 
  only 23 % of church members believe in heaven and hell . 
  are they really christian/protestant then ? 
  i think not but in maps like these even those who do n't believe in god , in jesus , in heaven and hell are labelled as christian just because they 're a member of the lutheran church . 
  i never downvote , only upvote those posts i like . 
  livonian national anthem : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1smdxmwvbh4 rip livonian c. 500ad - 2013ad . 
  this is silly . 
  just because languages die we are n't really any closer to a single language . 
  when saami languages die in finland they pick up finnish , norwegian in norway , swedish in sweden and russian in russia . 
  none of those languages is going to die any time soon . 
  people do n't suddenly start speaking english or any other lingua franca of the world when their languages die . 
  no the eu is not a country , i know that ... it makes no difference , the eu is far larger and more important than russia . 
  russia is n't our largest trading partner even if we divide the eu to individual countries . 
  we export more to sweden and germany than to russia . 
  russia is our largest import source because of oil and gas , nothing else . 
  russia is only important as a source of oil , gas and tourists . 
  russia is an unstable fascist country , we should steer away from them as much as possible . 
  you can not trust russia and you ca n't trust the political and economical stability of russia . 
  russia is too great a risk to do much business with . 
  it has no future . 
  we 've closed trade with the eu ? 
  thank you friend . 
  `` with all the ugliness of the stalinist regime , with all the repression , even with all the references of entire nations still the purpose of ** destroying peoples never stalinist regime did not put in front of him . 
  ** '' what ? 
  under stalin entire peoples were targeted just because they happened to speak a certain language . 
  finns for example were targeted . 
  http://maine.utu.fi/emreg/martyrologia/martyrologia_tyyne_martikainen_2012.pdf the names and deaths of 6129 ingrian finns . 
  often it reads : name , year of birth . 
  dead , shot , date . 
  place of execution . 
  source their religion was banned , finnish media were banned , finnish books were burned , finnish schools were shut down . 
  thousands more were sent into slavery and worked to death . 
  others relocated to some remote region . 
  after the war they could n't return to their homes . 
  this was ethnical cleansing whose purpose was to destroy the ingrian finnish culture , language and people . 
  they succeeded . 
  thousands more finns were executed in karelia . 
  under putin ingrians and karelians are under attack again ( in finnish ) : http://www.iltasanomat.fi/ulkomaat/art-1429000896640.html http://www.iltasanomat.fi/ulkomaat/art-1428999906639.html, 
  perkele is definitely a loan word . 
  wiktionary says `` puika '' is borrowed from a finnic language to latvian . 
  maybe livonian had an influence ? 
  til we borrowed `` pimpis '' and `` pipele '' to our language from you guys . 
  :o we 've changed them to `` pimppi '' and `` pippeli '' tho . 
  `` kulli '' is what i call mine . 
  no idea where it came from . 
  edit : the word i mean . 
  they do . 
  not that i 'm biased or anything . 
  to be fair finns decided to evacuate karelia during and after the war . 
  evacuation was involuntary . 
  probably most would have left anyway . 
  the soviets had started to ethnically cleanse the border regions of finns some years before the war . 
  thousands of finns were executed and tens of thousands forcibly relocated or sent into slavery . 
  we had some knowledge of these crimes on this side the border before the war . 
  the evacuated people had no interest in trying their luck . 
  if they had stayed after the war and were lucky they 'd maybe only face forced relocation to some remote region in central asia . 
  if they were n't so lucky they 'd be executed . 
  almost 5 % change of dying crossing the mediterranean . 
  : / eu needs to increasingly keep an eye on its neighbouring regions . 
  there are so many potential conflict areas around eu in the middle east and northern africa that this influx of immigrants wo n't stop any time soon . 
  there are simple ways to help these regions . 
  they might not bring a lasting peace but it could help . 
  one of them is population control . 
  population growth in some regions surrounding eu is out of control .
