  threathens us with war ? 
  keeps building up military strength on our borders ? 
  holds military exercises so close to finnish border that concerned citizens call the emergency number because they hear the explosions on this side of the border ? 
  announces a 40 000 strong military exercise on our border regions hours before it starts then suddenly increases the troop number to 80 000 ? 
  does n't uphold to trade agreements ? 
  deports finnish business men with rubbish excuses ? 
  wages an information war against finland to paint a very different picture of us in the international media and in their media ? 
  demands to have an influence on finnish domestic matters ? 
  russia has been painting finland as an enemy for years now and they consider us an enemy . 
  finns refuse to accept this reality . 
  finland staying outside of nato was the biggest foreign and security policy mistake we 've made after ww2 . 
  we could 've easily joined in 1999 or 2004 but no . 
  we had people in power who had a very red past . 
  they had close ties to eastern intelligence services . 
  our politicians of the 90s and still to 2000s had a history of finlandisation . 
  they worked hard and used the power of the intelligence services , who were infiltrated by the kgb and stasi , to silence any efforts to bring to light connections between finnish politicians and kgb and stasi . 
  politicians suffering from finlandisation held and still hold high political positions . 
  all this has resulted in a huge disaster . 
  now we 're seeing the come back of finlandisation . 
  the `` moscow card '' has been in use again even by newer generation politicians . 
  it 's a sad state of affairs . 
  all the while finns keep living in a delusion of neutrality and that we have some special relations with the russians . 
  for centuries the fate of our country has been dependant on what happens in russia . 
  during the 90s we had the chance of breaking that connection but we screwed up and keep living in dreams . 
  until we truly face our past , especially the period of finlandisation rampant during the 70s and the 80s , we ca n't properly move forward . 
  you 're being silly . 
  you 're not making any sense ... < _ <, 
  not sure if serious ...  _ , 
  here we go again ... sigh `` military is evil . 
  guns be damned . 
  only reactionary fools want to maintain conscription . 
  it 's sexual discrimination . 
  slavery !, 
  blah blah blah '', 
  you do matter to us . 
  in times like these you matter even more ( economic crisis , war in ukraine ) . 
  i wish the uk would step forward and show some leadership with france and germany . 
  it seems , to me atleast , that the uk has somewhat withdrawn to themselves . 
  this is counter to their interests . 
  a stable continent is very much in the interest of the uk . 
  we 're dealing with some major issues right now . 
  the future and existence of the eu is at stake . 
  russia is working towards the break up of the eu . 
  this has been their stated goal since 2013 . 
  here on the fringes of europe that can be seen in the headlines every day . 
  a new cold war looms . 
  borders are again being drawn with the use of force in europe . 
  the fragile security system we had in place from the 90s to 2014 is gone . 
  times have changed for the worse and will continue be bad as long as putin reigns in kremlin . 
  we need to stand united in these times or we risk the return of a divided europe which is already happening before our eyes . 
  we need to fight back , united . 
  we need you . 
  finland is wrong . 
  should be russians . 
  60 000 russians , 30 000 swedes . 
  ajantasainen = up to date, 
  english . 
  no one speaks swedish here . 
  who pays for that ? 
  whenever military or conscription comes up on this subreddit it sickens me to read these comments . 
  `` militaries are bad . 
  conscription is bad . 
  mlitary is murder boo . '', 
  in what fucking reality do these people live in ? 
  there 's a war in europe _ right _ _ now _ ffs !, 
  wars have n't gone away . 
  finland and russia will go to war in the future . 
  it 's a matter of when , 10 years , 50 years , 100 years . 
  who knows but it will happen . 
  we need the military . 
  we need men in arms or we would n't exist as an independent state . 
  no common language . 
  every national language should be a language of the eu . 
  you lose so much in expressing yourself and understanding when you 're not using your mother tongue . 
  lol communism, 
   what ? 
  crazy proposals that failed ?!, 
  the outrage !, 
  these have n't failed . 
  similar proposals will be in place . 
  if i live to see the year 2050 i 'd not be suprised if tobacco was illegal . 
   wait , they lifted a nanny restriction !??!, 
  who do i murder ?!? 
  they limited the sale of alcohol to 9-21 . 
  it was a new restriction . 
  now they 're planning new ones . 
  move it to 18:00 on fridays . 
  ban sale of beer on sundays just like spirits can not be sold on sundays . 
  close pubs and nightclubs by 02:00 or even midnight . 
  etc the mentality is the same . 
  limit people 's freedom as much as possible . 
  they 're the elite , they should decide how people live their lives . 
  cant let the stupid peasant decide for himself . 
  it 's all for the common good , for the children , that 's what they tell us anyway . 
   why do n't they listen to you ?!? 
  because they do n't care . 
  they 're the elite , out of touch with reality . 
  and it 's not about listening to me . 
  it 's about letting me choose for myself . 
  they want to limit that as much as possible .
