  take a look at sahel : http://www.prb.org/publications/articles/2015/sahel-demographics.aspx  significant population growth appears to be the strongest force driving the region 's potentially turbulent future . 
  with annual demographic growth rates ranging from 2.5 percent to nearly 4 percent , the population will continue to grow beyond the region 's capacity . 
  this growth has occurred because of commendable rapid decreases in infant and child mortality but lagging decreases in fertility . 
  with total fertility rates between 4.1 and 7.6 children per woman on average , ** the region 's population might increase from almost 135 million today to 330 million by 2050 and close to 670 million in 2100 . 
  ** these estimates follow the united nations medium assumption for fertility reduction , yielding values that these countries do not show signs of actually being able to meet . 
  this rate of growth is unsustainable . 
  it will lead to conflict . 
   the age structure of the 10 countries of the sahel will remain predominately young . 
  ** the number of youth -- those younger than 20 -- will double by 2050 . 
  ** niger will have the highest youth dependency ratio ( ratio of those younger than 20 , or dependents , to those ages 20 to 64 , or working age ) for the next 36 years . 
  even in 2050 , niger will have ** 132 people younger than 20 for every 100 people ages 20 to 64 . 
  ** the demographic dividend that could be gained from a larger workforce ( when relatively more working adults support relatively fewer dependents ) appears to be decades away for the majority of the countries of the sahel . 
  lots of young people in an impowerished region with no future . 
  there could a better future up north though ... also young people tend to be the most radical and violent . 
  this is not good . 
   increasing temperatures will also be a factor . 
  climatologists suggest that the temperature of the sahel will increase by 3 to 5 degrees celsius by 2050 and possibly 8 degrees celsius by 2100.5 rainfall will decrease and become more erratic . 
  agricultural production will decrease from anywhere between 13 percent in burkina faso to almost 50 percent in sudan . 
  other sectors will also face challenges in the next decades : ** it is unlikely that basic educational and health care infrastructure will be able to meet the rapidly increasing numbers of youth , nor will the formal sector of the economy be able to create enough jobs for upcoming generations . 
  ** lots of young people + unemployment and increasing possibility of drought and famine . 
  yeah , we know where this leads . 
  not good . 
  population control is the only humane thing to do . 
  condoms , birth control pills , abortion . 
  we here in the eu take these things for granted but the people in sahel are lacking these and because of that , it is leading to a disaster . 
  the women there do n't want 5 to 7 children . 
  they want 2 to 3 just like the people in the west . 
  we should be looking to help them with that . 
  we might be working on our self-interest but we 'd still help the region . 
  it 's a win + win situation . 
  we need to do this . 
  you were never dead to us . 
  i guess i 'm just a silly peasant but i usually pronounce `` g '' as `` k '' . 
  hello slav . 
  it is . 
  outside of loan words `` g '' does n't appear . 
  it 's always `` ng '' which is very different from `` g '' . 
  think how foreigners pronounce `` ongelma '' . 
  think how `` kenk\u00e4 '' is pronounced , another `` ng '' . 
  with `` n '' your tongue touches the roof of your mouth , with `` ng '' it only goes halfway up . 
  finnish lacks an alphabet letter for `` ng '' . 
  so how about `` o\u014b\u014belma '' , `` ka\u014b\u014bas '' , `` e\u014blanti '' or `` ke\u014bk\u00e4 '' ? 
  i would n't mind . 
   if they dont want to keep the truce then they have to say so . 
  very simple . 
  if they feel that they cant keep their side of the agreement since russia isnt keeping theirs then they have to publicly declare that . 
  that move might be justified mind you , i cant really know the situation on the ground well enough to judge that , but if it is then that is the move that has to be made rather than breaking the truce themselves . 
  `` very simple . '', 
  we have foreign powers holding talks on the fate of ukraine . 
  it is n't simple . 
  they ca n't just scrap the truce themselves . 
  russia is breaking the truce daily by having troops and sending more weapons into ukraine . 
   yay , more death , also more civilian casualties , great idea . 
  ukraine is fighting for it 's independence . 
  the goal should be to kill as many russians as possible . 
  make putin pay for his lies . 
  get a response from the russian people . 
  do they really want a lying piece of shit as their president who keeps butchering young russian men ? 
   except that if we start arming the ukraine heavily directly , putin will spin it into another `` west sponsors evil nazi regime to threaten russia and kill ethnic russians '' thing and will use it to justify an all out invasion , so so much for that whole revolution . 
  as such , i dont think thats a viable plan . 
  they use that type of propaganda already . 
  an all out invasion is horribly expensive , not just economically , and i do n't see putin wanting that anytime soon . 
  it would also lead to thousands of dead russians . 
  there 's a reason why russian casualties are being buried in secret . 
  it is to keep lying to their own people that there 's no russian soldiers in ukraine . 
  the more russians die the harder it is to keep lying . 
  ukraine has every right to defend itself . 
  we need to help them with weapons . 
  the longer we wait the harder it gets . 
  this is ukraine 's fight for freedom from russian fascism . 
  it sickens me that we 're not helping them . 
  what are they do ? 
  sit there when they 're being invaded ? 
  respect some useless truce when the other side clearly does n't care about it ? 
  the whole truce is just stupid anyway . 
  withdraw heavy weapons 15kms ... what if either side does n't do that ? 
  then what ? 
  when you 're being shelled you shell back or take out their positions . 
  the first truce failed , the second truce failed even before it was born . 
  how long are we to pretend there 's a real truce in ukraine ? 
  there is n't one . 
  this fake truce is only working towards putin 's goals of destabilising ukraine and the eu . 
  already we have idiots calling for an end to sanctions because putin is working for peace in ukraine . 
  the west has a short attention span . 
  the west should 've been arming ukraine all this time of `` truce '' like the russians have been doing for over a year now . 
  ukraine ca n't win but if they are to fail it matters how they fail . 
  putin will have to pay for every metre he takes with the blood of young russian men , preferably conscripts . 
  the more russians die , the harder it is for him to lie to his people . 
  an invasion of ukraine is very unfavourable among the russian people . 
  if thousands of young russian men start dying and it is found out that putin 's been lying all this time . 
  who knows what happens ? 
  putin is more afraid of his own people than the west . 
  we wo n't have a truce or peace in europe until putin is seen hanging at the red square . 
  that bastard needs to die . 
  `` broke the truce '' really ? 
  the truce is a joke . 
  it 's been broken daily . 
  as soon as russians fuck off from ukraine , i agree . 
  or are you for real ? 
  ca n't tell these days .
