  this is not fair . 
  this is fucking bullshit and something that is none of eu 's business . 
  fuck the eu !, 
  why would we be obliged then if others are n't ? 
  this is bullshit . 
  russian imperialist defending russian imperialism . 
  freedom-hating fascists at it again . 
  russia is a disgusting fascist imperialist state . 
  i hope as many russians die in eastern-ukraine . 
  the more the better . 
  they deserve it , fucking imperialists , fucking fascists . 
  down with russian imperialism !, 
  death to putin !, 
  `` never again '' yeah right . 
  the holocaust happened , never again genocide right ? 
  no , bosnia 20 years ago . 
  65 years is nothing . 
  now 70 years is the longest period of peace we 've had with the russians in centuries , excluding the russian rule of 1809-1917 , but am i to hope this will last when european countries are n't even willing to station troops in the baltics ? 
  there 's such unity and co-operation that the uk is having a referendum on whether to leave the eu or not . 
  65 years is too early to say anything about the future of europe where `` centuries of wars were ended '' . 
  `` 65 years ago , centuries of war were ended ... '' is n't it a bit premature to say that wars were ended ? 
  the eu is very young . 
  it is n't very stable and it might not succeed . 
  if eu breaks up , what then ? 
  if an eu-country gets into a war with a non-eu country , what then ? 
  france and the uk are worried about a rising germany , for good reasons . 
  pro-eu people are being naive thinking that there is political unity within the eu and that this progess of unifying will continue . 
  we have three crises on our borders and we no real way to deal with them . 
  the three problems being russia , the middle east and immigration problem from north africa . 
  i do n't care about the middle east or the immigration problem because it does n't affect me . 
  i do care about russia . 
  someone in italy might not care about russia but cares more about the immigration problem . 
  the baltics want more nato-soldiers from eu countries on their soil . 
  germany , france and the uk are not interested in this . 
  there is no political unity on how to deal with these problems . 
  bunch of freedom-hating fascists . 
   the ** far-right ** true finns came second and may find a place in the government as a result . 
  they are not far-right ... 
  that 's the end of the eu . 
  sometimes they become too friendly and too close to humans and need to be shot . 
  what does the eu do ? 
  they think they know better !, 
  they know shit . 
  they do n't care any bit about this forested periphrery where i live but they still think they know better and can dictate rules to us . 
  idiots . 
  maybe it needs to be studied more then . 
  we have better tools today to study differences than ever before . 
  maybe it turns out that men and women have different interests and motivations simply from biologal reasons . 
   a lot of people in power are still sexist old bastards !, 
  so no it 's not discrimination to make them stop discrimination . 
  this does n't even make any sense . 
  this is just stupid . 
  it does n't matter what you use to justify gender quotas , it 's still discrimination . 
  `` oh , you have a penis/vagina . 
  we ca n't hire you . 
  `` oh , you 're black/brown/yellow / white gay/straight catholic/jew/muslim . 
  we ca n't hire you , sorry . '', 
  etc that is exactly what discrimination is . 
  we have to and must tolerate their views . 
  that comes with having a free society . 
   belongs in the dustbin of history why ? 
  gender quotas are discriminatory . 
  stop lying . 
  gender quotas are one thing that baffle me . 
  they are just wrong but we still see people high up wanting to implement them to fight discrimination . 
  it 's silly cus gender quotas are discriminatory by nature . 
  that 's their whole point . 
  you decide by peoples ' genitals which is illegal right now but those against discrimination want to make it , not just legal , but mandatory . 
  then we have people saying we need more women in technology and science . 
  ok , why ? 
  maybe women just do n't care about those fields as much as men do . 
  then you get labelled a sexist when you say this . 
  if you say boys do n't fare as well in reading in school cus it 's their genetics , that 's okay to say , but ca n't be saying the same about girls when it comes to maths or you 're a sexist . 
  some want to it be so that men and women are the same except for their genitals . 
  saying otherwise is sexist . 
  maybe it 's true ... maybe it is because we 're different and have different interests that 90 % of nurses are women and 90 % of engineers are men . 
  how do we fix this mispresentation of genders in these fields ? 
  gender quotas . 
  ok , lets do that . 
  lets make it fifty-fifty . 
  40 % of those interested and motivated in nursing and engineering that would 've otherwise gotten to study now have to go and study something they 're not as much interested and motivated in . 
  what sense does this make ? 
  none . 
  gender quotas are the worst idea ever to promote `` equality '' , whatever that means . 
  to me it means equality before law , not some fifty-fifty representation everywhere like some people seem to want it to be . 
  was a good read , thanks . 
  watch the nazi mods come in and purge this thread . 
  useless fucking cunts . 
  wtf ?!, 
  why did this thread get deleted ? 
  this is an important and skimming though the report was interesting . 
  eat shit nazi cunt mods !, 
  it 's east of nevada amirite ? 
  or is that utah ? 
  it 's somewhere around there anyway . 
  idk maybe it 's north of those states . 
  that 's pretty much what i know about idaho . 
  `` idaho : somewhere around nevada and utah . '', 
  but we are . 
  we too .
