  but they want to do it through reforms , like the state buying up the land and companies and so on . 
  instead of through revolution where it is just taken . 
  surely everything in a communist country is state run ? 
  private enterprise would n't be allowed to exist . 
  well i do n't know . 
  people keep saying `` the earth is/will going to be overpopulated ! '', 
  and i 'm like , whats your definition ? 
  the world is n't sustainable if everyone in the world lived like wasteful america , but would probably be sustainable if there was 50 billion people living in squalor . 
  the distribution is completely out of whack . 
  jesus fuck they really do indoctrinate your hides over in the states . 
  i was under the impression that socialism was just big state/large welfare system and that communism was total redistribution and financial equality . 
  overpopulation is n't the issue , wealth , land and resource distribution is the issue . 
  if you keep rescuing the boats they 'll keep fucking coming . 
  how do people not see this ? 
  if you want to stop the migrant crisis stop assisting the boats and prevent anyone from getting to land . 
  maybe then they 'll get the picture . 
  well then the law does n't apply anymore and that 's when you do your own thing . 
  do n't blame them . 
  for us brits a week here beats two weeks in a shitty field sitting in a caravan . 
  well not rightfully within the eyes of the law . 
   when things break down might has and always will make right . 
  i 'd like to think that countries with world ending bombs would prefer higher level diplomacy over ` my nukes are bigger than your nukes ' tactics . 
  it seems to be popular with the native portuguese , i see quite a few other brits , spanish and even a few french people here as well . 
  going to drive up to porto again and see coimbra before going back to santander to take the boat back to the uk . 
  really nice country , 
  spain can u not, 
  ( \u0e07 \u0360 \u00b0 \u035f\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) \u0e07 hey germany , wan na go for round three ? 
  we could use some more land ( \u0e07 \u0360 \u00b0 \u035f\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) \u0e07, 
  why do you guys sound like russians trying to speak spanish ? 
  / s seriously though , sitting in the algarve as we speak . 
  portugal noice . 
  so if a bunch of people come and beat you up and take over your house , it 's rightfully theirs now ? 
  please separate the russian government from the russian people , please . 
  or where if you mention your religion in your politics it 's a veryyy dodgy thing to do . 
  see : tim farron, 
  maybe he was on phone . 
  i know alien blue i use does n't support flairs . 
  america 's hat !, 
  you know , american northern territories . 
   and of course the hatred for the english . 
  ; ~ ; this goes both ways , whiskey drinker !, 
  love you guys < 3, 
  you take that back !, 
  :( ^ ^ ^ gib ^ ^ ^ commonwealth ^ ^ ^ union, 
  i think we should marry france . 
  love me some speck on toast . 
  written japanese is so adorable . 
  using american and korean technologies , website hosted in ( b ) eesti, 
  facts over feels, 
  5/24 here . 
  muh british monolingualism :(, 
  something something immigration megathread ? 
  seoul , just to mess with people . 
  yeah . 
  what 's up with that ? 
  why would n't it also have ` white norwegians ' or ` white spaniards ' ? 
  why did they specify white british , when every other country does n't have race but only ethnicity involved ? 
  excellent . 
  i 'm not sure how hard it would actually be to find work in australia , honestly . 
  ideally i would have a fund i can live off of or dip into when i need it until i find a job , and then try and support myself until the visa expires , and then go from there . 
  do you have any links that could be useful if it is n't too much of your time . 
  would be awesome , 
  the good old times were before i was born :(, 
  year long holiday visa ? 
  how did you manage that . 
  did you rent an apartment/use savings/etc ? 
  do you advocate for brittany independence ? 
  is that even a thing there ? 
  i do n't know much about it all . 
   because you ca n't be friends with a competitor that may choose to weaken europe when it finds it advantageous . 
  and not being in the eurozone makes it easier to back stab europe when you find it advantageous to please your `` other friends '' . 
  i am not cynical enough to believe that the us is out to get the eu . 
  it 's far better and more sensible in the modern connected world to work together rather than fighting against one another . 
   and i do n't believe the us are you friends . 
  they are using you . 
  you are their eye ( and hand ? ), 
  on europe , that 's all . 
  there is a phrase amongst some of us here in the uk , how the french government basically brown-noses the germans  in all seriousness though , even if they were using us ( of which you have n't exactly proven that to me ) , how does that matter ? 
  arguably due to pax americana the whole of the eu is being used by america . 
  just look at the whole ukraine situation with russia . 
  how on earth did you get that analogy from saying i think there is more to people than their random birthplace ? 
  on the flipside , try being proud of being english - that trait is linked to white nationalism nowadays , thanks edl . 
  i take pride in who i am . 
  my actions and beliefs are what i take pride in . 
  i am more than just an english person . 
  if your identity starts with your nationality , you are a very hollow human . 
   to me it 's unacceptable a member country that could use the euro does n't . 
  so want to kick out sweden and denmark too ? 
   uk should either leave europe ( and in this case i would be curious to see how well the us-uk friendship goes once they become far less useful to them ) , or leave the five eyes and join the eurozone . 
  leave the eu . 
  our country ca n't physically leave the european continent . 
  and as for the spying , every country does that . 
  i 'm sure the eu does it far share of spying too . 
  and our atlanticism ? 
  why ca n't we both be friends with america and europe ? 
  why do we have to pick and choose ? 
  what 's with the protectionism within the eu ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  found the anarchist :p, 
   todays britain does n't look like the one i remember from english class textbooks .
