  honestly it scares me for how my world view has changed when it comes to immigration and the like over the last few weeks . 
  maybe i 'm naive and weak-minded , but i remember at the start of all this i was defending the refugees like it was my full time job , but now i occasionally catch myself agreeing with some pretty horrendous shit i sometimes read . 
  why ca n't we all live in a utopia ? 
  though i guess if you 're a refugee you have no choice but to beg ... 
  how do you know it will eventually happen ? 
  muslim immigrants in the uk typically have twice the kids than the natives do . 
  you see it all the time , i see muslim women here with at least one child with them , typically three or four . 
  it 's not doomsday , and yes i 'm probably being a bit of a negative nancy , i just think it 's slightly concerning . 
  ( \u00b0 \u035c\u0296\u0361 \u00b0 ) \u256d \u2229 \u256e hey merkel , here 's an ` island mentality ' for you ( \u00b0 \u035c\u0296\u0361 \u00b0 ) \u256d \u2229 \u256e islands are cool . 
  weather is still shit , though . 
  did a bit of quick googlin ' and found these , sorry that one is from the dm , but i guess the content still stands : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-32707346 http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3214679/human-traffickers-advertise-facebook-people-smugglers-cash-desperate-migrants-charging-thousands-safe-passage-europe.html, 
  bro are you from srs or somethin' in all seriousness though , the amount of immigration threads now is retarded , but the short lived immigration megathreads sucked . 
  looks like the mods are taking a ` hands-off ' approach to this whole thing . 
  difference is schengen does n't extend to the uk and there is a water border here . 
  they can try and get into the uk , but they will be turned away at the ports . 
  and i 'm the queen of damnations . 
  same thing happens with china today . 
  the communist party hands out leaflets about proper social etiquette in other countries , so hopefully [ shit like this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t8ocr1sukcs ) will go away . 
  tl ; dr people are fucking stupid and entitled , regardless of culture . 
  / u/arctorkovich , king of extrapolations . 
  well we can tell merkel to fuck off . 
  do syrians not have kids in you world ? 
  i never said that the syrian war was n't happening , i was asking him where all the non-male refugees were , jesus fuck reddit . 
  yuppers . 
  i hold this view if you replace christianity with secularism . 
  and i 'm a leftie on lots of things . 
  religion not race . 
  how difficult is it to understand that ? 
  people are against extremist religion or shitty cultural values these people might hold . 
  they could be white , black , polka-dot it does n't matter . 
  david cameron said just yesterday the uk does n't want any more migrants ... 
  not now or even in 50 years , but they have higher birth rates than the natives , eventually they 'll be quite significant . 
  western values fuck yea !, 
  it is n't , he just ca n't separate culture and attitudes from race, 
  true . 
  still do n't want to travel there though :d, 
  \u00f3_\u00f3 maybe, 
  i really want us to :(, 
  what will remain once the bubble bursts though ? 
  the proletariat have their britain 's got talent , big brother and footie and that 's all they care about !, 
  you might be invaded :(, 
  i should hope so . 
  you ca n't say libya was more violent under gaddafi than it is now . 
  india and lots of muslim nations literally have rape embedded within their societies as punishments . 
  itt : idiots who extrapolate too much . 
  pakistan is really that populous ? 
  til . 
  oh haha , yeah i get you now . 
  well we 're not considered the america of europe without reason . 
  that may apply to some , but i highly doubt that all these guys have families at home . 
   clearly you ca n't . 
  why else would there be massive camps in calais , if they could just go wherever they wanted ? 
  because they 're trying to get to the uk . 
  no other country offers them the level of opportunities that we do , aside from possibly germany . 
  lots of these people already have established families within the uk . 
   i think you 're vastly overstating how easy it was to apprehend fugitives in the past and underestimating the legal mechanisms in place to catch fugitives now . 
  most definitely i was , i 'll take that back . 
  i think you were saying that the us would n't help the uk because it 's an island nation , and you based that off of the usa 's treatment of hawaii . 
  / r/aww ? 
  stupid hardline religious people being stupid , nothing to see here folks . 
  i 'm against schengen , if you thought i was for it . 
  i do n't like freedom of movement exactly for the reasons we 're seeing now with the who migrants thing . 
  once you are in the eu , you can go anywhere . 
  it also makes policing a complete pain . 
  if you killed someone in france , the police historically would just put out a warrant and you 'd be caught if you tried to go over the border . 
  now , you can kill someone and then they 'd have to search the whole of the eu . 
  got ta love it `` i think i know more than you so fuck your opinion '' you ca n't hold that opinion and then believe in democracy . 
  like for me , i fucking detest new labour ( maybe corbyn will change it , who knows ) but i do n't fucking detest all those who voted labour . 
  i might not agree with em , but they have every right to vote as i. 
  huh ? 
  that 's like saying the us hates the uk because cuba exists . 
  honestly most brits would be totally fine with having some form of european government like the eu , we just think it needs a huuuge overhaul . 
  meps actually making laws rather than unelected commissioners would be grand , too . 
  most do n't though . 
  muslims and the eu have nothing to do with one another . 
   i 'm not surprised , i am incredibly pro europe please do n't use europe and eu interchangeably . 
  i am anti-eu in a lot of respects , but i love europe as a continent , peoples , culture , languages , etc. 
  this is why people sometimes think that euroskeptics dislike the continent lol . 
  yup , our fishing industry is fucked partly because we have to share it with everyone else . 
  gaddafi was a scumbag , but at least he kept the country in order . 
  i 'm not going to argue whether the whole arab spring thing was good or not , or be in favour of dictatorships , but if you look at egypt and libya now , its a bunch of factions all trying to get into power , at least these dictators kept the countries they ruled somewhat stable . 
   it seems odd now , because he 's basically the most hated politician in the uk it seems that way depending on who you ask . 
  look at the uk now , ask lots of people ( especially redditors ) and you 'd think that cameron and the tories are despots . 
  but there are lots of shy tories out there , especially when people are threatened with `` another five years of labour '' who for lots of people , at least new labour , just seem to be the party of immigrants and the welfare state/nhs ( of which both tories and labour are trying to dismantle in the name of profit ), 
  yeah i try to stop before reddit gets to me , it 's not worth being stressed about , you know ? 
  exactly , schengen just streamlined it , and it seems to cause more issues than it solves . 
  wow you are really really upset . 
  the politicians did it and the people , both natives and refugees , have to suffer . 
  cornwall can come too . 
  ca n't blame you for using weaknesses as a strength when applying for modship :p, 
  i 'm not a big euroskeptic but , you do realise you would still have a belgian girlfriend and a job in nl if the eu did n't exist , the only thing the eu did was make it legally easier for you to move and find work . 
  the eu is n't a dating platform . 
  i voted ukip because left wing tories , labour rotherham , green enviofacists , libdem europhiles ... nah in all serious i did vote ukip , simply because i like less government . 
  ( but the media told me that as a lesbian ukip apparently hates me ) . 
  sure ukip might attract unfavourable views , but party policy is n't racist , sexist or homo/transphobic at any level . 
  at least it 's not croydon , which is essentially a ring road with some concrete . 
  source : live near croydon and lewisham * shudders *, 
  that 's true , updated . 
  you read a clickbait article with a left wing bias and so you think you know more about my country than us brits do . 
  i saw that article too , it was complete shit .
