  please tell me this website is just satire :(, 
  unless you 're 100 % native in flesh and blood , your ancestors immigrated to the us , too . 
   6.11 atheism , pedophilia/pederasty and nambla 6.12 immorality of prominent atheists 6.13 atheism and abortion 6.14 atheism and lower empathy for others 6.15 atheism and moral relativism 6.16 atheism and profanity 6.17 atheism and bestiality 6.18 atheism and incest 6.19 irreligious prison population 6.20 atheism and cannibalism  13 health effects of homosexual lifestyle 13.1 aids 13.1.1 teenage aids and teenage homosexuality 13.2 homosexuality and mrsa 13.2.1 homosexuality and syphilis 13.3 homosexuality and gonorrhea 13.4 homosexuality and lymphogranuloma venereum outbreaks 13.4.1 homosexuality and parasites 13.5 higher rates of syphilis , gonorrhea , lymphogranuloma venereum , and amebiases elaborated 13.6 homosexuality and hepatitis 13.7 homosexuality and shigellosis 13.8 peter labarbera and his calls to shut down homosexual bathhouses 13.9 homosexuality and mental health 13.9.1 it gets better project 13.10 homosexuality and cigarette smoking 13.11 homosexuality and anal cancer nope.png, 
  i 'll have you know that putinopedia ^ ^ ^ tm brings you the greatest and highest quality content than anywhere else in the ~ ~ pinko commie west ~ ~ world . 
  bonjour mon ami ~ i 've now exhausted all my french . 
   nowadays , they sterilize african refugees . 
  uhh , source ? 
  when did i ever do that ? 
  did i directly , as an individual , cause any colonialism or slavery ? 
  why are you lumping modern europeans in with our ancestors ? 
  why am i being blamed for something that occurred hundreds of years ago . 
  i do n't automatically endorse it just because i happen to be born in europe . 
  also , offtopic , but related - i see you 're a moderator of a sub that sexualises transgender women . 
  as a transwoman myself , do i have complete authority on what you can and ca n't use as sexual interest now because i 'm transgender ? 
  so why should my ancestors have authority over my opinion ? 
   you have no right to use your own terrible immigration this is n't my terrible history immigration . 
  i did not partake in it , it is not my actions and it is not my fault . 
  i just find it hilarious that europeans have no right to say anything against the current situation cause ` muh colonialism ' no one alive to day took part in colonialism . 
  why should modern europeans have to pay for it ? 
  do you go up to modern germans and call them nazis ? 
  should i go up to an italian and yell at him because of the roman rule over my isles ? 
  mfw ameriksi tries to take the moral highground, 
  roses are red violets are blue ^ ^ ^ im ^ ^ ^ gunna ^ ^ ^ fuck ^ ^ ^ you ^ ^ ^ with ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ spatula, 
  those dranaei are n't covered up maximum overharam, 
  how can you prepare for something that does n't exist . 
  why wo n't you love me back . 
  spanish sounds like they are in a rush . 
  also athehthehtehtehth french sounds pompous but sexy . 
  italian sounds stereotypical . 
  danish sounds like drunk norwegian . 
  portuguese sounds slavic . 
  finnish sounds amazing and i 'd love to learn it but it seems almost useless to learn . 
  polishczczczczczczczczczczczczczczczcz . 
  you raised a white flag in your pants ? 
  ^ ^ ^ bants ^ ^ ^ b ^ ^ ^ real, 
  [ brasil irl ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mauy1j8kizu ), 
  greek-greek border ? 
  desperate ? 
  they 're not exactly in danger in europe compared to syria . 
  of course . 
  i was just arguing that people bring up the past when it is convenient . 
  important or not , the article writer wanted to push certain views into the readers head from the get go . 
  i was n't arguing from a utilitarian point of view . 
  you also have n't told me where you think i stand politically . 
  [ mao , like hitler was n't exactly a model politician with the best of ideas . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_chinese_famine ) do tell me where i stand politically . 
  jos\u00e9 barroso , ex head of the european commission used to be a maoist , yet people never seem to mention that . 
  sure it 's meaningful , but it 's also a great way to discredit a whole party with legitimate concerns . 
  honestly i do n't blame them from showing up . 
  i know i 'd probably do the same given their situation , though it does n't make up for their abhorrent entitled behaviour ( e.g the rioting ) having said that , it 's the policy on immigration that is fucked . 
  surely if they were true refugees , they would be thankful and settle anywhere that is peaceful ( so basically the second they arrive in the eu ) but because of shengen and the fact that they are all showing up at the uk 's doorstep , just proves they are here looking for work . 
   anti-immigrant sweden democrats now the biggest party , according to poll that was the actual title in the article . 
  why did n't you use that ? 
  i find it interesting . 
  take the calais migrant situation here . 
  they are all able-bodied , relatively young working age men . 
  if they are refugees , where are the elderly , the women , the children ? 
  depending on how you classify a refugee , that number could literally apply to anyone outside the first world . 
  it 's very easy to take a moral high ground on these kind of topics without contributing a solution . 
  i know a minnesota girl , she 's adorable . 
  damn yanks already polluted the queen 's english , flee while you can , nordic sisters !, 
  something something historic british imperialism is to blame !, 
  i identify as jos\u00e9 barrosso 's lovely eyes . 
  90x90 pixel usa flag , 5x5 cree , 3x3 iroquoi , 2x2 chinook , 
  gib hollande pinup calandar, 
  uk can into scandinavia ? 
  not with these western plebs p :, 
  reading some of your other comments , you are pretty paranoid . 
  90 % of people here do n't mind or do n't care if you 're from turkey and the vast majority of people are n't out to get you . 
  i do n't get it , pvv seem sensible enough ( maybe not wilders completely , but pvv policies i support ) yet to some i 'm a nazi . 
  i do n't get it . 
  i 'd argue that the far left in sweden and the far right in sweden are both to blame for the immigration debate not happening . 
  far left has made mass immigration/a retarded asylum seeker system the norm , but when anyone normal wants a honest talk on immigration it gets polarized by the far right . 
  both are fucking stupid in their own right and prevent normal sensible debate from happening . 
  you ca n't kill an idea . 
  unless you want thought-police-death-squads roaming the world neo-nazism/islamism/other hardcore insane views are here to stay i am afraid : /, 
  is it a stereotype that indians put spices/strong flavouring in all their meals , or is that true to an extent ? 
  it 's hard not to sound offensive when saying this , but lots of indian food i come across is typically pretty pungent ( although delicious ) and i just wonder if that was true for lots of indian cuisine ? 
  unnessesary use of capslock ? 
  that 's a ~ ~ paddlin ~ ~ megapostin ', 
  buckfast , along with the band alestorm and other pirate metal , just makes me think north of the border is just full of pirates :d, 
  does n't matter what we do bucky , scots will always hate us , it 's in their blood ( which is about 850 % irn-bru ) , 
  i would invest in eastern poland but you took all the jobs so i do n't have any money :(, 
  we 're waiting for you , come and take us < 3, 
  bollocks !, 
  relevant imperialism, 
  who is the source then who determines what communism is ? 
   we 'll need to consume less . 
  it does n't mean we ca n't do it with 7 or 9 or 12 billion people , but that would mean renouncing to our modern western way of life honestly all we need to do is start adopting renewable energies en mass\u00e9 , not waste as much food and be more carbon friendly . 
  it 's not like we 're running out of land , and technology will back up the rest . 
   their girls are beautiful !, 
  i never got this . 
  `` oh spain/japan/germany has such beautiful girls '' . 
  literally every country has it 's fair share of attractive and unattractive people . 
  i do n't know how you can pin one style to an entire nation . 
  the odd thing is that if you talk to some communists they 'll go `` stalinism was n't proper communism '' or `` the chinese communist party is n't communism '' well what is proper communism ? 
  people go `` well we have n't tried proper communism yet '' and i 'm like , well according to stalin we have , and the ccp , etc. 
  what they mean is that they have n't tried their version of it yet . 
  but then you 're basically saying the only difference between socialism and communism in your interpretation is that one is achieved by the democratic process and one is achieved via revolution . 
   socialists on the other hand intend to make reforms to in the long run remove capitalism and make everything state run .
