  if we stay in , we should actually be a part of it and stop tiptoeing around with it . 
  we bitch that it 's not good for us , but we do n't even try and change the eu . 
  all in or all out , no shaking it all about . 
  considering how many fucking wars european nations have had with each other , ` european values ' seems like a misnomer . 
  we really need to either be all in , and use our power and influence to change the eu for the better of all of us , or leave and focus our attention on ~ ~ our ~ ~ the commonwealth . 
  i do n't like this `` in out in out shake it all about '' relationship we have with the eu atm, 
  also , unlike * the netherlands * , we have the opportunity to actually be more proactive with the commonwealth if we left the eu . 
  the eu is protectionist , for whatever reason . 
  british euroskeptics : grumblegrumblegrumble * referendum is held , britain stays in * ** british euroskeptics : grumblegrumblegrumble **, 
  considering how much complaining we already do , i think we might hit critical mass . 
  it 's also a bank holiday here in the uk . 
  plus i do n't have a job . 
  completely true . 
  these guys come from countries that have n't had a break in conflict in a very long time . 
  shia/sunni , tribalism - i 'm in no doubt that lots of these folks when they come to europe do n't drop their beliefs . 
  you 're welcome . 
  well it 's used to describe twats like russell brand , or any other bbc left wing comedian for example . 
  people who complain about ` the rich ' ` the tories ' ` dae ukip = racist ?! ', 
  and want more socialism even though they have 40 million on offshore tax havens , live in giant fuck off mansions and have pretty much contributed fuck all to help society , and yet their shit gets lapped up by mainstream left-wingers who ca n't see through their bullshit . 
  / rant over . _ . 
  i take it you know what the term means though ? 
  and what about when these people 's three kids each grow up and then they have three kids each ? 
  i do n't know about the rest of europe , but when i see muslim ladies about , they always have young kids or prams . 
  itt : people blaming other people 's ancestors . 
  lets go play with the cooler kids in the playground , canada , australia and america . 
  hey !, 
  at least we have boats and not dingy 's . 
  you a bit upset m8 ? 
  antarctic penguin refugees , obviously . 
  either that or if the commission and president were directly elected by european citizens too , as well as the parliament making the laws , i would have much more favourable opinion of the eu . 
  honestly i 'm open to the idea of a pan-european political entity , just one that is completely democratic , that would be empowering . 
   there 's a lot of hate towards the eu from english people . 
  that 's far from true and a misconception other europeans have towards brits in general . 
  our levels of euroscepticism are pretty high sure , but it 's often minorities that speak the loudest . 
  that 's why you hear a lot about ukip abroad , but in reality , most brits would be open to a pan-european organisation , but one that is democratic ( i 'll tell you why i think the eu is anti-democratic in a second ) , also the british economy is being shafted in the name of the greater good . 
  the eu 's objective financially is to level wealth out and redistribute it , no wonder you see higher levels of euroskepticism within richer european nations , and lower within poorer ones . 
  secondly , the uk has a bit of an identity crisis imo ever since the decline of our empire . 
  do we associate more with our european neighbours , or do we want to be more associated with the commonwealth ? 
   i honestly do n't understand , the eu has a parliament that is elected by the people . 
  sure there 's a lot that can be improved , but the eu seems to be the best change for a pan-european organisation . 
  yes europeans vote for their meps , who represent them in the european parliament . 
  however , the ones who actually make the laws , are made by the commission . 
  when was the last time you voted for a commissioner , or the eu president ? 
  all meps do is vote yay or nay for these laws . 
  if these laws are n't passed by meps , they are simply recycled until they are eventually passed . 
   so in my eyes , being anti-eu is being anti-european . 
  the eu is very , very young . 
  are those europeans from the 1800s anti-european because the eu did n't exist back then ? 
  i do n't see why you put all authority of an incredibly old , historically rich continent in an artificial political construct . 
  i and many other euroskeptics love europe . 
  why do we need more government to trade with each other ? 
  why does the eu have to be protectionist ? 
  why are we looking inward , rather than outward ? 
  if the eu disappeared tomorrow - would you not be european anymore ? 
  of course you still would be - you do n't need authority to justify and legitimise your heritage and history . 
   flag checks out . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i 'm english and so i use an english flair . 
   in all honestly though , it most be depressing to be both english and pro-european . 
  i wish people would realise that to be anti-eu does not mean you are anti-european ( a view held by lots of federalists ) . 
  europe is a continent , containing cultures , languages , peoples , ideologies that are all distinctly connect with . 
  the eu is political construct . 
  hey thank you . 
  i 'm not suicidal anymore i do n't think , just had a pretty rough morning , weekends are like this for me , 
  yeah , i am all for breeder reactors for the time being until renewable technology starts outperforming it . 
  oh i think wind turbines are pretty crappy . 
  hydroelectric and solar are much better when it comes to renewable energies . 
  still stands in my previous comment though since they do produce at least some power . 
  yes , lets ban opinions we do n't like , that wo n't make people who hold these opinions feel more isolated and then make them more radical . 
  if someone calls me shitty names based on my sexuality , i get upset . 
  but i also have the same freedom to tell them why they are wrong . 
  instead of banning shit you do n't want to hear , try debating it , you might change some peoples minds . 
  so by that logic wind turbines are useless because sometimes the air is still ? 
  solar panels do n't have 100 % uptime like a nuclear power plant might get close to , but cloud does n't mean that it is n't producing power . 
  less power than a clear day , sure , but as long as there is light , solar panels will absorb it . 
  in terms of night-time , assuming we figure out how to store solar energy ( issue with solar and wind currently is you have to use it the second it is generated ) it 'll be a non-issue . 
  more than enough energy can be generated in the day to sustain a system through the night . 
  glorious though . 
  could you imagine australia covering a small percentage of its desolate , uninhabited ( trying not to upset any aborigines mind ) interior with solar panels ? 
  boom , completely independent on clean , unlimited energy , sure it might be a bit expensive right now , but what 's not to love ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i just love solar technologies . 
  in 50 years we might be able to just have massive barges floating around the seas with big panels on . 
  maybe in 200 years we can just make the moon a massive disco ball and somehow beam the energy back to earth . 
  awesomes . 
  i 'd never blame these migrants directly for doing what they 're doing as it would be hypocritical of me since i would do the same thing . 
  i 'm going to be an immigrant myself in a few years , so it 's not like i can judge lol . 
  meh , you 'd be surprised by the rate in which solar panels are improving . 
  10 years ago if someone came to me and said ` hey , want solar panels ? 
  you 'll break even in 15 years ! ', 
  i 'd tell them to stuff it . 
  nowadays , assuming i lived some where sunny , i 'd love solar panels on my roof terrace . 
  of course i can fathom it . 
  if i were them i 'd be doing the exact same thing given the situation , i do n't blame them for doing it , but to say welfare is n't a factor in why refugees want to go to places like sweden or germany is a cop out . 
  invading the middle east partly caused the issues we have today . 
  i 'm assuming the electorate did n't realise that the communists would remove the democratic process correct ? 
  started a war that killed loads of innocents , which is he is now profiting off of by making speeches around the world as some ` peace envoy ' . 
  yeah , dishface cameron is a jackass , but i much prefer him to blair . 
  indeed . 
  germany might be a tad safer than turkey , but turkey is n't a warzone by any level .
