  he can redistribute my wealth any day !, 
  god damn swedish , they ruined norway !, 
  what would have been preferred would be a slow transition in transferring powers from the dictator to a parliament or the people rather than going from dictatorship to anarchy in three seconds . 
  assad , like gaddafi was awful , but the countries were more stable under them than now . 
  and no we were n't in nam or korea ( i. 
  think ) . 
  but the ussr and us fought proxy wars there . 
  we , the us and the russians made the war much more violent than it needed to be . 
  vietnam the same , korean war too , all these wars were worse than they needed to be . 
  yes but it never was our business to get involved, 
  u will survive the banning from the paid illuminati shrimp :(, 
  i 've never seen european organise brigades . 
  / pol / yes , but not european, 
  yes the last wars we were in have been wonderful, 
  the eu knew their books were fixed yet still allowed them in . 
  i like immigration if its sensible and controlled and multiculturalism is a buzzword , if different people naturally blend with one another then that 's ok but when different cultures are forced together it 's not pretty . 
  fair enough , 
  nope . 
  why are you asking ? 
  i do, 
  reddit is pretty entertaining . 
  and i do respond quicklyish . 
  why, 
  why, 
  the voting system needs a change , fptp is only ever good for a two party state . 
  we have at least four big parties now . 
  merkeleme . 
  rather an ultra-conservative xenophobe to complete opposite . 
  apparently we ca n't have moderates in power in europe any more . 
  you 're either all in , or all out . 
  it 's like a broken version of mine . 
  farage is pretty good . 
  sidebar `` show my flair on this subreddit '' only works if you 're on desktop . 
  yes, 
  people are saying `` we need to be constructive , you ca n't have unlimited refugees ( 80 % of whom are economic migrants ) and attempt to plan ahead '' people are n't saying `` fucking brownies , go back to africa '', 
  if this keeps going , i 'm certain the uk are going to leave the eu , despite the retarded amount of propaganda that our media pukes out . 
  i present to you three options : - do n't assume emotional comments here are representative of the european peoples opinions . 
  - leave the sub for a week until the media finds something else to salivate over . 
  - find an alternative . 
  post content unrelated to this . 
  europe is being pretty trigger happy with sanctions here . 
  `` and you russia get a sanction !, 
  and you get a sanction ! '', 
  i would prefer to have no religious preachers honestly . 
  i 've seen a few christians with leaflets saying `` what does the bible * really * teach ? '', 
  which is annoying . 
  jews tend to stick to themselves though , never seen a jew preaching to non-jews . 
  honestly i 'd be all for that a ` confederate nations of glorious europa ' if it were like that , but it seems like the eu currently is becoming more and more of a political noose on nations here . 
  you 'll be back in a week  or at least when the media starts ignoring this issue and starts talking about something else . 
  every other party leader we have is as floppy as a dead fish too . 
  do you guys not have ` actual democracy ' ? 
  that sounds like a slogan for euthanasia clinic , even if euthanasia is n't a horrible way to go . 
  you could argue that by preaching their religion they are passively preaching hate toward jews , lgbt people and lesser values to women , that would come under hate speech . 
  if you believe that then obviously you 've never read a history book . 
  get rid of those muslim preachers while we are at it . 
  `` this err post err is err not for discussion eer in the eer franco-german empire eer '', 
  i think if any country in the world has the right to be hyperparonoid it 's israel, 
  the eu knew that greece and italy were fiddling/lying about their economies but they let them in anyway . 
  if the eu was sensible it would have just said `` ok you guys can join once you hit the requirements legitimately '', 
  this all has to be in spite for for some evil motive . 
  no leaders are this fucking incompetent . 
  i do n't think anyone does . 
  except the french who 'd just lap up whatever shit getmoney seems to spew . 
  saving greece by making it a debt slave to germany ? 
  lovely, 
  if they ca n't ruin this continent violently with fascism they 'll do so with diplomacy . 
  getmoney should just be redistributed among other european nations . 
  it 'll be interesting once there is a fucking caliphate on the continent . 
  what the fuck is going on ? 
  has everyone suddenly lost their minds ? 
  ah , fair enough , 
  and you do n't think europe is the same ? 
  gunna be a while for the united kingdom :( ( or is he going to to do the nations separately ? ), 
  either way , loved his languages channel and now i love this , 
  `` eat sleep fuck repeat '' : l, 
  he deleted his comment :(, 
  the republicans are also america 's right wing . 
  what gives ? 
   protect their culture ? 
  the duck are you talking about ? 
  look at the non-native demographics in europe . 
  sooner or later , in some parts of europe , the natives will be the minority . 
  you 're literally one of the most sparsely populated countries on the planet lol . 
  as a european i 'm pretty pissed at america for not doing it 's bit ( considering you lot basically invaded half this region and are funding the rebels in syria , thus prolonging the war ) , but if i was an american i would probably say yeah no thanks too . 
  you 're funding the rebels , thus prolonging the war . 
  european media is recently been going completely psycho and not even trying to hide the fact that they want to change public opinion . 
  but no , it 's only bad when ` the enemy ' does it . 
  oh that makes sense now , i misunderstood you before , 
  but ... you would n't have anyone from that region competing in the first place surely ? 
  surely it 's a european countries competition ? 
  i actually said 'til ' in real life once :(, 
  for me it 's morning reddit browsing , afternoon reddit browsing , evening reddit browsing , night reddit browsing :(, 
   `` publicly show an attitude contrary to the moral requirement to resolve one 's sexual identity problem according to the truth of one 's sex . '', 
  how about learning what gid and mental health is you fucking pedophilic nazi-lovers . 
  well then if we and other euroskeptic parties leave you guys can go full federalisation . 
  i find the defence of the eu and euro funny then . 
  `` it 's not working cause we have n't done it properly yet ! '', 
  was federalisation on the minds of those who initially founded the eec ? 
  he can keep his french and his fancy silent letters and stuff . 
  also , you 're up late ,
