  she 's caused more harm over this crisis than helped . 
  if you want all these syrian refugees , by all means have them - but wanting to keep border controls to prevent these guys from getting to germany , whilst telling them to all come to germany , * whilst * not helping the hungarians or austrians with the refugees in their countries is just retarded policy . 
  what do germans see in her ? 
  i do n't want to be disingenuous , but from what i 'm hearing is that outside of germany she is incredibly unpopular . 
  that entire argument is completely redundant because you ca n't make future generations pay for what their ancestors did . 
  we did n't do it , yet we should be punished for it ? 
  also , i 'm pretty sure the enclosed nature of the oxbridge intellectuals have no understanding that their views are only held within their circles . 
  there is no major diplomatic gain for giving reparations . 
  if india openly wanted it , and the british public wanted it , it would probably happen . 
  two years of your time , especially at the age where you 've got lots going on ( starting a career , education , etc ) seems just too extreme and can potentially ruin your plans and put your life on hold for a while . 
  you said that the uk has taken amongst the lowest number of refugees , yet the uk has taken more than germany within the last decade . 
  i see you around this sub a lot recently , and it seems like you wo n't be happy unless the uk imports the entire syrian population or something , and you seem to think that anyone who is unhappy with all this is a racist or something . 
  do you not think we ( as in the uk ) should sort out or own unemployed first before scouting for more workers ? 
  i still do n't believe that our wages , or german wages will improve when they are all basing off of the lowest common wages possible . 
  it 's not possible to live a first world lifestyle on the wages that some of these economic migrants take , and business will higher what is most profitable for them . 
  why hire a native who wants/needs # 10 an hour when you can higher a migrant who 'll work for minimum wage ? 
  why should i have to have a worse life than my parents because we have to complete with the entire world ? 
  exactly . 
  i wonder if she feels any shame , assuming she 's not a robot . 
  i 'm sure poland is much nicer than people seem to make it out to be . 
  having said that there is a stereotype here that all your baristas/plumbers etc will all be polish , so i take it that has some truth that poland 's economy is n't that great at least compared to the uk 's, 
  by a whole 0.2 % !, 
  shocking !, 
  anyway , i was n't talking about population rates , simply the fall in wages and increase in competition . 
  and beneficial to business , big and small alike , but not to the people . 
  you guys have conscription ? 
  why ? 
  well not for all things . 
  we ca n't exactly just use human slaves to ` throw ' rockets into orbit . 
  it 'll help business , but regular germans should expect their wages to drop immensely since these migrant folks will work for a fifth of a german national and live 10 to a room . 
  good for business good for people my ass . 
  they 're not refugees anymore . 
  hungary is n't a warzone , now they are just shopping for the best benefits/meeting family members, 
  probably not in poland i think was what he was getting at . 
  it looks nicer than my old house . 
  google maps needs to start putting an ` avoid refugee migration routes ' soom . 
  you were given the answer , but you seem to refuse to except it . 
  maybe step down from your false-moral tower and go house some refugees yourself in your home then cause we do n't seem to be doing enough in your opinion . 
  but you wo n't , will you . 
  i hate people who hold this white guilt/empire guilt shit . 
  people seem to forget every civilisation has done their fair share of shit but apparently only westerners are to blame . 
  how about you accept refugees into your home then ? 
  maybe go down to hungary yourself to help them ? 
  nah ` course not , you 're happy in your little enclosed posh hyper - ` progressive ' mind . 
  you have a big stupid mouth , but if you 're going to spurt such shit go help them yourselves . 
  stop buying clothes , iphones , they were made by near-slave labour probably . 
  your existence as a westerner comes at the expense of others . 
  either accept that , or forgo your privileges . 
  yes blame modern brits for the empire , which for all the shit it did , did quite a few good things ( infrastructure , installing modern democratic institutions , banning the caste system in india ) should we hate modern germans for naziism ? 
  what about modern italians for the romans ? 
  of course not . 
  grow up and stop hating the country that birthed , raised and educated you . 
  nah , like all politicians she 'll be thrown out of office , write books and make speeches blaming the masses whilst making millions , and we the people will just elect another scumbag to do the same . 
  do n't worry , we hate our european media as well . 
  i had to just turn off sky news ( murdoch owned broadcaster here in the uk ) after they kept wheeling on sociologist after arab think tank speaker basically saying that the uk and other eu nations who are n't ` taking in enough ' should be shamed/called racist/xenophobic and all sorts of other crap and with all the other shit in the news i just refuse to watch it because it just starts to depress me . 
  i 've already got enough personal worries in my life , and now we 're expected to worry about the world . 
  in the decades to come something fucking radical needs to happen . 
  the me and africa needs to become utopias with low birth rates , climate change needs to just magically disappear or people start leading widespread revolts against their governments for causing all these issues to begin with . 
  as per usual , the elite caused the problems , and in this situation , regular syrians and europeans alike have to suffer . 
  illegal immigrants/refugees/migrants whatever we 're calling them now are n't our enemies , our enemies have always been the rulers above . 
  society needs to start functioning from the bottom up , not from the top down . 
  merkel said they could . 
  merkel is to blame for making this shit worse than it needs to be . 
  telling syrians that they are all welcome in germany and then providing no fucking help to those trying to get there whilst letting the austrians and hungarians deal with it all . 
  meh , i think i think like this because of how i regard fifa and ` big football ' in general . 
  bribes and brazil and stuff . 
  meh , i think we 're just looking at it from different perspectives , i do n't think either of us is wrong . 
  just seems kind of tasteless to attempt to profit from a crisis . 
  / r/syria we 're just trading populations, 
  scouting potential footballers from syrian refugees ? 
  even if we got passed the stage of post-scarcity we 'd still be fighting over religions/social and political ideologies \u00b0 \u03c9 \u00b0, 
  it was rhetorical but yeah thats a reason, 
  [  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=znau8ixrviu ), 
   i 'm pretty sure almost everyone in their twenties considers themselves an idealistic , liberal/progressive . 
  age and experience has a funny way of correcting that idealism . 
  i do n't necessarily think idealism is bad , but at some point it must be tempered by reality . 
  that 's the unfortunate reality . 
  best we can do is think positively , do n't fall for rhetoric , left or right wing , make up our own minds and act/vote accordingly . 
  even with the news when i find a story i 'm really interested about ( such as the migrants crisis ) i 'll look at a left wing slant and a right wing slant and then make my own mind up , probably the most healthy way to do things . 
  also i try not to always read things i already agree with , echo chambers are n't healthy for an open mind . 
   it certainly would be nice if we all lived in utopia , but that just is n't the case . 
  fitting that utopia actually means `` no such place '' . 
  yup , even if it was possible , my utopia is some weird technological transhumanistic workers happy bunny paradise where no one has to work cause robots do it and everyone pursues whatever they want with all their free time . 
  my utopia is n't the same utopia of a neo nazi or a communist or a corporatist etc. 
  unfortunately life is n't a utopia :p, 
   makes sense , follows on from what the eu is doing https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1tqhuf5wmlg, 
  natural migration of peoples is awesome . 
  it 's safe and it does n't cause many if any issues . 
  forcing loads of different people together and then making them get along is n't good . 
  see czechoslovakia as an example . 
  i do n't oppose immigration one bit , but it has to be natural . 
  i would prefer if the smuggling networks magically became snuggling networks . 
  maybe i should just spend less time reading about it , it only depresses me . 
  cute username by the way , 
  integration is integrating immigrants into the host countries values , culture , religion ( if applicable ) , laws and language . 
  integration and cosmopolitanism is good . 
  it 's what 's made my capital london fucking epic . 
  it 's why i can go get chinese food at 2am in my ` idgaf ' netflix outfit after watching a lebanese performance all night . 
  take the best bits from all cultures and make something beautiful . 
  multiculturalism is lets put lots of people with different world views together in one room and start a fight .
