  but do two lefts make a right ? 
  or just fullcommunism, 
  i think we all secretly hate bitter and grimace at the thought of it , but we have to keep up appearances and pretend like its the best thing . 
  maybe you 're right but i do n't want to start flaming unless i know for sure :p, 
  oh , i read it as being tongue in cheek . 
  huh ? 
  how is he being a cunt ? 
  oh british english is still a thing . 
  i refuse to spell armour ` armor ' , honour ` honor ' and civilisation ` civilization ' :p, 
  i would argue europe and maybe the rest of the west in general is more globalised than the rest of the world . 
  it 's not like other countries have higher levels of immigration population than us . 
  korea/japan/china / india/brasil ? / russia/indonesia all have pretty low immigrant populations , though i do n't know if its down to our immigration policies compared to our countries ' wealth . 
  korea and japan would be hot immigrant destinations if it was n't for their policies . 
   how americanised is your country ? 
  probably the most ` americanised ' country in europe ... maybe ? 
   in what ways is it americanised ? 
  lots of imported american media , franchises , american slang is sometimes adopted . 
  honestly i could n't give you specifics but i just feel like we are the most ` american-y ' compared to the continent . 
   how do you feel about it ? 
  eh , i do n't really have any attachment to my country so i really do n't mind/care . 
   general thoughts on americanisation ? 
  it 's to be expected with the whole pax americana thing . 
  they need to up their tourism and culture production if they want to win a cultural victory and make us all wear their blue jeans . 
  new zealand best anglobro < 3, 
  they put the statue of liberty on the english learning part :'(, 
   are n't grizzly bear 's just brown bears or do you want some sort of special status now too . 
  you bloody racist :'( * slaps with salmon *, 
   she 's still very popular here and most people support her way to handle the refugee crisis . 
  your media must brownnose your state to hell and back if this is the case . 
  thank merkel ~ ~ doot doot ~ ~ migrant migrant, 
  \\  mfw english is spoken as the world 's language bridge rather than le fransay ~, 
  what about us grizzlys !, 
  depending on the intensity of the fire , it might just melt before though ? 
  you 're just an earthist , are n't you ? 
  are jovians and martians not having rights a good thing for you ? 
  hmph . 
  that 's a bit of a bad analogy though , ice cubes will eventually melt and beat the fire . 
  not norway too :(, 
  ` cultured schools ' cause swedes obviously have no culture . 
  horseshoe theory  . 
  :d glad you liked it !, 
  europe , the same continent that once controlled the majority of the world , invented most of the things you use today ? 
  if you 're a yank your country would even exist if it was n't for us . 
  we enjoy them too here in europe , just with heavy restrictions . 
  in return for that small price , we have some of the lowest gun crime rates in the world . 
  [ true love - eiv\u00f8r p\u00e1lsd\u00f3ttir ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yjl39pfjmxm ) not from my home country , but this faroese singer has been a slight obsession of mine ( not in a ricardo l\u00f3pez - bj\u00f6rk kind of way ! ), 
  ever since i listened to trollabundin a year or two ago . 
  she makes me want to visit the faroes !, 
  a solution to what exactly ? 
  aside from the protecting yourself from bears in the wild and trying to overthrow a dictatorship ( by the way , a few redneck militias against the most funded , advanced military in the world , yeah a dictatorship would win , good luck overthrowing that ) what benefits to guns bring ? 
  transgender people , other men , too . 
  basically anyone . 
  sharia law does n't fuck around . 
  i 've had the ` pleasure ' to speak to his yank hide before . 
  he thinks he knows europe more than us europeans , and he 's incredibly talented at mental gymnastics . 
  [ yeah , facts are n't propaganda ] ( https://gyazo.com/9446a157c07836ea3b84363487f5640c ) you guys have a fucking gun problem . 
  accept it . 
  radical dude , got my 401k all set up man !, 
  uhh , patriotism !, 
  thanks : , 
  still fucking asians . 
   what are you talking about ? 
  polls have shown that germany is pretty much the favorite country in europe and the world . 
  uhh , need a source on that friend . 
  ... orientals are a sub group of asians . 
   le thread \u00e7los\u00e8e , op est l'banned\u00e9 hon hon hon yup 100 % french right there, 
  oh god . 
  do n't let d'clauzel see this . 
  which is why islam , like christianity , needs to eradicate the backwards backs of their beliefs . 
  i 'm sorry for assuming that fgm was exclusively a muslim thing though , i take that back . 
  well it 's the eu that allowed it to happen . 
  i do n't blame polish people for leaving their own country to get a better standard of living though . 
  i am one the right too , but on the right that is n't guido fawkes and dm comments . 
  both sides have bad apples . 
  how would you know that if they ca n't say it ? 
  that would be like me saying `` many muslims are jihadists but they wo n't say it because they 'd be arrested '' it 's a retarded comment . 
  a united country is a wealthy country . 
  it 's why i get annoyed at the eu , poland could be on par with the uk or germany , but because of the colossal brain and skill drain happening there , is the reason some of these countries are stagnant . 
  zizek seems to be pretty controversial here at least within right wing circles . 
  he can point out the issues that the right points out , but his solution is less capitalism not more . 
  indeed . 
  at least transgender people are somewhat pleased . 
  yeah . 
  gender dysphoria is horrific enough and then forcing someone and making them gender dysphoric would be a nightmare . 
  last time i checked even the most hardcore christians do n't commit fgm and stone people . 
   in most muslim majority countries women and men are % 100 equal against the law . 
  they can wear whatever they want . 
  there is sexism in the society but it 's getting better . 
  i 'm about to go eat so i ca n't really find stats to prove or disprove that , so i 'll ignore it for now . 
   fgm is strictly an african problem , i 've never even heard of it before . 
  people here do n't even know what it is . 
  well that 's good for you guys in turkey , but it 's not a strictly african problem [ when it happens right here in the uk ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/society/2014/feb/06/female-genital-mutilation-foreign-crime-common-uk ) . 
  the fact that i know what fgm is in a country with a christian history and you do n't in a country with a muslim history is quite worrying . 
   syria does n't have sharia law and stonings . 
  again this is not happening in the most muslim majority countries . 
  i 'll admit that i know stonings only tend to happen in the biggest of shit holes , but there have been studies done here that there are some unofficial sharia courts here , and even though uk law overrides it , it 's still no bueno . 
   in iran , state health services provides transgender surgeries . 
  as a transgender person myself i found out and was quite proud of iran about it until i found out they also forcefully castrate gay men . 
  basically . 
  i really want to not having negative opinions about islam or anyone from an islamic country , but with the news droning out stories about islam ( i had a lazy saturday and tallied that 1 in 4 stories shown here had islam or an islamic country involved , and this was prior to the refugee crisis , and now it 's almost half ) and hear what kind of shit some muslims believe and do it just makes me feel quite paranoid , for better or for worse .
