  but you wo n't get cushie welfare in turkey . 
  i do n't why people are downvoting you . 
  i 've always thought that the uk ( and maybe ireland , though i 've never been there ) have more in common with us/can/aus / nz than we do with the continent . 
  because according to / u/bobzer if you want less immigration or dislike the eu you 're literally a neo-nazi . 
  uhh, 
  blair is a bit of a war criminal tho . 
  hey merkel , here 's a ` refugee crisis ' for you ( \u00b0 \u035c\u0296\u0361 \u00b0 ) \u256d \u2229 \u256e, 
  we should build migrant camps in the arctic . 
  the penguins can help us too . 
   it honestly makes me depressed because if everyone has the same feelings the european union will be dead soon . 
  considering how fucking useless it is and how anti-democratic it is , it needs to burn . 
  trying to find excuses not to kill myself . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  not to mention basically 0 % interest rates . 
  i remember my parents talking about how their interest rate on their first place was like 5-15 % ( ca n't remember exactly ), 
  i said this to someone else , but that 's pretty subjective . 
  london and ` the north ' are typically complete shite , but i quite like my upper-middle class leafy southern suburbia life . 
  pretty outfits the girls have on too . 
  try the south east . 
  takes me two hours on a normal day to travel 10 miles into london . 
  totally . 
  yay !, 
  the pm wanted to airstrike the syrian government , but he was shut down by his own parliament . 
  nice try swedish spy !, 
  britain can into nordic !, 
  `` oh i wonder where the uk is according to wikipedia ! '', 
  wikipedia : \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  hey , we can be nordic if we want !, 
  so satisfying . 
  to australia with the treasonous !, 
  our economy is doing pretty grand all things considered . 
  we had the world 's biggest empire . 
  that seems to be enough for some people to dislike us . 
  that 's pretty subjective, 
  by citizenship only , i presume . 
  it 's just a prank bro !, 
  well not compared to turkey / s, 
  trust me , lots of people in the uk resent our shitty drinking culture . 
  good luck with that mate . 
  we all know how well mass immigration is working for you . 
  if you think that quote is racist then you need a reality check . 
  99 % of people who object to this all do n't give a toss about peoples races . 
  i object to widespread uncontrolled immigration and i do n't care if the immigrants are black , white , or anything in between . 
  yeah i 'm not sure if this person is a troll or just completely wacko . 
  men can be raped by other men , yes . 
   i do n't believe is a thing ( erection is implied consent ) so say for example a man wakes up with morning wood , he is now technically consenting to any sexual acts that happen while that erection is there ? 
  men get random erections all the time . 
  forcing a man to have sex with you ( as a woman ) is also rape . 
  can men never rape other men in your completely stupid head ? 
  i think he thinks that because native swedish ancestors were vikings they 're pussies for seeking rape help . 
  til abortion rights and suffrage 100 years ago is `` i want free shits '', 
   ( also those fuckers destroyed fedora fashion , it was so stylish in photos from pre war murrica ) when you have a neckbeard and are 200lbs overweight nothing looks good on you . 
  huh ? 
   we are a non-profit organisation independent of party politics , the unions and religion that works for an open , positive view of sex and relationship issues . 
  http://www.rfsu.se/en/engelska/about-rfsu/our-responsibility/this-is-rfsu/ it does n't say they 're a feminist organisation . 
  both men and women get raped , albeit women are more likely to be raped , but that does n't justify not helping male rape victims . 
  rapists and pedophiles ( who can be seen as the lowest of the low among prisoners ) are usually isolated and for good reason . 
  thing is with islamic extremism is that you ca n't kill an idea . 
  trust me , once isis is dealt with another group with popup . 
  they never directly asked us if we wanted to bomb these places . 
  i 'd have certainly have said no . 
  that 's pretty awesome actually , must be pretty nice for aviation enthusiasts/photographers ( assuming it 's legal to take footage/photos of them in training ), 
  hey !, 
  stop staring at her eurozone !, 
  these guys need to chill out a bit . 
  what i find funny is that come monday they all go back to their civilised office jobs again :p, 
  yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah 8 ), 
  she 's not thaaat bad :p, 
  if russia thought it could win we 'd all be living a nuclear holocaust . 
  australia , canada , new zealand ? 
  i 'd argue those three are more stable than europe . 
  even more than judaism ? 
  thank you for being one of the few i see on reddit ( and unfortunately in the wider internet/outside ) with sensible views . 
  `` i can cherry pick and then claim them as fact '' . 
  just goes to show that the enemy of my enemy is not always my friend . 
  oh , i did n't see that until now . 
  carry on :p, 
  why so vapid ? 
  double yes . 
  it annoys the heck out of me . 
  `` lots of these muslims hate lgbt people , therefore you should be against them '' i am against their homo/transphobia , but i 'm also against nazis who espouse the same thing . 
  thank you . 
  the polarisation is fucking demonstrable . 
  i already blame the eu for being completely fucking useless at dealing with europe-wide issues . 
  considering ` we 're all in this together ' as they say , they are n't doing a good job . 
  infact the eu is probably doing more harm than good . 
  i 'm sure anglo-french relations have n't gotten better during the calais problem . 
  i do n't and will never blame them for making the decision to migrate . 
  most opportunistic people would do the exact same . 
  i just fear that if a solution is n't given to all this soon people are just going to get more and more annoyed . 
  implying that the balkans are worse than turkey ? 
  issue is , what are we supposed to do ? 
  i do n't blame refugees or economic migrants for coming to europe , as i would do the same given the situation they are in , but if we keep taking people , they will keep coming . 
  it 's not like the situation in their countries are going to get better for the forseeable future . 
  we 're just joking around and poking fun at the same time . 
  hi grease / s, 
   because they 're young , progressive i 'm sure they would n't care about me being a lesbian / s truth be told people are fleeing violence . 
  if you 're a refugee you are supposed to go to the first country that 'll take you and that is safe , not if ` it 's progressive or not ', 
  it assumes that people who upvote the thread might only comment once . 
  but that would be cultural appropriation / s,
