  i 'm laughing too , i have no idea what he 's on about . 
  does n't matter that only the remnants of the empire remain , the fact that it happened and the influence it had means us brits are going down in history and are staying there for a long arse time , 
  this a million times and it really irks me when people confuse the two . 
  unfortunately for you polish diaspora is one of the largest in the world , so lots of your fellow poles disagree with you . 
  [ uh oh ] ( http://d.europe.newsweek.com/en/full/16608/france-democracy-authoritarianism-hollande.jpg?w=752 ), 
  oh mai gawd , like , your accent . 
  * what was that ? 
  you wanted some french toast ? 
  can not understand you . 
  easy there hon hon , we do n't rape kids , we elect people to do it for us since we 're to busy queuing . 
  i do n't drink ` hot ' tea at all , so i probably lower the average . 
  sorry guys :(, 
  sorry , am syrian migrant . 
  mfw the building down the road from me is twice as old as your entire nation :\\ ^ ), 
  you have carpet in your hallway ? 
  d : we have wood in the hall , tile in the kitchen and bathroom , concrete in the garage and carpet everywhere else . 
  well you guys are basically just a mutation of us anyway . 
  where do you live ? 
  here in the south east like one in every 10 people i see smoke . 
  your walmart sammies look better than waitrose sammies . 
  :( waitrose is like the posh peoples supermarket here . 
  totally . 
  i buy packets of miso soup in bulk and i take a bread roll with the soup in a thermos for lunch . 
  probably costs me like 50p in total a day for lunch  uber healthy too , and surprisingly filling . 
  s-so ... triggered :(  we already have american english and australian english . 
  to be honest australian english is less used than english english . 
  b-baka !, 
  we 're still here guys , i-it 's not like we want you to trade with us or anything :(, 
  empire britannia ii first stop : israel . 
  it 's not eastern poland . 
  like polish comedy, 
  the me would be a wonderful place if it was n't for all the uhh , super crazy islam and dictators . 
  looks like a lot to read , lets see what i find  thanks !, 
  got any resources i can take a peek at ? 
  what branch ( type ? ), 
  of paganism do you adhere to ? 
  germanic ? 
  etc ? 
  seems interesting . 
  had a pagan come to my door offering to take me into the woods for some event . 
  i wonder what you folks get up to . 
  for me personally as a woman and an lgbt person i do n't even care that much of the economic aspect personally , i care and worry deeply about the social and cultural aspect . 
  i 'd rather have illegal south american immigrants than the middle east lot we have to deal with . 
  i prefer mine on a slice of farage fruitcake with a pint on the side . 
  no please continue . 
  his ass, 
  lower finland, 
  do n't make me go napoleon on your hides :(, 
  `` air guitars ace of spades '', 
  * dramatic hand gestures *, 
  / u/letsgotovalhala still thinks he 's a viking : , 
  oh my rigatoni , you got him there . 
  all italians are smelly unemployed hairy people completely full of themselves and their language who eat nothing but their overrated meals that are all basically just different combinations of cheese , pasta and tomatoes . 
  oh , am i not allowed to generalise/stereotype ? 
  or just you ? 
  if you want i think you can apologise for the roman invasion of my fair isles . 
  i 've seen it here in the uk too , but mainly appropriation of celtic stuff or pre-christian symbolism . 
  shame really , since they look really cool , both norse and celtic . 
  people are stupid and care about things that really do n't affect them . 
  \\  mrw no empire, 
  i 'll totally drop what i said simply because i forgot the r. :p, 
   na\u00efvet\u00e9 your spelling is astounding . 
  as a ` faggot ' and a ` tranny ' , thank you , 
  til muslims are their own race . 
  it 's like being born in the uk is just a step to eventual emigration :p, 
  fuck turkey . 
  ( the vulture ), 
  maybe a world leader in gastric bands if they keep going down that route ;p, 
  companies pay high prices to have an office in london because it 's arguably the ** most important financial city in the world ** paired with new york . 
  us being in the eu is only part of that . 
  you also have some leftists who hate the fact that the left wing ca n't separate itself from mass immigration in the mainstream . 
  i would love a large welfare state but you ca n't have that unless you have strict immigration . 
  i think outside of the eu wide crisises she has been very popular at home . 
  honestly my main fear is that if we want to continue down the path of multiculturalism , we need to make clear , fair , defined lines that respect equality and equal rights for all , and other modern ideals that all cultures need to follow . 
  we need to all fit at a baseline to not clash . 
  like the clashes we are seeing right now . 
  yuppers . 
  i heavily disagree with european action on the migrant crisis , does n't mean i want to stab a politician in the neck or arson things . 
  surely someone donning an anarchist flag sees this as a good thing ? 
   the economic argument for scotland 's independence simply is n't there . 
  honestly i do n't know what economic argument they have outside of looking at hyper rich norway and going ` muh oil ', 
  yup . 
  london was a desolate wasteland prior to the eu 's creation / s, 
   you 're just a dude with a vote . 
   someone with an actual say in anything . 
  uhh . 
  is n't that basically what democracy is ? 
  sure an individual 's vote might not matter , but millions of individual votes matter tremendously . 
  why should it though ? 
  is n't it designed such that each member state has equal say ; little eesti has as much to say as big germany ? 
  someone needs to get that ` it 's happening ! ', 
  gif of ron paul and superimpose farage 's face on it . 
  things are doubleplus ungood ) :(, 
  i admire / u/soullink 's optimism and idealism , but a world devoid of all borders just is n't possible , at least for a long , long long time . 
  the world would have to be economically even , and the culture clash would be horrendous . 
  maybe it 's just me , but i do n't want all earth 's cultures to mash up into one . 
  that 's not be being racist , it just sounds boring as hell . 
  the lack of response by the eu to actually protect it 's outer borders as well as the greece crisis has pretty much killed any idea of a pan-national superstate . 
  which should be a shot in the heart to any federalist . 
  i mean this sub circa a year ago was hyper pro eu and we were all joking about what name we should give our glorious federalised eu and now this .
