  is n't he the rammstein frontrunner ? 
  not to be disingenuous , but why is israel in this ? 
  what on earth is european about israel ? 
  not just islam , but tribalism too . 
  survation was pretty accurate when it came to the ge , the rest were a bit crappy though . 
  he 's just butthurt that french is n't the worlds language bridge , 
  le hon , hon hon , onion , baguette , l\u00e9 bantre * i believe they call it banter . 
  fuck democracy amirite, 
  i 'm sure you do when it 's in favour of your view though . 
  waiting \\ o /, 
  well libya was a more peaceful place under gaddafi . 
  yeah it 's fine . 
  i think if you want people to work in lesser paid jobs the cost of living needs to come down . 
  u wot m9 ? 
  yeah well i inject ethanol, 
  thanks putin too . 
  both the us/eu and russia backs the rebels and the assad loyalists respectively , making the war much worse than it should be . 
  and do n't forget the backers in the me . 
  so dare i say they 're national socialists ? 
  my apologies for wanting to own my own house one day . 
  idiot . 
  yeah ^ ^ i 'm reading about your language and it 's unique alphabet now actually . 
  i 'm a big language nerd , so its interesting to me . 
  ah , i did n't know that . 
  : / i 'm sorry i do n't know much about armenia ( or any other countries in western asia ) , but its always interesting to learn more about the world . 
  i wonder if it 's true then . 
  pay 15k for what exactly ? 
  if this is the case , it 's smart , but fucked up , like lots of humanities history :p, 
  same goes with the uk and i 'm sure most eu countries . 
  i 'd gladly see the uk take more genuine refugees , but those here for economic purposes can go else where . 
  i do n't blame them for doing it , but it 's not our problem . 
  okay , i 'll reply to ya . 
   seriously ? 
  you ( not you personally ) rape a country for 300 years and then pat yourself on the back because they turned out to be democratic ? 
  which country did we ` rape ' for 300 years ? 
   the railways and the other infrastructure was entirely paid out of the pockets of native people and the proceeds and contracts went to the companies of the empire . 
  okay , i already acknowledge that . 
  just because i spoke about some of the ` not bad ' bits of imperialism does n't mean i did n't think european empires were god awful for some . 
   the whole thing cost way too much that it should have and it was used to just pull stuff out of the country and into the uk . 
  not to help the common man . 
  reality check , no leader in history has acted on the interests of the common man . 
  the empire was a financial cash cow for the elite while regular britons were down the mines . 
  same thing applies to slavery . 
  it was n't ordinary whites who owned slaves , it was the landed-fucking-gentry . 
  ( oh , and the african tribal leaders who sold their own people to the whites in exchange for guns to go fight their own wars , bet you do n't read that in the history books )  there are a fuckload of countries where colonialism never happened and they still turned out to be democratic and have infrastructure . 
  millions did n't have to die . 
  i did n't claim that empire = democracy , just that some of these once colonies adopted democracy after they gained independence , democracy they lear n't from their old rulers . 
   i do n't care for making anyone who is alive now feel guilty for happened then . 
  but this type of bullshit arguments make light of what happened and completely whitewash the evils perpetuated . 
  i knew it was evil , never claimed it was n't , i just wanted to break the circlejerk of ` muh white oppressors ruined my country ' and using ` teh whites ' as every excuse for why their country is doing shit now . 
  aborigines in australia and native americans , should they want them , should be able to have their own nations . 
  i 'm not for their oppression now , nor was i for it during imperial days , but i ca n't change the past . 
  yeah . 
  only the future knows what 'll happen , 
  he 's a super super gay . 
  honestly i think the best situation is not to see sd get in , but sd scaring the other parties enough to adopt/change policies that are more sustainable/sensible . 
  heck the only reason people are talking about immigration and the eu in the uk is because of ukip . 
  i 've read things that say they are polling the highest , like 26 % . 
  could they technically form a government ? 
  what would sweden be like if that happened ? 
  yeah . 
  best we count our blessings as it could be worse i suppose . 
  man i would hate to be a swedish voter . 
  i mean i 'm not a swede so i do n't know what i 'm really talking about , but it seems to me you guys have lots of left wing parties who are all very similar , but any alternatives seem to be * too * far the other way if that makes sense . 
  lots of people seem to mistake ukip for being right authoritarians , but they are libertarians on policy . 
  is sd really a threat to the status quo ? 
  i hear they 're like a slightly more nationalistic version of the uk 's ukip , though i do n't know their stance on the eu as a whole . 
  ooh , well that 's good at least . 
  cmon sweden , germany is outdoing you guys right now :p, 
  do you guys have any bigger nations who can guarantee your safety if azerbaijan starts anything ? 
  ( i 'm completely new to this , so i dont know much about armenia or azerbaijan at all ), 
  i think the smugglers are partly to blame for their attitudes - these guys who are making a killing from the refugees act like parts of the eu are paved with gold and just hand out mansions . 
   one of the foundations of our capitalist societies is that we pay the debts of our ancestors . 
  i 'm pretty sure there is no ` guide to capitalism 101 ' that states such a thing . 
   that means nothing . 
  that 's why when you vote for someone they are your elected representatives and the actions they take are the countries ' actions . 
  i did n't vote for the conservatives . 
  the people in charge do n't represent me in parliament and around the world . 
   especially when you re-elect them after the wars they started . 
  again , never elected them . 
   you do n't get to ignore what happened because you do n't want to accept responsibility , grow up . 
  is a child born today , who has nothing to do with this at all , responsible for what is happening now ? 
  cause they 'll be the ones who 'll have to pay for it . 
   what i find disgusting is how people here do n't want to accept responsibility for their actions , easier to turn a blind eye to the results of the countries terrible foreign policies . 
  the public never asked for these wars , never asked for intervention ( at least in syria ) . 
  syria , like ukraine , korea , vietnam , have been/are all proxy wars ( just look at who 's funding who in ukraine/syria ) and you 'll see . 
  i do n't accept responsibility because it is n't my actions . 
  i do n't blame the syrians or any refugees , and would gladly take any genuine refugees , but i object to economic migrants . 
  because she still wants border controls so the migrants are n't legally allowed to travel and she is n't aiding the hungarians or austrians in bringing these guys to germany . 
  in terms of registering , the migrants refuse to get their fingers printed/throw away their documents so they ca n't be processed . 
  it 's all a big clusterfuck honestly . 
  [ shirtless putin on a horse is my fave ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2014/03/04/article-2571147-1c09343600000578-169_634x662.jpg ), 
  yeah . 
  i dont even agree with conscription unless a country is like at threat of an immediate invasion , and this conflict seems to be isolated , but you know more than me about it of course . 
   i see you around this sub a lot recently , and it seems like you wo n't be happy unless the uk imports the entire syrian population or something , and you seem to think that anyone who is unhappy with all this is a racist or something . 
  this . 
  what 's your position on the whole situation ? 
  [ well i found this ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/52b2febafc5.pdf ) and apparently the uk has only taken 187 , if it means we 'll get more in the future depends , but you were right according to this , so i 'll change my view . 
  now can you answer my question ? 
  you ca n't be serious .
