  thanks for more links !, 
  hm , pretty sure it says 12 gauge , not 12 mm . 
  but they looks pretty dangerous nevertheless . 
  thanks for the links !, 
  i 'm not accusing you of anything , you just got me curious . 
  thanks for the explanation !, 
  grammar is no problem ( i am phone as well ) . 
  so if i understand you correctly , the problem with this test is blocking katana with the sharp side/blade , and not the flat side , as it was done by the japanese ? 
   we did not see all that russia prepared for us . 
  and what would that be ? 
  what 's a car-stopping bullet ? 
  you got my gun curiosity, 
  i think the other poster was pointing at how turkey is not `` acting as russia ii '' , but rather as `` turkey 1.0 '' . 
  what * were * katanas designed for then , if not slashing ? 
  they do n't look like they 'd be good for stabbing due to curvature . 
  i 'll be keeping an eye on this thread, 
  this is great news !, 
  it 's what he 's most famous for . 
  that and his `` orthodoxy or death '' t-shirt . 
  thanks !, 
  bigots are a lot alike , no ? 
  he 's one of the main supporters of the current course , including embargo . 
  he 's a hypocrite . 
  my guess is quality . 
  but that 's just a guess . 
  milonov was one of the most vocal supporters of embargo . 
  fuck that ginger cuntbucket with a rusty anchor . 
  hypocritical asshole . 
  ah , understood . 
  thanks !, 
  happy birthday , lithuania !, 
  happy birthday , croatia !, 
  my , is this also kremlin 's doing ? 
  what does `` francais de souche '' mean ? 
  google translate was inconclusive, 
  estonia is nordic . 
  so i 've been told . 
  nope . 
  side note , how do you pronounce your username ? 
  i usually spell it `` happy to me '' in my head , but that does n't seem right . 
  he is . 
  it 's h2ppy . 
  i do think not allowing violence in general is a good idea , be it children , women , elderly , or able bodied men . 
  however , i also agree that creating new laws based on a single occurrence is not the best idea , as such laws may come out half-baked . 
  hope i 'm being clear . 
  i 'm no historian , and apologize for pretty much starting a flame itt . 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  well , i can still be glad children wo n't get beaten , i guess ? 
  i honestly doubt russian government back then was ever honest in calling serbs brothers . 
  it was an excuse , same as ww1 . 
  wow , so even * that * is russia 's fault somehow ? 
  bosnia and herzegovina , thankyouverymuch, 
  sounds about right, 
  i ca n't tell if the author likes or loathes putin . 
  well while i agree that legislation based on a single event is not the best idea ( we had those in my country ) , i doubt this was an isolated incident . 
  what do they define as contraception ? 
  because condoms are pretty easy to buy here . 
  any drug store has a selection . 
  sounds pretty cool, 
  happy birthday , serbia !, 
  russia has no age !, 
  oh , my bad , thanks . 
  thought you meant karelia for a second . 
  cheers !, 
  thanks , you 're good people . 
  and maybe the downvoter thought i was sarcastic ? 
  or it was an accident ? 
  does n't really matter tbh . 
  okay . 
  gon na go feel bad now . 
  what land ? 
  are they ? 
  i must 've missed the memo, 
  is it bad that i laughed ? 
  i 'm just curious how kiselev and co will try to twist it . 
  fucking hilarious is what it is . 
  good job y' all !, 
  now that 's the kinda news i like to wake up to . 
  good job , everyone !, 
  good job , lithuania, 
  what about the pigeons ? 
  * he 's making a list and checking it twice * okay , i 'll bite . 
  what agenda do you mean ? 
  may i suggest _ gopnik _ as a translation ? 
  okay , i chuckled . 
  got me . 
  well yeah , but i was curious about the arguments , since uk is pretty dang european last i checked, 
  this is your brain on mccarthyism, 
  could you explain why ? 
  ah , that makes sense , thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  totes, 
  thanks !, 
  supposedly it was in the secret part of trump 's briefing . 
  supposedly . 
  may i ask a somewhat unrelated question ? 
  since you mentioned those ships , were you for or against that sale ? 
  looks good, 
  who and why is a weasel ? 
  worth it,
