  it is ? 
  whaddaya know , there * is * something we do better than nordics !, 
  been nice knowing y' all, 
  you 're being rhetorical , but i have indeed heard of people who consider ifv to be unnatural, 
  worst kvas ever, 
  we are enemies now, 
   not gaz do you even pobeda , bro ? 
   your score : 57 % ( 23 points out of 40 ) so close , yet so far, 
  i 'm no expert , but i heard chainsaws are pretty crap at cutting flesh . 
  plus i 'm guessing the victim would try to escape . 
  it 's been nice knowing you fellas . 
  see you on the other side of the firewall . 
  dude has fantasies , give him some slack, 
  why t-55 ? 
  the policeman must be traumatized for life now, 
  do you ? 
  he should look in the mirror more often, 
  why are we yelling ? 
  if you look at the cases , `` assault '' usually means `` pushed a bit against the vest '', 
  well ussr fell apart , so, 
  definitely agree on not getting too caught by the charm , we know too well how that works out . 
  what is it i am seeing ? 
  is the love for macron gone ? 
  are there cookies ? 
  what are you suggesting ? 
  sadly , no . 
  but it makes sense, 
  tell that to tibet, 
  you ask me , we 're not concerned enough about china, 
  that 's rather clever . 
  aye , burning cars kinda cued to that, 
  thanks !, 
  as usual, 
  aye , thanks for the correction, 
  guess you 're right, 
  guess so, 
  well alrighty, 
  ah , right , my bad . 
  thanks !, 
  guess you 're right, 
  that 's one determined bus, 
  that 's how you roman, 
  first they came for bourbon , but i did not speak out, 
  that 's a neat story !, 
  got ta feel bad for the car owner, 
  is n't trump anti-globalist ? 
  what is it with soros hatred ? 
  just read that books his foundation donated were confiscated from a library in russia . 
  why tho hate ? 
  did n't we have a `` what do you know about albania '' recently ? 
  digging the picture in the thumbnail, 
  thanks for the explanation, 
  that 's fascinating !, 
  that depends, 
  you win some , you lose some, 
  what ? 
  so that 's who monkey paw-d us !, 
  what makes you think i do n't have a problem with m-r pact or beria ? 
  you do n't . 
  as for the other point , joining germans during the war would constitute collaboration . 
  while i understand the situation was hardly black and white , i will not approve of nazi collaboration . 
  nice !, 
  that metronome was cool looking too , shame i did n't get to see it move, 
  they emigrated though, 
  good point, 
  i 'd say we did n't want them back then either , but there was a risk ichkeria ( that 's what they called it ) would fester into a full blown islamist state and that 's not something you want near your borders . 
  besides , the ones in germany likely emigrated under their own volition . 
  they probably did n't want to stay . 
  seventh day is today , so far it 's been sunny . 
  the thought definitely crossed my mind though, 
  no fucks given, 
  magnificent, 
  looks a bit like a nuclear mushroom cloud, 
  do they actually use it ? 
  rostekh says they bought turbines on a secondary market, 
  romans sure loved their arcs, 
  please do n't, 
  not sure what that fellow is about , but i 've seen people argue that russia ca n't call itself rus due to being a successor to golden horde , and real rus and russians are ukraine and ukrainians respectively . 
  said person was a kook though , so take it with a grain of salt . 
  did n't it get taken down ? 
  with a giant metronome put in place ? 
  how about [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/q2iembcky7k ) ? 
  tsargrad tv offering any gay person who comes out a free ticket out of country . 
  actually , have the [ whole ] ( https://meduza.io/slides/chetyre-goda-gosudarstvennoy-gomofobii-v-rossii-uvolnyayut-unizhayut-izbivayut-pytayut-i-ubivayut-gomoseksualov-i-transgenderov ) list . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  apparently you 're right !, 
  dude , gross, 
  thank you !, 
  it says it 's called russo-asian bank . 
  built in 1890-1893 as an apartment building , it was remade into a bank in xx century . 
  amen to that, 
  jan hus and his uprising were my favorite topics in school . 
  did his monument in prague get cleaned ? 
  that 's a sensible decision, 
  same . 
  either those or an analogue, 
  i 'm gon na be that guy and say she 's pretty cute, 
  indeed !, 
  i , for instance , am an angry adult !, 
  you 're right .
