  or maybe it just hides better, 
  i 've read 5k somewhere , but do n't quote me on that, 
  sounds amazing , thank you for the explanation !, 
  well that 's something, 
  you 're right , of course, 
  woo , no homework !, 
  which means they get combat experience . 
  as is what i 've said originally, 
  what 's the festival about ? 
  horseback riding ? 
  doubt police presence will become completely unnecessary , given the rising popularity of truck attacks . 
  diplomacy is so strange at times, 
  not sure why people would think it was easier . 
  sitting in my comfy heated office i dread at the thought of all back breaking labour these people endured, 
  but are they officially at war ? 
  maybe they would help with logistics ? 
  ask usa, 
  cool stuff . 
  wonder what life there was like, 
  talks politics !, 
  drunk tourists in turkey say hello, 
  such is life, 
  do n't ask , do n't tell, 
  ... yeah , probably, 
  could n't get boolets , my brother got a clip for his birthday . 
  you know the rules, 
  new evidence maybe ? 
  it 's pretty cool, 
  while there 's definitely a connection between those , i would n't call them absolutely depending on each other . 
  dude has more than enough connections to stay afloat even after retirement . 
  and as for safety , i doubt he would be any less safe than now . 
  who would want to kill a former president ? 
  and what for ? 
  who does n't though ? 
  why do they call it new anti-semitism ? 
  there 's nothing new about it . 
  thanks , mate !, 
  okay , i got nothing . 
  what 's up ? 
  the emperor protects, 
  dat road quality , i wan na cry, 
  that actually sounds like a legit theory, 
  shitheadery knows no bounds, 
  ca n't watch atm ( mobile ) , but i 'm guessing he 's either from caucasus , related to local government or simply has n't been caught yet . 
  i understand it might be shocking , and it probably should be , but it 's not news to me . 
  funny you should mention window tint !, 
  that also got heavily penalized a few years ago . 
  there were police patrols inspecting cars and sometimes even ripping the tint film on the spot . 
  and even then you would see cars tinted to near pitch black that nobody stopped . 
  well , you 're not wrong for sure . 
  guess i 'm just trying to be optimistic, 
  thank you for an elaborate response !, 
  it is indeed a curious case . 
  tbf i have n't seen that many cars with covered numbers in my city , pretty much none at all . 
  dirty as fuck , sure , but outright covered ? 
  does n't pop to mind . 
  that said , people who do that either do n't get reported or get away with it due to connections . 
  thanks for the explanation !, 
  okay , allow me to paraphrase . 
  does this decision mean putting religious law above that of state ? 
  he is n't , but i 'm convinced he should n't have returned in 2012, 
  he was pretty squirmish when asked if he was gon na run in 2018 , there was a chance he was gon na retire . 
  dude 's not exactly young, 
  what the fuck , ollie ? 
  dang it , italy , even your penal colonies are beautiful , how the heck do you do it ? 
  wait , would n't that decision mean putting religious practices over the law ? 
  i 'm open for hugs . 
  no homo . 
  like what ? 
  have n't seen any, 
  it is illegal . 
  as is having number plate so dirty , it becomes unreadable . 
  most of the groups you mentioned were and are well integrated . 
  i worked with several people , who emigrated from ukraine in early 00 's , and would n't be able to tell they were n't natives , unless specifically told . 
  on the other hand , migrants from eastern and southern states tend to stick together . 
  i do n't want to be an alarmist and cry about parallel societies , but it 'll definitely have an effect in the future, 
  it will change cultural and ethnic composition , which will lead to changes of policies, 
  me neither , tbh, 
  do n't quote me on this , but i 'm pretty sure lada is ran by foreigners . 
  as for presence abroad , that 's not exactly surprising , i mean , you can buy cheaper cars with the same quality in europe , plus maintenance is easier when the manufacturing is nearby, 
  cheer up . 
  as long as russia exists , britain will never be the most hated country in europe, 
  do n't remember this show, 
  algae food ? 
  could be cool, 
  chechens and uzbeks are currently filling that role, 
  it 's easier to import japanese cars in vladivostok , probably cheaper than getting cars from `` the mainland '' . 
  as for your question , ladas are definitely popular . 
  while their quality remains a butt of many jokes , compared to foreign cars , some are actually pretty good for their money . 
  iirc , lada x-ray is 15th most sold car of the last year, 
  how strange , figured it 'd be kia, 
  so relatable , it hurts . 
  stay strong , poland, 
  i 'm gon na make like a batman and smoke bomb outta here, 
  dang , beat me to it, 
  good point . 
  still , after 25 years they could develop new ones, 
  tagiiiiiiil, 
  pretty much, 
  people were saying this unironically on a d-day thread as well .
