  let 's hope it 'll end within our lives then . 
  which in turn means they win even i 'd trade war wo n't happen !, 
  the movement into electricity is probably what they are . 
  they might have been the opposite type though , like ship turbines . 
  there 's this thing called `` joking '', 
  well you 're probably right about that, 
  let 's not be pessimistic, 
  why 's that ? 
  obviously !, 
  your post was unclear to me . 
  i 'm asking for clarification . 
  who they ? 
  everyone was forced into collectivization . 
  let 's not try to paint it as something unique , yea ? 
  cheers !, 
  pretty sure the occupation also happened before ww2 . 
  that 's the one i 'm talking about . 
  is it how it 's spelled in holland ? 
  would it though ? 
  it would mean switching to cheaper products for both, 
  aw , thought it might be a palace or something . 
  thanks !, 
  makes sense . 
  thought they might be water turbines, 
  i heard there used to be big cats all over the globe . 
  so there probably were indeed such leopards, 
  nice . 
  did you take the photo ? 
  somehow i feel in such a war the winner will be china, 
  that 's sad to hear, 
  what are those turbines useful for ? 
  no one will remember that . 
  just like nobody remembers baltics being occupied by germans , but everyone remembers ussr days . 
  yes , i 'm salty . 
  nice looking building . 
  what is it ? 
  to the one thing we share for certain !, 
  probably not the best choice of words , but after that law was passed , gay theme was all over the media , with members of the government and plain loonies all chiming in . 
  and given the general bileful tone of our media , is it really surprising where the sympathies went ? 
  do you think numbers would differ without the media campaign after the gay propaganda law ? 
  good question . 
  i want to say it would stop the war , but i ca n't be certain . 
  even without donbas and lugansk , there 's still the question of crimea . 
  neither country is willing to give up on it . 
  add to it the desire ( understandable imho ) of the ukrainian people to join the eu . 
  kremlin does n't want that . 
  thank you for the kind words . 
  the problem is , for every selfless firefighter , doctor , social worker , there is a medinsky , milonov , zhirinovsky , etc. 
  i feel it 's the same with ukraine . 
  i would never believe there are n't genuinely good , selfless people , willing to lay their lives if it makes the world better . 
  but their voices drown in the sea of political hate . 
  mcdonald 's probably, 
  damn straight . 
  they 're hardcore, 
  sad , but i 'd guess you 're right, 
  i 'm good , thanks for asking !, 
  that 's good to hear, 
   they feel a strong need to be proud of their history but the history in question is the biggest obstacle for that . 
  i know that feel, 
  gon na make a guess and suggest it 's a very loud minority , not most . 
  as is with most movements . 
  guess they forgot you 're independent, 
  that 's pretty interesting, 
  war is good for business . 
  rule of acquisition # 34, 
  illuminati confirmed, 
  pol-end !, 
  you could move here , i guess, 
  sure , let 's wait till he throws acid in her face . 
  brilliant . 
  met tiny ones on cyprus . 
  they 're awesome, 
  the gun is on vacation !, 
  my pleasure, 
  gon na agree with you here . 
  kremlin would likely be satisfied with a ukrainian lukashenko of sorts . 
  someone with a stable position and willing to follow their course . 
  sorta what yanukovich was , i guess . 
  * darth, 
  what do you mean ? 
  i was under impression that poland was one of the most pro-usa , or at least pro-nato countries in europe, 
  there was a * massive * resurgence of religion in late ussr and it only got stronger after the union fell . 
  you can find pretty much any confession in russia these days . 
  it 's bloody adorable !, 
  okay ? 
  watch me not return books to the library !, 
  thanks, 
  thanks !, 
  too bad the rest does n't, 
  * stands up *, 
  oh boy , they finally decided to build it, 
  okay, 
  thanks !, 
  tasty , splendid megafauna !, 
  listening . 
  now what ? 
  sounds kinda funny , can you give an example ? 
  if only where it mattered, 
  that 's pretty cool stuff, 
  not quite .
