  there will come a day , when a man will be able to go through news and not bump into putin . 
  but it is not today . 
  thank you !, 
  at the very least it 's confusing cause and effect . 
  jews of russian empire had a lot of reasons to dislike the system . 
  look up jewish pogroms , if you 're curious , or beylis case . 
  that caused them to seek change . 
  ca n't say for that fellow , but it 's a popular myth in russia . 
  allegedly , bolshevik revolution was a jewish plot to kill ethnic russians . 
  i even met a bloke who claimed stalin 's purges were a secret jewish plot . 
  it 's insane . 
  glad to hear . 
  you guys are cool, 
  rodnovery ? 
  we have those in russia . 
  strange folks, 
  thank you again !, 
  thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  is it possible for italian port authorities to ban them from entry though ? 
  thanks, 
  that 's pretty interesting, 
  pretty sure there were ss battalions setup in occupied nations, 
  that 's the strangest part, 
  wait , it 's a german organization that transports immigrants to italy ? 
  not to germany ? 
  welcome to the list if hated countries !, 
  well i 'm not going to argue your position , i actually agree to a point . 
  the important ( to me ) thing is that those are n't conscripts tossed into the meatgrinder , as it was afghanistan and chechnya , but grown up men who made a conscious choice to become mercenaries , basically . 
  how much of a choice they had , given the economy is also a big question , but that 's a question for another discussion . 
  there is . 
  pmc , even if paid by the government , are not regular army . 
  they 're basically glorified security most of the time , i would n't expect miracles from them . 
  plus they are technically volunteered for this stuff , not ordered by the ministry of defense . 
  as for political side , do n't know . 
  was us government to blame for blackwater actions in middle east ? 
  is our government responsible for these folks ? 
  not for me to decide . 
  or that . 
  actually not sure if facebook is allowed , gon na have to check out later, 
  that 's quite a mess . 
  thank you for the explanation !, 
  hmm , it 's not overly comfy , you 're right . 
  definitely not what i remember from t.v. 
  news . 
  guess those lied again . 
  that 's pretty interesting , did n't know they were allies . 
  figured gulen was just an opposition leader . 
  makes sense, 
  nope , as in `` please log in using facebook or vkontakte to continue '', 
  quite a beast !, 
  maybe it 's like 357th take and the dog got tired of posing ? 
  sure . 
  but if we 're talking about `` limiting adult content '' demands can be made to have a verification page , like pornhub now has . 
  is your friend a doctor ? 
  they are on an island . 
  offshores . 
  what caused it then ? 
  looking about right, 
  are n't most of those losses pmc ? 
  pretty sure withdrawal of official military does n't affect pmcs . 
  it 's an old trick . 
  dos n't breivik live in a two room apartment ? 
  what is it with accusing everyone on being a gulenist ? 
  i hear erdogan called the guy who killed our ambassador a gulenist as well . 
  is it a local version of `` fifth column '' ? 
  that 's actually really nice of them, 
  i 'd watch that movie, 
  why 's that ? 
  do n't forget anticorruption, 
  several sites require logging in through social networks . 
  to register in those you need a cellphone number . 
  to register a sim card you need a passport . 
  recent laws introduced harsher punishment for using fake or not your own documents in purchasing sim cards . 
  so registration means you are known by passport . 
  thanks !, 
  that must 've hurt, 
  is it a given ? 
  i 'm not certain on how usa presidency works, 
  magic ? 
  that 's a lot of nuclear powers not wanting to be taken over . 
  thanks !, 
  yeah , that must be the reason . 
  they just do n't stand out in a crowd . 
  holy shit !, 
  damn hard to find unbiased news theme days . 
  well , i 've seen similar attitudes here towards caucasus nations , so stupid gon na stupid , i guess, 
  thanks for the elaboration !, 
  my bad , sorry, 
  sad !, 
  i do for countries , though it 's easier with autocorrect . 
  even if it still refuses to capitalize poland for some reason . 
  we used to have them in russia , iirc . 
  do n't know what happened . 
  * crying in russian *, 
  do n't reply to that fella , they 're adamantly anti-russian for some reason . 
  what a surprise it 's not, 
  nyyeeah i 'll pass , thanks, 
  the one and only, 
  dunno , is it ?
