  now that would be ironic, 
  that 's kinda what i was asking about . 
  so they 're not really theirs ? 
  ready to take on the world !, 
  still wondering how he ended up in power, 
  good point, 
  so the classic case of a yellow paper making an outlandish claim and getting unwarranted attention ? 
  science !, 
  thanks !, 
  likely , yea , but the point is , if they care so much about memory , they should be responsible for upholding it . 
  count me in, 
  welp , sounds like our politicians , alright . 
  thanks for the heads up, 
  curses , foiled again !, 
  thanks !, 
  thank you !, 
  so who will be the cheap immigrants in ukraine ? 
  does turkey have their own nukes ? 
  i hear they have some nato ones, 
  doubt even ol pu would be so delusional as to help in such scenario, 
  will there be booze ? 
  agreed . 
  unfortunately , many governments like to blur the lines between the two . 
  may i ask for the name ? 
  intriguing , sure . 
  proud ? 
  monuments on our own soil is a different thing completely though, 
  some luck at least, 
  you do know the war in syria started long before we ever intervened ? 
  you 're not wrong . 
  but i 'd say we 're still pretty touchy about war monuments . 
  and it would give populists one less topic . 
  which is funny , since i 've heard people claim migrant crisis was orchestrated by kremlin to destabilize europe . 
  that 's some schroedinger shit . 
  thanks !, 
  easy there , mr. nazi, 
  and here i thought it was a local phenomenon . 
  but apparently stupidity knows no borders, 
  he probably makes more money than either of us, 
  i have a solution . 
  let 's just move em here . 
  poland stops whining about not wanting them , and our populists stop bitching about removal . 
  win-win . 
  the hell, 
  do n't tell them that, 
  oh sure , let 's blame it all on the jews again . 
  seriously ? 
  is n't pence the guy who believes electrocuting gay people makes them straight ? 
  so , time to merge ? 
  figured it was n't necessary, 
  thank you for the story !, 
  it 's always interesting to hear a first hand tale, 
  ayup , that 's one . 
  do n't forget yezhov . 
  well 4chan is a famous hacker , got ta trust that, 
  man , that shit was hilarious, 
  no need , our asphalt is shit already, 
  it 's caucasus . 
  they 've been doing this stuff long before atwood was born, 
   from their point of view , they 're doing the right thing so did the nazis . 
  they , coincidentally , also tortured people because of that . 
  thank you !, 
  must be some sort of conspiracy !, 
  thanks !, 
  glad you liked it !, 
  it got renovated a bit too, 
  word, 
  thanks, 
  could be interesting . 
  thanks !, 
  fuck stalin and all his goddamn apparatus . 
  [ caucasus doing shit ] ( https://imgflip.com/i/13c4fz ), 
  exactly !, 
  what happened to making beautiful things ? 
  when was it ? 
  i was prowling news sites all day today and only seen photos of the chinese parade and the fleet one in vladivostok, 
  if you do n't mind me asking , how did you end up there to begin with ? 
  that 's not exactly a tourist haven, 
  seriously , does this man have anything to hide at all ? 
  he seems pretty open, 
  what 's the ascii for that symbol ? 
  i do n't get it, 
  those were truly dark times, 
  wait , it was n't before ? 
  you should come , the weather is okay for once, 
  good times, 
  i like it . 
  it 's not great , but it 's better than many . 
  dunno , never read it . 
  but the drink itself is actually a lot cola-like and has rather obnoxious advertising, 
  or tarhun, 
  cue the `` i 'm a rabbit '' pic, 
  i 'd prefer flying cars tbh, 
  should n't it be octopi ? 
  not that surprising tbh, 
  hell , even if he was , would it really be a problem ? 
  what are other options ? 
  nit trolling , just not sure , it 's kinda hard to navigate the news amidst all the propaganda, 
  any georgians or odessites here ? 
  i 'm curious what was his tenure like,
