  looking around my own country , i can see why such theory would be popular . 
  thanks for an explanation !, 
  thanks !, 
  damn shame . 
  good luck in your fight then . 
  aw bugger . 
  well then i guess romanians need to keep pushing , yes ? 
  thanks for the source btw . 
  that is surprising , to be honest . 
  i was under impression they were a force behind decommunization of poland , and that this act is generally considered . 
  am i wrong about these things ? 
  who 's we ? 
  what does beata szydlo have against solidarnosc ? 
  i thought they were universally liked, 
  so it worked ? 
  wow . 
  good job , y' all, 
  would n't call it disinformation campaign , just sensationalism, 
  thanks !, 
  and i was merely responding to the earlier comment , guess we have to ask them, 
  do non-estonian posts count ? 
  if you wish , i can dig up a couple . 
  i 'll go find links to support my claim , or admit being wrong . 
  brb . 
  i feel like i 'm missing the joke here , sorry, 
  that 's not what i would call an eldorado, 
  you see , ivan , when yuor always alert enemy not know you not alert, 
  well yeah ? 
  most of oligarchs making decisions got their wealth stashed in nato countries . 
  if it 's russian salad , why there no article in russian wikipedia ? 
  ( should i use / s for jokes ? ), 
  all in a single package !, 
  now you can sin while you sin !, 
  local news say it 's due to nato anti-missile systems . 
  before you say those are purely defensive and thus are legit , the problem partially stems from them being capable of firing offensive missiles and not just anti-missile ones . 
  however i agree that such attitudes are getting tiresome . 
  edit : quick googling did n't yield results on my claim , outside of a possibility to mistake a counter-missile launch for a launch of an offensive one . 
  i will now hang my head in shame . 
  how so ? 
  how do you pronounce that weird b thing at the end ? 
  finland 's status in the russian empire is what i meant . 
  it 's far from a perfect analogy , you are right here . 
  i chuckled, 
  what surprises you specifically ? 
  it 's getting hard to tell these days . 
  make moldova great again ? 
  and that was a joke attempt . 
  guess i 'm not good at them, 
  thanks !, 
  see , when you put it like that , it makes a lot of sense . 
  thanks !, 
  what did he say to cause a scandal ? 
  what about right wing activists ? 
  or centrist activists , if such exist ? 
  even if true , it could be a misinterpretation . 
  you know , i just checked the map , and `` pointing barrels at russia '' from romania would be pointing them at moldova and ukraine . 
  you sure you want that ? 
  finland comes to mind, 
  do you mean anyone in particular ? 
  putin = / = russia , no matter how hard he tries to convince us otherwise . 
  keep that in mind . 
  that 's clever , thanks !, 
  every time i see `` russia only respects strength '' argument , i 'm starting to hum `` savages '' from pocahontas . 
  come on . 
  well there 's this guy , his name starts with p, 
  whom are you quoting ? 
  well you 're right , of course . 
  just sounds too damn suspicious, 
  there are plenty of evil men out there . 
  loads of them . 
  but for some reason this sub believes this idiot to be some brilliant hydra-esque mastermind . 
  one can be evil and devoid of any power outside of jingoistic daydreams . 
  well you 're right , from what i 've read those allegations were pretty much made up and meant as a smear campaign, 
  thanks !, 
  that 's not exactly a lot , is it ? 
  pretty sure neither dnr nor lnr wanted to join russian federation to begin with and were fighting for independence only . 
  first they came for pornhub , but i did not speak out, 
  i know it 's not what you mean , but o hear it was some crimean tatar organization that brought down the powerlines to the peninsula . 
  and since ukraine still recognizes it as their territory , well . 
  but that 's beside the point , of course . 
  just read about it in local news and i have three things to say : 1 . 
  fuck this guy ; 2 . 
  would be better if he invested locally ; 3 . 
  i 'll bet my wisdom tooth it 's money laundering , pure and simple . 
  user or trump ? 
  if you do n't mind me asking , why did you write trump in cyrillic ? 
  i 've read an overview of french presidential candidates , which claimed there were some unproven allegations of corruption . 
  but that 's about it . 
  that 's pretty dope, 
  that 's just just mind boggling !, 
  thanks !, 
  i did n't get the joke, 
  how does that even work ? 
  huh , really ? 
  holy , * eight * death camp ?!, 
  i ca n't even imagine the horror of going through one . 
  i swear , this sub is fucking obsessed with that bearded cunt !, 
  well alright . 
  thanks for the tip !, 
  yeah , thats kind of pretty dang important bit !,
