  weird , ca n't find this article in russian part i of meduza . 
  do you have a link ? 
  well of course , they 're highlanders !, 
  do n't give kremlin ideas, 
  yeah , you might be right here , i have n't seen much data on employment vs crime rate, 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm guessing you mean what the influence in question is ? 
  but who are we supposed to defend ? 
  ourselves ? 
  what point ? 
  were you joking ? 
  thanks !, 
  if you do n't mind , what did you find cringy ? 
  thank you for the insight nevertheless !, 
  if those folks are involved in crime , they might not be.interested in legal jobs , regardless, 
  you make good points, 
  sooo that would be mongolia going back to russia , not the other way around, 
  thank you for elaboration !, 
  thanks !, 
  chess watching does sound hilarious, 
  like a communist party ? 
  that did n't exactly work , did it ? 
  but how will you motivate young people to move to eastern europe to toil the soil ( which may not bring good results , definitely not immediate ones ) or go into engineering , if as you yourself said western europe pays more ? 
  that 's a pretty decent plan , i 'd say . 
  but the first point confuses me . 
  would n't it create tensions between newly arrived southerners and locals , who would also be seeking jobs ? 
  that 's good to hear . 
  thanks !, 
  aww , bummer, 
  back ? 
  why back ? 
  i should move to mongolia, 
  do these people live on unemployment pay or with their parents ? 
  is there data ? 
  but where will you put them ? 
  saw the trailer yesterday . 
  what do romanian people think of it ? 
  that 's mighty funny , especially the part about noble animal . 
  thanks for the explanation, 
  you got me with that last line . 
  good one !, 
  not literally zombies . 
  just sleepless , constantly frustrated , shambling muscovites, 
  is n't that one a wordplay ? 
  they consider themselves northern europe , like the cool guys - norway , sweden . 
  eastern europe is that spooky mythical land of * rooskies *, 
  should n't the title be `` warns not to travel '' ? 
   overblown in either case . 
  stereotypes usually are, 
  thanks !, 
  yeah , i meant the bit to the south , thanks, 
  at least they do n't have guns, 
   a music critic once argued that vladimir putin-inspired songs are the worst thing russia 's president has done to russia i 'm honestly inclined to agree, 
  but russia is already coloured !, 
  ^ it 's ^ a ^ joke ^ y' all, 
  whose butthurt ? 
  what is it then ? 
  thought the ss was more of an estonian thing . 
  sprats are a must though . 
  thanks !, 
  love these little cultural tidbits, 
  never said anything about magic . 
  but i 'm talking about society becoming aristocratic . 
  a small , rich and insulated ruling class and a mass of people getting poorer with each generation . 
  that 's not `` liberte , fraternite , egalite '' . 
  that 's `` some animals are more equal than others '' . 
  the question is , how.did that happen and what can we do about it ? 
  nuclear , sure , but zombies ? 
  it 's already pretty close to that during rush hour, 
  except that kind of inequality is exactly what democracy is supposed to correct . 
  we had aristocrats in the past and revolutions were had to give commoners power . 
  thanks !, 
  what 's the story behind the horse head ? 
  oh cool , it got translated !, 
  class separation seems like a common issue among politicians worldwide, 
  does n't work on my phone for some reason . 
  anyone else have this problem ? 
  what 's the green in russia on this picture ? 
  moscow ? 
  thank you for the explanation !, 
  and my relatives went unpaid for some time in the 90 's and that sucked something fierce . 
  ca n't imagine going without salary for 18 flipping months, 
  during their time in russian empire they apparently were [ this ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/governorate_of_livonia ), 
  sadly , i feel you are right . 
  however , i got ta ask , does n't greece have laws demanding employers pay their employees ? 
  or minimum wage laws ? 
  anything ? 
  bummer . 
  left that place years ago, 
  they should 've gone with `` shot by russian military '' conspiracy . 
  quite possibly , yes . 
  doubt even the most rabid imperialists consider , say , armenians to be russian, 
  maybe that user was being sarcastic ? 
  that 's pretty interesting, 
  did n't this get posted yesterday ? 
  wait , what ? 
  how the he 'll not paying for a year and a fucking half `` does n't worsen the conditions '' ? 
  there are decent altay and adigean cheeses . 
  [ not the bees !, 
  ] ( https://www.google.ru/url?sa=t&amp;source=web&amp;rct=j&amp;url=%23&amp;ved=0ahukewivjjx1xszvahulvrqkhrrhaokqxa8bcbwwaa&amp;usg=afqjcnf1shlk2z9qix28jtvfngp_ulkifa ),
