  could someone please explain something from a european viewpoint ? 
  as i understand , police is trying to catch these people as they `` sleep in the woods '' because they are unregistered migrants , correct ? 
  if that is the case , why do charities have a problem with that ? 
  what other nato fifth gens are there ? 
  is gripen fifth gen ? 
  so then getting cutting edge jets is good , no ? 
  thanks !, 
  well you 're probably right , but is n't poland one of the most combat ready nato nations ? 
  thanks !, 
  til, 
  curses , foiled again !, 
  * twirls mustache !, 
  thank you !, 
  is n't it though ? 
  everyone is going to want fifth gen sooner or later , that 's just thinking in advance, 
  talk about a longest day !, 
  that does n't bode well , does it ? 
  sounds like a fairly standard equipment renovation . 
  what 's the big deal ? 
  how old is it ? 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but were n't baltics part of russian empire at the time ? 
  i suck at geography and ca n't find poland . 
  but was n't it partitioned at the time ? 
  what did they add to the register then ? 
  it is hilarious, 
  sorry , i do n't think i understand, 
  _ i _ do . 
  you joke , but i fear there 's truth to the joke, 
  grab some popcorn , quickly, 
  why 's that ? 
  what about russia ? 
  praise the omnissiah !, 
  thanks you for the explanation !, 
  it 's democracy then, 
  is it possible to learn such pluralism ? 
  thanks for the explanation !, 
  what 's their deal ? 
  satire ? 
  thank you !, 
  is n't it a bit immature ? 
  would n't call it just nonsense . 
  china has 2 billion people and will need to expand , if not in territory , then in influence . 
  you 'll notice i did n't specify the regions . 
  partially because i 'm not sure caucasus regions generate profit at all . 
  thing is , while it may not be in the best interests of those parts to stay in the federation , i 'd argue it 's the same all across the globe . 
  and allowing russian federation to follow ussr suit will definitely be detrimental to western interests . 
  because instead of an admittedly aggressive , but monolithic and rather predictable power , you 'll have dozens of tiny shitholes squabbling with each other . 
  think middle east , plus recent migration crisis , but closer . 
  do you , personally , want that ? 
  he may have a point , but only in the sense of it not being a desirable outcome . 
  it does not mean the situation can not be rectified though . 
  it is what it is in no small part due to his policy of `` loyalty for money '' . 
  in this situation , of course regions would leave if their rulers stop generating superprofits . 
  that 's the rhetoric used by putinists , i hope you understand that . 
  `` we tried to be a peaceful for-the-people state and it did n't work , back to imperial model everyone ! '', 
  does n't mean we should stop trying , now does it ? 
  second paragraph i agree with , happens.to be my dream as well . 
  first one , however . 
  you sound rather gleeful about this possibility, 
  coal plants ca n't do that ? 
  i 'm not an expert on energetics , sorry, 
  please do !, 
  fair enough , thanks for sources !, 
  i can see where you 're going indeed !, 
  that would be an interesting development, 
  pretty sure solar panels need uv , which can be obtained in steppes . 
  all those vast , uninhabited lands we 're famous for . 
  unless i 'm misunderstanding you here, 
  you 're probably right, 
  thanks !, 
  apparently i looked at the wrong country, 
  thanks for the explanation !, 
  ... i 'm a blind idiot . 
  thank you . 
  you 're right, 
  and soon , the world, 
  do we have a washington university in moscow ? 
  could someone explain the methodology , please ? 
  i 'm confused as hell . 
  usa has been in one war or another for the past 70 . years at least , but is green . 
  or is this a map of inner peace ? 
  it 's such a strange , rare feeling, 
  thank you !, 
  gas is n't exactly renewable , is it ? 
  we do n't ? 
  well said, 
  except resigning maybe ? 
  tell me more , please, 
  maybe we 'll see some investment in renewables here now !, 
  oh who am i kidding, 
  i 'm so glad i 'm not the only one to giggle at that . 
  thank you !, 
  i 'd watch it, 
  pornhub suggested navalny should send it to them, 
  now that you mention it , i 'm starting yo get worried, 
  thanks !, 
  that 's pretty interesting . 
  thanks !, 
  geez . 
  lucky me , i guess,
