  so it does n't really matter what kremlin wants , georgia is set to get closer to eu . 
  just a matter of time, 
  pretty much my point , yes, 
  well yes , you have a point , naturally . 
  which is why most of the world switched to soft power approach , no ? 
  correct me if i 'm wrong here , but did n't georgia get visa free travel with eu recently ? 
  small countries , backed up by usa and eu, 
   it could take kiev in the amount of time it takes for a tank to reach kiev . 
  and then what ? 
  there 's what , 40 million people in ukraine ? 
  you ca n't really expect them to just magically disappear or change colors ala video game . 
  as for georgia , what exactly did it achieve ? 
  that 's a question i often asked myself and so far the most logical answer seems to be having a naval base in baltic sea and pushing nato presence further from our borders . 
  not sure how sound these are , but they at least sound sane . 
  i know , sorry for overreacting . 
  thanks for an explanation !, 
  definitely did n't appear as such from here . 
  pilots duct taping car gps to themselves , because of poor coordination ? 
  it created a massive schism in diplomatic relations and put additional strain on economy . 
  otherwise , i 'm inclined to agree . 
  but that 's one operation on a territory that already had our base . 
  that was deliberate as i 'm not denying spy work or potential cyberwarfare, 
  poor coordination ( some tank groups did n't know they were ordered to go back , for instance ) , anti-georgian hysteria in media and now we have this sorta-independent state living on our tax money . 
  not what i 'd call a success . 
  but why ? 
  you do realize that if any russian military personnel were to be found in any of the baltic countries it would be the top news ? 
  they 've been preparing for such possibility since gaining independence . 
  but all is quiet . 
  who the heck goes to war without medical supplies or water ? 
  they 're part of europe, 
  yes . 
  yes . 
  yes . 
  we 're talking nukes here . 
  what track record ? 
  a poorly handled campaign in 2008 in georgia and an ongoing clusterfuck in ukraine ? 
  neither are successful invasions . 
  hell , even if we look at ussr , afghanistan kinda proved there wo n't be tanks rolling over europe anytime soon . 
  do n't have to . 
  a 53 % probability of a nuclear retaliation is enough . 
  you have a good point there , but so far usa is still in nato and thus will be forced to honor article 5 . 
  and if trump tries not to during an actual invasion , he 'll be impeached , as i 'm pretty sure that would constitute treason . 
  then pence takes over and he was much harsher in rhetoric than his boss . 
  except it is ? 
  the criticism mostly stems because people in neighboring countries fear those exercises are test runs for an actual invasion . 
  and nobody wants to be invaded . 
  thing is , powers that be in russia are greedy first , aggressive second . 
  and as long as there 's assurance of a military retort by nato , invasion will not happen and you and your neighbors can sleep safe . 
  lithuania is in nato . 
  and nato time and time again confirmed willingness you defend baltics, 
  ready for what ? 
  lithuania is in nato . 
  as long as they are , no overt invasion is gon na happen . 
  a dictator being corrupt ? 
  what 's next , wet water ? 
  picture in the thumbnail has text , but it 's not in russian . 
  looks more like ukrainian . 
  what gives ? 
  just like last year . 
  and before that . 
  and before that . 
  we have rayguns, 
  people who like nature tourism ? 
  as far as i 'm concerned , yes . 
  you shut your mouth moomins are real !, 
  ballsy move, 
  thanks, 
  huh, 
  great city, 
  whose body is this supposed to be ? 
  thanks !, 
  just glad she will heal, 
  thank you for the explanation !, 
  got taken aback somewhat, 
  thanks !, 
  aww , thank you !, 
  people honestly thought the plane was going to attack uk ? 
  a nuclear power , a major european player , a nato member ? 
  how does the name translate ? 
  they 're beautiful, 
  and if that were the case , i think engineers would at least try to create less deadly toasters, 
  how is the maid ? 
  article did n't say . 
  is she going to live ? 
  what , like , the 50 's ? 
  you made that photo less creepy . 
  thank you, 
  thanks !, 
  thanks to you as well !, 
  thanks !, 
  holy golden cow !, 
  that seems a bit counterproductive , no ? 
  thanks !, 
  that 's what this ship is . 
  thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  had no idea 22 was n't being manufactured anymore, 
  he 's probably too busy running doom patrol, 
  what 's portuguese for `` magnificent '' ? 
  thank you for posting the text .
