  but when coffins started turning up , well . 
  you know whose bullets those were . 
  as for grozny , western media condemned military action , despite green banners taking hostages . 
   could you explain that one to me ? 
  sure . 
  say your only son got conscripted and returned in a coffin . 
  then you turn on the t.v. 
  and what do you see ? 
  talking heads calling your son a murderer for following orders in grozny or kabul . 
  yeah , that 's one is gon na hurt . 
  better example . 
  your grandpa fought in ww2 . 
  and now , 70 years later , you log into reddit and see redditor mcreddit face call red army a horde of rapists and oppressors . 
  feel me ? 
   i get that , but he 's also the one being unfair . 
  and he 's been allowed to be unfair for 18 years now . 
  there 's a point where responsibility swings back to the citizenry no argument here . 
  no point of my comment was in his defense . 
  if it seemed as such , my apologies . 
  well you 've got your propaganda , we got ours . 
  and now we ca n't agree on anything , because even shared history became different . 
  ah , that makes sense . 
  thanks for clarification !, 
  thanks !, 
  thank you !, 
  make it an abbreviation : r.u.s.s.i.a. 
  that has a nice ring to it !, 
  does anyone honestly believe she 'll achieve anything in this question ? 
  why do i have a feeling they 'll spend the entire meeting avoiding eye contact and generally looking uncomfortable while reciting same old texts, 
  intelligence doing its work ? 
  got ta ask , not to troll , but to understand . 
  i understand how being in the eu would benefit ukraine , but how would the eu benefit from having ukraine as a member ? 
  why 's that ? 
  and just what is that supposed to achieve ? 
  no argument from me . 
  probably not just westerners too , i 'd say opposition here would have a relief, 
  that 's part of my reasoning , aye, 
  see . 
  and the guy 's been in power since 2000 . 
  he was unimportant to your life . 
  everyone values greatness though . 
  if i were to scream in your face that canada sucks for days , you would eventually be annoyed at least . 
  as for syria , imho not opposing = / = approving . 
  it 's a war going somewhere far away , people likely just do n't care . 
  probably not the best phrasing on my part , sorry . 
  basically , media often portrays various european countries as hating ussr more than nazi germany ( reports about ss parades in estonia come to mind ) , which annoys people , since near damn everyone here lost someone in the war . 
  it 's a deliberate distortion of facts , but if people did n't care about fair treatment such propaganda would have little to no effect . 
  war debate aside , there 's also a lingering feeling that in ussr days russia * mattered * , while after 91 ` st we got kinda sidelined . 
  which again provides a soil for deception . 
  hope i 'm making myself more clear . 
  fuck me if i know . 
  probably because she 's the one being talked about on tv . 
  i 'd say an `` average '' person here is somewhat more removed from the whole affair compared to , say , a german . 
  fair enough, 
  thank you for the kind words !, 
  he had that aura of `` classical europe '' , i guess . 
  regardless , i stand corrected . 
   we value peace and fairness , to them it 's all about strength and cunningness gon na jump straight to criticizing this bit . 
  you make us sound as 40k orkz or `` noble savages '' at best . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  we do value peace . 
  more so than you likely believe . 
  do n't forget , our country was devastated by world wars . 
  and the more recent wars were n't exactly easy either . 
  many families lost their loved ones in afghanistan and chechnya and i must point out that in both these conflicts the so called `` west '' was rooting for the other side . 
  and to a plain average family seeing their dead children demonized hurt more than the unreasonableness of them being sent to those wars . 
  we do value fairness . 
  that 's why there 's still a certain sense of bitterness , stoked by putin and his pet media . 
  if we did not value such things , the propaganda would n't take root . 
  think on it . 
  i kinda expected filon tbh, 
  well a large percentage of french people would probably like someone other than putin as russian president , but they do n't get a say in this matter . 
  same here . 
  who the fuck cares who some vasya pupkin wants as french president ? 
  that 's a rather unusual pov ( to me , at least ) . 
  thanks for the insight !, 
  how does it feel ? 
  the sea should make it more bearable , right ? 
  you should visit, 
  same . 
  it 's like a free sauna here, 
   recently heard that russia is the fastest warming country . 
  not surprising , really, 
  the latter definitely exist . 
  off the top of my head , there was an organization called born ( \u0411\u041e\u0420\u041d ) , who had several murders on their list of `` achievements '', 
  people are strange, 
  cool !, 
  thanks !, 
  sorry for being late . 
  best guess is they feel threatened after crimea , same as other nearby countries, 
  i 'm more concerned about * how * it comes to an end . 
  huh , i thought protests would be tomorrow, 
  russian intelligence ( so i 've read ) ship sank in black sea after colliding with a livestock carrier . 
  afaik all russian sailors were saved . 
  in the meantime , imam who literally called for terrorism got 3 years . 
  yup . 
  why the fuck would he sanction poland of all countries ? 
  test run before the elections ? 
  that 's pretty cool !, 
  was there any doubt ?
