  except maybe i doubt putin going away would lower the mistrust . 
  but that 's neither here nor there . 
  wow . 
  see , that 's completely counterintuitive for me . 
  thanks . 
  link works fine for me , thanks !, 
  would it be enough to tank him though ? 
  dude seem like a reasonable candidate in general, 
  i 'm not that versed in billionaire history , what did he do to britain ? 
  lord of the rings , here we come !, 
  shit . 
  * that * churkin ? 
  shit . 
  it 's not a bad thing by itself , but i 'd wager high income inequality would be a symptom of a larger problem , i.e. 
  low social mobility ( not sure if right term , ability to move up the social ladder ) . 
  why would n't he ? 
  if russia did n't respond to the accusations it will be used as `` proof '' against it . 
  `` see ? 
  they do n't even deny anymore !, 
  it 's a lose-lose scenario . 
  which does n't really disprove my point , no ? 
  the boy who cried wolf stopped being believable , but the wolf may be there . 
  look in this thread . 
  it proves that russia will be accused regardless of evidence ( or lack thereof ) or conclusions drawn by the investigation . 
  it does n't matter anymore . 
  saying you did something when you did n't ? 
  that 's some kgb shit there, 
  thank you for sources !, 
  who 's mercel ? 
  do you mean merkel ? 
  and i doubt everything . 
  that 's one of the reasons why i come to this sub , you see - to filter the bullshit my government is selling . 
  but this must work both ways . 
  that 's the only option to stay level headed . 
  thank you !, 
  seems that way, 
  thanks !, 
  you 're probably right, 
  thanks !, 
  slovenia , really ? 
  i thought they were n't fans . 
  something 's fucky, 
  was this story confirmed by russian sources ? 
  have n't seen much news today . 
  i just love these tiled roofs . 
  love them . 
  they 're just so darn nice and pleasant to look at !, 
  okay , you lost me there . 
  who is drawing parallels to what ? 
  and what did clearly happen ? 
  i 'm saying that even if there was an attempt at life of a foreign official , there us no way anyone involved would admit that . 
  surely you can agree with that ? 
  here 's hoping someone will explain us, 
  heh , you 're right, 
  not on hand , sorry . 
  it 'll take some searching . 
  are these protests as big as being reported ? 
  could any ukrainian redditors comment on the situation , please ? 
  well . 
  what did you expect ? 
  `` yes , we totally tried to kill a foreign head of state '' ? 
  seriously . 
  iirc this site claimed russia has less income inequality compared to the usa , so maybe be careful with it . 
  did n't know about mutual history ( shame on me , got ta learn more ) . 
  as for the adriatic , no , i did n't confuse it . 
  there are several countries between russia and adriatic sea . 
  so unless russian forces can somehow jump past them all directly into montenegro , i do n't see it becoming a harbour of vmf . 
  thank you !, 
  are you sure about the russian bastion thing ? 
  i 'm a bit rusty on history , what do you mean by that ? 
  and looking at the map , montenegro is pretty darn far , it does n't seem likely to be an access point to adriatics , as there are several countries in the way . 
  i 'm inclined to agree on the investment part , however . 
  perhaps some ultra rich want to arrange themselves a safe harbour ? 
  thanks !, 
   ultimately if they want to get rid of vvp , they 're going to have to be fine ( or even want ) western influence . 
  i disagree - to an extent . 
  i do n't have much problem with weatherization , especially when it comes to small business rights , secularization , not supporting hate groups , etc. 
  on the other hand , michael flynn recently got fired because he `` has ties with russia '' . 
  this sentiment alone caused an uproar . 
  i guarantee , if a prominent politician turns out to have `` ties with usa '' it will be a problem , regardless of how well-meaning this person is . 
  i do n't trust western big capital no more than i trust russian big capital . 
  plain and simple . 
  hope i 'm making my position clear and apologies for off-topic . 
  dig the idea !, 
  could you do a photo with a russian city ? 
  or just tell me what height you used , i 'll look myself . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm a bit out of the loop . 
  could someone possibly tl : dr me on what happened in malta ? 
  good job , everyone !, 
  could you get some links to posts ? 
  i 'm gon na save them next time someone says `` we never called for war with russia '' . 
  it 's always good to have evidence and my search-fu is n't what it used to be, 
  funny , that 's the excuse putinists use for vvp, 
  i second this question . 
  pretty sure we do n't share borders , have little to none mutual history . 
  holy crap that 's nasty . 
  the guy is lucky to stay alive !, 
  sorry i 'm late , but the shotgun looking shell you posted said `` 12 \u043a\u0430\u043b\u0438\u0431\u0440 '' on the sticker . 
  that 's what i meant .
