  really digging that they 're round . 
   aoibhinn how is that pronounced ? 
  is n't that usually the case with populists , regardless of political orientation ? 
  how strange . 
  thanks !, 
  thank you !, 
  do they hack unatco ? 
  thank you for sources !, 
  when were other incidents ? 
  is n't it what turkey is trying to accomplish ? 
  a cyber hacker probably looks like [ this ] ( http://warhammer40k.wikia.com/wiki/adeptus_mechanicus?file=post-4-1241578053.jpg ), 
  and what 's he gon na do ? 
  does eu or any individual european country have means to press turkey into anything at all ? 
  what 's their leverage ? 
  how does one bark in spanish ? 
  thank you for trying nevertheless !, 
  good times, 
  thanks !, 
  thank you !, 
   i much prefer hearing the original voice of an actor even when i ca n't understand what he 's saying and need to rely on subtitles . 
  i hear ya . 
  got the same story . 
   the original audio clearly audible in the background , and all the actors are voiced by the same dude . 
  not an expert , but likely reason is because the professional dub is unavailable . 
  could be a pirated version dubbed by pirates themselves , or a niche movie with dub made by enthusiasts . 
  or both . 
  imagine if it aired in australia , but did n't air in austria !, 
  is this to save costs ? 
  it 's a pretty neat idea , imho , might help people learn foreign languages, 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but war in yugoslavia happened after the eu was created . 
  should n't this graph have tiny lines after the flag as well ? 
  edit : i stand corrected . 
  thanks for correcting , everyone !, 
  no shit , sherlocks, 
  fascinating !, 
  why the duck do you want an open war for ? 
  are you nuts ? 
  he 's got quite a surname, 
  what , like completely undubbed ? 
  well when you put it like that , i ca n't really argue, 
  what about those buns with sausage ? 
  s\u0438c\u043d is life, 
  did n't know it was still being investigated, 
  tinfoil time !, 
  what if the migration crisis was organized by china ? 
  i mean , probably not , but tinfoil calls . 
  reeeeally ? 
  soviet bureaucrats were not made to think , but to dish out decrees . 
  komissar rex was also pretty popular in russia as well !, 
  i grew up watching it . 
  seeing how the virus in question attacked several institutions here as well ( in my city , the traffic cops were attacked , for instance ) , i would n't be sure . 
  russians abroad maybe . 
  edit : sorry for being humorless , it 's a reflex, 
  living dangerously, 
  thank you !, 
  something something brussels , something something bureaucracy, 
   ndrangheta that does n't sound italian . 
  is it italian ? 
  it 's pretty hard to do anything about chechnya without infringing on russian sovereignty . 
  and that might be a bad idea . 
  not that much can be done internally either , sadly, 
  well , that 's one way to raise the economy, 
  ca n't tell if serious, 
  good point, 
  after ussr fell , it suddenly became insanely popular to be either religious , or `` spiritual '' on some other way . 
  we had a massive boom of various gurus and mediums and such . 
  later , orthodox church started to gain more power , being the richest of these institutions . 
  so now you see priests alongside politicians on near every celebration , church officials getting theater plays banned and more . 
  basically , i would n't call people honestly religious , it 's just something they do . 
  chrome on mobile, 
  how odd, 
  link opens wonky and redirects elsewhere , anyone else got this problem ? 
  thanks !, 
  shit , so it 's not just a russian thing ? 
  hoped you guys were more adequate , what with eu and all, 
  could be a case of `` i 'm not gon na stop them , but i will be cross the whole time ! '', 
  sorry , i do n't quite get the debate . 
  one side wants more emphasis on polish suffering , while the other wants it to remain unchanged , is that correct ? 
  thanks !, 
  would such a reform be popular ? 
  what 's it about ? 
  looks like where van helsing was filmed . 
  very cool !, 
  who says they 're unvetted ? 
  the nation is n't hostile , the government is . 
  do you consider asian republics to be friendly ? 
  those do n't need visas either, 
  that 's great . 
  thanks !, 
  that 's excellent news , thanks !, 
  and how 's that a problem ? 
  besides , those folks might be from donbass , they probably did n't get visa free travel . 
  s is for stability, 
  cool, 
  photo me like one of your french girls seriously though , pretty cute, 
  so business as usual then ? 
  google translate of the article says no people were harmed , is it true ? 
  congrats y' all !, 
  dude , what the hell are you on about ? 
  i am interested , as well as thankful for an identification tip .
