  now that i would like to see !, 
  please do n't take this the wrong way , but as i understand european politics , several ideologies are banned . 
  nazism and their symbolics , as well as communist symbols in some countries ( might be wrong about this one ) . 
  if such a stance can be taken , why ca n't a single religious practice be banned ? 
  edit : thank you , everyone , for the responses , it was educational, 
  thanks !, 
  that 's kinda unexpected, 
  and the worst part is there are already people calling it a self-pr move . 
  does this ban encompass other face coverings ? 
  medicine masks for instance ? 
   and by guard , i mean move the fence stakes 5cm towards tbilisi during each night . 
  after nine years you 'd think someone would notice . 
  oh wait , you made it up , mr. 
  expert . 
  you 've no idea how much i freaked out after reading the headline . 
  `` what the shit , another assassination ?! '' . 
  but then read the article . 
  great find . 
  you mean south ossetia , right ? 
  i pretty sure it was n't annexed , but rather was `` granted independence '' . 
  as in , it 's not recognized as part of the federation . 
  cool username, 
   in russia they say that being gay is almost equivalent to being nazi and vice versa dude , what ? 
  not even kiselev says shit like that and he says a * lot * of shit, 
  such a shame, 
  heavily depends on who you 'll ask . 
  i 'm petty young and not sure many people of my generation are even aware of those events . 
  some may handwave it as `` necessary evil '' , while others still will condemn them as uncalled for aggression . 
  on the whole , i 'd say people are mostly indifferent . 
  sorry if it 's inconclusive , but i try to avoid talking politics with friends and colleagues . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  would n't stable afghanistan be good for near damn everyone ? 
  nah , this fellow just really dislikes russia . 
  do n't worry . 
  are there copies of either ? 
  chinese knockoffs maybe ? 
  honest question, 
  not gon na lie , i like your level headedness . 
  it 's refreshing . 
  well if it 's true , then i am somewhat miffed . 
  mainly because it 's still a militant islamist movement . 
  i ai n't stopping ya, 
  ah , i whooshed then . 
  thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  well ca n't argue with that, 
  eh , i would n't worry . 
  living here , i can tell you the powers that be do n't really have a grand strategic vision , so whatever projects they might have , they are just that - projects . 
  everything else is just to line the pockets . 
  you 've got europe on your side . 
  that 's pretty darn cool !, 
  well if you say so, 
  there really was no need to be rude . 
  i was merely guessing a wrong word was used . 
  seriously , why am i a puppet , yo ? 
  do you want to reconnect with czechia ? 
  well i did see people trying to defend 1968 invasion , but it was in russia . 
  instinct says a country that was invaded would n't defend the invader . 
  am i wrong ? 
  ah , my bad . 
  thanks, 
  that sounds more plausible . 
  thanks, 
  go for it !, 
  there 's a two tailed dog party ? 
  make austro-hungary a thing again !, 
  maybe so , but what about the people ? 
  government = / = populace . 
  orban does n't appear that popular to me . 
  not really . 
  just surprised to hear about such a thing . 
  you know , after 1956 and all that . 
  puppet maybe ? 
  should n't it be `` committing '' ? 
  ... there was pro-russian sentiment ? 
  and a whooping amount of nothing will be done about it, 
  funny , i actually had the same discussion with op . 
  we disagreed, 
  thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  got confused by the previous comment, 
  what 's so bad about them ? 
  then we 'd have another afghanistan next door . 
  it 's a no win situation, 
  which ones ? 
  podzemka probably, 
  at this point i 'm no longer sure . 
  thanks for reassuring though . 
  apologies for slight derailing . 
  i ca n't tell if you 're serious or not , and that says a lot, 
  i got rutte , but have no idea what kind of a person he is . 
  any help ? 
  not so lucky then . 
  bummer, 
  lucky you !, 
  we 're still in blizzard mode . 
  seriously , it 's been snowing non stop all day today, 
  bloody hell . 
  where do you live ? 
  and that 's surprising how , exactly ?
