  that 's fascinating , thanks !, 
  okay , you got me . 
  is pizzagate a russian propaganda piece ? 
  i honestly thought it was reddit 's brainchild . 
  sorry if it sounds like i 'm nitpicking , it 's not intentional . 
  i 'm not entirely convinced they do n't have anything on kremlin dwellers , nor that they 're conveniently avoiding it . 
  i would indeed like to know more about the threat you 've mentioned , sounds like it might explain a lot . 
  could you link it ? 
  lukashenko says a lot of things , so does putin , i 'm not exactly willing to trust either , ya know ? 
  however you got me , i have n't heard of wikileaks copying russian propaganda , and will admit i may have ignored the story when it was developing . 
  could you link me the story in question ? 
  thanks in advance . 
  that 's certainly an interesting career choice . 
  well , good luck and best of wishes , i hope you find your calling !, 
  yeah , i see what you mean , unfortunately . 
  gon na go check local news for macron mentions . 
  edit : just found yesterday 's article on candidates from lenta.ru . 
  nothing there on macron being gay , but they claim there were allegations of embezzlement by his opponents . 
  apparently . 
  a lot happened . 
  what event are you referring to , specifically ? 
  thanks, 
  i work in the office and in fact used to work in phone support . 
  several of our clients had closed networks for whatever reasons . 
  trust me , i know a bit ( not a lot , i 'm no security pro ) about how much of a bitch such systems are . 
  and i agree wholeheartedly on people being the issue . 
  that 's why you limit their options while on the job . 
  no internet connection , usb ports disabled and plugged , etc. 
  that 's just the stuff i dealt with personally . 
  guess you 're right, 
  thanks for an elaborate reply , however i must disagree with you on the physical security part . 
  when i said `` air gaps '' , i did not mean barbed wire or guard dogs , i meant computers being shut off the internet and usb ports disabled . 
  this can be done and i have personally seen such systems in pretty run of the mill companies . 
  surely an intelligence agency should have isolated computers ? 
  i will agree that it might not help against a targeted attack , as it could use physical agents , but my question remains , i think . 
  `` i have given a sacred oath to never touch the despicable gold . 
  but if unreasonable laity keep shoving things into _ this _ pocket and _ this _ pocket , they take the sin up on themselves ! '', 
  i 'm sure this thread will see constructive and level headed discussion . 
  dude , do n't argue with al. 
  look at his / her post history in this sub . 
  nothing but russia bashing . 
  all these stories about russian hackers hacking intelligence agencies and government officials make me rather confused . 
  do n't they have even slight cyber security ? 
  air gaps ? 
  closed networks ? 
  anything ? 
  well duck me, 
  you got my curiosity . 
  recently i 've seen a couple of posts here and on r/askeurope stating that `` no go zones '' are made up by the media . 
  are you saying these zones are real ? 
  happy birthday , eu, 
  assange is russian agent ? 
  i 'm sorry , but what are you talking about ? 
  so what if he is ? 
  also , where do these news spread ? 
  interesting . 
  now i have n't watched tv for over a week or so ( do n't have one ) , but i have n't seen anything about macron on news sites a visit . 
  are they talking about rt and sputnik again ? 
  props to your grandma, 
  thank for answering, 
  got me surprised till i saw the link address . 
  well played, 
  i 'm sorry , but if poland is not eastern europe , than what is it ? 
  thanks for explaining, 
  baby steps, 
  why ? 
  spice must flow, 
  oh goody , he 's printer now . 
  thanks for correcting me !, 
  a _ member _ perhaps ? 
  on a serious note , when did he get a job change ? 
  i must have missed that, 
  unfortunately , [ head of rospotrebnadzor ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/gennady_onishchenko ) had already voiced against this measure . 
  yeah , i guess you 're right, 
  flair checks out, 
  correct me if i 'm wrong here , but are n't democratic regimes ( sorry for this word , but it 's the only one coming to mind ) a fairly new thing , compared to , say , monarchies or military dictatorships ? 
  but it 's not rt or spytnik so it 's all good !, 
  one of my favorite childhood memories, 
  shhh , no tears now, 
  thanks for sharing nevertheless, 
  a liberal country probably would n't annex though, 
  til . 
  thanks !, 
  oh i agree wholeheartedly !, 
  and it 's not even limited by crimea . 
  trying to get another pov is why i subscribed to this sub to begin with, 
  thanks for the laugh , i needed that . 
  wow , how dud they all fit in there ? 
  and an all out war is exactly what he ca n't afford . 
  i dunno , poland is pretty big and they got in okay . 
  they do want to join . 
  see , the maidan protests begun after yanukovich decided to backpedal on an association agreement with eu , something plenty of people hoped for . 
  from what i hear , they had visa free status approved , so maybe eventually they will be there . 
  one can be feared without taking over a neighbor . 
  and given the panicky attitude of certain users here it works . 
  well i 'm just glad he 's okay, 
  would n't they smell something is fucky ? 
  that would explain a lot . 
  thanks !, 
  and do you believe he can do it ?
