the war is far from the end though, 
  stay strong , sweden, 
  true of course . 
  but even in ukraine there was no admitted open invasion , sans crimea , which was closer to a special op . 
  maybe i 'm just optimistic, 
  does it matter ? 
  i 'm more concerned about wounded getting proper treatment, 
  kremlin can try to shit in their soup , so to speak , but an outright invasion ? 
  unlikely . 
  no one likes nukes in the face , and nato has a lot of those . 
  here 's hoping he 's okay !, 
  can you contact him ? 
  is n't it a bit counterproductive ? 
  the whole voting thing was created specifically to ensure you get a say in who runs the country . 
  by abstaining you say you do n't care about it . 
  surprised me with kitchen . 
  thanks !, 
   invasion  of a nato member seriously ? 
  it probably is . 
  hope you like it !, 
  hope you like it !, 
  there are doors that lead to different time periods and a ministry that oversees that people not in the know do n't accidentally stumble into them and that history goes the way it should . 
  the agents include a soldier from late 16 century , a lady from 19 or so and a modern day bloke . 
  so i 've been shown this spanish tv series called `` ministry of time '' , and it 's great . 
  yeeeah , that does sound terrible . 
  hope you stay safe !, 
  censorship or crappy service ? 
  like no internet at all ? 
  that does n't sound right, 
  what , like personally ? 
  just try not to blink around it, 
  huh . 
  apparently i can read polish . 
  cool . 
  thanks, 
  did he rush b ? 
  did n't he meet with ambassadors though ? 
  [ how about a jewish russian song ? 
  ] ( https://youtube.com/watch?v=ylly96duvba ), 
  that sounds like russian maslenitsa . 
  is it the same ritual ? 
  thanks !, 
  i keep getting updates from news sites about this , but still have no idea who this person is . 
  how strange . 
  whatever helps you sleep at night, 
  thank you for a tl : dr, 
  do you live there ? 
  it 's okay , you do n't have to look in the mirror . 
  thank you for a good translation !, 
  this is absolutely fascinating !, 
  thanks !, 
  but i get it now . 
  thank you for taking your time to explain !, 
  so i 've read . 
  the original ending had butler 's character winning ( i 'm hazy on the details ) , but mr. fox made the team remake the ending , because , iirc , he did n't like his character losing . 
  the result is what we got . 
  i guess you could ask elsewhere , someone probably has the original ending written down . 
  wow , really ? 
  i had no idea !, 
  what 's the story there ? 
  then why would they be doing that ? 
  is n't building this stuff is up to city government ? 
  you are no boss of me, 
  what for ? 
  the article is n't very clear on the purpose . 
  may i ask how do you propose europe deals with said root cause ? 
  being paranoid about propagandists wo n't exactly help matters , now would it ? 
  did n't he force the script of `` law abiding citizen '' to be rewritten ? 
  great . 
  now i got that damn song stuck in my head . 
  hope you and u/ballander are happy !, 
  well excuse me for not checking their passports . 
  besides , by `` locals '' i meant `` people living there '' . 
  which they seemingly are . 
  thank you !, 
  thanks !, 
  good day , sir . 
  and putin `` confirmed '' there were no soldiers in crimea . 
  dud you believe him ? 
  i did n't . 
  i 'm just gon na go somewhere quiet and wait for proper investigation to yield results . 
  good day , sir . 
  i must be slow , but lem me get this straight : some bloke was arrested by police . 
  locals attacked police because of that . 
  police opened fire . 
  people started a riot . 
  what was the guy arrested for in the first place ? 
  lotta people miss how this is a joke sub though, 
  thanks, 
  see , you sound like russian television right now . 
  `` if washington did n't sponsor maidan , why did nuland fly to kiev ? 
  huh ? 
  huh ? 
  checkmate , liberals ! '' . 
  it 's not a proof of anything . 
  it 's borderline conspiracy theorism . 
  thank you !, 
  holy poop , that 's an explosive situation . 
  thanks for a comprehensive response !, 
  interestingly enough , i agree with all points you make .
