  what does this face supposed to emote ? 
  friend , you just pissed off a * lot * of people by calling them `` basically russian '' . 
  a lot . 
  influence of the west * on what * ? 
  europe seems pretty happy about being `` under western influence '' . 
  asian players can handle themselves just fine . 
  middle east is pretty much beyond help . 
  so who are we supposed to defend from this dastardly `` influence '' ? 
  that 's a long list, 
  i do n't necessarily disagree with being led , there 's no shame in having help . 
  however , i have serious doubts about being led by china . 
  let 's be honest here , they only have their own interests in mind ( not that i blame them ) . 
  and given the policy of chinisation of tibet and uygur regions , i fear for the future . 
  the shadow knows, 
  thank you !, 
  are you a kremlinbot in disguise ? 
  you okay , pal ? 
  what does mit stand for in this context ? 
  could n't find it in the article, 
  just does n't feel right . 
  being supportive is one thing , but actually taken over ? 
  canada may be supportive of usa , will they accept becoming 51st state ? 
  that sounds counterproductive, 
  who does n't, 
  allow me to disagree . 
  as it is right now , asia already has powerful players : china , india , south korea . 
  and let 's be honest with ourselves , our economy ca n't exactly be called equal to any of those . 
  thus moving to eurasia could ( and i fear will ) lead to us being dominated by china , instead of giving us boons . 
  would n't it be one sided though ? 
  vietnam filling our markets with products and our products not finding interest in theirs ? 
  how strange . 
  does it correlate with a general tendency of people not going into stem fields or is it gender specific ? 
  peter i is late 1600 to early 1700 . 
  i looked it up as to not screw up, 
  they do n't ? 
  as if belarusians would accept that, 
  i think i get what you mean . 
  off to google, 
  i like your flair, 
  they wear grey ? 
  uh huh . 
  before peter the great gives us what , 17-18 century ? 
  so salem witch trials and such ? 
  such backwards , much bear . 
  [ of happenings ] ( http://knowyourmeme.com/photos/698460-polandball ), 
  odd , it says `` 3 comments '' under the link , but i can only see one and it 's removed, 
  again , ussr is not `` for centuries '', 
  thanks !, 
  exactly . 
  ussr and imperial times ( when chemists were jailed for making bombs ) as not `` centuries '', 
  thanks !, 
  you sure ? 
  they were largely ignored , not arrested, 
  what does the text say ? 
  bummer, 
  thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  thanks for the explanation !, 
  guessing you were answering to my comment . 
  anyway . 
  i 'm just a bit confused . 
  say these folks declare independence and government sends cops ( probably wo n't happen , but bear with me ) . 
  how would the international community react ? 
  would it be `` brave freedom fighters oppressed by police '' or `` brave boys in uniform quell a nest of separatists '' ? 
   the only argument putin sect worshippers have against him is that he studied in the united states , yale university . 
  well , no . 
  they also call him an agent of * gosdep *, 
  sure , it would be nice . 
  i could also post a nice article by meduza about them , but it 's in russian . 
  can they really do that , according to international law ? 
  just declare a piece of land independent willy nilly ? 
  were those the same putin 's squads that pay old women to yell angry slogans ? 
  invest in cold iron, 
  thanks !, 
  for those unfamiliar ( me ) what 's wrong with it ? 
  putin 's working on it , donchu worry, 
  thank you !, 
  how strange, 
  sad , but you 're likely right, 
  i ai n't the one living in constant fear, 
  fossils suck though, 
  again behind china , dammit, 
  there are people who honestly believe that . 
  wow . 
  you should be on stage . 
  give it back , and i 'll think about it, 
  renewables are not easy to do in our climate , unfortunately, 
  could you link me ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  by having a lot of inhospitable land . 
  what kinda question is that ? 
  you seem upset, 
  wonder why we 're exporting , but not building them here . 
  screw coal , we should invest in atomics, 
  what ? 
  you 're free to relocate , if you 're so scared, 
   russia = faroe islands now with 100 % more orthodoxy !, 
  man , i remember watching it start in the t.v. , wondering if that was how ww3 begins . 
  the question is , will the rest of us endure ? 
  that would actually have been better,
