  shipping regions or something . 
  just a guess, 
  is there any information if they 're citizens or something else ? 
  i can see my house from here !, 
  iirc , caucasus is one of the few ( if not the only ) region with stable population growth, 
  sorry , i do n't understand, 
  alrighty then . 
  thanks, 
  not of the top of my head , no, 
  figured you might provide additional insight, 
  how long until they break contract with vw and begin producing these cars themselves ? 
  thank you for the summary !, 
  the incident itself is a strange one , something i 'd expect from my own country , not poland, 
  i 'm slightly unsure about terminology here . 
  does macron wants to continue the emergency state that has been in effect for a while now , or does he want some special personal power ? 
  the title suggests the latter , but the article would point at the former . 
  so business as usual ? 
  why are the raids commenced ? 
  do n't worry , your sarcasm was pretty visible, 
  learning something new everyday, 
  what would you suggest ? 
  that 's not the intention, 
  would that create tension with turkey ? 
  into mordor ? 
  science , bitch !, 
  thanks for the summary !, 
  maybe that 's part of the reason ? 
  to show that they 're not afraid to gather , that they wo n't be scared into submission and hide away in their holes, 
  no threat level . 
  is dacha season . 
  must plant potato . 
  start learning mandarin, 
  thanks !, 
  just thought people who ca n't read russian might appreciate it, 
  congratulations , y' all !, 
  not to complain , but iirc there 's a rule on this sub where you should provide translation, 
  that 's one adorable puppy !, 
  thanks !, 
  yeah , you 're right, 
  beautiful place, 
  are we to understand they have n't been doing this before ? 
  would n't surprise me tbh , though at this point i doubt such pro-russian position will find a lot of support, 
  even better !, 
  the last bit is why i called it flimsy . 
  supporting them would cost russian taxpayers money , and after nine or so years of funding various unrecognized states people are bound to get tired . 
  still , i understand what you mean , and it 's a curious topic . 
  thank you . 
  that 's a pretty flimsy plan , tbh, 
  looks nice , very homely, 
  well , she is a physicists, 
  they mentioned ukraine , but was russia included ? 
  seeing how our government is n't keen on green energy some stats would be nice, 
  well that 's gon na piss off a lot of people, 
  here 's hoping they 'll be safe there, 
  thank you !, 
  it 's always interesting to hear about personal experience, 
  i meant how are they doing . 
  assimilating , working , that sorta thing, 
  that 'll likely result in yet another politician being shot in unnerving proximity to kremlin . 
  or `` totally a lone wolf '' going berserk in subway . 
  those killers who murdered conscripts in the war ? 
  they have n't gone anywhere . 
  what about equipment ? 
  geez , talk about high expectations . 
  poor kid, 
  probably none, 
  well i hope you 're right, 
  have n't seen it , but heard good things . 
  and iirc it was made without tossing billions at it . 
  a proof of concept, 
  the problem with this theory is that people wo n't necessarily start going to local movies more , but instead will start watching less movies in general . 
  the same sorta happened with cars . 
  increasing tariffs on import did n't make people buy local cars . 
  you 're right , of course , but i 'd say money is not a problem . 
  distribution of money is . 
  you ca n't keep tossing millions at bondarchuk and expected good movies to magically happen . 
  you need actors , screenwriters , new ideas . 
  a whole industry that just does n't appear to be there . 
  to do that they 'll have to make better movies and cast someone other than danila kozlovsky in every role, 
  you mean it does n't ? 
  ah , that actually makes sense . 
  thanks for the explanation !, 
  anything to take money from the population, 
  dude, 
  well whaddaya know, 
  thank you . 
  the premise appears interesting and the topic important , but i 'm a scrudge and do n't have spare money . 
  thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  agreed, 
  you 're joking , right ? 
  like what ? 
  chechen authorities and religious leaders deny gay people even exist in the region . 
  it 's pretty hard to convince someone of something if they go `` lalala ca n't hear you '', 
  why do you think you 'll be shamed ? 
  how does one double ban things ? 
  how are they ? 
  the moment they start , the system will be abused by kadyrov 's cronies . 
  or worse . 
  alright , let 's hear your solution,
