  happy to help !, 
  which is something i did n't touch in the original post . 
  what does russia and it 's internal politics have to do with the fact that there are 40 million people in ukraine and that those 40 million do n't want to be taken over ? 
  i dare not go into that sub . 
  it 's too emotional for my tastes . 
  you 'd think those people would be even more wary . 
  merkel is from gdr iirc, 
  thanks for sources !, 
  that would explain his position . 
  thanks !, 
  well those jokes i know , just did n't expect them from those two , ya know ? 
  and look how that ended . 
  i think ukrainian people would be * extremely * wary of any pro-russian head of state . 
  but that 's just an outsider 's view . 
  that would explain a lot, 
  man , they must * really * dislike it there !, 
  how 's your uncle ? 
  `` uno , dos , tres and paff !, 
  ze ukraine disappear !, 
  magic , ladies und gentlemen ! '', 
  * round of applause *, 
   what will russia gain from invading country x is a legit question . 
  or do you think all 140 million russians are bloodthirsty charles manson types ? 
   russia only took areas with russian majority population this one is debatable , depending on how you frame it . 
  i do n't really care for it . 
   why would russia invade country x if it would automatically start ww3 partially legit , when it comes to nato members . 
  which ukraine is n't . 
  what you describe does n't have much to do with taking over ukraine . 
  or do you believe putin can fearmonger ukrainians to willingly join ? 
  pretty sure that stuff was approved by obama administration to help non-sanctioned electronics companies . 
  or so i 've read . 
  i 'm sorry , but i do n't understand . 
  could you explain , please ? 
  what 's 17mio ? 
  what have they been trained to do ? 
  but what if they 're starving ? 
  that puppet wo n't last a day . 
  just for the sake of argument , do you consider poland to be us territory because their troops are stationed there ? 
  i 'm from russia actually ) . 
  and kaliningrad is enough of a fuss as it is . 
  never noticed before , gon na keep an eye out for that, 
  well you never know with us internet folk . 
  thanks !, 
  that 's incredibly surprising . 
  thanks !, 
  apparently , yes, 
  justification = / = goals and motivation , that 's what i 'm getting at . 
  however , i think i understand your position . 
  thank you . 
  image , yes , definitely . 
  actions , especially of the military kind ? 
  i dunno , that 's the stuff ussr toyed with , but now i 'm less sure . 
  bannon is a fan of lenin ? 
  thought you might be , but decided to make sure . 
  thanks for clarification !, 
  hope you do n't mind if i use this post to ask , what about ukraine ? 
  russian news sites say they got approved visa free status , good into effect in summer , but i ca n't find anything on western news about it . 
  can anyone help , please ? 
  why not ? 
  so china is slowly buying out europe ? 
  huh , ukraine jokes , really ? 
  figured it 'd be america or something . 
  also , what 's it with estonia jokes.in latvia and lithuania ? 
  this whole sub is biased towards ukrainian side . 
  it looks tired, 
  we do n't even share a border, 
  please , no . 
  portugal , you okay ? 
  yeeeah i doubt that . 
  who the hell wants to take over 40 million people with less than positive attitude towards the takeoverer ? 
  why is putin `` the tall '' ? 
  do you honestly think any of the recent international actions by russia had * anything * to do with values ? 
  my bet is on expats, 
  what for ? 
  do n't forget planting the star spangled banner on top of lenin 's mausoleum !, 
  does anyone here honestly believe sanctions will be lifted ? 
  holy hell, 
  well he * does * care . 
  that 's where he gets his wealth from , ya know ? 
  which one of them hates their own country ? 
  thank you very much !, 
  airspace violation , according to the official version . 
  and before you say it was justified , may i point to the fact that such transgressions happened with other countries in the region ( israel for instance ) , but a peaceful agreement was reached , without any sabre rattle . 
  you point is invalid . 
  okay so i 'm pretty out of the loop on french politics , but is n't macron a socialist ? 
  previous articles caller him that . 
  how is he a centrist ? 
  it 's not about certainty , it never was . 
  any hostile action will be considered under it being russian . 
  edit : oh , and if you do n't believe there are people willing to fight a `` nuclear power '' , look at the other guy i 'm arguing with . 
  he certainly believes otherwise . 
  the fact remains that baltic states have not been annexed , despite , as you say , not having their own nukes . 
  gee , i wonder why ? 
  oooh , i 'm a propaganda writer now ? 
  who knew !, 
  wonder if i 'm owed some salary , as apparently i 'm on a payroll !, 
  i do remember the jet story . 
  i also remember how it was an attack * by * a nato member , not an attack * against * it . 
  ah , there we go , hitler comparison . 
  was waiting for it to pop up eventually .
