  check it out sometime, 
  well you see , the light , reflected from venus got onto a blob of swamp gas, 
  the implication is that dasha `` gives '' ( daet ) , as in puts out, 
  ah , right . 
  thanks !, 
  do n't self-diagnose, 
  wow , 15 hours before the nazi comparison . 
  you 're getting slow , y' all, 
  is n't that the one about russian invasion ? 
  you sure ? 
  were n't several icbm systems produced in ukraine during ussr ? 
  bloody disgusting practice, 
  do n't worry , paranoia is treatable, 
  there 's a lot of them , so statistically speaking , maybe ? 
  around a million and a half . 
  but that 's just one protest , word is , there were several, 
  it 's the little differences, 
  lotta folks from former ussr were n't happy when victory day thread happened . 
  it even got to r/shitwehraboossay, 
  not sure what the word you 're using , but this fellow is making a wordplay on female names, 
  you poor soul, 
  thanks !, 
  but does it flow ? 
  man , i always forget about them, 
  was n't sure about the number , thanks !, 
  not entirely sure i understand this expression . 
  could you explain ? 
  foreign finger behind an earthquake ? 
  how ? 
  like a climate weapon or something ? 
  maybe he was appointed from above ? 
  it already is, 
  here 's hoping, 
  cool !, 
  where is it ? 
   yeah , historically russian enemies has been predominantly from the west after the mongols were dealt with . 
  allow me to disagree . 
  the sheer amount of khanates we had to fight in the past comes to mind , not to mention , what , 2-3 russo-turkish wars ? 
  you 're crying in the desert here , i 'm afraid . 
  i 've been trying to say this for months , but nothing came of it . 
  conspiritards gon na conspiritard, 
   the older officers used the terms `` russians '' and `` enemy '' interchangebly . 
  sounds like an average day on this sub, 
  nah nah , those are are clearly star wars stormtroopers, 
  that 's hilarious !, 
  how was it ? 
  thanks !, 
  how 's everyone 's holidays going ? 
  corruption and stuff, 
  what does the girl in # 10 wear ? 
  some kinda enthnic headwear ? 
  everyone worth their weight has one, 
  thanks for elaboration !, 
  they usually take cellphones away beforehand, 
  looks great, 
  i 'm concerned . 
  on the one hand , those are.old khrushchevki we 're talking about , they 're going to crumble sooner or later . 
  on the other hand , people are being forced away from the city center in a `` shut up and do what you 're told '' fashion , which is never good . 
  i strongly suspect the space freed by the renovation will be used to build shiny shopping malls , owned by someone close to city government . 
  i also fear this practice will be deemed a success and starts to get used all across country . 
  and the further from the capital , the harder it is to control the process . 
  in short , good idea , lackluster execution . 
  why not ? 
  i meant more in terms of economic boom , but this is interesting news . 
  thanks !, 
  definitely, 
  ah , so it did happen . 
  thanks !, 
  if you do n't mind slight off-topic , iirc there were some talks about draft return in lithuania . 
  did that actually happen , or am i confusing the news ? 
  would n't it be reconquista 2 ? 
  great job , doctors !, 
  you did the math, 
  you 're probably right . 
  glad you 're enjoying the show and thanks for the info !, 
  it pretty much breathes history, 
  my mind is officially blown . 
  thank you !, 
  it 's a good series , watched it myself, 
  wait , i thought kukhnya was n't an original show , but an adaptation of an existing western one , as often happens . 
  you 're saying it 's the other way around ? 
  in africa maybe, 
  what 's the context ? 
  any good cutlet recipes ? 
  it would be funny , it were n't so sad * flashback to four lane traffic jam on a two lane road *, 
  same here, 
  no argument on either point, 
  `` hacked '' is a pretty fancy way of saying `` sent phishing email '' . 
  besides , i 'm not sure we ever got concrete evidence of the hackers really being from russian government other than it being `` common knowledge '' . 
  still , if you wish to be paranoid and panic every time kremlin decides to make a pr stunt , that 's your choice . 
  ah , that explains it . 
  thanks !, 
  exactly !, 
  that 's kinda paranoid , do n't you think ? 
  conventional forces would be enough . 
  russia , on the other hand , is not likely to defeat nato without nukes . 
  and if that happens , nato will use theirs . 
  that 's the basic scenario . 
  no argument from me on this, 
  free travel makes cooperation and trade easier , as well giving people a more favorable view on the eu , as opposed to other alliances .
