  looks pretty, 
  the moment * anything * goes south in the baltics , russia will be the first suspect . 
  that 's just how it works now . 
  plus , as callous as it may sound , ukraine is not exactly on sweden level when it comes to international attention and importance . 
  thanks for the link though , i 'll watch it later . 
  is this why all those forces are being transported to poland and lithuania ? 
  to drink beer ? 
  it 's common for flies to eat shit . 
  i 'm not gon na suggest you do.the same though , even if the number of flies liking shit is more than the number of humans who do n't . 
  this guy gets it . 
  article five . 
  right there . 
  just look at any thread about le pen , or a recent one about tusk . 
  all there already . 
  thanks !, 
  first . 
  i am not polarizing anything , i am asking a question to better understand their position . 
  second . 
  i was not asking you . 
  budapest memorandum guaranteed sovereignty of ukraine . 
  nato agreement * directly states * what would happen in members should come under attack . 
  let 's not confuse flies and cotlets here . 
  if you do n't mind me asking , do you personally support trump or maybe parts of his program , if not him specifically ? 
  you are wrong . 
  as long as baltic states remain in nato , they are safe from takeover , trump or not, 
  the other poster said ww1 . 
  so i still do n't quite understand what einter of you mean . 
  are reddit links like this allowed ? 
  who 's `` we '' ? 
  does it matter ? 
  it 's not that bad , although it did not age well at all . 
  i really like the setting though . 
  forests , old stone towns . 
  it 's nice , you know ? 
  tovarish, 
  no problem, 
  okay, 
  thanks !, 
  so 2 days later i finally watched it and it 's neither offensive , nor too cranberry . 
  it 's rather par for the course with advertising . 
  read it as chechenization and got.really confused, 
  what ? 
  what 's the difference ? 
  username checks out, 
  reset the timer, 
   chaotic regardless that kinda fits, 
  the plot thickens, 
  seriously . 
  i could understand them mistaking a serbian flag or something , especially if the shield was n't very visible . 
  but czech flag has different geometry !, 
  thank you !, 
  aye , i 'd say the same about construction jobs or other such important , but hardly stellar pair jobs, 
  call to violence maybe ? 
  or something, 
  are the victims okay ? 
  apparently vostok 3 launched today . 
  which is nice . 
  thank you find your opinion !, 
  however , i will disagree on two major points : 1 . 
  the concept of sin largely includes.not just crimes against people/nature/property , but god ( s ) . 
  god can not represent themself in the court to vouch for or against sinner , so it must be done by a human representative . 
  and humans are prone to corruption . 
  you can barely trust lawmakers not to abuse their power , how can you possibly trust a representative of a higher being ? 
  you ca n't call god on the phone and complain should the priest misinterpret some scripture . 
  as a sidenote , plenty of things are considered sinful that bear no harm neither to individual , nor to society at large . 
  wearing mixed fabrics or sex out of wedlock . 
  should people be prosecuted for such sinful acts ? 
  i 've noticed you use christian values and family values . 
  but a sizable chunk of our population is muslim . 
  there are buddhists in asian part of the country . 
  i 'm an atheist myself , and as such am automatically a sinner . 
  what should we do with people who do n't follow christianity ? 
  forced conversion ? 
  that does n't sound like freedom . 
  ignore them and go on ? 
  that 's creating a schism in society . 
  make special rules ? 
  but those already exist in a form of religion-unspecific laws . 
  all in all , i 'm not convinced christian values are that superior . 
  ca n't watch it on mobile right now , but i 'll tell you asap, 
  thanks !, 
  back where ? 
  my humor detector is failing these days, 
  happy yo help !, 
  by infrastructure do you mean construction jobs and such ? 
  thank you for the explanation !, 
  maybe the show is playing on the classic hollywood `` everything eastern bloc is basically russia '' method ? 
  ah , my bad , sorry . 
  okay , let 's discuss it . 
  how and why should they be protected ? 
  and for that matter , what do you understand by christian values ? 
  ( hope you do n't mind me using english , it 's a public discussion after all ), 
  sorry , it may not exist outside of russian language . 
  `` branching cranberry '' is used to describe a very stereotypical depiction of russia . 
  think schwarzenegger in red heat , or the guys in 4th indiana jones . 
  vodka , matryoshka , balalaika , stuff like that . 
  the joke is that cranberry is n't really branching . 
  i used it because the show definitely seemed to play on those old tropes , although in a somewhat satirical way . 
  also , fellow russian speakers , correct me if i translated * \u0440\u0430\u0437\u0432\u0435\u0441\u0438\u0441\u0442\u0430\u044f \u043a\u043b\u044e\u043a\u0432\u0430 * incorrectly, 
  just do n't start getting your own , okay ?
