  it had more to do with then president trying to play both sides and people being * seriously * tired of that . 
  well , duh ? 
  export them to denmark ? 
  we are numbah one !, 
  it does look nice, 
  dude , you do n't ride pets !, 
  bears are awesome, 
  there were some real freaky storms in moscow and several other areas . 
  thanks !, 
  sooo . ? 
  they were n't conducting police action in cyprus . 
  it was a visit , judging by the article . 
  an exchange of experience . 
  that seems to be a visit to colleagues , not deployment . 
  like where ? 
  i 'm drawing a blank, 
  such pathos in the headline, 
  especially before dinner, 
  that 's pretty neat, 
  do you mean peacekeeping in chechnya ? 
  because that 's still within our borders, 
  insert `` borders do n't end '' joke, 
  well that 's just stupid , if true . 
  just how many jurisdictions do they want to cram into one agency ? 
  tl ; dr for us poor folks on mobile ? 
  do n't think you 're wrong here . 
  but the way you put it is better than the original comment was . 
  here 's the thing . 
  i agree with everything you just said . 
  everything . 
  but it has nothing to do with mine or the original comment . 
  not even kremlin is interested in simply causing endless problems for ukraine . 
  that 's an oversimplification . 
  kremlin benefits from ukraine doing what it says . 
  that means stable , but obedient . 
  definitely goes against complete sovereignty , that much is true , but i feel saying things like `` all russia wants is to cause problems ! '', 
  is an oversimplification that both paints a wrong picture ( with incorrect methods of resolving ) and furthers the crisis . 
  well that 's not bad at all, 
  probably , aye, 
  thanks for answering !, 
  any ideas in particular ? 
  i 'm honestly not sure what you mean . 
  thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  geez . 
  well i 'm just glad there are n't deaths . 
  thanks !, 
  mail rail !, 
  even saying it is fun, 
  my cabbages !, 
  that 's just iceberg cold, 
  if you do n't mind , why are you glad croatia was on the axis side in ww2 ? 
  pushkin flamewars . 
  never thought i 'd live to see that . 
  saw the article . 
  patiently waiting for explosions to happen . 
  who would 've thought i had such power . 
  i 'm a bit out of the loop , what happened to ukrainian migrants ? 
  well that looks bad . 
  are people ok ? 
  great stuff, 
  pretty sure most murders in russia involve knives . 
  shootings happen , but are less common . 
  feel free to correct me . 
  whoa !, 
  forgot about the naval one , thanks !, 
  do you mean anyone in particular ? 
  been there as a tourist and absolutely loved it !, 
  got caught by surprise when learned there 's a british military base and a big one too . 
  also apparently there are a lot of russian immigrants working in it . 
  thanks !, 
  and a general low level of life, 
  thank you, 
  you 're likely right on the money about younger generation vs older generation, 
  they 're good dogs, 
  what are the charges ? 
  what is he famous for ? 
   not supported on your device there are easier ways to say my phone is.old yo, 
  thank you for the explanation !, 
  well said, 
  is it surprising ? 
  very sun tzu of them, 
  cool, 
  got ta ask , are garden colonies similar to russian dachas ? 
  is that a surprise ? 
  sad , but true, 
  meduza is somewhat slow with translations , it 's no biggie, 
  good luck, 
  that 's pretty darn great news, 
  honestly did n't want to think this way , but looking back at the d-day thread a couple of weeks ago , i 'm starting to have questions . 
  never met any of said many , strangely enough . 
  in russian , yes . 
  in english - do n't think so . 
  at least never seen it used . 
  \u041f\u043e-\u0430\u043d\u0433\u043b\u0438\u0439\u0441\u043a\u0438 would also make `` on english '' . 
  that makes two of us . 
  strange days . 
  and here you are . 
  providing proof that you wanted genocide . 
  because that what would happen if ussr fell .
