grand prix around slovenia ? 
  why there is no loud music in slovenia ? 
  hi , this is slovenian air traffic cont ... ? 
   c'mon , do n't do this to me , i said in the very first sentence that you can never tell in an individual case . 
  i was talking about populations and frequencies of phenotypes . 
  i do n't know man , look at some sports teams or something , there is no way to say which team is from serbia and which is from croatia . 
  if you walk through belgrade then through zagreb ( as melting pots of serbia and croatia ) you ca n't tell the difference to say `` serbs look like this '' and `` croats look like this '' . 
   yes , and you 're more likely to meet him in serbia than in northern croatia . 
  but dinaroid types are the a huge majority in both serbia and croatia . 
  well i 'm not saying that serbian and croatian are not closely related , they are the closest languages possible , i 'm just saying that serbocroatian and similar things are just forced , even if they were a same language at same point they are not anymore , there are enough differences to say so . 
  i could never in my life tell who 's serb and who 's croat by their appearance , never in a million years , you must have some special abilities . 
  this guy you posted looks like every other dinaroid out there . 
  it 's just stupid to talk about serbian and croatian phenotypes since this area of europe is one of the most heterogeneous in the terms of genetic makeup . 
  but for one thing i do agree with you , we have a little to nothing in common with the rest of slavic population , we are linguistic slavs mostly , we have more illyrian and other native balkan people genes than slavic ones . 
  especially since both serbia and croatia have most of their population origin from dalmatia/herzegovina/montenegro the epicenter of native genes . 
  well i 'm telling the same thing , a nation is a cultural thing , it has nothing to do with physical appearance , especially here in the balkan which has always been a melting pot . 
  if serbian and croatian are the same language then swedish , norwegian and danish are also the same language . 
  most of the linguists consider serbian and croatian to be a separate languages , and they are drifting apart , there are more and more differences every year . 
  i do n't think so , there are enough differences for them to be separate languages , there are a lot of words that are different , some grammar things etc. 
  serbian and croatian are not the same language and even if they were a language does not define a nation , just look at south america . 
  and what are those differences ? 
   dalmatia only had a provincial diet , nothing more . 
  bih did not have one at all to my knowledge . 
  ok , i 'm no expert in a-h history i just know that they had some sort of assembly and that dalmatia was a kingdom within a-h same as croatia-slavonia . 
   again , it was no official representation , just a couple dudes who were on that side of the argument . 
  if you say so . 
   there were protests though . 
  no uprising because , again , for the fifth time , there was no other viable option . 
  than why just a couple of dudes signed corfu declaration , what were the other croatian politicians of that time doing ? 
  what was their option if only the minority signed the corfu declaration ? 
  ( since you said it that there were no other options ) . 
   croatia existed as a political entity in that one though . 
  it is tiresome for me to have to repeat myself over and over again . 
  dude , but it was occupied , croatian people had no say in absolutist monarchy , nobody had . 
  croatia had a foreign ruler that made all the decisions . 
  what 's the point in a `` political entity '' what is its purpose ? 
   some did , the parliament did not and was in turn dissolved . 
  if you say so . 
   ... i am not pushing any blame here at all . 
  good . 
   yes . 
   yes , a lot smaller . 
  this is my whole point of this discussion , croatians willingly accepted yugoslavia and karadjordjevic 's , they accepted yugoslavia as it were . 
  in that case you ca n't talk about occupation , it was not a military occupation , there were no uprisings , major protests , nothing . 
  how can you talk about occupation then , remember occupation mean something which is done by force and against the will of people , croatians knew what they were doing when they entered yugoslavia and they done it for a reason . 
  i 'm going to conclude are discussion here because it 's not going anywhere , we are not going to convince each other in something else . 
   dalmatia had a provincial diet , not a parliament of a state . 
  i do not think bih had a parliament at all . 
  both bih and dalmatia had some sort of parliament , and dalmatia was officially kingdom of dalmatia , but this is not the point , the point is that the shs state was a new entity and a state that was recognized by serbia only , it was a newly formed state . 
   it just means being seized by either political or military force , which is what happened . 
  no war or resistance is needed for that definition . 
  croatians created the state of shs , croatian politicians willingly signed corfu declaration and there was no upraising , no protest or anything and you are still telling me that was occupation but the absolutist habsburg empire was n't . 
  then ok .  the serbs decided to expand themselves , the issue was that there were two options , the greater serbia option or yugoslavia , one was chosen , and it was not federal in any sense , croatia and slovenia were directly absorbed into what was basically a renamed serb state . 
  croatians could declare independence like czech and slovaks did , croatian politicians are the one who accepted karadjordjevic 's and their terms . 
   i already explained it multiple times . 
  they wanted it ... after the first option went off the table . 
  so it 's not all serbian fault . 
  italians also wanted a large chunk of croatia , croatians accepted yugoslavia and karadjordjevic 's , they accepted yugoslavia as it was . 
  they could choose the path of independence , croatia might be smaller but it would not be occupied ( by your logic ) . 
   they had no country within the a-u , unlike croats , so when shs was being formed , they basically had no statehood whatsoever . 
  state of shs also had dalmatia and bosnia and herzegovina which both had their parliaments in a-h . 
  even if the state of shs had zagreb as capital that country was form together with slovenian and serbian politicians in a-h .  i am not arguing that they did not want it , i am merely point out why they did want it . 
  but if someones agrees on something and croatians knew that they would live in yugoslavia and that karadjordjevic 's would be it 's ruling dynasty how can we talk about occupation as occupation implies that something is done by force and against the will of people . 
   then this is mostly just a translation issue . 
  occupation in the sense of political annexation or seizure of control does not require military conquest , even though often times it is a result of it . 
  to that point , there were protests in croatia , just not a lot since all political resistance was gone quickly . 
  same as above , occupation implies that something is done by force against people 's will like military conquest , that did not happened . 
  nobody in the 1920s or 1930s had anything against yugoslavia , croatians even managed to get they autonomy and parliament , how can something like that be achieved during occupation ? 
   eh , there was political discussion but the political will from the serb side was mostly on the king himself , who personally desired to expand his rule . 
  some politicians in serbia were against it but yeah you are right , the king did wanted a bigger state but there were external pressures , france wanted yugoslavia as much as they wanted czechoslovakia , they wanted to crush the german influence in the region , also the uk and the usa were in favor . 
  pretty much everybody wanted it , it 's not like serbs decided to occupy croatians . 
   they did have to , it was either that or serbia and italy splitting croatia as they saw fit . 
  there were still a lot of politicians in serbia arguing for a simple and direct expansion of serbia into greater serbia , and to leave what was left of croatia and slovenia outside said borders as a separate puppet state ... which is something the serbs should have obviously done in hindsight , but the king wanted the whole of croatia and slovenia under his rule , thus , the unification was done instead . 
  you are right again , serbs wanted expansion as any country after ww1 , that 's why i 'm saying that france pressured serbia to create yugoslavia no mater what , and with the kings ambitions there were it was , yugoslavia . 
   just a few random who were present did , there was no official representation there . 
  did trumbic was a random croatian politician or radic or macek ? 
  cmon man , you said it yourself , yugoslavia was a better solution for croatians in 1918 . people wanted it you said it yourself , politicians wanted it , the west wanted it and now you are saying that somehow serbs cheated and made croatians to join yugoslavia ... 
  decide did croatians wanted it or not ? 
   no , the state of shs was croatia , just a lot larger and weirder . 
  the capital was in zagreb and the croatian parliament was the official government . 
  i do n't think slovenians would agree on that . 
   no , i meant that the pressure from italy into annexing the entire west slovenia and the coastal areas on the adriatic pushed a lot of people into unifying with serbia . 
  so people wanted it or not ? 
  i 'm not saying that 's not true with the italian pressure but i 'm trying to figure it out did the people wanted it or serbs just occupied them . 
   if croats wanted yugoslavia , why would they be so energetic and obsessed with the futile venture of forming the state of shs in the first place ? 
  why did they not just join up with the kingdom of serbia at the end of the war instead of spending months crawling on whatever door they could knock just to prevent that until unification was basically inevitable ? 
  i do n't know if croatians wanted that , i 'm asking you . 
  i just know that kingdom of serbia united with the state of shs and that there was no war or anything , it went peaceful as far as i know . 
  if that was occupation you would expect at least some war , protests of whatever . 
  who made unification inevitable ? 
  do you know that france pressured serbia to create yugoslavia in order to stop german influence in the balkans ? 
   erm , i did not mean military occupation or conquest , but political annexation , which counts as occupying a country . 
  i 'm telling you , why croatians accepted that , they did n't have to . 
  why did croatian politicians signed corfu declaration ? 
  why croatians formed shs state along with slovenians , croatia was dissolved ( as you like to say ) already in the shs state and croatian politicians created it . 
  did serbs formed shs state from belgrade ? 
  so italy is to blame for creation of yugoslavia ? 
  again , did someone forced shs state to unite with serbia ? 
  first you are saying that parliament never making the decision and now you are saying that italian soldiers were marching ? 
  did croatians wanted yugoslavia or not ?
