  and the fact that the guys at bigwigs keep making a vastly better programmed boss timers addon while recieving only a fraction of that money says everything you could possibly need to know about the situation and the value of this guy 's feedback . 
  bitch please , i 'm buddha . 
  sounds like you did n't try to play skyrim without skyui . 
  `` stupidly atrocious design '' does n't even begin to describe it . 
   that 's how a free market works . 
  there 's not a single free market in the world . 
  wrex . 
  you 're probably too late , pretty much all the hardcore / semi-hardcore people are already getting 840 + gear from mythic dungeons and do n't have to spend hundreds of thousands of gold to gear fast anymore . 
  mythic dungeons drop all epics dude , they 'll never go that high again . 
  let them die . 
  healing dhs is the fucking worst . 
  who the fuck tries to pour gasoline onto a fire ? 
  yeah , wow is completely doomed because they did n't check the lesbians box sooner . 
  clearly . 
  for me , it also makes the vanilla crafting windows either inaccessible , completely blank or mismatched ( like , pressing the cooking button and getting the engineering window ) . 
  all of this goes away by not loading tsm_crafting . 
  my bank alt is called brojob too !, 
  he 's a shirtless fluffy panda . 
  that comically horrible . 
  is this serious ? 
  any chance of in-game biotics being anywhere near lore-friendly died with the release of mass effect 2 . 
  * marcus bristled . 
  `` what ? 
  this is a two-handed sword , enchanted to the hilt . 
  * perhaps not as big as you 've seen , but i know a few tricks to really make it sing . 
  til civilized societies are childish . 
  this is what actually happened at bioware before mass effect 3 . 
  it ended up well ... 
  ca n't say i had a problem so far , did the 8 mythics on the first save with perfectly competitive dps . 
  in fact , performance during these first 2 weeks before the 67k ata reset is a lot better than i thought it would be . 
   but bioware made some changes and remade the entire script in like 3 months . 
  not `` bioware '' , two writers , without input from the rest of the writing team . 
  and it shows ... 
   my pc ca n't even run 4k , even though its a top tier build . 
  if it ca n't run current games on 4k @ at least 30fps your build is not anywhere near top tier . 
  to put it in perspective , the current top tier ( gtx 1080 , decent cpu ) plays battlefield 1 on 4k at around 70fps , and battlefield 1 looks vastly better than what they 've showed there . 
  the difference between `` high '' and `` ultra '' on current games is generally unnoticeable , many of the highest end techniques have a very small impact on the perceived graphical quality while demanding massive amounts of processing power in comparison . 
  some games even look better at slightly lower settings ( due to less post-processing crap ) . 
  scorpio has the hardware to handle 4k@30fps in current titles just fine , but it 's more than a year away . 
   we actually know it 's not true, 
  according to the kind of hardware that microsoft said scorpio would be aiming at , 4k@30fps will be perfectly doable on currently releasing games . 
  you vastly overestimate how much gpu power you need to play at 4k@30fps without `` maxing absolutely everything '' . 
  if course it can , people have played plenty of games at 4k@30fps on cards that are now more than two years old . 
  why do some people think that a gtx1080 is needed to run 4k games ? 
  they 're not aiming at 60fps nor the * max settings * meme . 
   i watched it on my 4k 65 '' tv and it was the greatest looking video game i 've ever seen . 
  sounds like you need to look at more games , because the visuals here are mediocre and the animations are just bad . 
  battlefield 1 looks , moves and ( if dai is any indication ) runs a lot better and even though it uses the same engine . 
  lower than 30fps according to the video . 
  alpha / beta is just marketing these days . 
  those screenshots are absolutely not rendered at 4k , not even close . 
  i know , those are the ones i 'm talking about . 
  i 've literally never seen a pug dps use a defensive cooldown since the release of legion . 
  so i 've decided that i rather just wait on the queue as retri for hours than turn my room into a saltern . 
   there 's more of a stigma to the word homosexual, 
  have you tried gitting gud instead ? 
  it works . 
  you yanks are weird ... 
   can be somewhat clinical, 
  it 's biology , so it sounds like biology . 
  the only defining characteristic of homosexuals is that we are homosexual , that 's literally the one and only meaning of the word , why would you avoid the word that best describes the behaviour that you 're referring to ? 
  do you also randomly avoid naming other behaviours / traits like left-handedness or under biting ? 
   because it originated as a diagnosis for a particular mental disorder, 
  what ? 
  that makes no sense , the word originated as an adjective to describe a behaviour that humans have noticed and named for thousands of years before psychiatry began to even remotely be a thing . 
   context is important , it carries a connotation, 
  yeah , the connotation that those people are sexually attracted to the same sex , which is exactly the case . 
  `` homosexuality '' is no more clinical than `` brown hair '' and there 's absolutely no reason to avoid it , if anything , the fact that someone would is what could make me raise an eyebrow . 
  this is why you listen to jaina . 
  the default ui has raid alerts since quite a few years ago . 
  why even engage videogames ? 
   the gay community itself rarily refers to itself as homosexual , but rather as `` lgbt '' or `` gay '' . 
  but those are two different things . 
  not all ( i would say the majority here ) homosexual people are into the whole gay * community * / lgbtwtfbbq + thing , and i seriously doubt that is the case in the us . 
  if you 're referring to homosexual people use the word homosexual , if you 're referring to someone that decides to be lgbt or whatever then use that word , that 's the whole point of words , communicating precise ideas . 
  surely you would n't talk about people with red hair as the `` red-haired community '' ? 
  +15 yo backend . 
  and videogame studios are not exactly known for creating well written highly maintainable code to begin with ... 
  i just wish they either let us choose the divine steed mount ( a random from favourites for example ) . 
  draenei look great , but the human horse model is so outdated ... 
  it 's just memes at this point , the mobility is not great but not horrible either . 
  we have the combat mount ( two charges with talent ) , a ranged slow and freedom . 
  well , ashbringer 's stupid design definitely does n't help . 
  retribution 's dps is actually fine with pre-raid gear / traits , but the first two or three weeks are awkward because ashes to ashes is absolutely mandatory to perform decently and it takes ~ 70k ap to get through the proper path . 
  most people did n't know about the short ata -  67k reset strategy . 
  i welcome the pruning overlords . 
   implied, 
  * the powerful tauren swung his arms out wide , as if to crush marcus in a mighty hug . 
  `` blades of light ! '', 
  proclaimed the paladin . 
  a huge , pulsating sword thrust up from the ground between the two combatants , tearing through armor and clothing , searing the thick chest hair of marcus and cutting a fine line into the tauren 's muscular chest . 
  before they could move again . 
  tanda raised her hooved leg into the air and brought it down with warlike force . 
  the man and the bull wobbled , clearly stunned . 
  `` stop it . 
  both of you !, 
  * marcus regained his composure and looked at tanda , and then to bax . 
  fur was ruffled and the bare parts of their leathery skin glistened with sweat . 
  as they all stared one another down , the rediculously good-looking marcus spoke . 
  `` well , since we 're mostly undressed already ... '' *,
