  as a real life trans person this makes me super sad . 
  people on reddit think this kind of bullshit is super pervasive in the trans community because this is what makes the news . 
   i feel like asking for what they are asking delegitimizes my fight . 
  like , i do n't want new pronouns . 
  i want to be treated with respect , not mocked on the street and rejected by my family , and not stabbed to death . 
  this is the reason why i 've been openly anti lgbtwtfbbq + for years despite being homosexual . 
  as someone who has grown in a country that has had equal rights for more than decade and where the current generation has grown up with equality as the status quo it 's sad to see these people try to undermine all the good that previous generations fought for just to justify their existence somehow ( and thus , the government money ) . 
  i 'm perfectly aware that the movement is very much needed in many places , but hope that it gets to `` die a hero '' there instead of becoming the yet another loudspeaker for perpetual victims that it is in spain . 
  move to macos . 
  those people are free to go to other websites if they do n't agree with the whole fucking point of reddit . 
   tanks top the damage meters in regular , heroic and mythic . 
  i have extremely bad news for your dps . 
  * shitty sites, 
   many situations i have wisdom and kings on my healer and tank for 5 mans, 
  you 're doing it wrong . 
  kings could theoretically save a tank once every 3 millennia , but you wo n't live that long . 
  and wisdom amounts to like an extra heal every minute , might is objectively superior by a pretty huge margin . 
  and we 've cleared then with a mix of 805 ~ 810 perfectly fine on the first save . 
  but when i pug something i do n't want to deal with people , so i ask for 845 ( probably 850/855 after today ) . 
  why would i want 820 players when i can get 845 ones ? 
  one of the best links i 've seen on this subreddit . 
  that 's the wrong thing . 
  because everyone knows that only game developers end up having to touch colour data at some point . 
  the web is only text , desktop computers are not used for gui applications and smartphones come with b&w screens . 
   in marx 's communism he intended for the vast majority to live off the total output of a minority forced to work . 
  no , he did n't . 
  sounds like you have read exactly 0 pages of das kapital . 
   gaygoogles from outer space, 
  woah , so racist . 
  [ every time i see that tld . 
   but i dropped ret and for prot for my questing and it 's so much nicer, 
  retry is far better than prot for questing if you bring brodicator boros with you , he just tanks the entire broken islands for days without a flash of light while you casually wack the bad guys . 
  good stuff . 
  or they could stop doing stupid things like ... you know , hiding content behind extremely repetitive grindy reps. 
   you only win because you play more, 
  we 're sorry for living in societies with sane work/live balance where people work ~ 8 hours/day instead of ~ 10 . 
  i 'll remember to check my privilege during the next 30day paid holidays that my ass is entitled to every year . 
  [ now you only need to find a way to somehow buy top-tier society with all that money . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_inequality-adjusted_hdi ), 
  i 'd ask norway , they 're really fucking good at that kind of thing . 
  there 's no need to be rude mate ... but yes , the european gdp ( ppp ) per capita is indeed higher than the american . 
  not that it matters much , i 'd rather live in let 's say santiago or mexico city than in budapest or moscow . 
   * literally *, 
  you retards need to stop using that word . 
  and i can / follow someone on the raid team and do nothing else while they finish mythic with 19 people . 
  * mythic can be done while literally afk , herp derp . 
  we dragged an afk guildie last weekend . 
  ironically , he got a legendary from ursoc ... 
   plenty of people have been banned for hoarding items just to sell them at inflated prices . 
  no , they have n't . 
  you 've been trolled . 
  that 's not how a market works . 
   yeah but if that does n't translate into overall performance , what 's the point ? 
  that 's literally all the point in bosses like ursoc . 
  ca n't say i 've had any problems , on my lfr everyone seemed to know more or less what to do and we oneshotted the three bosses with only two deaths ( both inside the tree ) . 
   deadlybossmods should be part of the base game . 
  the default ui already has raid / dungeon ability alerts . 
  and dbm is fucking horrible , if you want an addon to yell at you to do things then feel free to install it , but it should absolutely not be part of the game 's user interface . 
   3 stacks of greater blessing of might +90 % ... 
  each blessing overrides itself and you ca n't have more than 3 out at a time . 
   guys are really horny, 
  ftfy, 
  it makes sense that men would take an overall more casual aproach to sex . 
   most women love brad pitt and so do most gay guys . 
  [ citation needed ], 
   recording the cat-calling she gets . 
  [ like this one ? 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/75ax9mlipiy?t=28s ), 
   lol women have to worry about things like violence and rape slightly more than men do generally . 
  no , they do n't . 
  men are vastly more affected by violence than women , at least if we 're talking about north america / europe . 
  because pulling some os audio codec from github , building a very simple backend ( those are already made too ) and have the art guys draw one or two ui elements takes like ... months of work , clearly . 
   * imagine someday we have the technology to break all physics know to man . 
   * implying the un has done anything of note *, 
   the admins my shadowban your new account immediately . 
  how ? 
  change browser and ip and there 's absolutely no way they could know . 
  such as ? 
  browser fingerprinting techniques do n't not follow you across browsers , ip is trivial to change or mask at will , mac does not leave the local network and exposed system values like language / fonts are waaaaaaay too broad to reliably identify unique users ( and they can be easily hidden to begin with ) . 
  there may be some other way to do it that i 'm not aware off though . 
  that 's why i asked . 
  those are all limited to the client , they 're not consistent across players . 
  there 's currently an api to get player positions . 
  but it will be blocked inside raid instances once 7.1 comes out , that addon wo n't be around for much longer . 
  i like how the last site update was 4 years ago . 
   university 's gender-based misconduct office, 
  lol, 
  americans willingly pay thousands of dollars/year for that shit ? 
  stop projecting mate . 
  * ~ ~ argentina ~ ~ colombia is white !, 
   a huge risk for the world 's some superpower , absolutely . 
  how ? 
  dunno about the rest of world , but a shameless isolationist sounds infinitely better than a savage warmonger to me . 
  but i could n't care less about any of that stuff , i 'm not american . 
  trump is a proven clown and clinton is a proven warmonger , i 'd rather see funny things happening on the other side of the atlantic than more dead people in the me ( or whatever other region she and her friends decide to wreck next ) . 
  this is why i 'd rather flip burgers than work on web nonsense . 
   supporting a single project for 5 years is a nightmare for anyone . 
  lol, 
  it 's not , whatsoever . 
  i bet you also say `` thank you '' every time a dps kills someone or reinhardt raises a shield .
