  you 're not wrong . 
  # 10 b in the bank will be nice ... 
  you 've not pretended very well . 
  who is saying or said that we had no say ? 
  i 'm certainly not . 
  to suggest that the eu was ever some kind of uk dictatorship where we dictated the terms of the agreements i would suggest is completely false . 
  i would be nice to think that leaving the eu will remove the eu as scapegoat but i think you 're being rather optimistic . 
  i expect the eu will become a far bigger scapegoat when we are out . 
  every time the eu does something that is counter to the uk interest , you can bet that the same publications that backed brexit will be ultra negative about the eu . 
  to cover their own backs if nothing else . 
  they backed brexit , so they either need it to work or blame the eu for it not working . 
  there was only a mechanism to delay open migration from the new entrants not stop it indefinitely . 
  so , in a way , the uk was powerless in the wake of free movement . 
  really not sure what you are trying to get at . 
  of course the uk was a small part of creating the eu along with all of the other countries in the eu including ireland . 
  thought we joined it in 1972 . 
  so was extant when we joined presumably ? 
  started in the 1940/50s . 
  i think it 's too easy to call them imbeciles . 
  i know plenty of brexiters and they are not imbeciles . 
  the eu has had an effect upon a lot of people , the good effects are a lot less visible than the bad effects . 
  i think your post pretty much proves that you at least are in punishment beating mode . 
  i 'm sure more sane voices will prevail in the end . 
  as much as i would like to end brexit , we ca n't . 
  if democracy is to mean anything then brexit can not be stopped . 
  it must deliver precisely what the brexiters voted for in the referendum but no more . 
  in other words we must leave the eu but precisely how that would be done is a matter for parliament to decide not the brexiters alone . 
  thought you could n't negotiate trade deals as an individual country ? 
  does n't the whole eu have to do the deal ? 
  eu27 still seem to be in punishment beating mode . 
  i doubt we are going to get a real idea of what a deal might look like until the negotiations start in earnest . 
  ex-patriates for us , immigrants to wherever they are going . 
  i am not , nor have i ever been , pro brexit . 
  not . 
  never . 
  ever . 
  ever . 
  invited by some , not others like the king for instance . 
  not quite true https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/william_iii_of_england#invasion_of_england, 
  i 'm jealous we 've not been sucking on the eu teat quite as hard as you guys . 
  we 'd all have an eu hard on if we had . 
  still , somebody 's got to pay into it . 
  do n't worry though , if you need another bail out i 'm sure the hard pressed british tax payer will be happy to stump up again . 
  no comment on the level of eu support though i note . 
  nice bit of misdirection with the ex-colony bit though . 
  < slow hand clap  i 'm deeply hurt . 
  my national self image is now forever rendered asunder because an irish person does n't like people pointing out that they get more out of the eu than pretty well anybody else . 
  have fun defending your subsidy with the germans next time the budget comes up . 
  higher gdp per capita than the uk but a net beneficiary of eu funds . 
  indeed on a per capita , ireland is one of the largest per capita recipients of eu funds in spite of being one of the richest countries in the eu . 
  what wonderful europeans irish people are . 
  it is ridiculous stuff like this that has turned an awful lot of people in the uk off the eu . 
  the economy in a lot of the eu is pretty fragile at the moment with average unemployment  10 % and a nascent banking crisis in germany and italy . 
  the last thing they need is for one of their main trading partners to implode . 
  we 'd suffer the most . 
  but a collapse of the italian banking system for example would not be pretty and could cause a europe wide banking freeze similar to what happened in 2008 . 
  every time its with the imperialism thing . 
  you really do get sick of it after a while . 
  defending your country from what some people did 200 years ago . 
  and people wonder why isolationism is popular . 
  between the iraq war and you guys harping on about empire its no wonder people just want to hunker down . 
  season 12 is due this year , 
   i see quite a lot of people living in uk , who think uk will have greater influence in the world after brexit . 
  they are not speaking for me . 
  i think we will have a lot less influence . 
  and that 's absolutely fine by me . 
  maybe we wo n't invade places then . 
  reduce defence spending and invest the money here . 
   so in 5-10 years time , uk might not even be a g8 country anymore !, 
  and who exactly would care ? 
  i certainly do n't . 
  are we supposed to want these large countries to fail just so we can stay in the g8 ? 
  were the other children born on the ward in `` dutch '' territory given the option of dutch passports ? 
   why would the eu knowingly fund these poorer states ? 
  some of them are pretty rich . 
  some richer than the uk . 
   but any excuse to go `` hahah the uk is shit '' with you i guess . 
  it 's / u/collectiveindividual you are talking to . 
  that 's all he does all day , 
  does n't help much after 7 years though , 
  how do other countries restrict immigration ? 
  the uk is not loving the idea of eu failing . 
  just voted to leave . 
  you ca n't conflate the two . 
  it 's a wonder i ever get any work done . 
  what with dreaming about empire and all . 
  just think of all those people whose rights i could be stamping on right now . 
  agree . 
  the bars pretty low though . 
  you are talking 20-30 years before a uk re-entry referendum could take place . 
  then how many years before uk accept a federal eu state . 
  quite a while i would think . 
  certainly longer than i have left on the planet . 
  * never = in my lifetime, 
  certainly explains brexit . 
  why not . 
  what 's the point of coming to discussion forums like this if you are not prepared to change your mind ? 
  do n't you think the views expressed here are real ? 
  they are very real . 
  probably more real than views expressed in person in many ways .
