i like france . 
  a lot . 
  nearly as much as i like greece . 
  what about sweden , finland , denmark , austria ? 
  are you going to kick them out of the eu as well ? 
  i 'm not cross with anybody . 
  the uk is a long way from being the only eu member with reservations about that . 
  are you going to remove voting rights from ireland , the netherlands etc etc as well ? 
  what exactly is the uk blocking ? 
  would n't be surprised . 
  de gaulle was rather difficult . 
   within a federation the stronger states support and fund the weaker . 
  that already happens does n't it ? 
  ~ ~ 2nd time ~ ~ 3rd time, 
  # 1.90 for a pint of double stout . 
  that 's a rare treat though given how expensive it is . 
  my local is ~ ~ # 1.40 ~ ~ # 1.34 for a pint of dark mild . 
  yes . 
  glad we agree . 
  if there is an economic case for it to be built , then it will be built . 
  the eu finance usually has to be co-financed locally anyway . 
  so , either local and/or national government has already committed to the project . 
  i doubt too many people care what flag is plastered over it . 
  there must be a difference in eu countries that are net contributors and those that are not . 
  if i go past a sign that says the eu contributed i know that did n't really happen , the uk paid for all of it . 
  but , presumably in net beneficiary countries , passing an eu sign gives a nice warm feeling that the eu is making your life better because new money is being invested in your country . 
  uk is a net contributor to eu funds ... so its our money , even what the eu is `` giving '' us . 
  there was nothing in the tory manifesto about what form brexit would take . 
  therefore mps are perfectly entitled to a say what that form should be . 
  nobody is disputing that the uk should leave the eu , merely the form that leaving should take . 
  so , where 's the beef with mps swearing allegiance to the head of state ? 
  do tds swear an oath ? 
  by the grace of god is n't the same as * being * a god . 
  they are part of nato . 
  so , any invasion of eastern europe would bring the usa into the war . 
  unless trump wins of course . 
  usa on their own have more than enough firepower for the russians . 
  anything the rest of europe has is just a bonus . 
  i do n't believe that any monarch has claimed divine rule since charles i. 
  did n't end too well for him . 
  protectionism against the chinese would be a colossally stupid thing to do . 
  every advanced economy developed by `` stealing '' tech from more advanced countries . 
  the pay back will be 1.3 billion people who can buy european goods . 
  and hundreds of millions of people taken out of poverty . 
  do n't blame you . 
  i did n't realise just how much just how much the english and/or british are hated until i started browsing / r/europe ( and / r/ireland / r/scotland ) . 
  and i do n't just mean post referendum either . 
  quite an eye opener . 
   we 're still waiting on that freedom for services do n't hold your breath . 
  how many things did the uk block that other did n't also block ? 
  if you think that all of the problems are going to be solved because the the uk `` blocked '' everything , you may well be disappointed . 
  i was referring to the irish reddit , not the country . 
  have you never visited / r/ireland ? 
   i agree that the world focus will move more to the east but do n't you think it will be better to have a block to negotinate with them then to do that alone ? 
  yes . 
  that would be the ideal situation . 
  problem is that the eu is split between free market countries and more protectionist countries . 
  i think the protectionist countries have the upper hand . 
  i ca n't see that changing very quickly . 
  the uk on its own can be a whole lot more nimble than the eu . 
  only time will tell how that works out . 
   with upcomming superpowers like china or india negotinations will be super easy when you only got a small industry and overblown financial services to offer . 
  both countries have build up their own financial service special regions and will not need gb because you got nothing to offer for them . 
  the eu has a lot to offer at the moment and in the future ( probably ) . 
  being a member of the eu is n't going to change the fact that the centre of gravity in the world is moving towards asia . 
  you could equally make the argument against the german automotive industry . 
  the chinese are already making great strides in making a world class car industry . 
  in 20 years there will be no technical gap between chinese cars and german ones . 
  the same applies to london and its financial services industry . 
  i suspect it will take longer for china to build a world class financial services industry because people do n't trust the chinese government ( including a lot of chinese ) . 
  blair was by no definition a euro sceptic . 
  he even wanted the uk to enter the euro . 
  thankfully , more sensible people prevailed . 
  did n't vote for brexit , but it could well be the best thing that happened to the eu . 
  hopefully , they will finally spur much needed reform . 
  i hope . 
  i am not particularly hopeful . 
  i for one will welcome our punishment beating . 
  i think we 'll manage thanks . 
  according to the charity commission , oxfam just as an example uses 75 % of money raised to alleviate poverty . 
  and 25 % to administer the charity , raise money and some investments . 
  quite a long way from `` most of it [ the money raised ] not actually going to charity '', 
   charity is a for profit business in the uk with most of it not actually going to charity i can google chuggers til the cows come home , still wo n't tell me whether most charity donations do not go to charities . 
  which is why i 'd like to see a reference explaining that assertion . 
  you may be right . 
  sounds an interesting book . 
  how long did it take to write ? 
   charity is a for profit business in the uk with most of it not actually going to charity this assertion is plainly wrong . 
  of course some charities engage in activities i do n't find acceptable , but to smear the rest strikes me as unfair and unjustified . 
  pretty sweeping statement . 
  all charities in the uk are for profit ? 
  find that hard to believe . 
  i know a lot that most definitely are not for profit , run by caring hard working people that do n't deserve to the smeared . 
  can you provide a reference that assertion for me ? 
  absolutely no problem with the eu acting in its own best interests . 
  there is nothing adversarial about acting in your own interests . 
  the eu is n't a hippy commune . 
  scotland only had a referendum two years ago . 
  scotland are not being prevented from leaving the uk . 
  only scottish people can decide that .
