  / r/europe at its finest . 
  ~ 1.1 million . 
  that was never going to happen . 
  i would have thought that brexit helped the federalist cause ? 
  ca n't please some people . 
  me too . 
  i was very upset after the vote . 
  but i am happy to say that / r/europe cured me . 
  i have no kinship with these people . 
  so why should i care whether i am in a union with them . 
  what dream ? 
  are military pensions not a military expense ? 
  best of luck to them . 
  i 'm guessing they 'll run a mile when the first hen party marauds past . 
  you guys are more obsessed about it than we are . 
  missiles are leased from usa . 
  the warheads are manufactured in uk . 
  and they were major net recipients of eu funds until very recently . 
  i think i would be right in stating that the uk has never been a net recipient ? 
  the warheads are 100 % uk developed tech . 
  the nukes are wholly owned and developed by the uk . 
  the missiles are leased from the usa . 
   also if they do n't join in wwi at all germany knocks out france and russia and were back to normal in two years and the whole 20th century looks completely different . 
  you do n't think there might have been consequences for europe had france and russia lost to germany ? 
  maybe france humiliated by germany would have started ww2 instead of germany ? 
  the idea that there is some kind of perfect set of actions that the uk could have done simplifies the very complex politics in europe during the 20th century . 
  odd how everything boils down to being the uks fault in your rather simplistic history . 
  god we are nice !, 
  i am part of the 48 % . 
  i 'm merely commenting on reality , not what i 'd like . 
  of course people have concerns . 
  a `` hard '' brexit is still going to happen anyway and there is literally nothing remainers can do about it . 
  so , i guess i should have said that the remain camp exists , it just happens to be completely impotent . 
  yes . 
  reading stuff you write . 
  how are the `` english '' stopping germany from spending 2 % of their gdp on defence ? 
  speaking as an ex-remainer , the remain camp does n't exist anymore . 
  we are leaving the eu . 
  europe paying to defend itself ? 
  that 'd be a first . 
  your post was so good you decided to post it twice . 
   borrowing is at its highest since the crash , the deficit is getting larger and your public services are teetering . . leaving the eu is not making that any better . 
  love to know your source for that . 
  borrowing most certainly is not at its highest since the crash . 
  deficit is most definitely smaller too . 
  i think you 'll find it 's the uk 's fault . 
  we managed quite happily for  1000 years so i guess we will probably manage . 
   once again the eu has a choice between fucking ireland over , or not fucking ireland over . 
  you do n't even need to ask . 
  you already know the answer . 
  but we love soccer . 
  i was really quite upset when the vote happened and brexit won . 
  i have to say that i have been gradually coming onside since . 
  helps if you read / r/europe . 
  that 's my tip to my fellow remainers . 
   this is just to keep them quiet for now before blaming the eu if it does n't work out i 'll wait and see . 
  may needs the votes of ni mps to pass the vote she indicated she 'd have in her speech . 
  so , i think she is serious about it . 
  i suspect that uk was n't that popular on / r/europe long before the referendum . 
  just par for the course . 
  it was . 
  bought years ago by american corporation and a lot , if not most production now moved to poland . 
  cadbury is american . 
  i hope your politicians have more sense than you . 
  we are all going to be a lot poorer if they are n't . 
  i was thinking of the euro . 
  best part of twenty years in existence and it is still a mess . 
  i 'd go for denmark myself . 
  what with all of their opt outs and all . 
  ca n't be a good european if you have opt outs . 
  according to some of the more europhile members on / r/europe , the uk is the sole reason the eu is n't a paradise on earth . 
  if only it was that simple . 
  if brexit speeds up a unified ireland , that 's a good thing . 
  it looks like it will . 
  how would brits in sweden know if they are victims of xenophobia ? 
  presumably they ca n't speak swedish , so so long as the swedes stick to swedish they can be as xenophobic as they want . 
  i hope you are right . 
  reform is long overdue . 
  i do n't buy the argument that it is the uk holding up the reforms . 
  the idea is to opt out of everything and then negotiate access for specific industries . 
  if may does n't get what she wants , you can be pretty sure she 's going to blame the eu . 
  if she does n't , you can be sure that the newspapers in the uk will . 
  the eu is going to be the scapegoat for a while yet i think . 
  yup . 
  it 's a bitch . 
  still , in forty years maybe we can rejoin . 
  lol . 
  the sun and express used as a source . 
  hopefully europe will develop its own armed forces rendering both french and british forces irrelevant . 
  as a brit , am i supposed to be even a teeny bit bothered by this ? 
  because i am not even a little bit . 
  the continent needs to sort its own defenses out . 
  wow . 
  somewhere we ( british ) have n't invaded . 
  still time though, 
  i think we 've already got one of those . 
  he 's doing a radio show . 
  think of all the trouble that would have been avoided if hitler had had his own radio show instead of becoming chancellor of germany . 
   the difference will be that the goverment ca n't blame europe any more . 
  i wish i could believe that .
