it could be used against them , yes . 
  but considering the situation , a move to point the weapon at the police would have resulted in them firing more bullets . 
  they already had their weapons aimed , and ready to fire . 
  despite what the oversea is said , shooting to disable is perfectly valid and possible . 
  stats have shows this ( provided that the officers were adequately trained with firearms ) . 
  not all parts of the single market are a benefit to all participants . 
  some countries benefit a lot of the free movements of goods , capital and services . 
  while others do not . 
  it would be a very one-sided trade deal , which many countries would not agree to . 
  and some other countries benefit a lot from free movement of people . 
  other do so less . 
  this principle is called compromise , such that a win-win situation can be reached for everyone involved . 
  one can not make agreements between countries with conflicting interests , when only pushing your own demands . 
   if we consider freedom of movement to be a cost , ie policy failure , then we are admitting a flaw in the eu 's policy is flawed , and failure to acknowledge and address it is a most curious deficiency . 
  it * is n't * a cost across the entire eu . 
  some countries benefit a lot and would deem other parts of the trade deal a cost , perhaps . 
  and it is debatable whether it is a cost economically . 
  mostly politically at the moment . 
  national socialism has nothing to do with antisemitism in itself . 
  it is only associated with it because of the second world war . 
  it does focus on racial/cultural divides as strong talking points . 
  and unifying people against a certain ` outside ' threat . 
  instead of the jews , his ` scapegoats ' are the immigrants . 
  it 's even worse than that . 
  i 'm from the nl and am of the staunch opinion that referendums do n't work because the people ( myself included ) are not knowledgeable enough to make good decisions . 
  all referendums turn out is that the `` against '' vote will be stronger and populist rhetoric will reign over the facts . 
  facts are rather boring and dry while shouting and fear mongering are sellers . 
  also , the group that supports the status quo is way harder to motivate to vote than the people who are against something . 
  in your first point , 4 % of eu population , of which 30 % voted , and 60 % actually against ukraine . 
  so 4 % x 30 % x 60 % = .7 % of eu pop . 
  and most people probably did n't care about the referendum , and did n't go out of their way to vote ( see low turnout ) , and probably supported the status quo . 
  and you 're right , the organizers of the referendum did so just to point a middle finger at the eu . 
  that 's what you get if you have only 1 option for a certain part of the voter base . 
  that voter base will all flock to their banners , while the other population is spread over the other major parties . 
  in the us , that helped trump get elected . 
  you have the xenophobic that vote for trump because of their xenophobia , you have the dissatisfied that vote for the republicans because ( they felt that ) the democrats didnt help them , and you have the normal conservatives that would always vote republican no matter what . 
  if there was a different system that allowed more parties , perhaps an alternative would have been possible . 
  but with only 2 ( real ) options , these are the results . 
  look at our ( dutch ) elections . 
  15-20 % of voter base voted for extreme right-wing parties ( pvv , fvd ) . 
  but pretty much 60 % voted for economically right-leaning parties ( cda , vvd , pvv , d66 , sgp , etc ) . 
  lump all of those together in a single party and you might have a xenophobic populist in command . 
  only if you agree that each state should be represented equally , no matter the population or size . 
  which means , same as in the us , that if you live in a small ( ish ) population state , your vote counts more than if you lived next door in a bigger population state . 
  in the us its even worse because of the winner-takes-all principle , in australia its at least proportional . 
  in the netherlands , every vote is equal . 
  and every 70k ( ish ) votes gives you a seat in parliament . 
  it does slightly favour the larger parties , probably to prevent fracturing of the parliament even more with lots of 1 seat parties ( we have 14 in the parliament right now , which is a lot ) . 
  last polls right before the election were quite accurate . 
  the polls also indicated that there were a lot of doubtful voters who had not yet commited to a vote . 
  almost all polls predicted part of this outcome , but not 100 % accurate . 
  polls are , like the weather forecast , never 100 % accurate . 
  so yea , maybe if the elections were 3 months ago ( and there were no campaigns ) , the outcome would have been totally different . 
  but then the campaigns started , and people changed their minds . 
  i think the polls were very accurate for what they are , a reflection of the current sentiment at the time they were taken . 
  you do not try to predict election results based on polls 3 months before the election , before the campaigns really started . 
  i mean , some politicians seem to use the word ` a ' a lot . 
  in fact , i have used it !, 
  everyone is using it !, 
  it 's * a * conspiracy !, 
  i agree slightly more with the greenleft than d66 on most aspects . 
  and i know their history , but that was years ago and i think quite a lot has changed . 
  especially amongst some friends of mine , most were deciding between d66 and greenleft ( or d66 and vvd ) . 
  another reason i chose d66 was ( slightly strategic ) that they seemed more likely to join in the government , and thus more likely to implement my interests . 
  before the elections , there were 2 options , either left ( with all the left parties ) , or center which is still ( albeit not likely ) possible with the vvd , d66 , cda , greenleft/cu . 
  so either way , it is likely that they can defend my interest . 
  i hoped that vvd got less votes and gl a bit more , such that a coalition with the cu would not have been possible , but alas it is not meant to be i think . 
  i do n't disagree , but when your goal is to enter the opposition , the chances are that your voters will never see their ideals realised . 
  this seems to be one of the main reasons that the left lost quite a lot of voters . 
  labour imploded , but the two alternatives had a small chance of actually getting in the government ( greenleft and sp ) . 
  sp basically said they would not work with the vvd , which almost 90 % meant that they would never get into a coalition . 
  greenleft did not say that , however they are pretty diametrically opposite of the vvd . 
  i honestly do n't think he * wants * to govern . 
  same as the sp ( in my mind ) . 
  wilders has too many polarizing views and is hardly willing to compromise . 
  the sp is the same . 
  i remember in the debate with asscher from the pvda , that asscher gave in a little to the sp 's point of view , and the sp wanted more . 
  these parties are strong in the opposition , because of their uncompromising viewpoints . 
  that 's why i think that if the pvv enters discussions with the vvd , anything they say they 'd be willing to compromise on will be written down and saved for the next elections to use against them . 
  it really depends . 
  i voted d66 but almost voted groenlinks . 
  why ? 
  for me the climate , europe and education are very important . 
  i do n't mind socialist policies and would like a party that was slightly more left than d66 , but that does n't quite exist . 
  however , if many people chose groenlinks because of the climate policies , they might not lose as much . 
  on the other side , the left is usually harsher in punishing its parties for working with right-wing parties . 
  so my hopes are n't that high . 
  the same happened to the pvda . 
  yes they gave up on promises , but they did pull the gov ' t more to the left than what would have happened with a all-right coalition . 
  maybe they thought that the alternative would have been worse , and they took charge hoping to minimize the ` damage ' that the vvd could do with other right-wing parties . 
  i did n't work out the way they hoped . 
  people on the left have too many alternatives ( sp , gl , pvdd ) , and alternatives slightly to the right of the pvda ( d66 ) . 
  yeah , the sgp is probably one of the most hypocritical parties out there . 
  they do n't want the right to abortion and the right to end one 's own life . 
  simply because ` only god has the right to determine who lives or dies ' . 
  but then they come out in favour of the death penalty . 
  do n't they see their own hypocrisy ? 
  their argument for death penalties is that the government decides because they are criminals , and with abortion and euthanasia mistakes can be made . 
  as if all people ever put on death row are guilty and the justice system is perfect ... 
  the d66 is an alternative for voters that are economically right-wing , but also progressive on individual freedoms ( right to end your own life , cannabis , etc ) .
