  so yeah i know all about csto ( ie well enough to have made a diagram about it and the other post-soviet organisations ) but russia 's allies are n't limited to the csto any more than america 's allies are limited to nato . 
  i found it hilarious that you suggested i check about the csto on the internet , when one of the first pages you 'd find googling it has me as a significant contributor in this manner . 
   second you have a new government come in that is explicitly anti-russian and pro-nato come on what did you expect russia to do ? 
  as for what i `` expected '' russia to do , i expected it to do what it did ( same thing it had done with georgia , same thing it had done with moldova ) . 
  and that 's why i 'm telling you what i expect it to do with armenia when it becomes convenient for russia to do it with armenia . 
  secondly , do n't fall into russia 's propaganda that it did all that stuff once a ` pro-nato ' and `` anti-russian '' government came into being . 
  it had been threatening ukraine with dismemberment and invasion since at least 2013 ( when it still had the ` pro-russian ' government of yanukovich ) because of the eu association agreement , and because of how this conflicted with putin 's dreams of a eurasian economic union with ukraine as a member . 
  ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/sep/22/ukraine-european-union-trade-russia ) russia threatened in 2013 that if ukraine signed that agreement russia would no longer `` guarantee '' ukraine 's existence as a state !!, 
  russia pretends that its actions were about nato rather than about the eu association agreement because the idea of its military invasion being a reaction to a supposed * military * threat sounds of course more acceptable than `` we dismembered ukraine because they wanted to be economically indepedent from us , and were making some trade deals with the eu that we did n't like '' . 
   so many wrong statements ... 
  mention one wrong statement . 
   armenia is ally of russian federation ukraine was ally of russian federation , even letting russia have military bases in its soil . 
  until it was n't and then those military bases were used against it . 
   but do have any idea about armenia ? 
  yes  armenia has no russian minority-important one do keep in mind that hitler also started with countries that had german minorities ( austria , czechoslovakia ) , but once he was finished with those he proceeded with other countries too . 
   they don \u00b4 t share borders and are huge allies - in term of both countries need each other if russia `` needs '' armenia , that just makes armernia 's relationship with russia even more dangerous , because the moment armenia may do something that displeases russia , it will be `` necessary '' for russia to intervene militarily to ensure that it stays an ally . 
  the only thing that potentially saves armenia is that it does n't have direct borders with russia -- but then again neither did moldova , and that did n't stop them from splitting off a chunk of moldova to keep their troops in )  on other side armenia is friendly christian ally on southern caucasus very helpful in their foreign policy in that region . 
  how can you even say something as stupid as rusia taking armenia \u00b4 s territory when you clearly have no idea about that country . 
  ukraine , georgia , moldova all were christian . 
  that did n't save them them from russia splitting them apart and occupying their territories ( crimea and donbass in ukraine , south ossetia and abkhazia in georgia , transnistria in moldova ) will it do the same with armenia ? 
  if it becomes convenient . 
  right now it has no need to . 
  but that 's the only thing saving armenia , not any unwillingness on russia 's part to violate the country 's independence . 
   russia had never interests in invading armenia and it never had interest in invading ukraine until it suddenly did . 
  and russia will similarly not invade armenia unless perhaps armenia chooses to apply for an eu association agreement , or attempts to do anything else russia does n't like . 
  then russia will say ( like it said for ukraine in 2013 ) that if armenia does that , russia will no longer guarantee armenia 's status as an independent country , ( and like it did for ukraine in 2014 ) will use the troops it has in armenia 's territory to grab pieces of armenia 's territory or perhaps conquer it outright . 
  i did n't say that nd broke away , i said that i 've seen various members of syriza and their allies at anel , complain about how nd supposedly broke away from its karamanlis-era past . 
  so * they * are saying a change happened , and * they * are saying it 's a bad thing . 
  as opposes to kostas karamanlis ( the 2nd ) who was loved and is still loved by syriza ( probably because he led greece to ruin , and syriza loves people who lead greece to ruin ) ? 
  you 're fallen to the greek establishment 's propaganda , where syriza are supposedly anti-corruption or anti-establishment , when of course syriza had already taken to it side the most pro-corruption parts of pasok and the most far-right pro-establishment parts of nd ( see the alliance of syriza with the far-right fascist kammenos ) . 
  syriza voted in as president pavlopoulos who was the right hand of kostas karamanlis ( the prime minister of nd who was mainly responsible for the greek bankruptcty ) and followed samaras 's tactics ( the nd prime minister after that ) of waxing eloquent against the eeeevil european moneylenders and pretending that everything bad in greece comes as as a result of the europeans , an we do n't need to actually change anything , it 's europe that needs change . 
  currently syriza keeps wailing about under its new `` neoliberal '' leader ( kyriakos mitsotakis ) nd has broken apart from the ( supposedly good ? ), 
  populist tactics of karamanlis and samaras . 
  even more evidence about how syriza and the old nd leadership were parts of the same establishment . 
  prior to 1979 there were 100,000 jews in iran . 
  now the official census indicates only 8,756 remaining there , so less than one tenth that number . 
  so many jews fleeing from iran does n't indicate that they felt their lives and families secure there . 
   israel is essentially an apartheid society with strong jewish political powers working towards the complete removal of muslims . 
  do keep however in mind that all anti-israel arab nations in the regions have already achieved the complete removal of all non-muslims , and certainly of all jewish people . 
  what 's the status of jewish people in iran or syria or indeed any other arab nation ? 
  yeah , they 've all been all * already * evicted from the regions under the arabs control , so it 's hypocritical of them to condemn the jewish people 's attempt to displace arabs without first condemning their own nations ' own actions . 
   but if you condemn the actions of hamas , you have to condemn the actions of israel as well . 
  i condemn the actions of israel in the west bank , but hamas is far far worse than israel . 
  israel wants to effectively conquer west bank , but hamas wants to conquer both west bank and israel and push every non-muslim back to europe ( at the very best , more likely just murder them all ) . 
  the tyranny of israel over gaza and west bank serves to hide the fact that hamas is another wannabe islamic state that would be murdering palestinian too if jewish people were n't around . 
  hamas does n't believe in a democratic palestinian nation , it believes in an islamic nation of which ` palestine ' is just a region in it . 
   and how are we going to prove migrants who landed in greece came from turkey ? 
  see a map . 
  it 's not as if there 's many different countries at the opposite shore , it 's just turkey . 
   so we should legalize pedophilia ? 
  the only argument of yours i opposed was `` would you ever want your 14 year old daughter to have sex with a 30 year old man ? '' . 
  that 's a bad argument , so bad that it 's barely an argument at all . 
  if you think that 's the * only * possible argument against the legalization of pedophilia , then do you believe that pedophilia should be legalized in the case of orphans ( as they do n't have parents ) ? 
  now that we 're done with the rhetorical nonsense , i am actually undecided whether at young ages it should be legal only within an seemingly ` appropriate ' age group or not . 
  i 've not read studies about the harmfulness of age-discrepant sexual relationships . 
  i personally suspect them to be unhealthy , but as i 've indicated already many unhealthy things become even more dangerous when banned . 
  i personally suspect 18-to-30 relationships to also be unhealthy , as i said , and frankly if i was dictator of the universe i 'd be more likely to ban them than to ban the relationships between 15-year-olds and 14-year olds . 
  i was n't completely joking when i spoke about enforcing the `` half plus seven '' rule rather than an age of consent . 
   but would you ever want your 14 year old daughter to have sex with a 30 year old man ? 
  but if the age of consent is 18 , i could just as easily ask would i ever i want my 18 year old daughter to have sex with a 60 year old man ? 
  perhaps you would like to force the `` half plus seven '' rule instead , regardless of age ? 
  in that case it 'd also be illegal for 35-year old women to have sex with 60 year old men . 
  ( again i 'd not ever want my hypothetical 35-year old daughter to have sex with a 60-year old man ) making it something forbidden is n't necessarily the best way of stopping it . 
  for example , if it 's * illegal * for 15-year old to have sex with 20-year old , that wo n't necessarily prevent it either -- instead it can become a ` forbidden ' romantic relationship or whatever , which ca n't be discussed with friends or family . 
  i 'm guessing a reaction of `` gross !, 
  he 's too old for you , what a pervert . '', 
  by her peers might work better to dissuade from such a relationship than if it must never be discussed with peers . 
   the other poster is implying russia is undemocratic for not returning crimea russia is undemocratic for punishing even * discussion * about the peaceful return of crimea . 
  this is a violation of free speech , a violation of the right to attempt to peacefully sway the opinions of the populace . 
  western democracies may usually not allow secession , but they usually also do n't punish talk of secession . 
   would a democratic ukraine allow crimea to secede ? 
  most democracies do n't actually allow portions of them to secede , with certain exceptions like uk ( see scotland referendum ) or canada ( see quebec referendum ) , which are especially progressive in this respect . 
  so unless you believe uk and canada to be the two only true democracies in the world , i do n't think you should be implying ukraine is non-democratic for not allowing the secession of its own regions . 
  if russia does n't return crimea to ukraine , then it should at least compensate crimea 's worth to it . 
  how much money is crimea worth ? 
   okay , first of all , the `` european council on foreign relations '' is not an official organ of the eu . 
  it 's a non-profit think tank that studies & observes european foreign policy . 
  if you can say that such a thing even exists . 
  their opinions do not reflect those of the eu i did n't say that it is an official organ of the eu , and i did n't say their opinions reflect the eu 's opinion . 
   i suppose you include germany and france amongst russia 's shadow-y puppets , too ? 
  no , the distinction between `` trojan horses '' like greece which obey russia completely against the interest of their own population , and capitalist opportunists like germany which shamefully undermine eu policy for their own benefit is quite clear . 
  greece had no interest in vetoing european involvement in georgia in 2007 , it was just serving russia 's interest when it did so . 
  greece had no interest in excusing russia 's actions in ukraine , the greek government was just serving russia 's interests in so doing . 
  the result is also clear : germany , france , etc , have kept their economies relatively healthy because they look after their own interests . 
  the economies of greece & cyprus collapsed , because they kept sabotaging their own national economies to benefit russian oligarchs . 
   second of all , nations do n't have friends , they have interests . 
  and sometimes government do n't pay attention to their nations ' interest , they pay attention to the interests of their puppetmasters in some other nation . 
   oh yes , greece imposed sanctions on russia the eu as a * whole * imposed sanctions on russia , greece fought against such sanctions , and it has claimed ( bragged ) that it prevented even harsher sanctions . 
  http://openeurope.org.uk/impact/greek-government-russia-sanctions-and-debt-relief/ `` greek government is against further eu sanctions on russia '' so , no it was n't `` greece '' that imposed sanctions on russia , greece took russia 's side against such sanctions . 
   greece has nothing to gain from an alliance with russia quite agreed . 
  i 'm not saying that the puppets of russia in greece want greece 's benefit when pursuing an alliance with russia . 
  the european council of foreign relations itself produced a study that declared greece to be a trojan horse of russia , even back in 2007 when the center-right government of kostas karamanlis was in charge ( http://www.ecfr.eu/publications/summary/a_power_audit_of_eu_russia_relations ) . 
  and that was * before * the very blatant russia-lovers of syriza took charge , the government whose foreign minister is a pal with alexander dugin , the government which blatantly sided with russia in its crimes in ukraine , the government which constantly bashes every western country as a loanshark and a blackmailer while never uttering the slightest word ever against russia or china . 
  when greece never does anything that displeases russia in the slightest , it 's probably more of a conspiracy theory to say that greece is not controlled by russia . 
  are they conspiring to give that impression for some other nefarious purpose ? 
  are they perhaps controlled by the cia to give the blatant impression that they 're actually controlled by russia ? 
   and one fuckup would destroy the local economy . 
  it 's the de-industrialization of the country , where every industry gets shut down because of supposed ` ecological concerns ' or by union pressure , that has destroyed the whole of the national economy . 
  but sure , suddenly you people give a damn about the economy or the environment . 
  it 's not as if syriza has consistently opposed every single damn industry and every single investment in the whole of the country .
