  so if you expect the oldest generations to keep dying off as your suggested solution to the problem of overpopulation , you 'll have to be actively killing them , you wo n't be able to let aging do the job for you . 
  and we 'd also need to ban anti-aging research , because frankly otherwise we 're certain to have invented anti-aging drugs by then . 
  that 's something i will never endorse . 
   let 's keep the population of the planet at a long term ( achieved over 200 years ) target a constant 4 billion . 
  we 're currently at 7 billion . 
  which 3 billion people do you want to kill ? 
   oh , please . 
  so what 's the state supposed to do ? 
  ignore laws because ... industry !, 
  it 's not the laws themselves that stop investment , it 's usually direct ministerial decisions , often going * against * the laws . 
  the investment at skouries has been acquitted of any wrongdoing every single time it 's gone to the courts , but the minister does n't give a damn , and he just shut them down again every time operations are about to start . 
  even if it were the `` laws '' that were stopping all those investments ( they are n't ) that would be no excuse since governments are in position to modify the laws to make them saner if they are unreasonable . 
   because ... industry !, 
  industry means the creation of wealth . 
  you 're mocking the creation of wealth , and one second later you 'll probably be asking to ` redistribute ' the non-existing wealth whose creation you 've been mocking , or you 'll be begging for money from countries that do n't actually sabotage their industry . 
   never mind the unique ancient sites and artifacts , because ... investors !, 
  right 10,000 acres in rhodes were just declared an `` archaeological area '' just in order to pause a 400 million euro tourist investment in the island . 
  by comparison the whole of the olympia archaeological area is just 6500 acres . 
  ( but it needed to stretch to 10,000 acres , so that it would encompass the area the investors needed , and which was by itself actually far far away from any actually discovered antiquities . ), 
  is n't it funny how all that area in rhodes was only * now * declared an area of archeological interest , * just * when such a declaration was needed in order to pause the tourist investment . 
  nothing of archeological interest * there * until it was needed to be declared such for the purposes of the sabotage . 
  what great antiquities were suddently discovered there , for such an amazing declaration , a bigger archeological area than olympia itself ? 
  why have n't we heard anything about those sudden discoveries that necessitated the sudden labelling of that area `` archaeological '' again of course that was a ministerial decision , nothing forced by laws . 
  so , no , the establishment does n't fucking give a damn about the environment and it does n't give a damn about archaeology -- the establsihment and its lackeys only use those as excuses ( and globally applicable excuses , is there a single square meter of earth anywhere in greece that you ca n't pretend is of archaeological interest ) whenever comes the time to pause an investment . 
  btw , it 's only the investments of westerner and local investors that the establishment is so eager to pause . 
  the same parties who shout about the ` environment ' whenever there 's a canadian company , they were the same people who did n't have any environmental concerns about russian gas pipelines ( which should have been much more severe ) , and who always speed up the process when russian oligarchs , or russian-aligned oligarchs are concerned . 
  showing it 's again all about geopolitics - hurting greece and europe in order to help russia . 
   oh wait , not so many euros after all , because the terms for these deals are actually a joke and would only bring peanuts in state coffers 400 million investment in rhodes , 6 billion investment in ellinikon , greece could have had a tesla factory if the establishment was n't putting obstacles on the way of the operation licenses ( http://www.capital.gr/story/3074333 ) . 
  ... the list goes on and on . 
  dozens upon dozens of billion worth of money in investment , have been lost because of blatant sabotage . 
   lots and lots of euros !, 
  and when you mock those `` lots of euros '' i wish that you understood that every euro you do n't get out of those investment , is a euro that you need to tax out of hard-working people who eventually get fed up and leave greece . 
   and before you answer , please think : if it were you personally taking these deals , not on behalf of the state or the public , but on behalf of yourself and your personal property , would you accept them on these terms ? 
  if all those investments had n't been blocked , then greece would n't even be in need of a 2nd memorandum , let alone a 3rd or 4th . 
  but since the purpose of the greek establishment is n't actually to help greece but to destroy it ( and hurt europe as much as they can in the process ) everything 's going according to plan . 
   the article is literally 17 lines and you could n't be bothered to read 4 of those ? 
  indeed , i could n't . 
   i somehow doubt that you 're greek , the greeks i 've met and spoken to certainly do n't view russia as their # 1 enemy or actively warmonger against them . 
  only the most extremely racist assholes think that all members of a nation all have the same beliefs . 
  are you then an extremely racist asshole ? 
  btw , since i 'm not anonymous ( unlike you ) and i use my real name ( unlike you ) , it 's very easy to ascertain that i 'm really greek . 
  and yes , greeks in their majority do n't consider russia an enemy . 
  i do . 
  that most greeks have wrong political views is the reason that greece is in the sorry state that it is . 
  if most greeks had correct political views , greece would n't be such a failure as a country . 
   they did supposedly try to join nato and were rebuked . 
  that article speaks about the soviet union seeking to join nato in 1954 . 
   they attempted to improve their relations with the us the immediate aftermath of 9/11 and were rebuked . 
  russia treats countries voluntarily wanting to join the west ( e.g. 
  ukraine 's eu association agreement or sweden/finland seeking nato membership ) as an act of aggression against it . 
  that it pretends it wants good relationship with eu/nato but at the same time treating voluntary membership in it as an act of aggression , is pretty much the definition of duplicity . 
  as for 9/11 , russia tried to use those attacks , same way they 've tried to use all islamic terrorist attacks against the west , in order to get the west to excuse and forget * russian * crimes against * their * neighbors . 
  but , you know , if all the islamic terrorist attacks against europe and the usa put * together * , are n't equal to the russian attack against ukraine . 
  russia has stolen and occupied territory from european countries ( moldova , georgia , ukrainia ) , islamists have not managed to conquer a square inch of european ground . 
  russia has killed 10,000 europeans ( in ukraine ) . 
  all the terrorist attacks by islamists put together in europe have n't managed near that number of deaths . 
  russia is europe 's enemy # 1 . 
  islamism is a distant second - ( islamism is the # 1 enemy of muslim-majority countries in the middle east ) . 
  it was the russian separatists who were led by the neonazi pavel gubarev ( member of the neonazi organization `` russian national unity '' ) and who have the support of most neonazis in other countries as well ( e.g. 
  the greek neonazis of `` golden dawn '' just love russia and support the russian separatists ) . 
  in ukraine on the other hand , the neonazis were getting less than 2 % in the presidential election , less than the jewish candidate . 
  so again we have a complete 180 degrees reversal of truth by the russian fascist monsters and their propagandists . 
  okay but you were talking about how he was making it harder for greeks to believe in themselves , not that he was making it harder to have productive political discussions . 
   you are part of the problem because you are spreading a message that makes it harder for the greeks to believe in themselves lol . 
  and what argument do you have that links a supposed lack in national self-confidence with greece 's problems ? 
  a lack of self-confidence is probably the exact opposite of our problem . 
  greeks are so deluded after decades of propaganda that they confuse their wishes for reality . 
  there 's always more money , it seems , and anyone who says that there can be no wealth without actual production of wealth , why they 're just `` neoliberal scum '' and `` fifth columnists '' . 
   what makes you think that greece is ready for this ? 
  well , for decades we 've been trying and succeeding in being the least free market in europe and you can see where it led us . 
  perhaps for once the greek people should attempt some of that dreaded liberalism which they constantly blame for their trouble even though it has n't even approached greece at a distance . 
  but , no of course greece is n't `` ready '' for this sort of cure , that 's why greece is going down the drain , and will be destroyed even further , before the greek people actually decide to give liberalism a try for once . 
  as a sidenote , i 'm a scandinavia-style social democrat . 
  even social democracy is however consider `` neoliberal '' by the current greek establishment . 
  after all remember that greece is 138th in terms of financial freedom ( according to the heritage institute ) when sweden is 26th . 
   sell everything , at whatever cost , slash workers rights , flexible labor etc ? 
  i 'm a social democrat . 
  the ` eeevil ' ` neoliberals ' of western europe have much more protection for worker rights than greece does . 
  what greek policies do is force people to unemployment or force them to emigrate , or force them secretly work for jobs ( uninsured , below the legal basic wage ) , but of course the establishment is proud for not ` slashing worker rights ' . 
  congrats greece , you 've not slashed worker rights , you 're just made them irrelevant instead because people who do n't work do n't get worker rights , and people who ca n't admit they work because they work illegally below basic wage do n't get any worker rights either . 
  the only worker rights the greek establishment cares about is the `` worker rights '' of their state nomenklatura , the public employees appointed by the party to do * nothing * but feed themselves on the flesh of every private employee and on the money from foreign loans as well . 
  and there 's no point in arguing about mitsotakis here . 
  that he 's a liberal opponent of the current establishment is visible by how much the government started frothing at the mouth at the ` neoliberal ' turn of nd when he got nd 's leadership . 
  that was actually my point . 
   free market would be cool , except `` free market '' is what neoliberals say you have . 
  who are these imaginary neoliberals who claim that greece has a free market ? 
  see the rankings at http://www.heritage.org/index/ranking according to the heritage institute , greece is at 138th rank worldwide in regards to economic freedom , worse than communist vietnam . 
  so can you tell me a single `` neoliberal '' who is happy with the amount of free market greece has , or who indeed claims that greece is anywhere other than the top-bottom of the european union , in regards to free market ? 
   and it needs a weaker currency to increase its exports . 
  the greek establishment is against any productive activity , and have done their utmost to sabotage all industrial ( and other ) investment . 
  the investments at skouries , at ellinikon , at asteras , at a * thousand * other places in greece , all either stalled or outright cancelled by that parasitic establishment has nothing to do with how strong or weak our currency is . 
  an mp of the governing party argued that it was the imf which was bankrupt and greece which rescued the imf : http://www.iefimerida.gr/news/264212/apisteyti-aylonitoy-syriza-i-ellada-esose-dnt-itan-hreokopimeno just to give you people a sense of the utter * unreality * that is being constantly spewed towards the greek population from the greek establishment . 
  `` the situation is the same as last year , after a 4 years conservative term . '', 
  the situation is significantly worse than the end of 2014 , e.g. 
  we now have capital controls . 
  and as for the ` conservative term ' , the `` conservative '' party back then were controlled not by its current liberal leader mitsotakis , but by the statist/populist/nationalist samaras who was among the first to behave towards the memorandum like syriza later did . 
  ( pretending that he 'd abolish the memorandum when in the opposition , then signing a new one , then implementing as little about it as possible ) . 
  greece has n't seen a liberal ( free-market supporting ) government since the 1990s . 
  and that 's why it 's in the mess than it is . 
  nobody 's going to invade it .
