  we 've seen all too often western imperialists supporting military coups against the threat of communism , that 's what happened with the junta of the colonels in greece in 1960s . 
  so shut up . 
  i will never support a military coup against the mere threat of future dictatorship . 
  there has n't actually yet been a successful communist revolution except in the countries that first had an anti-communist tyranny -- and there has n't ever yet been an islamic state that was n't formed on some former secular dictatorship . 
  why ? 
  because they get their justifications for their communist/islamist tyranny , from the tyranny that * preceded * them . 
  turkish democracy won against a bunch of dictators . 
  if erdogan becomes a actual dictator himself , then it 'll be a new fight against him , but no threat of his future dictatorship justifies his opponents to make a dictatorship themselves before he * actually * launches his own . 
  secularists must learn to ally themselves with democrats , rather than cheer on military dictators . 
  the secularists should support erdogan as the rightfully elected president , even as they oppose his policies . 
  the people of turkey correctly supported their democratically elected leader . 
  erdogan is n't an open dictator yet , though we rightly fear he 's heading that way . 
  protesting and demonstrating against him is fine , overthrowing him by coup is not . 
  one does not protect democracy with coups . 
  no they denounced it from the start and they were correct to do so , according to democratic principles . 
  or perhaps i 'm a democrat and it was democratically elected . 
   there are a lot more people out there who agree with him for syria and stuff and some of his views and speeches - and they are far from being `` neo-nazis '' nobody said that everyone who loves putin is a neonazi . 
  what i said is that all the neonazis love putin . 
  can you explain this , if it 's not that he 's like hitler in all the ways that matter ? 
   there are a lot more people out there who agree with him for syria and stuff and some of his views and speeches - and they are far from being `` neo-nazis '' even hitler probably believed that the sky was blue . 
  that putin is second hitler does n't necessitate that he 's wrong on everything , or that you need believe him wrong on everything . 
   and yet all i see in media is `` russia is second hitler and they eat little babys '' and shit like this it is second hitler , that 's exactly the reason that all the neonazis in europe love putin . 
  to annex crimea , russia used the exact same excuses that hitler used to annex sudetenland . 
  the eu is n't a hive mind with a single will . 
  switzerland with its direct democracy seems to be doing okay , no worse than many other countries and better than most . 
  you prefer people being hurt or rewarded by choices that others ( e.g. 
  a king or a dictator ) makes for them ? 
  democracy is n't about how the people can make the best choice , democracy is about having the people be hurt or rewarded by the choices that they themselves make . 
  democracy is likewise not about the public not being deceived , but about the politicians * needing * to deceive the public . 
  ( rather than just needing to arrest or execute or exile dissidents , which is the case in non-democracies ) referenda are a good idea . 
  it 's good that the british people were given the choice , even if their decision was wrong . 
  most decisions will be wrong . 
  they will suffer from their decision , and their next decision will be better . 
  what do you think him to be in denial about ? 
  did you switch because of cox 's murder ? 
  if not , you know atleast one person that did n't . 
  yes , we get it , it 's not that you actually wanted to leave , you are simply evil bastards that want to hurt other countries for the sheer lolz of it . 
  so you are doing everything you can to maximize the harm , even if that means not leaving . 
  diabolical . 
  satan applauds and so does putin . 
  your evilness is also exemplified by you being angry at a treaty that gave a voluntary exit procedure , unlike all the other previous treaties which were binding you in perpetuity . 
  nobody would have forced you to remain back then either of course but you 'd have been dishonorable treaty-breakers if you left before the treaty of lisbon . 
  distinguishing between the deliberate liars/propagandists , and the people who innocently made a mistake , and shaming the former is of big value . 
  we now know that sebow is a deliberate liar/propagandist . 
  since you 're still not taking back the lie , but rather doubling down on it , no , you 're a filthy fucking liar , and i 'll keep repeating that and exposing your lies . 
  because the constituent countries had n't joined voluntarily , and they were n't being allowed to leave voluntarily , unlike the case with the eu , which does both . 
  yes it is . 
   norway and switzerland do n't have to join the eu because it would be to their disadvantage . 
  so you 're saying the eu is n't forcing countries to join , that the countries themselves decide to join , if they decide it 's to their own advantage . 
  do n't you understand that this is completely different to what you were accusing the eu before , that supposedly if you `` you reject joining the eu , you get another fucking referendum , till you join . '', 
  or are you mentally retarded , besides just a liar ? 
  you 've still not taken back the absurd lie you spoke about countries never having referenda to join , when in fact the majority of countries in the eu have had such referenda . 
  first of all , no these are different opinion polls . 
  secondly , what are * your * evidence for your claims about how people thought , if we 're not allowed to use either opinions polls that said what ` no ' people thought , nor the arguments of the leaders of the no side ? 
  it seems all you have as evidence is `` 61 % of the people are not idiots . 
  '' , but you do n't explain how big of a percentage you believe the idiots to actually be , and how you 've come to your number . 
   and what happens when you reject joinin the eu ? 
  then you do n't join , as happened with norway and switzerland . 
   you get another fucking referendum , till you join . 
  the ireland example . 
  the ` repeated ' irish referendum was n't about joining . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/referendums_related_to_the_european_union - ireland held a referendum in 1972 for joining , 83.1 % in favour it passed . 
  - ireland held again a referendum for the single european act in 1987 , passed 69.9 % in favour . 
  - ireland held again a referendum for the treaty of maastricht in 1992 , passed 68.7 % in favour . 
  - ireland held again a referendum for the treaty of amsterdaam in 1998 , passed 61.74 % in favour . 
  - ireland held two referendums on treaty of nice 53.9 % against ( 2001 ) 62.9 % in favor ( 2002 ) - ireland held two referendums on treaty of lisbon 53.2 % against ( 12 june 2008 ) 67.1 % in favor ( 2 october 2009 ) if you are angry that ireland repeated the last two referenda ( after it got some additional opt-outs and privileges ) then i should remind you that it 's the treaty of lisbon that gives the uk ( and every country ) its ability to * exit * freely . 
  before the treaty of lisbon you did n't actually have that right , the eu treaties were binding in perpetuity . 
  the treaty of lisbon was thus a great victory for the right to exit as well . 
  think again before you blast the eeevil eu for making a treaty that * gives * every country the right to leave it , which they previously did n't actually have legally . 
  if we had been stuck with the treaty of amsterdam , uk would n't even have been * able * to leave , legally speaking . 
   where is the last time you saw a referendum of a country about joining the eu ? 
  that 's right , never . 
  what the fucking fuck , you bloody ignoramus . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/referendums_related_to_the_european_union the majority of countries in the eu have had a referendum about joining it : ireland , denmark , austria , sweden , finland , malta , slovenia , hungary , lithuania , slovakia , poland , czech republic , estonia , latvia , croatia all had referendums about joining the eu or its predecessors . 
  if we also include the countries that held favourable referenda on some subsequent treaty like maastricht ( italy , france ) or the eu constitution ( spain , netherlands , luxembourg ) the majority gets even higher . 
  so take back the lie you spoke , immediately , or you 'll not be a just liar out of ignorance , but a deliberate liar . 
  take it back , immediately , no excuses . 
  * your * country never held a referendum for it , and * my * country likewise did n't . 
  but * your * country 's failures at democracy and mine 's are n't a reason to blame the eu for it . 
   and if you say something about it , you 're labeled as racist , xenophobe and anti-european since it 's a complete lie , as i just proved you , you should be labelled a `` liar '' unless you take back the lie immediately and never repeat it . 
   almost all countries . 
  in most countries there 's no obligation for the ministers to come from the parliament . 
  not even the uk has that as a legal necessity , only as a custom . 
  and in lots of countries if you are appointed minister you need give up your seat in the parliament . 
  that 's the case in the usa , in france , in luxembourg , in belgium ... other places too . 
   ministers are elected to the parliment and then picked from those elected to be ministers . 
  `` picked from those elected '' means they are picked , not elected . 
  i gave you the opinion polls indicating that , i showed you the graphs . 
  i know what grexit means , that it meant leaving the euro , not the eu . 
  look i 'm being very very clear . 
  the majority of yes voters were voting against grexit , but only a tiny minority of the no voters believed they were voting for grexit . 
  yes , of course the no vote should have meant bringing the drachma back or better terms . 
  but not because no voters chose to bring the drachma back , merely because bringing the drachma back was the natural consequence of that vote , if their wishes about the terms of the agreement were respected , and tsipras successfully fooled them into thinking grexit was n't the only other path left . 
  i oppose this violation of democracy , and since the no was successful i would have wished us to grexit , in accordance with the choice of the majority . 
  but that does n't mean that the greek people were n't woefully misinformed about what they were choosing . 
  democracy is n't about only non-idiots voting . 
   the no vote , like it or not , was about a grexit . 
  that 's definitely what the yes side was saying  61 % of the people are not idiots . 
  why do you think so ? 
  https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/monkey-cage/wp/2015/07/09/what-were-the-greeks-thinking-heres-a-poll-taken-just-before-the-referendum/ `` an overwhelming majority of those who voted no -- about 88 percent -- believed that , as a result of an oxi vote , negotiations would continue , as you can see below .
