  greece can choose to suffer the consequences of not repaying its loans , and those consequences will be the mere fact that everyone will know it 's an untrustworthy borrower . 
  the only consequence of not repaying its loans , is that nobody will be foolish enough to lend greece money any more . 
  it 's you who does n't have a fucking idea what you 're talking about . 
  greece is the least `` neoliberal '' country in the whole of europe and * that 's * what fucking killed it . 
  seriously does n't it make you doubt your preconceptions at all that the country in europe with the least free market is the one with the worst economic problems ? 
   traditionally , groups have merged either through cultural unification or through conquest and imposition so now you 're complaining that the eu is not `` conquering and imposing '' itself , like e.g. 
  the soviet union did ? 
   tribalism is a natural , inescapable , human reality is that why venice and florence are still different city-states , and athens still wars with sparta ? 
  is that why the house of lancaster still wages savage war against the house of york ? 
   the fact that they 're not willing to go out and publicly propose a federation is effectively an admission that they would n't have sufficient public support for it . 
  that a couple dating for six months is n't yet ready to propose marriage , does n't mean that they will never be ready to propose marriage , nor does it imply unwillingness to * ever * marry . 
  so , yes , the peoples of europe do n't want a european superstate * now * ( they do n't want marriage yet ) . 
  but neither do they want to stop the process towards that european superstate ( they do n't want to break up yet either ) . 
  the peoples of europe are still in the dating phase , or perhaps in the ` shared apartment keys ' phase . 
  well , you see , when other people say `` reform '' they mean the exact opposite , things like direct election of an eu president , and giving power to elected institutions like the eu parliament , in order to make it a better functioning new country . 
   we are not happy with the current state of the eu and where it 's heading . 
  what specific thing are you * exactly * not happy about , and why did n't you make a referendum about the exact thing that you were not being happy about ? 
   and to those saying we just appeased the russians : the cold war is over and we 'd like it to remain so . 
  we should n't be fighting putin over the allegiance of eastern european countries anymore . 
  yes , in a good world putin 's aggression should n't exist , and therefore in a good world we `` should n't '' be fighting putin . 
  but since putin 's aggression exists , all we can decide is how we 'll respond towards it : whether we 'll help it , ignore it , or fight it . 
   it is by far the best chance that the eu has of reforming saying `` reforming '' without actually saying what you want to reform it towards , is meaningless at best , and usually it 's something worse : deliberate obfuscation and misdirection . 
  reform towards what ? 
   voluntary ? 
  i think many people do n't feel that way . 
  the british will vote whether to leave or not . 
  nobody 's stopping you from having a similar referendum . 
  oh , come on . 
  geert wilders positions on russia/ukraine/etc are pretty much `` russia is right about everything , eu and ukraine are wrong about everything '' . 
  frankly it seems that 's his position on everything ( `` moscow is right , brussels is wrong '' ), 
  the eu allows you to leave . 
  the eu was joined up voluntarily , and you can voluntarily choose to leave . 
  russia on the other hand does not allow ukraine to leave . 
  russia has murdered thousands of ukrainians just because it wants to keep ukraine enslaved . 
  so in order to protest a voluntary union , you decided to fuck the victim of naked russian imperialism . 
  i wish you were the neighbors of russia , see how much you liked being fucked over by the privileged whining brats who have so gotten accustomed to the peace and prosperity that the eu brought them . 
  so far , you 've just helped russia fuck both the eu and the ukraine . 
   so everything we do has to meet that benchmark test so it does n't please the russians ? 
  the referendum had no other purpose and no other result than to support russia in its aggression against ukraine ( and the rest of europe ) , no matter how you delude yourselves otherwise . 
   you wo n't find a lot of putin supporters here . 
  except all the political parties that organized the referendum and supported the vote against the ukraine association agreement . 
  you know : the side that was victorious in this filthy referendum . 
   disregarding the fact that the treaty will definitely go through , this is a minor setback you can see the future now , can you ? 
   this has nothing to do with putin , but with the distrust in the ukrainian government . 
  oh , really ? 
  when even the organizers admit that they 're not interested in ukraine ( http://www.dutchnews.nl/features/2016/04/the-ukraine-referendum-is-cynical-manipulative-and-one-we-should-boycott/ ) , but rather in causing harm to come to the whole european project instead ? 
   but then again . 
  ukraine is not in the eu and is corrupt as shit . 
  corruption in ukraine is a bloody excuse . 
  surprise , surprise , it 's all the eu-hating and russia-loving parties that argued for a ` no ' when the eu-supporting parties argued for a ` yes ' . 
  what a surprising coincidence , that the people who do n't want the ukraine associated with eu , are the ones that support putin . 
  the organizers of the campaign want the even more corrupt russia to be their bestest pal . 
  it was because of the trade agreement that russia had already threatened in 2013 ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/sep/22/ukraine-european-union-trade-russia ) to tear apart ukraine , if it went ahead and signed it . 
  it was because of the trade agreement that euromaidan happened . 
  it was because of the trade agreement that russia did follow up on its threat , and it tore apart ukraine to punish it for its disobedience . 
  so , no , everything was about this trade agreement , as the trade agreement with the eu would prevent putin 's plans to keep ukraine under his vile thumb . 
  it 's because of this trade agreement that thousands upon thousands of ukrainians lost their lives in russia 's war against ukraine . 
  congrats , dutch people , for becoming yet one more tool in putin 's toolbox of imperialistic conquest of all of russia 's neighbours . 
  just by going to the wikipedia article about `` feminist views on prostitution '' you can find lots of citations on feminists and feminist organizations who oppose prostitution . 
  of course there 's also sex-positive feminism . 
   while pushing for wrong policies since the beginning . 
  cyprus exited the memorandum . 
  ireland , portugal , spain , all exited the memorandum . 
  even if the `` imf '' is pushing for wrong policies , then the successes in all the other countries indicates that success is possible even if imf is pushing for wrong policies . 
  so perhaps it 's not the imf 's policies that are the problem , but greece 's . 
  it 's not the imf 's policies that shut down the mining operation at skouries , it 's not the imf 's policies that prevented investments in asteras , in ellinikon , in many other places . 
  the effective sabotage against foreign investment , against industrialization , has been a policy of the greek establishment , not the imf 's . 
   they also blood-suck the citizens dry leading to less economic growth . 
  the imf wants greece to do spending cuts and have less taxes . 
  the greek governments do n't want to do spending cuts to its public sectors , and so it proposes the supposedly ` equivalent measure ' of increasing the taxes on the private sector . 
  ( of course it 's not equivalent because it destroys all private investment ) in short , it 's the greek government that 's choosing to blood-suck the productive private citizens dry , because it wants to maintain an army of unproductive public servants . 
  not the imf . 
  the leaked discussion pretty much reveals absolutely nothing bad about the imf . 
  propagandists in greece and elsewhere pretend it said something damning , usually by reversing its meaning 180 degrees . 
  the leaked discussion was that the imf is hoping the negotiation will conclude soon , for the sake of both greeks and everyone else , but that they concerned that greece wo n't seek to conclude the negotiations until some event forces them to do so , like the approach of bankruptcy did last year . 
  both speakers are * against * this greek tactic , and both speakers say that for the sake of the greeks they hope the negotiations should conclude soon . 
  the various propagandists take this dialogue and pretend that it said the completely opposite thing ( that the imf is supposedly deliberately stalling the negotiations in order to produce an event of bankruptcty ) . 
   `` zero comparison . 
  russia is a nation , nazi germany is a regime ruling a nation . '', 
  nazi germany was the nation of germany at a specific period in time ( when it was controlled by the nazis ) . 
  hence the past tense . 
  `` russia is evil '' similarly refers to the nation of russia at a specific period in time . 
  the present time , under its current government . 
   saying `` germany is evil '' is as racist as saying `` russia is evil '' . 
  neither statement is racist , but the first statement is wrong and the second statement is right . 
  `` russia is evil '' is n't racist , the same way that saying `` nazi germany was evil '' is n't racist . 
  if someone said `` the russian nation will always be evil , it 's in their genes '' , that would be racist , same as if someone had said `` the german nation will always be evil , it 's in their genes '' both such statements would be wrong and racist . 
   the project was to remove the citizenship even if they have only french . 
  the article says `` sole french nationals had been excluded from the proposal . 
  stripping them would have made them stateless citizens - which is not permitted under international law . '', 
  also : `` the socialist-dominated lower house removed the reference to dual nationality when it approved the bill , meaning the punishment could in principle be applied to all nationals , although in practice french nationals with sole citizenship were unlikely to be affected . '', 
  `` but the opposition-controlled upper house , the senate , restored the original wording . '', 
  so basically it seems that the project was scrapped because one house wanted to remove it from both dual-citizenship people and sole-citizenship people , and the other house wanted to remove it from only dual-citizenship people , and it seems as a result it was scrapped altogether , and so it wo n't be removed from anyone . 
  congrats , france . 
  true , though he also said that how if you treat the poor well or badly is as if you treated him well or badly `` you saw me naked and clothed me , you saw me hungry and fed me '' , etc , etc, 
   1990s was when the real dispute started . 
  yes , but my point is that i disagreed with you implying that it was then that the region had `` to find a name to distinguish it from the rest of the former union . '', 
  this was implying that they ` found ' the name macedonia then , when they had ` found ' it almost 50 years earlier . 
   we have no problem with them including macedonia in their name , they are part of the region after all . 
  this is a * recent * change in policy , all throughout the 1990s for example it was considered treasonous to even suggest fyr macedonia could have `` macedonia '' or any derivative in its name at all .
