  right now we do n't . 
  it 's humans deciding on rights all the way in either direction . 
  you may argue that the vote is not required , but why should the people not vote on it explicitly , so that no further ` interpretation ' is required ? 
   human rights should n't be voted on . 
  they should n't be given or taken away by a popular vote . 
  if you do n't explain by what method human rights should be recognized , then your answer remains merely half . 
  you reject one method of recognition of specific human rights , but you do n't say which method would be better . 
   but really , these things should never be decided by a referendum . 
  these are the rights of a minority we are talking about . 
  if you mean that they should be decided by the legislative or judicial or executive branch , what makes you think that they 're more equipped to decide on the rights of a minority than the citizenry as a whole ? 
  i generally find this attitude a bit silly , as if the alternative to ` decided by referendum ' was ` protected by the physical laws of the universe ' instead of ` decided by someone else ' . 
   syriza is the most left-wing party in eu at the moment you say that as if it 's in contradiction to them embracing fascism . 
  this is the 21st century , far-leftists are nowadays the best pals of far-right-wingers , and this is made evident by syriza itself who is in a governing coalition with a far-right antisemitic party , and has as foreign minister the same person ( nikos kotzias ) who had invited the famous russian fascist ideologue alexander dugin to deliver a lecture on international politics ( details in http://anton-shekhovtsov.blogspot.gr/2015/01/aleksandr-dugin-and-syriza-connection.html ), 
   and having nato bases in our country is somehow better . 
  yes , since greece can choose to leave nato any time it wants . 
  when greece told the americans to leave from the bases at hellenikon , the americans indeed left . 
  it 's russian troops that do n't ever willingly leave from anywhere . 
  see moldova , see georgia , see ukraine . 
   we have those kind of ` peacekeepers ' in our country , yet nothing is done about them . 
  greeks just need to elect a government that tells them to leave . 
  unlike with the warsaw pact , nobody has ever forced a country to join nato and nobody has ever forced a country to remain in it . 
   turks invading cyprus ? 
  yes , nato should indeed have opposed both greece 's and turkey 's attempt to take over the island . 
  but if we 're to bash nato for tolerating the imperialism of its members , then obviously acts like the vietnam war and english and french colonialism would have also been obvious points of condemnation . 
   fyrom using our provinces ' name ? 
  support them . 
  lol . 
  by ` support them ' you mean what exactly , that they did not invade fyr macedonia with tanks and bombs to * force * them to change their name ? 
  greece has accepted absolutely no compromise on the name , accepted no term that includes the word ` macedonia ' at all . 
  so what is there to do ? 
  greece has already signed an agreement that it would n't block fyr macedonia 's membership in nato and the eu , as long as the name `` former yugoslav republic of macedonia '' was used -- and yet nato and the eu have * accepted * greece 's illegitimately continuing block of such membership , when they should n't have . 
  that 's how much they support us -- more than they actually should . 
  ` peacekeepers ' from a neighboring nation with a vested interest in the conflict would more appropriately be called ` occupation force ' . 
   oh yeah , now atheists are superior , ok . atheists have one point of superiority , but it 's a big one : they correctly do n't believe in a non-existent god . 
   not like i 've seen the way people look at my muslim friends in the supermarket after the charlie hebdo attacks . 
  not like i 've heard idiots yell at them about to back to their own country and fuck goats . 
  not like dumb cunt politicians spread fear and hate amongst the people against muslims . 
  i was n't among those people , but somehow you think it okay to group me alongside * those * other people . 
  now you discriminate against me for * my * religious beliefs ( my religious belief includes the idea that islam is a false religion , and that false religions should be hated )  look , the hateful bastards show his true colours . 
  what , had n't i * already * made it clear enough that i hate islam ? 
   they can not oppress you , i 've never seen an idea beat someone up . 
  and yet for some reason you are allowed to hate on the ideas of theo van gogh , and those ideas are supposedly harmful , but i 'm not allowed to hate on the ideas of mohammed , and those ideas are supposedly harmless . 
   who beats you up ? 
  soldiers . 
  by who 's order ? 
  that of the politicians . 
  and what makes the soldiers obey the politicians ? 
  some ` ideas ' in the head of the soldiers . 
  and what makes the politicians order the soldiers ? 
  some ` ideas ' in the head of the politicians . 
  ideas move brains , which move arms and legs , which can punch and kick people . 
  so yeah , ideas can indeed grow into systems of oppression . 
   and islam oppresses muslims ? 
  yes , you moron . 
  every religion primarily oppresses its own adherents , only secondarily adherents of other faiths . 
   a concept like religion in itself can not `` opress '' spoken like a true moron . 
  you probably have no problem thinking that ` capitalism ' can oppress , or that ` hatred ' can oppress , or that ` racism ' can oppress , or that ` nazism ' can oppress -- but you 're so desperate to defend premedieval faith systems that religions alone become magically exempt from oppressing people , unlike every other similar concept . 
   that 's your view , if you ca n't accept that other people have a different opinion ... one can both ` accept ' that other people have a different opinion , and yet have the basic understanding that some opinions are wrong , and that we 're allowed to call them wrong !, 
   because westboro baptist church is an extreme variant of christianity , but islam is a religion in it 's whole . 
  lol . 
  so if westboro baptist church said `` we are a religion , not merely a variant of christianity '' , then by merely the act of them having gotten relabelled , it would be wrong to now discriminate against them . 
  yes , this sort of nonsense is what your absurd self-contradictory ideology reduces you to . 
  but everyone else just sees you as a hypocritical buffoon . 
  the only reason you hate on westboro church but not on islam , is because islam primarily oppresses * muslims * , and since you 're a ` white agnost european ' , you do n't get to suffer from islam like actual muslims do . 
  the film that got theo van gogh killed was him defending * muslims * against the oppression of islam . 
  but since you 're a privileged white ` agnost ' european , why would you care about the oppression of muslim women at the hands of islam , as theo van gogh did . 
   so wait , first you talk about that islam hates gays , but then you say that muslim people can also not hate gays ? 
  first of all , when did i say `` islam hates gays '' ? 
  secondly , obviously not all people calling themselves ` muslims ' believe in everything ` islam ' says . 
  why , do you think that all self-proclaimed ` christians ' believe in everything christianity says ? 
   theo van gogh was an extremist right wing asshole who thought it was ok to hate muslims for what an extremist minority did , like you do , and that 's retarded and discriminating . 
  theo van gogh 's movie ` submission ' spoke of the abuse four muslim women suffered . 
  theo van gogh cared about the rights of muslims more than you do . 
  but you like to pretend that he was a ` racist ' because of his film even though he worked alongside black somali woman ayaan hirsi ali on it . 
   ok so because you disagree with someone makes it ok to disrespect and hate them and discriminate them . 
  you really have a problem distinguishing between people and religions do n't you ? 
  if you ca n't separate between `` islam '' and `` muslim '' , then you 're the one being a bigot and an oppressor of muslim people , by insisting that other people must tolerate and accept the system that oppresses muslims . 
  and yes , the people that islam * primarily * oppresses is muslims . 
   these extremists are also the people that burn other muslims alive , while that is literally forbidden in the quran . 
  so if there was a set of self-proclaimed muslims that does n't follow the biddings of the quran , i 'm supposed to proclaim them ` non-muslims ' or something ? 
   do n't tell me they practice islam in the right way then . 
  what 's the right way to worship a non-existent god ? 
  where i see it everyone calling themselves a ` muslim ' is wrong . 
  the tolerant people who 'd say their god commands them to accept gays are wrong , because their god does n't exist and so never said that . 
  the people who said their god commands them to kill gays are also wrong , because their god does n't exist and so never said that either . 
   and yeah , we should tell apart extremists from regular believers . 
  what , all christians hate gays and soldiers too because of the westboro baptist church ? 
  lol , so it 's okay to discriminate against the part of christianity that calls itself ` westboro baptist church ' ( though its followers have never killed gay people or murdered anyone else that i know of ) , but it 's not okay to discriminate against the part of abrahamic religions calling themselves ` islam ' ( though many of its followers have done lots worse than the westboro baptist church ) ? 
  so why exactly is the westboro baptist church okay to discriminate against and islam is n't ? 
  just because islam is * bigger * ? 
   `` they '' , you 're generalizing again , like they 're all in the same fucking terrorist group . 
  dude you 're insane . 
  you spoke about specific people like mohammed ali and malcolm x , and i used a pronoun to acknowledge that yes , these people did n't believe killing gays was okay ( to the best of my knowledge ) . 
  get a fucking grip and a reading comprehension . 
   tolerance for gay is almost exclusive to western society . 
  yes , because western society stopped respecting religions . 
  that 's the thing you are on the other side of when you bash theo van gogh for bashing on a religion . 
   by that logic , the allies discriminated the nazi 's too , right ? 
  yes , obviously and they were correct to do so . 
  that 's my point .
