  you 're seeing syriza 's actions as if they are isolated events , but go all the way back to their creation as a party and from that time to today you 'll not find a single instance of them criticising russia on anything , whether that 's ukraine , human rights , anything . 
  i suggest reading something like http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2015/07/08/is-putin-playing-puppetmaster-in-greece.html `` prime minister tsipras , too , has visited risi headquarters , leading to the odd situation that one of the top security partnerships possessed by a nato and eu country is with putin 's foreign intelligence service . 
  current government assessments coming out of athens `` read like they 're written by the svr -- which they probably are , '' bemoaned a european intelligence official . 
  `` we 've always had our doubts about the greeks , '' he added , `` but today 's situation is even worse than it was during the cold war . 
  the russians are quietly running the show . '', 
   tsipras just said yesterday that lafazanis left platform infiltrated syriza which is openly a pro-european party to push their pro-russian rhetoric . 
  considering he used the terms `` infiltrated '' there is not really much chance of syriza going to russia . 
  can you give a link/citation for this ? 
  because i failed to hear about it , and i 'd like to read it/watch it . 
  yes , by itself . 
  combine it however with syriza 's support of russia against ukraine , the ties between syriza leading members and riss/dugin/etc , the fact that it has never once in its existence criticicised russia about anything ... not only are they puppets of russia , they are rather blatant and obvious ones at that . 
  what would be the profit for moscow in using its money to repay greek debts towards europeans ? 
  the purpose of puppets is that they help you out , not that you help them out . 
  besides moscow ca n't afford it . 
   he compared the plan to a country preparing its defences ahead of war the war rhetoric against the europeans has been going throughout his government 's rule . 
  the europeans have been presented by tsipras 's government as invaders and occupiers , the espoused `` no '' on the referendum has been compared to the ` ochi ' against the axis forces in 1941 , people who voted ` yes ' in the referendum ( or otherwise have n't been hating on the europeans ) have been called fifth-columnists and traitors . 
  the propaganda of tsipras ' government is consistent on this , he wants the greek people to * hate * on europe and to think that we 're on an actual war against europe . 
  this is all part and parcel of how the syriza government are complete puppets of the kremlin , and absolutely everything they do is in the kremlin 's service and at the kremlin 's bidding . 
   so `` do this or leave the euro '' is n't blackmail ? 
  when a doctor tells you `` do this surgery , or you 'll die '' , the doctor is n't blackmailing you or even threatening you . 
  when a car mechanic tells you `` your car needs this fix , or it 'll break down and possibly kill you '' the mechanic is again not blackmailing you . 
  leaving the eurozone would likewise be the natural consequence of the greek government not having enough euros because it 's overspending and it refuses to fix its economy , so that nobody in the world was willing to lend it money . 
  nobody would force us out of the eurozone , it 'd be the natural consequence of failing to have enough money to pay wages and pensions . 
  if europe are `` blackmailers '' for refusing to lend us money , why is n't the whole rest of the world also `` blackmailers '' for likewise refusing to lend us money ? 
  why is n't china or russia or iran or united states or whatever other nation in the world likewise called `` blackmailers '' for not lending us money ? 
  why are n't private individuals all over the world not called `` blackmailers '' for no longer being willing to buy greek government bonds at low interests ? 
  that 's what the whole deal is about , greece not being trustworthy enough to be given money !, 
  other countries not trusting us enough to lend us money !, 
  and that you need that money really really badly does n't make them blackmailers for refusing to lend them to you !, 
   he thought the referendum would give him some bargaining power . 
  it did n't . 
  this just does n't make sense . 
  it would give him bargaining power to * abandon * the talks and thus do a grexit . 
  but if you yourself argue that grexit is * impossible * and that it was never in the cards , how would him being in a better position for a grexit , give him a better bargaining power for anything else ? 
  it just does n't make sense . 
   lol no . 
  there was never a serious offer by russia . 
  you really think russia is in any condition to give greece the amount of money and support the eu can give ? 
  no , of course i do n't believe that . 
  but that 's not the point , is it now ? 
  it 's not as if i accuse tsipras of being a misled patriot who honestly believed ( wrongly ) that greece 's people would be better off with an alliance with russia . 
  why would rich people seek to leave with their money , if they could have * invested * their money here ? 
  modern capitalist wealth is about investments , not about gold in safety deposit boxes . 
  modern capitalist wealth is about * factories * a , not the sort of wealth you can put in a bag and leave . 
  but every investment is sabotaged , either out of pseudo-ecological reasons or out of pseudo-leftist reasons . 
  see how fanatically the goldmines in skouries gets opposed , to the point where miners get drenched in oil and threatened to be set on fire , to the point where their children are bullied out of school . 
  or see the ellinikon investment getting blocked . 
  every investment possible is stopped dead in its track . 
  evil capitalist wealth and all that , we need to stop the capitalist oppressors and stuff . 
  in the whole of europe , only russia , belarus , and ukraine have a less free economy than greece . 
   greeks were blackmailed into submission usually a ` blackmailer ' is the one who seeks to * receive * money , else they threaten to do bad things to you , not the person who refuses to give you free money . 
  perhaps you mean to say that greeks were * frightened * into submission . 
  but the only threat that they ever received is that `` we wo n't lend you any more money '' , and this frightened the greek government because it does n't have enough money without such loans from the europeans . 
  its own public servants would rise up to oust the government in that scenario . 
  but someone refusing to lend anyone else any more money hardly counts as ` blackmail ' in any sane meaning of the word . 
  `` the people voted no at the referendum but also 70 % do n't want to leave the euro . 
  the only way would be to submit which is what tsipras did . '', 
  so tsipras decided to follow the opinion polls instead of the referendum that he himself ordered , that 's what you 're saying ? 
  and this whole thing makes sense to you ? 
  that he ordered a referendum he was n't planning on respecting , and that he obeyed opinion polls over the referendum he ordered ? 
  does n't it make more sense that he was instead actually planning to use the referendum to justify his grexit * over * whatever opinion polls said about the euro ( as a referendum is much more sacred over any opinion poll ) , and that the whole thing was scrapped just because of russia pulling the rug under his feet ? 
  `` what was the point of the referendum ? '', 
  is the thing that everyone in europe has been asking , and neither you nor tsipras can give a reasonable answer to that . 
  http://www.interpretermag.com/kremlin-think-tank-confirms-close-links-with-kremlin-and-with-new-greek-premier/ the head of the russian institute for strategic studies ( risi ) , earlier part of russia 's foreign intelligence service ( svr ) and now in the presidential administration , admits his institution `` over the course of the year has actively cooperated with analysts of the greek syriza party '' and that its leader , the new greek prime minister , visited risi . 
  on syriza 's ties with alexander dugin and georgiy gavrish http://www.interpretermag.com/aleksandr-dugin-and-greeces-syriza-connection/ http://riss.ru/mail/7312/#.vompuc50vlc dear mr. director !, 
  dear team of riss !, 
  it 's with particular joy that i inform you , that all members of the greek delegation who visited your institute on 12 may 2014 and worked with you on the conference on greek-russian relations , have taken the following government positions in the greek government : alexis tsipras -- prime minister ( head of government ) yannis dragasakis -- deputy prime minister , in charge of economic development nikos pappas -- minister of coordination of government nadya valavani -- deputy minister of economy nikos kotzias -- minister of foreign affairs kostas isichos -- deputy minister of defense with wishes to continue our fruitful cooperation between us , and our peoples , dimitriois velanis athens , 28-1-2015, 
  i have never voted for nd in national elections since by the time i was old enough to vote , kostas karamanlis , the chief destroyer of the greek economy , was in leadership of that party , and the other asshole antonis samaras eventually became his successor . 
  it 's strange how syriza picked the closest associate of kostas karamanlis ( the chief destroyer of the greek economy ) to be president of the hellenic republic , no ? 
  it 's strange how those investigative committees that syriza created , excluded all the years of kostas karamanlis from their investigation , is it not ? 
   i talked with some greek people just a few months ago who complained about the flat tax system . 
  perhaps they were just wrong or you misunderstood them ? 
  i do n't believe greece ever had a ` flat tax ' ( in my lifetime at least ) . 
  you ( unsurprisingly ) still have n't answered what you want the creditor countries to do . 
   because it 's a zero sum game of stupidity here where the creditors are angels and syriza a malicious monster that wants to sell us to russia . 
  the creditors are capitalists , but to the extent that the rules of capitalism allow them they have done nothing wrong against greece . 
  many countries would have actual grievances against the europeans ( e.g iraq for being invaded , yugoslavia for being bombed , ukraine for not being supported enough against russia 's aggression ) but greece is n't one of them . 
  but yes , syriza is indeed a malicious monster that wants to sell us to russia , anyone that doubts that should look how syriza has supported russia 's dismemberment of ukraine , and always in all circumstances does whatever would favor russia the most . 
  you can literally not get a government that 's more of a russian puppet than the current greek government , not even if you put the communist party of greece in charge ( the communist party occasionally accuses russia of capitalism , syriza does n't even do that , it just adores putin and supports everything that russia does always ) . 
  are you denying that tsipras who supposedly represents the most pro-european aspect of syriza nonetheless keeps speaking about how the tyrannical europeans blackmailed us into submission , ruthlessly disregarding the will of the greek people and that we had no other solution but to submit ? 
  or that 's * that 's * the most pro-european you 'll ever hear from any of syriza 's fractions ? 
  as for syriza seeking to sell us off to russia , and deliberately destroying the greek economy in order to do so , do please look up the close ties between the leading members of syriza/anel and of risi ( the russian institute for strategic studies ) . 
  tsipras was unconcerned and even happy about the closure of the banks because he wanted that to be the `` catalyst '' of greece `` seeking a new harbour '' in russia . 
  russia pulled the rug under his feet when on the very sunday of the referendum russia informed tsipras that he would n't be getting the billions from russia that he had been hoping for to support the grexit . 
  silly tsipras , why would russia care to support a parasitic greece , when it can get its geopolitical enemy ( the eu ) to support it instead ? 
  but hey man , if you can explain tsipras 's moves otherwise , i 'm open to hearing alternative scenarios more credible than the one above . 
  you did n't answer the guy about what you want the creditor countries to do . 
  i 'm guessing you just want the europeans to give free money to greece ( and by this i mean to the greek government ) without any obligation of greece to ever repay them back . 
  any other course of actions makes the europeans `` evil '' -- if they lend money to greece with the hope of eventually receiving them back , they 're evil moneylenders . 
  if they do n't lend money to greece , they 're `` strangling our economy '' and supposedly `` blackmailing '' us . 
  that 's the evil rhetoric of the syriza government which wants to make all of greece to hate europe by such pretenses . 
  the bitterly amusing thing is how the supposedly pro-european syriza is split among the factions that say `` the europeans are evil but we must submit to them , there 's no other way '' and the faction that says `` the europeans are evil and therefore we must fight them '' , with no faction in this supposedly pro-european party that dares argue that the europeans are perhaps not evil . 
  that 's again part of the ploy . 
  the former faction is there so it can pretend that they also represent all the pro-europeans who voted `` yes '' in the referendum , in order to falsely depict all pro-european greeks as cowardly submitters to the eeevil europeans . 
  well fuck that . 
  syriza is a thousand times more obstinate , lying and all around evil than anything europeans have done to greece . 
  the treasonous syriza deliberately finished off the greek economy in its attempts to sell us cheaply to russia , and it was only when that plan did n't pan out ( it turns out russia does n't think greece is worth a loan of 10 billion ) that syriza dramatically turned its `` no '' to `` yes '' and went to suck up to the europeans and receive a loan from them again ( all the while blaming them again for their evil methods ) . 
  that large parts of syriza wants greece to change geopolitical sides and become an underling of russia is quite correct , i 'm afraid . 
  and the remaining parts of syriza want greece to do russia 's bidding while still technically remaining inside western alliances . 
  ( this also coincides alexander 's dugin 's suggestion in his lecture as invited by the current greek foreign minister kotzias , that greece may be of more help to `` eurasianism '' inside the eu rather than if it exited the eu and became part of the eurasian union ) so basically syriza in its entirety is all about doing russia 's bidding , but they disagree on what are the best tactics about so doing russia 's bidding .
