  if so please state this denial explicitly , so i can screenshot it and wayback machine it . 
   there is but one truth : if the yes had won , then the current government would have to resign . 
  wrong again !, 
  no such resignation had been stated explicitly by tsipras . 
  the only person who promised to resign in the case of yes was varoufakis !, 
  ( and he resigned in the case of no , too , so obviously that whole thing was for show , it was already decided would have just resigned anyway . ), 
  members of his party and his coalition allies both argued that tsipras should remain in position . 
  nonsense . 
  syriza himself has been at the forefront of the sabotage of all industry and investment , that 's not something europe did to us , that 's something we did it to ourselves . 
  ( have to get rid of the bad capitalists and their bad factories and hotels , you know ), 
  nonsense . 
  it 's if greece stays , that the game is over for the euro , because who else is gon na want to stay in the euro , with greece in it ? 
  the greek people is n't aware of this . 
  most voters of ` no ' that i 've talked to seem to think `` things ca n't get worse than the last 5 years have been '' , and they really thought they had nothing to lose by saying ` no ' . 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  all the parties except the governing coalition and the neonazis of golden dawn voted against the referendum taking place at all . 
  but now suddenly there was a ploy by the ` old political system ' behind the ` yes ' answer . 
  who set the question and voted in favour of the referendum in the first place ? 
  the governing coalition ( and the neonazis ) . 
  of course syriza 's opponents ( besides the neonazis ) would love it to quit . 
  of course we would ask syriza to quit if we had gotten a ` yes ' vote !, 
  but it was your bloody referendum !, 
  you are the ones you wanted it !, 
  and now you have the audacity of blasting opposition parties ( with the exception of the neonazis ) for daring to support a position different than yours . 
  this rhetoric we are hearing here in greece is that everyone who voted ` yes ' is a ` germanotsolias ' ( a collaborator of the ww2-era nazi conquerors ) . 
  i 've lost count of how many times i 've heard of the hangman 's ` nooses ' that await us supposed traitors . 
  now you fucking speak about the ` old political system ' , as if syriza and the fascists of anel and the neonazis of golden dawn are n't the deepest and sickest * part * of the old political system , a magnification of its most vile portion , rather than something new , as if you did n't always enjoy the immunity the old political system and supported it back likewise . 
  what , it 's * exactly * 50 % greece and 50 % the rest of eurozone ? 
  that would be a very strange coincidence for the fault to be so precisely divided . 
  or it indicates a lack of knowledge from a certain portion of the population . 
  i 've seen many supporters of ` no ' claim `` greece ca n't get worse than the past 5 years '' . 
  the people who are old enough to have * seen * greece in a worse state than the past 5 years , * know * we could have been far worse . 
   but they always say it about the others , not themselves . 
  well , yeah , people can only see themselves being dumb in retrospect ( if then ) . 
  if we could recognize ourselves being dumb while we 're being dumb , we would n't be being dumb !, 
  that 's trivial . 
  but it does n't follow from that that nobody is dumb . 
   people are not dumb many people are dumb . 
   and surely realized that there is a risk for grexit with a no vote tsipras kept saying that there was no such risk , that an agreement with the europeans is all but signed and ready . 
  so the ` no ' really means ` yes ' to a better agreement for greece , while ` yes ' means ` no ' to the better agreement but ` yes ' to the worse one . 
  and of course that the referendum has nothing to do with grexit , the greek people are used to politicians being liars , but i do n't think they 're used to them being as shameless liars as tsipras is . 
  he 's a born liar , he lies as instinctively and fluidly as other people breathe . 
   we vote yes in case we agree that the debt is sustainable by more spending cuts . 
  we vote no , in case we believe the program in not working anymore ( see imf report supporting this ) and we need growth to pay back our debt . 
  not really . 
  my own interpretation is ` we vote no ' if we think europeans have been our enemies who want to humiliate us and subjugate us to their evil schemes , ` we vote yes ' if we think europeans have been our allies and have largely treated us honestly . 
  throughout greek forums , the rhetoric is clear from the ` no ' side that whoever is voting ` yes ' is supposedly undignifiedly prostrating themselves to be humiliated by the german conquerors , merkel and scheuble , who are supposedly acting like new nazis towards greece . 
  the division has nothing to do with the sustainability of debt or not . 
  the two sides are divided according to whether they believe the europeans to be deliberately seeking greece 's harm or not . 
  the arguments are n't economic about whether the plan is * mistaken * or not , they 're about whether the plan is * evil * or not . 
  personally i do n't think that tsipras is planning to resign at all in the case of a yes vote . 
   on the other hand you have greece , which currently has pretty much nothing left to lose . 
  you 're naive and innocent if you think that greece does n't have lots more yet to lose . 
  up to now we still have functioning schools and hospitals . 
  how are you going to pay for all these from now on , let alone the half million public servants and whatever number of pensioners ? 
  do n't assume you know what his cause is . 
  the translation given is correct . 
  '' \u03c4\u03c1\u03bf\u03bc\u03bf\u03ba\u03c1\u03b1\u03c4\u03af\u03b1 '' means `` terrorism '' and that 's exactly how he intended . 
  leftists in greece ( and elsewhere i 'm guessing ) have often enjoyed talking about how the `` real terrorists '' are the capitalist elite , and the focus on e.g. 
  jihadists or non-state terrorist cells is meant to distract us . 
  so , yeah , the word is deliberate and that 's exactly what it 's meant to , argue that these people are morally the same as jihadists or leftist assassination squads . 
  ( except i 'm not sure they ever call leftist assassination squads ` terrorists ' ), 
   they guy believes most of the parties are russian leaning . 
  there are 7 parties in the greek parliament , syriza , nd , golden dawn , to potami , kke , pasok , and anel . 
  4 of these ( syriza , kke , golden dawn , anel ) are blatantly , openly pro-russia and pro-putin , and not even you can deny it . 
  or do you ? 
  tell me which one you 're denying is pro-russia , and i 'll start with the quotes and references . 
  if you are n't denying it , then you * also * believe that `` most of the parties are russian leaning '' . 
  so , why did n't you say `` we both believe most of the parties are russian leaning '' rather than `` the guy believes most of the parties are russian leaning '' ? 
  :-) let me note btw that all four of these voted against the following motion : http://www.votewatch.eu/en/term8-state-of-eu-russia-relations-motion-for-resolution-vote-resolution.html#/##vote-tabs-list-4 making greece the only country in the eu where the majority of the meps voted against . 
   even the staunchly pro europeans . 
  the ecfr itself declared greece to be russia 's `` trojan horse '' inside the eu in 2007 -- that was back when ` conservative ' ` pro-european ' ` neoliberal ' government of nd with kostas karamanlis as pm was in place . 
  ( http://www.ecfr.eu/publications/summary/a_power_audit_of_eu_russia_relations ) it describes how greece was willing to veto common european positions if those positions would even possibly annoy russia . 
  i can also list a bunch of other ways that karamanlis was pro-russia , but i do n't think you really can be convinced about it . 
  as for the current leader of nd , samaras , he was the handpicked successor of kostas karamanlis , he has let russian troops parade in national greek parades , while he was a big supporter of the `` orthodox arc '' of greece-serbia-russia during the yugoslav wars in the 1990s . 
  this is not a judgment on the party as a whole ( which has a pro-eu base ) , it 's a judgment on its last two leaders ( and former pms ) , samaras and karamanlis . 
  in regards to the last two parties , pasok and potami , it 's hard to judge their current leaders when they 've not been in their positions for long , but the meps of these parties recently voted to abstain from the above mentioned motion of the european parliament too . 
  that does n't say good things about them . 
  behind what , specifically ? 
  if the entirety of the greek debt was written off , and they gave us an additional 50 billion as a sheer gift , that would still not solve greece 's structural problems . 
  the money would just be used to increase salaries and pensions the first year , and then we 'd just be in a position where needing an additional 50 billions every following year to maintain salaries and pensions at that level . 
  since no new 50 billions would arrive as a gift from outside the next year , we 'd need to borrow those 50 billions , and same the following year , and before long we 're right back where we started . 
   that 's what a better proposal should enable . 
  how ? 
  seriously how ? 
  either syriza says `` nope this proposal is n't good enough '' and we 're back where we started with months of pointless discussion going nowhere , or syriza says `` this watered-down proposal of yours still utterly sucks , but we 're forced to take it , and we 'll make sure to blame you for everything bad that happens in the next four years '' , which is the last 5 years repeated again with a memorandum number 3 , except with a government even less willing to actually implement any reforms mentioned in the proposal . 
  europe and syriza have no business doing ` proposals ' at each other , since syriza has openly declared the european lenders to be enemies that want to subjugate and humiliate the greek nation . 
  if greeks truly believe this , it 's time to leave europe . 
  if we do n't believe this , it 's time to drop syriza . 
  there can be no loans between enemies , so either syriza stays and we need to leave europe , or we stay in europe and syriza needs to go . 
  one or the other , and fuck the idea of syriza doing a deal with ` villainous ' europe , while laughing behind the back of its hand of how its blackmail against europe worked . 
   i just want people to stop blaming each other and focus on fixing what needs to be fixed you ca n't stay married at someone who declares you an enemy . 
  either syriza goes and we stay in europe , or syriza stays and we leave europe . 
   then the only solution left is to give in , and offer a better proposal . 
  fuck that noise . 
  either ` yes ' wins and tsipras should resign , or ` no ' wins and we should go it alone ( with whatever charity other nations want to give us , but free of all conditions and memoranda ) . 
  i do n't want a ` better ' proposal , i want an end to this nonending circus which allows greek governments to blame everything on europeans while at the same time taking their money . 
  one way or another it must end . 
   imf only today gave the info to the press and itself recognizes the program ( any program ) will not be viable without a debt cut that 's not quite what it said : http://www.cnbc.com/id/102806405 `` but if the package of reforms under consideration is weakened further -- in particular , through a further lowering of primary surplus targets and even weaker structural reforms -- haircuts on debt will become necessary , '' it added . 
  -- in short ` haircuts on debt ' will become necessary if greece does n't proceed with the ` structural reforms ' that it has been fighting against all the time now .
