  you forget the tor tanks , the kornet-e anti-tank missiles , the ak-74m assault rifles and the zubr hovercrafts . 
   syriza is in fact the only goverment in a long time to have made any meaningful gestures towards the russians and even that might turn out to be just a bluff . 
  syriza is * openly * russophile from head to toe , rather than merely having an russophile agent in the leadership of a party divided between russophile and west-phile forces ( like nd and pasok both were ) . 
  as for its leadership , i obviously do n't have any way of proving it , but i believe that the russian embassy gives them their marching orders to the last detail . 
  this is beyond mere russophilia , but rather complete obedience to the kremlin . 
  everything syriza does you can expect that it 's something that russia wants them does , or at the very least has given them the okay to . 
   we have american bases on our soil and are a member of nato , nothing of which anyone of the people you mentioned did anything against . 
  a ) they would n't have the support of their parties to get us out of nato . 
  they were prime ministers , not omnipotent dictators . 
  b ) russia itself would n't want greece out of nato . 
  we 're more useful to russia * inside * nato . 
   the mitsotakis family are no angels . 
  no , both kostantinos mitsotakis and dora bakoyanni at least have been opportunists . 
  but as i said the sin they 're hated for is that they were western-friendly . 
  that 's why theirs is the only political family that has suffered deaths from the russophile terrorists . 
   quoting people like `` mr mitsotakis '' is just hilarious as he comes from the same dynasty that has ruined greece for years now . 
  unlike the karamanlis family ( two prime ministers , 1955-63 , 1974-80 , 2004-09 ) & the papandreou family ( three prime ministers , 1944-45 , 1964-1965 , 1981-1989 , 1993-1996 , 2009-2011 ) , there has only existed one brief mitsotakis government ( 1990-1993 ) and that brief period was one of the healthiest economically in modern greek history . 
  the mitsotakis family is despised by russophiles in greece because his government had been one of the very few genuinely western-friendly governments of greece in recent history , and his children seem largely to be following his west-friendly philosophy ( and that 's unlikely to change since they 've lost a husband/brother-in-law to the leftist russophile terrorists of 17n ) . 
  for this west-friendly attitude his government was overthrown by ( russophile ) samaras who was eventually brought pack to the party by ( other russophile ) kostas karamanlis to succeed him in the leadership of the party and eventually the prime ministership . 
  now samaras even after his defeat ( which previously in his party traditionally meant the retirement of the leader ) is holding onto the leadership of the party lest some other member of the western-phile mitsotakis family achieves the leadership . 
  each party supports a set of policies , whether they are in government or outside it . 
  if the policies syriza publicly supported are catastrophic , and if the policies they loudly opposed would have been beneficient , then they are not so completely blameless when the catastrophic policies get implemented and the beneficient policies get aborted . 
  you 're an idiot . 
  / u/lobogato describes what is actually happening . 
  the support of fascist parties by russia and the support of fascist parties across europe towards russia is a bloody * fact * . 
  even as brussels is ( in europe ) the geopolitical pole for progressive multicultural democracy , russia is the geopolitical pole for fascist and far-leftist dictatorships alike . 
   being critical of the handling of the economic crisis does not preclude staying in the union . 
  of course not . 
  i 'm also `` critical of the handling of the economic crisis '' . 
  that 's not what we 're bloody talking about . 
  we 're explicitly talking about the other eu countries being talked about as villains and enemies of greece , that seek to deliberately destroy it for their own economic benefit . 
  can you bloody get the difference between an ally you 're merely critical of , and enemies that are out to destroy you ? 
  yes or no ? 
  can you get that the rhetoric of the current greek government is constantly that of the latter ? 
  that greeks who disapprove of the greek government behaviour towards its eu ` partners ' are being called `` fifth columnists '' as if greece is at * war * with the rest of the eu ? 
  that e.g. 
  the merkel government is frequently compared to the nazi invaders during ww2 ? 
  so frankly , shut up , you utter ignoramus . 
  it 's i who understands the difference between countries being `` critical '' towards each other and countries being * enemies * . 
  and it 's you who do n't . 
  you are just babbling , and you do n't seem to actually care about anything i said . 
  every country has the right to leave the eu , if they so want it . 
  this is n't like the us where states do n't have the right to leave . 
  this is n't like russia where they 'll crush separatism with fire and blood as they did in chechnya . 
  the eu is a voluntary union of countries , and anyone who wants to leave it , can indeed leave it . 
  arguing that greece ( or any other country ) should leave the eu is a perfectly acceptable position . 
  what is n't acceptable is to want to have it both ways -- both pretend that the eu is horribly bad , but nonetheless refuse to leave it . 
  of course that contradictory attitude is fully explainable by greece being russia 's trojan horse inside the eu ( as pronounced in the 2007 power audit of eu-russia relations http://www.ecfr.eu/publications/summary/a_power_audit_of_eu_russia_relations ) . 
   the eu was intended to be a democratic union of sovereign nations , and yet , in the midst of an ongoing crisis , is looking ever more like a dictatorship . 
  says a privileged citizen of the western world who probably has n't actually lived in a dictatorship . 
  well let me tell you right now , that all the dictatorship-lovers in greece ( from both the far-right and the far-left ) hate the eu ; because eu is the geopolitical pole in europe which is aligned with democratic progressivism . 
   greece has always needed europe and europe has always needed greece . 
  that has never and will never change . 
  ... so after all the bullshit about how bad the eu is , you then follow up with some rhetorical nonsense like that . 
  are you an actual sentient human being , or just a trollbot that strings sentences along and does n't even know what it 's saying ? 
  shut up about the `` lashings '' and all the bullshit . 
  if all the rest of the europe is filled with such villainous crazies , you should be openly asking for greece 's complete exit from the eu . 
  but the greek governments keeps trying to have it both ways , speak about the rest of europe as being our enemies who want to hurt us ( because blaming europeans is the only way to prevent the greek people from blaming the people in the greek establishment who are actually to blame for devastating the greek economy ) , and at the same time keep us within the eu because it 's only with eu-provided money that it can sustain the parasitic public sector . 
  so , what is it ? 
  is the rest of europe greece 's crazy enemies or not ? 
  and if they are , why does n't the oh-so-patriotic and oh-so-proud greek government seek to have greece leave the eu ? 
   the whole el dorado thing is smelly shit pile of corruption and pollution first of all , the mine proposal have successfully passed every environmental study and every environmental standard . 
  the anti-mining stooges of russia just pretend at environmental concerns regarding every greek and western investment -- those environmental concerns always magically disappear when it 's instead some russian gas pipeline that is pushed forwards . 
  no environmental concerns * ever * about russian or chinese investments . 
  no corruption investigations * ever * about russian or chinese investments . 
  as for the corruption , yes , but all the corruption comes from the greek state 's side . 
  the greek governments have since 2000 : forced ( canadian ) tvx to abandon the mines and sell them cheaply to ( russia-alligned oligarch ) bobolas . 
  then the current government party of syriza briefly pretended to be in favor of mining investment by letting an advertisement in support of it in its party newspaper of `` augi ' -- just so that bobolas could sell them expensively to another canadian company ` el dorado ' . 
  once el dorado bought the mines , the whole wave of terrorism began again , to force this western company to abandon the investment again . 
  miners ' childrens are forced out of school , miners ' families are threatened , miners themselves have been soaked with oil and threatened to be burned alive . 
  the miners demonstrations in support of the mines have to face the paramilitary battalions of the far-left/far-right alliance that oppose them . 
  and the current government * bashes * the police if it moves to protect the miners from such thuggery . 
  seriously examine , how everything ties together with the interests of russians and russian-aligned oligarchs . 
  ` bobolas ' is the name to know in regards to the case of the mines . 
  this is the same guy whose son recently got his millions-of-euros worth of tax-evasion forgiven ( he had to pay less than half of what he owed ) because of the law that the new syriza government passed in a hurry and which forgave debts to the state ( they presented this law as friendly to the public , but it was even friendlier to their government-aligned oligarchs . ), 
  the last referendum greece ever did was in 1974 , so it 's a bit absurd to label direct democracy the `` greek model '' when you 're referring to modern greece . 
   greece is the country that implemented the most reforms . 
  overtaxing the private sector just so they can keep feeding the lazy and corrupt public sector is not a `` reform '' . 
  selling off assets to the chinese and the russians is not a `` reform '' either . 
  greece has done no reforms to encourage private industry or competitiveness . 
  greece is going out of its way to * stop * all productive investment in greece , * especially * if western capital does the investment . 
  a noteworthy recent example is the sabotage of the goldmines in northern greece that a canadian company ( el dorado ) had invested in ( see http://www.mining.com/thousands-stand-up-for-canadian-mine-threatened-with-closure-in-greece/ ) . 
  the greek economy wo n't recover until the greek people realize who is deliberately trashing greece 's economy ( hint , hint : it 's the greek governments ) . 
  the reason that countries like portugal and ireland recovered is because the governments of those countries are n't puppets of russia . 
   the people ? 
  god , no . 
  many countries had referendums before joining the eu : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/referendums_related_to_the_european_union ( the ` no ' result in norway , is why norway is still not a member of the eu ), 
  when i say `` normal relations '' i mean the sort of peaceful coexistence that most countries have with each other and with their neighbors . 
  admittedly the `` normal '' for russia is something altogether different , as it treats the complete domination over its neighbors as the norm . 
  but if that 's the norm , then why should any non-russian want ` normalisation ' ? 
  current greek government is * very * obviously and very vocally russia 's puppet , but the reality of the matter is that greek governments have been russia 's puppets ( somewhat more covertly ) for several years now . 
  see the 2007 publication ( http://www.ecfr.eu/publications/summary/a_power_audit_of_eu_russia_relations ) which already listed greece and cyprus as being the two ` trojan horses ' of russia inside the eu . 
  it is the ukrainian people 's choice , and yes , i , for one , would prefer the risk of war than turning our back to them and the ignonimity of abandoning them in their hour of choice . 
  if we do not stand to defend ukraine 's independence , why would we defend any other country 's independence ? 
  why would we defend other non-nato countries like finland or sweden ? 
  indeed if we do n't believe that the independence of nations is something worth protecting , what 's the point of nato in the first place ? 
  ukraine is n't yet in nato , so it 's not * legally * our obligation to defend its independence , and we 're not legally obliged to accept it into nato either . 
  but i 'd call it a moral obligation nonetheless . 
   there is basically no chance of normalisation with russia if ukraine is in nato . 
  russia understandably wants some buffer between them and nato .
