  the greek state could also have chosen to tax the orthodox church instead . 
  there are lots of ways that the greek government ( both this one and previous ones ) could boost growth without further hurt to low-income folk -- if it had wanted to . 
  but why would it want to ? 
  what does syriza have to lose by hurting the greek population and blaming everything on the europeans ? 
  that 's a rhetorical technique i 've seen used by certain leftists to present themselves as pro-european , while at the same time opposing any * actual * possible implementation of any european union . 
  in practice it 's the exact same as being anti-european , but with a smokescreen . 
  i 'm trying to verify this through a rereading of the greek constitution , i may have been misinformed about the time-requirements . 
  we 're being asked to vote on a specific deal that has just come to the table . 
  i 've not yet even read it , few people have . 
  there 's no time for a significant public debate . 
  the people in the government whose job it is to determine whether it 's a good deal or a bad deal , have passed responsibility to the citizens and not given them the necessary time to decide . 
  even if tsipras says it 's not about a fiscal issue ( which would be anti-constitutional to vote on ) but about a ` national ' issue , the greek constitution ~ ~ demands at minimum a month between the announcement of the referendum and the referendum itself . ~ ~ edit : i 'm not yet certain about the last statement i made , and am trying to verify it . 
  i may have confused a minimum of a month with a maximum of a month . 
  gon na do some more reading . 
  registries of eligible voters already and constantly exist , why do n't they exist in your country ? 
  so being 'em ployed by the greek state ' no longer counts as being public servants , just because they 're employed by the municipalities ? 
  it 's still money from greek people 's taxation that they receive , so for purposes of this discussion what 's the difference whether they 're employed by the municipalities or by the central government ? 
  the imf wants something that will make it believe it will get any future loans back before it gives those loans . 
  those evil creditors who are n't lending us money whenever they do n't expect to see it returned !, 
  where do you get your data ? 
  http://apografi.yap.gov.gr/apografi/2015/flows_2015.htm indicates 573.958 regular employees + another 65.355 temporary employees the number of 1 million was right for 2009 , as you can see at http://apografi.yap.gov.gr/apografi/2013/flows_2009_2013.htm, 
  hardly . 
  the imf had been saying `` no more tax-increases , do spending cuts '' , the greeks gave a program where 92 % of the measures were tax-increases . 
  http://www.mnec.gr/sites/default/files/financial_files/mhniaio_deltio_genikhs_kybernhshs_4_2015_f.pdf from the greek ministry of economy . 
  report for the month of april ( published early june ) - overdue debts of the greek public sector ( page 30 ) : dec 2014 : 3.024 billions apr 2015 : 4.132 bililons so in just 4 months , the overdue debts to private persons has increased by more than a billion euros . 
  we 're now in june , so i expect it 's now gone even higher . 
  edit : here 's the english pdf version : http://www.mnec.gr/sites/default/files/financial_files/general%20government%20monthly%20bulletin%20april%202015_f.pdf, 
  an illusion . 
  to get those numbers for its `` primary suprluses '' the greek state has started indefinitely `` delaying '' payments it owes to private companies . 
  i also do n't know whether/how the reserves of municipalities/public companies that the greek state has been using up are counted . 
  fact : the greek neonazi party is the 3rd largest political party in the greek parliament . 
  fact : a leading antisemite like konstantinos plevris who criticized adolf hitler for being too * soft * on jews , was a leading figure of a party ( laos - popular orthodox rally ) that later joined the government coalition if greece is n't the most antisemitic country in europe , then which is ? 
   to claim we are the most antesemetic country on europe goes too far . 
  if we 're not the most antisemitic country in europe , which european country would you say is more antisemitic than ours ? 
  i remind you that the neonazi party of greece is the 3rd biggest party in the parliament . 
   those three people died because the bank ordered them to stay capitalist thugs : if you strike , we 'll fire you . 
  leftist thugs : if you do n't strike , we 'll set you on fire . 
  such solidarity for the oppressed workers !, 
  such marvellous leftist spirit !, 
  and of course it 's the capitalists ' fault , if they had n't been oppressing their employees , the brave revolutionaries would n't have to teach them a lesson to the oppressed employees that getting on the bad graces of leftists can cost you your life , while getting on the bad graces of capitalists can only cost you your job ... 
  eighteen other countries in the eurozone are n't in the ` situation greece is in ' . 
  this shows that the problem is n't with the euro or the eu , it 's with greece . 
  peace , prosperity , a bunch of freedoms for its citizens . 
  to poor countries it has provided tons of assistance to help build their infrastracture . 
  if you begin with the false assumption that it has benefitted noone , then obviously you wo n't get why people support it . 
  no , that 's bullshit . 
   antagonizing russia in the early 2000 's is what brought us to this point in the first place . 
  appeasing russia and tolerating its aggression is what brought us to this point . 
  before ` the early 2000s ' russia already had a bunch of aggressions and other crimes under its belt : e.g. 
  transnistria and abkhazia happened in the early 1990s . 
  second chechen war in the late 1990s . 
  so you 're asked about your claim about the eu funding fascists , and you respond with an article concerning the usa funding non-fascists . 
  `` you have to be total idiot not to understand who started the war in ukraine and why . '', 
  indeed , putin did , and you indeed have to be a total idiot to not understand that . 
   really , nato is basically the military arm of the eu no , it 's really not . 
   trust me , the greeks are turning to russia out of desperation , not out of some respect for russian culture the sequence of events is n't like that . 
  ecfr already from 2007 ( before the years of ` desperation ' ) had described greece as acting like russia 's ` trojan horse ' inside the eu , `` whose governments often defend positions close to russian interests , and who have been willing to veto common eu positions '' http://www.ecfr.eu/publications/summary/a_power_audit_of_eu_russia_relations, 
   what you are referring to is a constitutional right to family life . 
  this does not need to be recognized by people and is a right that can not be taken away . 
  the constitution is written by people . 
  if a right is not recognized by people , then which people , not recognizing the right , not believing the right exists , will be able to defend other people against violations of that right ? 
   what you further said points out that you dont know how the judicial system works . 
  i certainly do n't know how the judicial system works in ireland , but i thought we were having a more general discussion , not one specific to ireland . 
   you are setting up a dangerous precedent of transforming constitutionally guaranteed rights into rights that are subject to popular will . 
  can you imagine what that means in cases and countries where the majority does not agree with a minority ? 
  can you imagine how minority rights would be in some countries if you make them subject to popular will can you quit it with the drama , pretty please ? 
  i can understand pretty well what happens to minority rights in some countries , because unfortunately they 're always subject in practice to popular will . 
  what you 're talking about is that there are sometimes more progressive institutions that defend those minority rights against the popular will . 
  and what you keep forgetting is that this does n't always happen , and sometimes those institutions are * more * reactionary than the public will . 
  all you 're doing is putting your trust on the judiciary against the majority of the citizenry , but nothing makes the judiciary * automatically * more enlightened or progressive than the citizenry . 
  in occasion it 's so . 
  in other occasions it 's the other way around . 
   by following your reasoning there is absolutely nothing wrong with russia 's policy on gay marriage , or uganda 's , or any of the states that sometimes have death sentences , as they are all constitutional rights subject to popular will . 
  neither is there any issues with women 's rights in islamic states . 
  lol , what ? 
  no , that 's * your * argument . 
  my argument is that you need stop worshipping the judiciary as somehow making more enlightened decisions . 
  first of all : all countries you mentioned , none of them had popular referendums on the issue , these decisions were all taken by the courts or the legislature . 
  so much for the ills of popular referendums secondly it 's me who keeps saying that what is * morally right or wrong * is different from the procedure by which it is acknowledged . 
  russia is wrong to oppress gay people . 
  all these countries you mentioned are wrong to oppress gay people . 
  i 'm capable of making that statement because i do n't confuse the two different definitions and therefore i can say that these can countries are wrong to not recognize the rights of gay people . 
  and they 'd be wrong to not recognize the rights of gay people , regardless of whether that failure to recognize came from popular will , or from judicial judgment , or from an act of legislature . 
  the popular will may do evil . 
  legislatures may do evil . 
  judges may do evil too . 
  what 's so hard to understand here ? 
   they are not given or taken away by popular vote . 
  look , you 're mixing up two different concepts , ` right ' in the sense of ` what * should * be allowed ' , and ` right ' in the sense of what is recognized as such by the state . 
  yes , same-sex marriage should be allowed -- in that sense it 's a ` right ' already , and nobody at all , neither popular vote nor judicial decision can change that fact . 
  but in the second sense , that right still needs be recognized by * people * as such . 
  and whether by popular vote , or by judicial or legislative vote , it 's still people ` giving it or taking it away ' . 
   the principle of voting for human rights is there , so by adopting the same logic , then this referendum might just as well about voting on whether to kill someone . 
  if 51 % of a nation really believe they should be allowed to e.g. 
  kill minorities , it 's even easier to find judges enough to fill a court that will allow them to kill minorities . 
  human beings deciding the law are * all we have * . 
  whether in the judicial , the legislative or the executive branch , or by direct referendum , these are human beings who will decide on whether same-sex marriage should be recognized or not , and human beings who will secure this right . 
   interpretation is done by a court , which is to be impartial and strictly apply the law . 
  once we have the ability to create a court filled with artificial intelligences that 'd make sense . 
  as an alternative to popular votes -- and it 'd also be an argument for changing democracy to an ai-cracy altogether .
