  we 're certain that nemtsov was assassinated by * someone * , because nemtsov was , like , shot dead . 
  in the case of karamanlis we just have fsb 's word that there was even a ploy for his assassination in the first place . 
  i 'm completely serious , and greece was perfectly in a position to better its own situation regardless of austerity . 
  it 's not the europeans that made us keep on not taxing the vast land estates of the church , or that kept blocking billions worth of investments ( e.g. 
  ellinikon investment , asteras investment , patroklos investment ) . 
  it 's not the `` austerity '' that keeps greece in the position of 40 out of 43 in europe where free economies are concerned , only russia , belarus and ukraine being below it . 
   do you still believe that it 's all greece 's problem ? 
  yes . 
   that we should have surrendered 5 months ago and be under the german flag forever ? 
  i think that if you see it in terms of surrender you should have definitely said `` no '' , but somehow you 're still here begging for german money , and bashing germany because * germany * refuses to give that money . 
  so it 's you who wants to be `` under the german flag '' it seems , and it 's germany that wants you to be independent with a grexit . 
   a flag does n't make it more or less european dude . 
  keep babbling your empty rhetoric and your oh-so-wise sayings , but you know it as well as i do that syriza and anel are * anti-european * and pro-moscow . 
  you ca n't fucking deny it if you 're a tiny bit honest . 
   and guess who 's responsible for that ? 
  ooh , let me guess was n't it tsipras that was getting cozy with putin while putin was threatening all of his neighbours , including the european countries of the baltics ? 
  so much for unity , when tsipras was the one who keeps violating european solidarity and supporting russian aggression . 
  yes , i say `` grexit now '' also , but from the opposite perspective . 
  we 've bothered the europeans long enough , we 've treated them dishonestly when they 've treated us better than we deserved , and it 's time we left them the fuck alone . 
  i do n't know if you 're being funny or not , but i 'm a private employee , i 'm not in a position to do tax fraud even if i wanted to since my taxes are automatically deducted from my salary . 
  and i have no debts . 
  i have deposits in greek banks that will become toilet paper with a grexit , but i nonetheless say grexit now , rather than keep allowing this government of crooks to keep fooling the rest of eurozone . 
  the fucking is far worse with russia . 
   the biggest mistake is the fact that they wanted to change the europe . 
  tsipras is a puppet of putin , and the way he wants to `` change europe '' is that he wants to cause divisions in it so as to make it more easily subjugated to putin . 
  your current rhetoric is all part and parcel of that , it 's not longer about the bad `` lenders '' as a whole , it 's about the bad `` germans '' and their stooges , eh ? 
  a true pro-european does n't ally with fascists , does n't support russian imperialism against other european nations , and does n't treat supporters of europe as `` fifth columnists '' . 
  i somehow failed to notice * any * european flags on all those `` no '' rallies by this supposedly pro-european visionary government , is n't that funny ? 
   if europe says no to greece , than i will say no !, 
  to europe . 
   i suspect i wo n't be alone in thinking this , europe 's future will be decided by greece said `` no '' to europe , i know this because i was saying `` yes '' to europe and was being called a traitor , a fifth-columnist and a collaborator of the enemy for it . 
  so if europe says `` yes '' to this vile government that treats as traitors anyone who said `` yes '' to europe , what the fuck message are you sending ? 
  grexit , now . 
  the people said `` no '' to austerity measures . 
  what the current greek government is doing is nothing but a ploy in the service of its masters in the kremlin , a ploy to divide europe . 
  and it 's succeeding . 
  oh , and the greek government cared about solidarity when its stooges called us supporters of a `` yes '' vote to be collaborators of the enemy and fifth-columnists , and then they turn around and become `` yes '' people too , without a word of apology towards all the greek citizens they insulted ? 
  they 're now pulling a vile charade , and if eurozone wants to survive at all they need completely expel greece from its midst like a venomous viper , and closely investigate its reasons for its actions up to this point . 
  i supported yes , but `` no '' came out , and `` no '' must be respected as the will of the people . 
  everyone should support grexit rather than this package of measures , even if the greek government now says otherwise . 
  you said no to the policy of austerity but you 're bashing germany because it 's now saying `` no '' when tsipras promises the same austerity and worse . 
  should n't you be happy that the plan is getting rejected ? 
  should n't you be seeing germany as an ally and tsipras as a foe , if germany is the one now siding with the no , and tsipras is siding with the yes ? 
  frankly you are just a bunch of lapdogs that do whatever tsipras tells you to do , you parrot whatever he tells you to parrot , you bash whatever countries he tells you to bash , and you do n't even notice when he does a 180 turn , or when you get self-contradictory . 
  you voted tsipras because he told you there 'd be no 3rd package and he would tear up the 2nd one . 
  and you did n't react when he lied sbout that . 
  then you voted no just because tsipras told you too , supposedly so he could sign a better package in 48 hours . 
  there was no such package , and the only alternate measures he proposed were harsher than the ones the referendum rejected . 
  and you did n't react when his lies were revealed about that one too . 
  all tsipras has ever done is lie and lie again and use the whole of greece 's economy as a suicide bomber , killing greece just to injure the enemy which is europe , creating divisions in it . 
  the whole focus on `` bad '' germany is part and parcel of that ploy . 
  make it completely impossible for germany to support us by constant insults and by being all around unteliable , then have it blamed for not supporting or trusting us . 
   and you are 100 % sure because ? 
  sure about what ? 
  i 'm 100 % sure that fsb is the one who is claiming america and israel planned the assassination of karamanlis . 
  that 's the story . 
  that 's what the article and all the sources say -- that this is what the fsb claimed . 
  the assassination plot was ` revealed ' by the fsb , and we just have their word to go on . 
  no , i ca n't be sure that the fsb is lying . 
  i 'm sure that occassionally even professional liars tell the truth , those times that the truth is convenient for them . 
  but neither do i have the slightest reason to believe that the fsb is telling the truth . 
  so why did * you * treat the fsb 's claims as fact ? 
  why did n't you put the `` fsb claims '' before your sentence about our prime minister 's supposed attempted assassination ? 
   when has russia attacked or invaded a eu country ? 
  well , yeah , that 's why it hates the eu , because it can only attack and invade countries that are not part of the eu . 
  so the expansion of the eu seriously limits its capacity to attack and invade countries . 
   they should n't attack these countries , but to say they are an enemy of the eu is stupid . 
  to say they 're not an enemy of the eu is stupid . 
  in the european continent , brussels is its opposite pole where european politics is concerned . 
  you 'll find that political parties that hate the eu all somehow mysteriously love russia for some reason . 
  in greece , the four ` anti-memorandum parties ' of the far-left ( syriza , communist party ) and the far-right ( anel , golden dawn ) all love russia , and all despise the eu . 
  it 's true that russia * claimed * america wanted to assassinate karamanlis , definitely . 
  and if you ca n't trust russia to be honest who can you trust , right ? 
  edit : am i being downvoted for telling people to notice that we only have the word of the russian fsb that this supposed assassination plot by americans and israelis was ` true ' ? 
   so greece is meant to be ethnically cleansed well , it * was * almost thoroughly ethnically cleansed during the time of its formation and the century afterwards ( and a similar ethnic cleansing occured in turkey against the greeks ) , so i ca n't say that you have much of an argument there . 
   why is greece called greece ? 
  is it only meant for greek people ? 
  yes , greece was indeed only `` meant '' ( in the sense of ` originally designed ' ) only for greek people . 
  or to put it differently `` greeks '' was the label given to the people the country was meant for , namely the christian populations of the hellenic peninsula ( whether arvanites , romioi or vlachs in ethnic origin ) as opposed to the muslim populations which were evicted from it . 
  so no , definitely you ca n't argue that greece was originally meant to be a multiethnic state , unless the ethnicities in question are the arvanites , romioi or vlachs which ended up forming the ` greek ' nation much like croats , serb , slovenes , etc formed the `` yugoslav '' nation . 
  but not quite that either really , because yugoslavia recognized the different ethnicities and greece melded them into one . 
  if arvanites had sought to split off greece and said they want to form `` arvania '' ( or something similar ;-) you would n't be able to call that one a country designed to be multiethnic either . 
  are you seriously not even going to trying to excuse why the republic that was supposedly meant to be ` multi-ethnic ' chose the name ` serb republic ' for itself ? 
  also i 've not been able to find with a brief search the * original * constitution of the serb republic , as written in 1992 , only the one with the amendment . 
  do you know of a link to the original document somehow ? 
   even if you are right , and rs was not meant to be multi ethnic republic , it is now . 
  so , please explain is it that the republic would n't exist without war crimes . 
  without ethnic cleansing the population of the region would be very different , and the `` serb republic '' would n't be anywhere near the shape that it is , or even be in any contiguous or near-contiguous shape at all . 
  or it 'd have so drastically different demographics that it 'd not be the thing that it is now at all . 
  it 'd be like an attempt to make a nation out of all atheists or starwars fans in europe or something . 
  it 's not as if we 're geographically concentrated in one area so that an `` atheist republic '' or a `` jedi republic can easily split off . 
  so something would have be done about those non-atheists and non-starwars fans . 
  are you just trolling here ? 
  it was never meant to be one by its creators , it 's right there in the name ` serb republic ' . 
   can you explain why rs would n't exist if the war crimes did n't happen ? 
  because here 's a map of the ethnic distribution before the war : http://geocurrentscommunity.blogspot.gr/2010/12/bosnia-jolies-new-movie-rape-and-legacy.html without ethnic cleansing , the serbs have their population be a local majority in six disconnected areas . 
  even if they formed a country in those six areas , the relative proportion of croats & bosniaks would be large enough that it 'd be a multiethnic country not a country for the ` serbs ' . 
  so ethnic cleansing ( the forceful removal of different populations ) was a necessity for rs . 
  at its best this was done via mere ` displacement ' and the making of hundred thousands of refugees . 
  at its worst it was via mass murder .
