golden dawn is a neonazi party , very very clearly . 
  you do n't seem to understand how responsibility works . 
  primacy of responsibility comes to the most immediate cause , then we can works backwards to find the historical reasons . 
  what caused the refugee crisis is primarily isis , so they 're * first * to blame . 
  what caused isis is primarily the iraq war , where america was the prime cause of it , so america is * second * to blame . 
  how many steps backwards would we have to go to find the time , nearly a century ago , after the 1st world war , when the ottoman empire was ` redrawn ' by the europeans , and thus some of the responsibility for the current crisis falls unto them ? 
  and by `` them '' we do n't mean the current europeans , but europeans a century past ? 
  so much for current europeans being to blame for the refugee crisis . 
  the fact they did n't object strongly enough to the iraq war gives them a much bigger share of the responsibility actually , than what some ancestors of theirs did a hundred years ago . 
  except that the eu did nothing wrong by offering the eu association agreement to ukraine , while america invaded iraq ( which was wrong ) . 
  treating voluntary unions like the eu and nato and voluntary agreements like the eu association agreement as being the same as military invasion and conquest , is what russia ( being a hitleric imperialist country ) does , because all russia ever sees is the ` spheres ' it allows to dominate and never respects the independence of other countries . 
   crimea voted to be part of russia it 's cute how crimea voted to secede in order to join a nation where secession is n't allowed . 
  so what is it ? 
  should secession be allowed if a region votes for it or not ? 
  because russian law very clearly says `` not '' , so can you russia-loving fuckers even pretend to not be hypocrites here ? 
   the donbass has always been full of russians and they were being subjugated , russia was perfectly fine having donbass and crimea be part in ukraine , when it could use ethnic russian votes to put its own puppets in control of all of ukraine , but when those votes were no longer * sufficient * to maintain control over all of ukraine , it went onto the stage of military invasion and annexation instead . 
  in short , fuck your fucking hypocrisy . 
  spoken like a true nazi pig . 
  whoever has the might to occupy a neighbouring nation has the right to occupy it , then ? 
  by the power of their occupation they prove to be the ubermenschen and the occupied nation is the untermenschen ? 
  and all honest democrats stand against vile nazi imperialist pigs like yourself and putin . 
   its russian troops defending the russian ethnic minority in ukraine . 
  just like hitler `` defended '' the german ethnic minority in czechoslovakia , ai n't that right ? 
  the problem that you nazis have is that western democrats have n't completely forgotten how adolf hitler started , and that those of us are honest and true to our ideas are n't so eager to surrender ukraine to putin , just as the west had shamefully surrendered czechoslovakia to hitler . 
  that you think the world should be divided in `` spheres '' and that russia owns a sphere of nations marks you as a vile fucking imperialist . 
  it 's ukraine and ukraine alone that has the right to decide with whom it is to make alliances , and no fucking hitleric imperialist like yourself has the right to tell us not to support ukraine in that right . 
   so you are denying the experience of my family being prosecuted by the soviet union ? 
  and nobody who was both * honest * and * sane * could possibly think i ever denied such . 
  i 'm therefore denying either your honesty or sanity , one of those two things . 
  and i 'm denying nothing else . 
  so you do n't want greece to move to a new currency by itself , and you do n't want the europeans to help financially support greece 's move to a new currency , and ( i assume ) you do n't want the europeans to just evict greece from the euro -- and yet at the same time you 're saying greece being in the euro is the source of its problems , and greece needs to have control of its money . 
  so what * exactly * do you want the europeans to do that would be fair to greece , according to you ? 
  you 're welcome , you troll . 
  the world is ( surprisingly ) larger than your family , and you should be informed about the many people who use the term ` reactionary ' without being communists or worshippers of the soviet union . 
  if your family does n't have personal experience of such people , then ( once again ! ), 
  surprise , the world is bigger than your family . 
  there even exist * self-proclaimed * reactionaries , if you did n't know that either . 
   from what i know this term is exclusively used by far left wing ideologues who worship the soviet union and communism in general no , it 's not . 
  as has been recently revealed , the europeans were quite willing to help greece move back to its own currency , if the greek government wanted to do so . 
  in fact the greek government bluffed with a threat to leave the euro , only to get a shrug and `` sure , we 'll even help you with that '' . 
  then it was the greek government that backed away from the plan . 
  so again : not the rest of the europeans who are to blame , if greece not controlling its own currency is the problem here . 
  the `` referendum '' , as you saw , did n't actually have anything to do with democracy , since the very government who announced it felt quite comfortable completely disregarding its results . 
  the referendum had nothing to do with democracy ( except perhaps as an attempt to destroy it ) and it was just a pr stunt which cost greece dozens of * billions * ( with a ` b ' ) . 
  in modern greek , delta '' \u03b4 '' is pronounced as `` th '' in `` this '' , while theta '' \u03b8 '' is pronounced as `` th '' in `` thin '' . 
  the `` d '' sound in english , in modern greek is written with the combination '' \u03bd\u03c4 '' . 
  i think that `` recognizing '' is shorthand for `` recognizing as legitimate '' which is if anything is a sign of maturity -- knowing that what * is * and what * should be * are two different things . 
  yes , that 's the rhetoric that the stooges of the kremlin use in order to blame the countries that defend against russia 's aggression for russia 's aggression . 
   ooooh i do n't know , privatizing in fire-sale prices and opaquely having russian firms ( state or otherwise ) win the bidding implying collusion ? 
  offering geopolitical and strategic incentives , such as use of ports ? 
  to be done : http://greece.greekreporter.com/2015/05/21/russian-railways-still-interested-in-acquiring-privatized-greek-companies/  openly stating that russia is in the right in the whole ukraine situation and condemning only ukrainian actions ? 
  close enough : http://www.syriza.gr/article/id/55098/statement-of-the-political-secretariat-of-syriza-on-the-issue-of-ukraine.html#.vb9it_mqpbc  explicitly endorsing russian social policies and diplomatic moves ? 
  hard to do themselves in regards to social policies about e.g. 
  gay people as syriza needs to pretend to be progressive . 
  what they can do is completely fail to criticize russia in regards to this . 
   well none of the above seem to me like the actions of someone in russia 's pocket , but the actions of someone that is trying to get any allies and/or leverage possible after falling out with the ez . 
  so can you give me a few examples of what exactly would have been the actions of someone in russia 's pocket ? 
  you 're confusing further sanctions with extension of existing sanctions . 
  look at the statement of the greek ministry regarding the sanctions , and how * hard * it fought to oppose further extensions , how desperately it tries to express that it fought hard to oppose further sanctions against russia , and that blocking such further sanctions ( and limiting the extension of the current sanctions ) was the very best it could do . 
  http://www.mfa.gr/en/current-affairs/top-story/initial-statement-of-foreign-minister-kotzias-to-foreign-and-greek-correspondents-following-the-eu-foreign-affairs-councils-extraordinary-meeting-on-ukraine-brussels-29-january-2015.html some quotes : `` the main thing we wanted to be removed , and for which we fought for two hours -- half of the time we were in the council was spent on this issue -- was the proposal for new sanctions . 
  this was certainly a difficult negotiation . '', 
  `` the phrase providing for the new sanctions on russia was removed . '', 
  `` in this sense , we called upon the present council not to move ahead to new sanctions against russia . '', 
  `` what is provided for is the extension of the sanctions that have been imposed in the past , which , however , rather than being extended to the end of the year , will be reconsidered in september . '', 
  `` it was also agreed for the council to explore and think about new lists . 
  this will probably be discussed at the council 's next meeting . 
  but these lists are subject to approval and ratification by each country , and we would not like to see the inclusion of persons we will not accept . '', 
  in all of this statement , frankly , you can see the desperate attempts of a pathetic servant to convince his russian masters , that yes , greece did not betray russia by agreeing to the extension , that it worked its hardest to stop even heavier sanctions , that in all the negotiations they still have the best interests of russia at heart . 
  and here 's how the greek threat of a veto was cancelled out by another country 's threat of a veto in the opposite direction : `` in this sense , we called upon the present council not to move ahead to new sanctions against russia . 
  i must mention to you that there was a country that moved to veto , but it was not greece , as the international press had expected . 
  this veto was put forward because a phrase was to be removed -- and we had debated for an hour and a half on this issue . 
  the greek delegation explained clearly that this phrase would be removed -- otherwise our work would not be able to move ahead . 
  this country was isolated and , in the end , creatively , agreed to a text that does not provide for heavy sanctions or new sanctions against russia . 
  what is provided for is the extension of the sanctions that have been imposed in the past , which , however , rather than being extended to the end of the year , will be reconsidered in september . '', 
   shit , the french are selling russia warships , are they traitors to the eu and in putin 's pocket for doing so ? 
  look at http://www.ecfr.eu/publications/summary/a_power_audit_of_eu_russia_relations countries like france , germany , italy , spain , are categorized as `` strategic partners - whose governments have built special bilateral relationships with russia , which has sometimes cut against the grain of common eu objectives in areas such as energy and the eu neighbourhood policy '' greece and cyprus was categorized under a new category altogether - `` trojan horses '' of russia . 
  and that was already in 2007 , not in 2015 with the much more blatantly russophilic syriza administration . 
  basically , it 's a different thing when a country does some things which are in russia 's interests when and only when it has a clear benefit to do so , and when a country does almost * everything * in russia 's interests . 
  france ( and germany and other countries ) have been capitalist opportunists . 
  greece has been something worse . 
   greece is staying in the good graces of europe , not putin . 
  greece is rightfully * despised * and seen with contempt by europe , as greece is wasting europe 's loaned money and insulting the europeans on top of that . 
  greece is liked by russia ( in the sense of greece being a loyal servant ) , as we 're always always voting in russia 's favor and always promoting russia 's interests to the best of greece 's abilities -- and they do n't even have to support greece in any way . 
   how the fuck do you logically explain to yourself that the wellbeing of greek people is being undermined in favour of the grace of putin . 
  since tsipras was happy to have the banks shut down and ruin whatever was left of the greek economy , just because such complete ruination of greece would be useful as a catalyst for the cause of `` sailing us to new harbours '' ( changing geopolitical orientation ) the logical reasoning is a bit obvious . 
   has syriza critisized belize yet ? 
  congrats for the intellectually dishonest argument that you yourself do n't believe in and which proves you to be spitworthy and contemptible . 
  it 's not with the embassy of belize that syriza keeps having its meetings , it 's not the capital of belize that syriza 's leaders keep on visiting to receive their instructions , it 's not the belizean institute for geopolitical studies that the whole leadership of syriza worked with , it 's not the chief fascist ideologue of beliza that syriza 's foreign minister invited for lectures , it 's not belize 's aggression against its neighbours that syriza supports , it 's not belize-connected oligarchs that are exploiting greece , it 's not belize-owned pipelines that syriza is giving permission to pass through greece , it 's not sanctions against belize that syriza opposed . 
  so fuck you , you vile rusophile pig !, 
  you may enjoy seeing greece ruled by stooges owned by kremlin ( why would n't you ? 
  ) , but honest greek patriots like myself are ashamed and furious that our government cares about staying in the good graces of putin more than it cares about either the greek people 's wellbeing or any universal ethical principle either . 
  fuck you again , you shameless asshole . 
  in my other comment i 've already answered it , plus asked clarifications about the distinction between `` direct '' and `` indirect '' . 
  are you having trouble finding me a single time where syriza has criticized russia on anything ? 
  hey , i 'm already waiting for people to find me a single time that syriza has criticized russia on * anything * , even once in its entire existence . 
  and by `` direct support '' you mean what , exactly ? 
  is voting against further sanctions on russia `` direct support '' or indirect ? 
  is putting all the blame on the west for the ukrainian crisis `` direct support '' on russia , or indirect one ? 
  is their voting in favour of the `` turkish stream '' construction , direct or indirect support ? 
  are all the votes in the european parliament where they vote against anything that criticizes russia , direct or indirect support ?
