  but if the majority of greeks believe the eurozone and the eu to be composed of enemies , then i would want greece to * leave * them , ( even if such beliefs are false ) , for the sake of both greece and the eu . 
  either a healthy marriage , or a clean divorce . 
  the dishonest greek government does n't want either . 
  it does n't actually want to state a question of clean separation ( about either the euro or the eu ) directly , and so it has instead posed a question whose consequence is utterly undiscernable . 
  the greek government claims that we 'll remain in the euro both with a yes and with a no vote !, 
   you should be angry at juncker for really , really not understanding this . 
  i do n't really care about juncker one way or another , and if anything i do n't think i like him very much . 
  i also do n't know whether he wants greece to remain in the eu and the euro , and so i don ' t know which side of the referendum he secretly supports . 
  either way my feelings for juncker personally are n't very relevant . 
  the referendum is n't about juncker . 
   pride has a role in politics . 
  whose pride ? 
  must i align my pride according to what the greek prime minister tells me i should be proud or humiliated about ? 
  what if i 'm proud to be a citizen of the european union , and ashamed to have my country allied with russia , do n't i have that right ? 
  people who speak about `` national pride '' always want to manipulate you to be proud or humiliated about whatever * they * want . 
   that 's simply not true . 
  yeah , it is . 
  their government-allies anel are right-wing fascists , and anti-semitic to boost . 
  the syriza party also opposed outlawing the neonazis of golden dawn and its foreign minister has invited the neonazis for the first time to the council of foreign policy . 
  their chairman of the parliament ( zoi konstantopoulou ) has been especially supportive of the neonazis , to the point that she received condemnation even from the communist party for that support , and received praise by the neonazis . 
   this has nothing to do with the referendum on sunday yeah , it does . 
  this is a referendum where ` no ' , according to the government . 
  means we are rejecting eeeevil europeans . 
  the government is too chickenshit to make a direct referendum about the geopolitical orientation of the country , but that 's the rhetoric , and that 's how they 'll use a no vote , to present the greek people as bravely rejecting the eeeeevil europe . 
  this is the same government that sucks up to russia and china . 
  as such , a yes vote , is a vote against their rhetoric , and in opposition to the geopolitical designs of the greek government to tie us up with russia and china . 
   by the way , pro-european is also nd . 
  you know , the guys that sidled up to golden dawn . 
  nd is a large party and after the end of the cold war is geopolitically split - it houses both pro-westerners neoliberals and pro-russian populists/nationalists -- this follows from how the once western-allied right-wing fascists became russia-allied after the end of the cold war . 
  and its last two leaders , who run greece into the ground ( and sidled up to golden dawn ) , karamanlis ( the second karamanlis ) and samaras , have been in the pro-russian camp , ( samaras pretends not to , but if one follows his personal history its pretty crystal clear ) and were elected to their positions after defeating pro-western candidates ( souflias and bakoyanni respectively ) . 
  these were the sort of `` pro-europeans '' who said `` we support europe , and we believe russia is a good partner of europe , and we also blame europe for everything bad that happens in greece '' . 
  samaras allowed the russian army to participate in greek national parades . 
  i do n't believe any greek pm ever did that for our official nato allies , and samaras did it for russia !, 
  perhaps the ` leftist ' government should start taxing the extremely rich greek orthodox church . 
  merely allowing some frozen investments to go forwards , like the investment in hellinikon , would have let greece need no further cuts in pensions . 
  but the leftist thugs of syriza oppose pretty much any investment that is n't directly supportive of kremlin 's interests and certain russia-aligned oligarchs like bobolas , kokkalis , kopelouzos , etc. 
  so it freezes and cancels all other investments , also delaying payments to the private sectors ( thus causing more business to go down ) , which in turns reduces sources of taxation , and causing a need for further austerity ( which austerity shall be blamed on the eu , of course ) . 
  greek misery is all very convenient for syriza , as for five years all the media have been taught to blame misery on the europeans , and syriza is wielding an anti-european line . 
  it was n't pro-european terrorist groups that were shooting people . 
  it was n't the pro-europeans of greece that burned people alive in marfin bank . 
  it was n't the pro-europeans of greece that poured oil on miners and threatened to set them afire , while bullying their children out of the schools , just because they want to stop the canadian investment on the goldmines of skouries . 
  it is n't the pro-europeans of greece that have been supporting russian aggression against all its neighbours . 
  it 's not the pro-europeans of greece who are the neonazi thugs of golden dawn . 
  it 's not the pro-europeans of greece who said that adolf hitler 's fault was that he was too * lenient * against the jews . 
  it 's not the pro-europeans of greece who endorsed and still endorse the serb genocide against the bosnians . 
  it 's not the pro-europeans who keep talking about the hangman 's nooses that are awaiting us ` traitors ' who have opposing opinions . 
  i 've seen the supporters of graves and the supporters of mass-murders , and you know what ? 
  ` coincidentally ' they all hate the european union , and they all love russia . 
  so fuck you too , buddy . 
  if you cared so much about greeks staying alive , perhaps you should learn on which side all the mass-murderers of greece happen to be . 
  the problems and the sins of the previous governments are all magnified by the current one . 
  this current government has n't been a reversal of the establishment that led us to this point , but rather a deepening of it . 
  - the previous governments tolerated fascists , the current government is in direct alliance with them . 
  - the previous government were covertly pro-russian ( e.g. 
  in 2007 vetoed european involvement in georgia ) , the current government is openly pro-russian ( openly sides with russia in the ukrainian crisis ) . 
  - the previous governments blamed all the austerity measures on the europeans , the current government not only blames the austerity measures on the europeans but presents them as an evil plot to subjugate and humiliate greece . 
  - the previous government hindered western investment and pushed forward russian and chinese ones . 
  the current government completely freezes western investments and immediately rushes to sign russian and chinese ones . 
  i 'll be one voting yes . 
  the government want to present ` no ' as a vote of proud resistance against the plans of the eeevil deceptive europeans who are trying to humiliate us . 
  since i believe that the europeans are n't evil , are n't trying to ` humiliate us ' and have been largely honest and honorable towards greece , and since i believe that it 's the greek government who are crooks and who are trying to deceive both the europeans and the greek people and trying to cause greeks to feel humiliated , my vote of yes is a statement against the greek government and in support of europe . 
  he 's been spewing pro-russia rhetoric since forever , it 's not a new thing . 
  his foreign minister even [ invited alexander dugin to talk to piraeus university ] ( http://www.4pt.su/en/content/international-politics-and-eurasianist-vision ) . 
  also read http://www.rferl.org/content/greek-syriza-deep-ties-russian-eurasianist-dugin/26818523.html, 
   they ca n't do both anymore because the eurozone and the imf refused to negotiate nonsense . 
  it 's the greek side that refused to negotiate and that in the past five months has been insulting the europeans as evil subjugators . 
  if they had * ever * been hoping for an honorable agreement , that would n't have been their rhetoric . 
  their rhetoric has from the start been such that a break of relationships between europeans and greeks would be blamed on the eeeevil europeans by the greeks . 
  even if the europeans completely surrendered to the greek government 's demands , the rhetoric was such that the greek government would use it as a sign of admission that everything wrong with the greek economy in the past ( or the future ) is a fault of the europeans . 
  all in all it implies that the greek government was never honest about what it was planning to do , and the reasons it was doing it . 
   so they ask greeks what they want to do . 
  that 's democracy . 
  if the question of the referendum was `` austerity or euro '' you 'd have a point , but the government is still pretending that both `` yes '' and `` no '' means we still remain in the euro , and that this has n't changed . 
  afterwards they 'll interpret the no vote that they 're hoping for in whatever way they best wish , as a carte blanche for whatever they decide afterwards . 
  while a yes vote to an proposal that 's no longer on the table ... will mean what exactly ? 
  your guess is as good as mine . 
  it 's easy to understand if you believe , like i do , that he 's in the pocket of the kremlin . 
  yeah , it 's how greeks usually write capital omega . 
   greece are exploiting the eu ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i do . 
   write off the debt and let them get on with it . 
  first of all , why ? 
  what obligation do other countries have to write off anything , given that they 've already written off 100 billions or so ? 
  it 's suddenly exploitation to expect debts to be repaid ? 
  secondly , writing off the debt does n't solve greece 's problems . 
  its surpluses are illusory . 
  greece needs to stop sabotaging its own production and its own industry . 
  it needs to start taxing the greek orthodox church like everyone else ( or more so ) . 
   do you really believe they just slammed the door , like this , because it sounded like fun ? 
  if you want my personal belief , i believe they slammed the door because the current government is completely in the pocket of putin . 
  but i do n't have proof for that , just my estimation given the thorough sucking up that they 're always doing towards putin to the point of never once having criticized the russian government on anything , and the thorough slandering that they do towards anything western , to the point of never supporting western governments on anything . 
  ( also other minor things like russian investments are being pushed forwards , and western investments being sabotaged , etc ), 
  yes , it 's greece 's fault for being in its current state . 
  i 'm greek , and i place the blame for the break down in negotiations on the greeks . 
  i have n't seen anything but the europeans treating us honestly , and the greek governments not doing the same in regards to the europeans . 
  especially but not solely the last government . 
  the greek populace is still being fed the lie that its economic woes have been the results of the memorandums , rather than the memorandums being a result of greece 's economic woes . 
  there are lots of investments that would provide relief to the greek people , but the greek governments have been sabotaging them and preventing them from moving forward ( e.g. 
  see ellinikon investment , etc ) .
