  capital controls ) . 
  we can also blame it for its role in covering up the crimes of the predecessor government ( syriza 's `` investigating committee '' deliberately excluded all the years of kostas karamanlis from its investigation , though his term in office was the one primarily responsible for the crisis that struck greece . 
  and similarly karamanlis did nothing when leftist thugs were burning down athens in 2008 ) . 
  tsipras of syriza and kostas karamanlis of nd love each other deeply , as these two chief destroyers of greece both mutually admire how much destruction each has brought upon the country while remaining personally untouched by anyone . 
  ( http://www.tovima.gr/en/article/?aid=763059 http://en.protothema.gr/karamanlis-tsipras-link-adds-fuel-to-the-fire-in-nd-leadership-race/ ) so really the lines of blame are n't as clear-cut as * party * - lines . 
  the liberal wing of nd has n't been in power since 1994 , instead nd had the populist kostas karamanlis , which sidelined the liberals and then helped installed fellow populist destroyer samaras as his successor ( nationalist ` hero ' who as a minister caused the overthrow of the nd government in 1994 because they were more compromising with fyr macedonia in regards to the name that he wanted ) . 
  the modern syriza on the other hand is effectively the successor of 1980 's pasok of andreas papandreou , which like syriza got power by insulting europe , and then proceeded to remain in europe because that 's a useful position to be in if you want to take europe 's money and waste it . 
  the most sickly bits of pasok ( the parasitic nepotistic bureaucrats , masking their deep corruption behind a thin smokescreen of supposed social justice ) have migrated to syriza . 
  that 's why andreas papandreou is another name you 'll never hear the people of syriza blaming for anything . 
  `` while the bill is highly unpopular in greece '' not to my knowledge . 
  an opinion poll i 've read indicates 55.5 % of the population in favor , with only 31.5 % against . 
  and with greece having top bishops like this , you now know why 7 % of the greek population votes for the nazi party . 
  nobody said that democracy does n't cause tyranny , it 's just that democracy causes less tyranny than any alternative we know . 
  `` democracy is n't just about majority rule , minorities are supposed to be protected from the tyranny of the majority as well . '', 
  it would n't be a true democracy if the minorities were being killed or expelled or even if a minority opinion was legally forbidden from being expressed , because that 's a `` democracy '' that would forbid itself from changing laws when opinions changed , because the opinions themselves would be forbidden of being changed . 
  refusing legal recognition to same-sex marriage is n't oppression enough however to argue that it 's no longer a democracy . 
  every democratic decision can be seen as wrong and oppressive by some , and some democratic decisions are * correctly * perceived as wrong and oppressive , that does n't make them less democratic . 
  `` just because the majority of the population believes something it does n't mean that it is correct or right . '', 
  no , of course it does n't . 
  the majority of the population is often wrong , e.g. 
  whenever they vote the party i did n't vote for into government ( which is almost always in my case ) . 
  nobody said that democratically taken decisions are always right , and nobody said that democracy never oppresses anyone . 
  it 's just better than any alternatives we know of . 
  that 's not really how it works . 
  if i owe you money , and before even the debt is due you come steal my car , then refusing to pay you back any money before you return the car does n't actually legitimize the theft . 
  `` would n't it be convenient for greece if they could declare their government corrupt and have the debts wiped ? '', 
  the problem is not declaring them wiped , the problem is the lost credibility and finding anyone else willing to lend us money afterwards . 
  so the issue is `` convincing the rest of the world that the debts should get wiped '' . 
  i think the rest of the world can easily accept ukraine refusing to pay russia ( given russia 's crimes against ukraine ) . 
  greece refusing to pay europe however ( when europe has always treated greece more than fairly ) means that it loses all credibility and would be utterly incapable of finding new people or countries to be lent money . 
   i am simply stating that the point of casting your vote is getting who you think is best in charge , not to prevent whom others think should be in charge from winning . 
  says who ? 
  why is it more democratic to vote in favour of someone rather than against someone else ? 
  it would be just as perfectly in the spirit of democracy to be deciding * worst * candidates , to be excluded one by one , until one remained . 
  except that yeltsin birthed putin , putin was yeltsin 's hand-picked successor , ( it 's not as if putin was yeltsin 's political enemy or even known independently at all until yeltsin picked him ) so your description is highly flawed . 
  would n't an `` optimal for everyone else '' leader also choose a similarly `` optimal '' successor ? 
  in reality both yeltsin and putin ( and putin is more competent than yeltsin , as yeltsin was an alcoholic ) had different tactics but the same ideology -- russian imperialism . 
  putin supported separatists in ukraine , yeltsin supported separatists in moldova . 
   i do n't have to take the fantasy of german propaganda either . 
  the current greek government is the complete puppet of moscow . 
  it has vocally supported moscow in regards to ukraine , it has been * proud * to argue that it has opposed sanctions against moscow , it is * constantly * bashing the europeans and neither their party nor their coalition partners have ever uttered a single word of condemnation against russia about * any * issue whatsoever in all the years of their existence as a party . 
  ( when they constantly bash the eu and america instead ) . 
  its current foreign minister kotzias has been a supporter of the communist dictatorship in poland , and invited neofascist alexander dugin for lectures in the university of piraeus . 
  i suggest you read up on http://www.rferl.org/content/greek-syriza-deep-ties-russian-eurasianist-dugin/26818523.html, 
  this is literally the first good thing that this government has ever done in the last 11 months on any front whatsoever . 
  of course it 's probably just doing it to establish some fake progressive credentials with actual progressives in the rest of the eu ( and greece itself ) , but it 's good news nonetheless . 
  a mere * association agreement * with the eu was cause enough for russia to declare that it would no longer guarantee ukraine 's existence as a state -- a threat that one year later it would fulfill . 
  later they would try to pretend it was about nato encroachment or the overthrow of yanukovich or whatever , but it was the mere eu association agreement ( not even eu membership ) that provoked them in this manner , as revealed by their stated threats in 2013 -- everything else was just pretexts . 
  on my part i would urge the eu to be careful before admitting another potential russian trojan horse inside the eu . 
  the trojan horse of russia called `` greece '' has caused problems enough . 
  one thing this would mean is a complete halt to immigration , because otherwise a country can peacefully send people to a foreign region , hold a referendum , annex it , have them proceed to the next region ... ( hundreds of exclaves of the islamic state across europe , as immigrants deliberately sent by the islamic state proclaim the self-determination of the neighborhoods they live in , is n't that nice ? ), 
  and of course that other country will not be following the principles of self-determination , once you 're in it , you 're in it forever . 
   let the people decide for themselves , hold a referendum , ukraine or russia , and put an end to the conflict . 
  yeah , you 'll sure achieve peace in our times , mr chamberlain , if you just betray czechoslovakia and hand over sudetenland to hitler . 
  the people of sudetenland want to join up with hitler after all . 
  we should definitely follow the principle of ` self-determination ' and let the sudetenlanders determine which country to join up with , as stated in point 1 of the nazi manifesto after all . 
  look here . 
  democracy works when it 's a * shared * principle , not when a fucking fascist imperialist uses it as a mere excuse to conquer neighboring territories , while keeping their own regions enslaved and imprisoned . 
  since russia does n't allow its * own * regions to secede from the russian federation , then having its neighbours do the same , means rewarding russia 's imperialism and tyranny , and would be exactly the same as handing over sudetenland to hitler . 
  even if russia did allow its own regions to secede ( which it does n't ) , that would still not give it a right to violently force other countries to do the same , and rewarding such coercion is a big no-no . 
  i never said that , so i urge you again to reread what i actually said . 
  i 'm saying that if the belgian government had acted as the terrorists act ( proudly done deliberate genocidal acts against another religious population ) , you would n't be opposing the `` narrative '' of people furious at the belgian government , nor would you fail to understand why people would think it a priority to stop them . 
  is terrorism the worst problem ever ? 
  aging is probably the worst problem ever , a disease that 's killing 150 thousands ever day . 
  does that mean that all other problems must be completely ignored because anti-aging research must take priority over everything ( though it indeed must ) ? 
  if e.g. 
  the belgian government deliberately bombed gathering places of muslim civilians ( e.g. 
  mosques in belgium ) , and proudly proclaimed that fact , not even blaming it on an accident or collateral damage or misunderstanding or whatever , if the belgian government went out of its way to ensure that as many innocent muslims were murdered as possible and was proud about it -- would you be as quick to argue against people furious about * that * ? 
  would you be saying that hundreds of innocent muslim civilians deliberately murdered by the belgian government in an act of genocide is not nearly as significant or important to be upset about as people killed by busses ? 
  i would urge you to look inside your soul , and understand that in an otherwise honorable pursuit of fairness and justice , you 've leaned too much the other way , and you 're being too soft on the kind of deliberate mass-murder that you would be in a fury regarding if it had happened by your own ethnicity against others . 
  acts motivated by an ideology of * genocide * are important also in the greater genocides they threaten in the future , and it 'll be too late if they need to reach the level of deaths by other causes ( e.g. 
  aging ) before we treat them seriously . 
  greece just happens to be a country that has sabotaged its own productive base , happens to be a country that has the least free market in the european union , which has the most hostlile environment to any industrial or other investment . 
  a country that does n't produce anything and borrows money not for investments but rather to feed itself , will end up with the same result as * people * who do n't work and borrow money not as an investment but rather to feed themselves : becoming beggars , living off the charity of others , and blaming other people for their sorry state . 
  you again , not having any actual counter to anything i say ? 
   siding with russia kinda always produced results that were ok serbia was russia 's best friend in the balkans . 
  it got all its serb population evicted from croatia and then it lost kosovo and montenegro . 
  ukraine was russia 's friend , and russia used the military bases it got as a result of its `` friendship '' in order to steal crimea from it . 
  cyprus was russia 's friend , laundering the money of russian mafiosi , and as a result its banks eventually went down the crapper . 
  greece was ( and still is ) russia 's best friend in the europe union ( named in a 2007 ecfr publication as `` russia 's trojan horse inside the eu '' ) , and greece 's economy is ( not so ) coincidentally is the worst in the european union , with the * especially * russia-friendly government of kostas karamanlis primarily to blame for this and the second * especially * russia-friendly government of alexis tsipras finishing off whatever was left of the greek economy . 
  venezuela is russia 's best friend in south america , and now its economy is collapsing too . 
  syria is russia 's best friend in the middle east , and do i need to explain in what a sorry state it is ? 
  and that 's just discussing the result of `` friendships '' with russia from the 1990s onward . 
  in short , a `` friendship with russia '' is the most catastrophic thing possible for any country . 
  any country that gets friendly with russia gets destroyed , because russia only cares for russia ( and usually not even that , or it would n't be destroying its own country with its vainglorious imperialism ) , so `` a country 's friendship with russia '' effectively means `` letting russia abuse and steal from our country , or simply use us in its attacks against the west '' . 
  russia said in 2013 ( back when it had a `` legally elected government '' even according to your own beliefs ) , that if the ( legally elected ) government of ukraine signed the eu association agreement , then russia would no guarantee ukraine 's existence as a state and could militarily intervene in it : http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/sep/22/ukraine-european-union-trade-russia so much for pretending that russia 's hitleric invasion and dismemberment of ukraine had anything to do with `` forceful overthrow of legal government '' . 
  that 's just a pretext . 
  the one and only reason for russian 's attempt to dismember ukraine , is for the same reason it had already in 2013 threatened to dismember ukraine : because ukraine wanted to sign the eu association agreement . 
  in fact a forceful overthrow of a legal government is what happened in * crimea * where russian troops entered the crimean government , overthrew the local government , and appointed as leader of crimea someone ( a mafia leader ) who had only gotten 4 % of votes in the previous local elections . 
  keep on repeating your lies in defense of the neohitleric imperialists in russia , and i will keep on countering them with pure facts . 
  cute . 
  it 's especially amusing how you found one of the few people in reddit who are * not * anonymous at all to try to make such accusations about . 
  it 's not as if my face , birthplace , place of residence , and pretty much whole life is n't easily discoverable . 
  though a devastating blow to your nationalist ideology , the sides people take and their ideologies they have is n't solely dependent on their ethnicity , race or even their religion . 
  you wanted to believe in a world where the `` good serbs '' and the `` good greeks '' are allied against the `` bad muslims '' ? 
  think again . 
  to your grief , only 7 % of greeks vote for the neonazi party , leaving the other 93 % of us with a human conscience , and with the capacity to oppose mass murders ( when we become aware of them rather than when we get brainwashed 24/7 by the media ) regardless of the ethnicity of those who cause them . 
  what , you thinking i ca n't be a real greek , because i oppose the greek neonazis who allying themselves with serb mass-murderers supported serb mass murders in bosnia ? 
   ukraine is not a side , it 's a socially torn country , that turned into a violent conflict thanks to the eu support of the democratically elected government being overthrown fucking bullshit . 
  since 2013 , russia was threatening ukraine with invasion , dismemberment and conquest if it dared sign the association agreement with the eu http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/sep/22/ukraine-european-union-trade-russia '' ... ` signing this agreement about association with eu , the ukrainian government violates the treaty on strategic partnership and friendship with russia . ',
