  and coincidentally loves both the aforementioned , both andreas papandreou and kostas karamanlis , even though these two are the most to blame for greece 's ruinous economy . 
  on the other hand the few brief periods we 've had pro-western , pro-eu governments ( kostantinos mitsotakis , kostas simitis ) , the economy has done relatively better . 
  it 's not trolling if they 're honest about their insane opinions . 
   do you seriously , honestly believe that jeremy corbyn has spent the last 33 years as a russian sleeper agent ? 
  i do n't think you understand what `` sleeper '' agent means . 
  i 'm saying that he 's serving russia 's interests right now , not that he 's some sort of `` sleeper '' waiting activation . 
   this is the democratic-socialist leader of the uk 's second largest party one of litvinenko 's claims had been that he 'd been told romano prodi was kgb 's `` man in italy '' . 
  i ca n't know if that claim was true or false , but do consider that a man like litvinenko himself did n't consider the claim to be ludicrous , just because prodi eventually became the leader of a big western nation . 
  ( edit : also keep in mind , that even karl marx himself accused lord palmerston , twice pm of great britain , of serving russian interests : http://marxengels.public-archive.net/en/me0848en.html )  not `` tinker , tailor , soldier , spy . '', 
  i 've never read this or any other spy novels and i do n't care much about the genre in general . 
  perhaps you should n't care about them either when we 're discussing reality . 
   this may come as a shock to you , but a man can have profoundly held beliefs without being on the payroll of a foreign country what do his democratic-socialism `` beliefs '' have to do with him defending the russian dismemberment of ukraine , and his wanting to leave the eastern european nations defenseless against russia ? 
  there are even communists who oppose russian aggression ( e.g. 
  http://www.workersliberty.org/story/2014/04/17/why-socialists-should-side-ukraine-against-russia ) . 
  corbyn just does n't , he merely always justifies it and wants to do his utmost to enable further russian aggression . 
  i said reward , not award . 
  schroder was given a cozy position in gazprom . 
  at that point he became officially an employee of the kremlin , but obviously he 'd not be given the post if he had n't already given them good service . 
  during his chancellorship he 'd been doing things like calling putin a flawless democrat , and nowadays he 's doing things like justifying the annexation of crimea . 
   russia is a third world country , and you think they 're calling the shots in the second biggest party in the uk ? 
  does n't gerhard schr\u00f6der , leader of the * first * party in germany , who at retirement from german politics was immediately given a reward by putin for his dedicated service to russia , prove well enough that russia can have puppets even at the highest positions in foreign nations ? 
  so yeah , if russia could have a puppet in chancellor gerhard schr\u00f6der , they can definitely have a puppet in corbyn . 
  by `` puppet of putin '' , i mean generally puppet of the kremlin , putin does n't need to be directly corbyn 's handler . 
  keep in mind that putin was yeltsin 's hand-picked man ( not an opponent of yeltsin ) , and yeltsin himself was the leader of the russian soviet federative socialist republic ( not any sort of democratic/pacifist opposition to the ussr ) . 
  russia has inherited all of the soviet union 's imperialism , because it has inherited all the imperialist * leadership * of russia . 
  in the early 1990s russia was splitting apart moldova , in the late 1990s it was massacring chechnya , in the 2000s it was tearing apart georgia , and in 2010s came ukraine 's turn . 
   but russians literally cite what they call the `` kosovo precedent '' when they pull this kind of shit . 
  neither russia , nor ukraine , recognized kosovo 's independence . 
  so how the fuck does it justify * anything * , even in their own minds ? 
  it only justifies it in the petty minds of those who see everything in the world as properly belonging to either moscow or washington , and who see no independent nations having any rights at all . 
   it seems like you 're setting up a strawman here with this u.s. invasion comparison when the nato intervention in kosovo would be most applicable . 
  nato intervention in kosovo came after years of serb-albanian warfare , and when earlier in the decade serbs had attempted to dismember the neighbouring nations of bosnia & croatia and caused because of such aggression hundreds of thousands of deaths . 
  ( and even so nato 's intervention was wrong btw ) russian intervention in ukraine on the other hand , happened against a peaceful country that was n't threatening its neighbours , and so it should be seen as a sign of what threat russia poses against all peaceful nations . 
  the actual proper analogy is with nazi germany intervention in czechoslovakia and annexation of sudetenland . 
  no sarcasm in the 1st paragraph . 
  hyperbole in the 2nd and 3rd paragraphs . 
  why do you assume corbyn 's honesty ? 
   lol he 's a moron , with highly unrealistic and idealistic views , but not a puppet of anyone . 
  he 's not a moron that 's working alone if he achieved the leadership of labour . 
  he does not have `` unrealistic and idealistic '' views . 
  he just lies about what his views are . 
  according to you , how would his political positions and actions have been different if he * had * been a puppet of vladimir putin ? 
  because it seems to me that in that hypothetical universe , his positions ( whether openly stated or effective ) would be exactly identical to his positions now . 
   what a foolish uninformed comment , good lord . 
  look up `` seumas milne '' and his dedicated service in supporting putin 's imperialist aggression . 
  oh , look the puppet of russia , who failed to oppose brexit in order to weaken the eu , now also opposes nato defending nations against russia and wants it to be closed down . 
  next up , corbyn will be asking for ukraine to be dissolved and its territory given to russia as a gesture of good will , and for russian troops to occupy the baltics , just to make sure russia faces no `` threat '' from those pesky little nations . 
  next up , i 'm sure he would n't mind the occupation of all of eastern europe by russian troops either . 
  perhaps split up germany again , give half of it to russia , as another sign of how peaceful we are . 
   i thought we were talking about adult-child relationships , yes , that 's what age of consent is . 
  but instead you said that `` that children can in principle never enter into a consensual sexual relationship '' , not merely with adults but seemingly never ( if it 's really `` in principle '' ) . 
  so what is it ? 
  how can a 15-year old enter into a consensual relationship with another 15-year old , but not with a 25-year or a 35-year old ? 
  easy , because we believe the latter of these have more of a potential of * abuse * and being unhealthy ones , than relationships with people of the same age . 
  it 's the same reason most sane countries also allow sexual relationship when the age of difference is small enough , even if it crosses the ` age of consent ' line . 
  so there 's no `` principle '' here , there 's merely an arbitrary line we drew in order to imperfectly partially prevent a certain type of abuse . 
   freedom supersedes security , that 's what living in a liberal democracy means currently most so-called `` liberal democracies '' ban even things like marijuana , things that i would not ban . 
  i 'd ban burqas , because they 're things often forced by one person on others , but such coercion does n't habitually happen with marijuana which our `` liberal democracies '' nonetheless ban . 
   the right thing to do would be to punish military officers that do coerce their subordinates , not outlaw sex . 
  do you care at all about the practical difficulties in proving such coercion ? 
  you 're not thinking clearly . 
  if minors `` in principle can never enter a consensual sexual relationships '' then when two 15 year olds had voluntary sex with each other , they would both go to juvie for raping the other , as neither could consent . 
  but in reality we only forbid sex when one is a minor and the other is n't , or they are teacher & student , or doctor & patient , or boss & employee or other such cases where there 's some sort of power differential which enables the possibilty of abuse which we ca n't prove directly . 
  the concept of age of consent is not about some `` principle '' that minors can never actually consent - ofcourse they can . 
  it 's again about using guidelines that limit freedom , when we see such freedom getting used to covertly coerce snd pressure . 
   more secular , and provably so in its schools outside turkey , than president for life erdogan . 
  so is n't gulen , `` cult-leader for life '' of the gulenist movement ? 
  what i 'm seeing is that when erdogan was allied with gulen , he was persecuting secularists and putting them in jail , and now that he 's opposed to gulen , he 's allied with secularists and freeing them from jail . 
  this certainly implies to me that during the erdogan-gulen alliance , it was gulen who was the most anti-secularist one , the most islamist . 
  which also makes sense give the fact he 's a cleric , while erdogan is merely the leader of an ultra-conservative party . 
   eating pig is morally acceptable because it was bred for food , not for hunting or as pet , but for food . 
  so , you do find it acceptable to eat dog when it is bred for food , like in china , but it 's not acceptable to eat fish , if they 've not been bred especially for the purpose ? 
   abnormal gooks and what 's wrong with people being `` abnormal gooks '' as you so charmingly put it ? 
  why is it supposedly better than being a non - `` abnormal '' non - `` gook '' ? 
   that 's f * cking disgusting . 
  what , eating snails ? 
  you 've never heard of escargot ? 
  but yes , i do find it disgusting , that 's why i personally do n't eat them . 
  but disgust has nothing to do with morality , except among ( you can guess it ! ), 
  barbarians , who do n't have the understanding to actually make actual * moral judgments * , and thus use only their gut instinct for everything , rather than , you know , their heads . 
   the only barbarian is you who accepts this monstrosity as normal thing . 
  i never said it was n't a monstrosity to eat dog , i 'm just not seeing why it 's * more * of a monstrosity than eating pig . 
  you 've failed to give an explanation for that . 
   why do n't you serve dog meat to your guests see how they will react , or ask in restaurant for some dog meat ... we already know that it 's not the custom of our tribe to serve dog , the question is why you consider the customs of your tribe in this matter superior to the customs in china where you can indeed serve such . 
  why do n't you ask a restaurant in india to serve cow meat , or in saudi arabia to serve pig meat ? 
  personally i do n't eat dog . 
  i also do n't eat frogs ( which i understand get eaten in france ) or oysters or snails ( which people eat here in greece too as well elsewhere around the world ) . 
  pardon him , theodotus : he is a barbarian , and thinks that the customs of his tribe and island are the laws of nature . 
  - george bernard shaw , `` ceasar and cleopatra '' -- what you 've proven in this discussion is that it 's you who are not the civilized one , merely a barbarian who thinks that everything outside his own tribe 's customs is somehow unnatural . 
   banning burkini you 're attacking the freedom of women , you 're not attacking the sexism of their husbands or fathers . 
  question , how do you feel about foot-binding ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foot_binding would you ban it or not ? 
  do note that only after * bans * on it , the practice actually stopped . 
  obviously that scuba diving suits are n't islamic enough , and the whole burqini thing 's purpose is to push islamism . 
   dog was n't bred to be consumed . 
  first of all , in countries where dogs are eaten by the population , like china or south korea , they 're also bred to be consumed . 
  secondly , neither are fish caught in the open waters `` bred to be consumed '' , but nonetheless we kill fish for food . 
  can you explain what you meant with `` because we live in civilized world '' if you did n't mean anything that has to do with moral superiority ? 
   so not vegan food should be banned if vegan groups start killing people ? 
  first of all , you have it backwards , it would be vegan food that might be banned if vegans started killing people , same way that islamist clothes are getting banned now that islamists are killing people .
