  they deliberately * chose * to sabotage investments rather than encourage them . 
  and i do n't understand why you have the austrian flag , when you 're a greek living in greece instead . 
  then find me a loan in human history that has been as much * below * market-rates as the europeans ' loan to greece has been . 
  i 'll be waiting . 
   noone blamed the eu entirely . 
  right , they also blame the people whom they call eu-collaborators in our midst , and whom they threaten with bombs and hangmans ' nooses . 
  i challenge you to find me a single word by the current or the previous government , that blames * at all * the kostas karamanlis government who was the chief guilty party for the state of the greek economy when it entered the memoranda . 
   but it 's still dwarfed with those who oppose the eu for the way it reacted in the economic crisis and the failed memoranda . 
  they bash the `` eu '' as loansharks , when the eu has been lending the money with the most favourite loan terms in the history of human civilization , and they bash the eu as ` blackmailers ' whenever it even thinks of not loaning ( essentially * gifting * ) greece any more money . 
  at the same time the people keep licking russia 's balls , and praising it , and repeating kremlin 's propaganda about ukraine , even though russia has refused to give us * any * assistance at all . 
  if they had n't been licking russia 's balls , i 'd have been willing to believe it 's honest opposition to the eu ( though they never clearly explain what exactly they 'd want the eu to do -- even ` forgive us the entire debt ' would n't be sufficient for these people , since they do n't want the debt just forgiven , they want the debt forgiven and still the ability to be borrowing money indefinitely that they will never have to repay ) . 
  so fuck them . 
  the `` economic policies '' of the eu were successful everywhere where they were actually applied -- not in greece because they were not applied . 
  greece however has as government a freaking bad of russia-servants that deliberately sabotage greece economy in order to hurt the eu -- seriously we sabotage * every * investment , because we do not want our economy to improve . 
  the ministers will pretend at any pseudo-ecological or pseudo-archeological reason to sabotage investment , as has happened in skouries , in ellinikon , in afanta , etc , etc. . . greece has effectively been turned not just into russia 's trojan horse but russia 's * suicide bomber * inside the eu . 
   if you see the numbers pro-crisis they are very different . 
  that 's because during the crisis we had a concerted effort by all parties , of both the right and the left to blame the eu for the entire state of the greek economy . 
  the eu are constantly insulted and slandered by the political parties , as being blackmailers and loansharks who deliberately destroyed greece for their own greedy profit . 
  i 'm not exaggerating . 
  `` cruel '' `` inhuman '' `` bloodthirsty '' `` blackmailers '' `` loansharks '' are typical insults . 
  it began with russia-loving samaras ( a nationalist who in the 1990s was the chief proponent of the orthodox arc , the greece-serbia-russia alliance ) and continued with complete-russian-stooges tsipras and kammenos in their far-left/far-right alliance whose parties have always bashed the eu , and always voted in favour of russia the european parliament . 
  progressive pro-europeans like myself were instead spoken of as if we were * collaborators of the nazi occupation * ( ' \u03b3\u03b5\u03c1\u03bc\u03b1\u03bd\u03bf\u03c4\u03c3\u03bf\u03bb\u03b9\u03ac\u03b4\u03b5\u03c2 ' ) by the very ministers of the government , while their supporters have been threatening us with hangman 's nooses . 
  the same people have recently effectively been praising the recent assassination attempt on a pro-western politician , and have been saying that `` our turn '' will also come . 
  so , yeah , it 's very specifically deliberate anti-eu propaganda that 's directly orchestrated and guided by the stooges of the kremlin . 
  okay , if the albanian-speaking arvanites and the romanian-speaking vlachs were greeks , just because they decided to call themselves that , then the slav-speaking people of fyrom are likewise macedonians . 
   according to your logic they are turkish only if they called themselves `` turks '' , which they did n't . 
  for about a thousand years , the people currently calling themselves greeks , were calling themselves `` romans '' instead . 
  eventually the greek-speaking `` romans '' ( romaioi/romioi ) , the albanian-speaking arvanites and the romanian-speaking vlachs ( vlachoi ) ( in short the christian populations of the greek peninsular ) decided to collectively call themselves `` greeks '' regardless of earlier ethnic identity , and lack of a common language or descent . 
  so , yeah , the slav `` macedonians '' in fyrom are `` stealing '' greek history . 
  but then again the `` greeks '' in greece decided to steal greek history first . 
  i do n't think you grasped the point of ` indirectly ' . 
  iran has for decades deliberately encouraged , advocated and financed death for blasphemers worldwide . 
  until they actively denounce all these previous actions of theirs , they are still indirectly responsible for all such murders , as they have encouraged and supported them . 
  are we rewriting history ? 
  will you pretend that iran did n't issue a fatwa encouraging the murder of salman rushdie , or will you admit it did ? 
  a true democracy allows you to share opinions . 
  which middle-eastern nation allows you to share the opinion that islam is a false religion ? 
  iran was the chief direct state supporter of violence for both the satanic verses and the danish cartoons which makes it indirectly responsible for the subsequent charlie hedbo murders and all such similar actions . 
  it 's saudi arabia that has not sponsored such attacks , neither against rushdie nor against cartoonists . 
  whoever thinks that iran and syria were doing their utmost go encourage islamic terrorism should remember the danish cartoons and how it was those two countries that so emflamed the situation that they let mobs attack the danish embassies . 
  they should remember that it is iran and not saudi arabia that issued the fatwa for the killing of salman rushdie and everyone else involved with the publication of the novel . 
  saudi arabia beheads islamist terrorists . 
  iran encourages them . 
  so fucking no , iran is n't a friend , critical or otherwisr , it 's a country that sponsors islamist terrorist murder andislamist imperialism in general against the west . 
  fuck you iran . 
  everyone who 's claimed that iran does n't support terrorism , just because most recent islamist terrorisms have been sunni , has the memory of a flea . 
  they 've openly supported islamist terrorism . 
  their state keeps * adding money * as a reward for whoever kills rushdie . 
  they added another 600,000 $ just last year ? 
  not saudi arabia , but fucking iran . 
  all you idiots have forgotten that ? 
   compare how successful nato is compared to eu and you will understand the difference ?? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the eu has been wildly successful . 
  what exactly are we supposed to compare here ? 
   i know enough about its history to foresee that eu would be a failure long ago . 
  well you utterly failed in that prediction , did n't you ? 
   there 's no point to that name . 
  consider `` east timor '', 
   not the same serbs . 
  then it 's unfortunate that they do n't have a name to differentiate themselves from the serbs of serbia . 
  perhaps they should start with that . 
   the serbs in bosnia are not controlled from belgrade , and it is insulting to imply they are . 
  it does n't really matter if they 're directly controlled from belgrade or not , as long as they 're supported by it . 
  texan independence from mexico was still an act of american imperialism . 
  kosovar independence from serbia , was still an act of albanian imperialism . 
   imperialism in this case means wanting what everybody else wanted , secessions . 
  when slovenia/croatia/bosnia / etc seceded they were exercising their legal right to secede as per the yugoslav constitution , according to the established borders . 
  the slovenes chose independence for their nation . 
  the serbs already have an independent nation , it 's called serbia . 
  serbs however , just like russia in ukraine & moldova & georgia , just like hitler with sudetenland , wanted to use their minorities in other countries to grab a territory from those countries , in pursuit of ` greater serbia ' . 
  and since there were n't any clearly established borders , they just ethnically cleansed and slaughtered to grab as much territory as they could . 
   but it is independence , they want the ability to do what the want with their home . 
  a home they acquired by ethnically cleansing from it everyone who was n't a serb . 
  will they give that ability , ` to do what they want ' to individual regions inside the rs , to leave the rs if they so want to ? 
  will they support every city 's , every region 's right to independence from * their * authority ? 
   when you say independence , you mean independence from the current country . 
  they say `` independence '' because it sound nice , while `` we want to have your neighboring nation conquer half this country 's territory by using the ethnic minority inside its neighbours territory '' sounds nasty , and it will remind e.g. 
  greeks that they have a turkish minority that might want to get independence , and albanians that they have a greek minority that might seek the same , and macedonians that they have an albanian minority , and romanians that they have a hungarian minority , and so forth . 
  scots want independence . 
  kurds want independence . 
  chechens want independence . 
  basques want independence . 
  on the other hand : sudetenlanders served nazi german imperialism kosovars served albanian imperialism transnistrians/crimeans/donbassers / abkhazians/south ossetians served russian imperialism . 
   what happens after that would be nobody 's business , independent countries can do whatever they want . 
  if so then bosnia is an independent country , then it `` can do whatever they want '' and forbid the bosnian serbs from leaving . 
  are countries allowed to forbid territories from leaving or are n't they ? 
  here 's my belief : every territory , every state , every city , has the right to independence , if and only if this ` independence ' is not a mere smokescreen for a neighboring nation 's imperialism . 
  in this case bosnian serb `` independence '' , is very much a smokescreen for serb imperialism , nothing more than that . 
  if serbia wants a piece of bosnia , then serbia should negotiate with the bosnian central government to * buy * the territory they want from bosnia . 
  kosovo had a referendum in favor of secession back in 1991 : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kosovan_independence_referendum,_1991 nobody in the west supported this back then , because serbia had n't yet made itself utterly loathed for its own imperialism against its neighbours . 
  i did n't support kosovar independence , and i think it was an example of albanian imperialism that it should n't have been supported . 
  but the reason that it * was * supported by the west , was because serbia had made itself utterly hated throughout the world for its brutal imperialism and attempts to tear apart croatia & bosnia . 
  unlike serbia , neither georgia , nor moldova , nor ukraine , had ever threatened the territorial integrity of any of their neighbours . 
  russia could have coexisted peacefully with them , if only it had wanted to . 
  as for abkhazia , the 250,000 abkhazians living in abkhazia ethnically cleansed 250,000 georgians , so that they would then get the majority to vote for `` self-determination '' . 
  `` self-determination '' was the excuse that the nazi gave when grabbing sudetenland and tearing apart czechoslovakia . 
   the serbs that want independence do not want a war . 
  the bosnian serbs that want `` independence '' , do n't actually want `` independence '' , they want union with serbia . 
  and as far as i know serbia does n't allow its territories to secede .
