  i 'm a progressive social democrat . 
  and if you wanted to elaborate , you could have fucking done so , or you could have even elaborated afterwards . 
  both times you deliberately chose non-communication and innuendo , instead of clarity . 
  but that 's what cowardy fucks like you do , choose to obfuscate because they 're too big cowards to actually have a clear stance on anything , or try to defend their position . 
  say something vague , and pretend the other guy is reading too much into what was said . 
  fuck your bullshit . 
   you 're reading and assuming an awful lot into one statement . 
  if you do n't want people to misunderstand your one statement , be clearer about the meanings you want to communicate next time . 
  possibly by using more statements . 
  you can choose to pretend that consentual sex and rape are just two different forms of sex and thus morally equivalent , but the difference is crucial and actually quite easy to see . 
   i 'm sure you 're all too familiar with at the moment . 
  yes , i 'm very familiar with scummy greek politicians having your attitude about european `` financial coercion '' as supposedly equivalent to hitleric invasion . 
  this is convenient to greek politicians since they can blame the europeans on * everything * -- whether they get loans or not get them , no matter what the terms are , the europeans are to blame , because they 're `` financially coercing us '' by not giving us free money . 
  ( in the meantime those same greek politicians support the russian military invasion of ukraine , which shows that it 's always the morally bankrupt that have this attitude ) not-so-coincidentally that 's also the stance that the greek neonazi party has on the issue . 
  it 's convenient to pretend that german nazis are the same thing as german capitalists , because then the evils of nazism are trivialized . 
  as i already said it 's always the morally bankrupt that want to pretend two completely different systems are morally equivalent . 
  the actually interested in morality can actually tell the difference apart quite easily . 
  compare and contrast : - a `` european super state '' based on the idea that nations are to voluntarily come together and mutually treat each others 's citizens equally , - a `` european super state '' based on the forced military annexation and conquest of other nations , and the mass murder , displacement or subjugation of people of all other ethnicities . 
  if you honestly take a look at these concept you 'll see that they 're actually as opposite as they can get , which is why neonazis everywhere despise the european union . 
   i 'm sorry , but that is not a sign of corruption : people of greek descent have a right to claim greek nationality . 
  i did n't mean to imply i had an objection to him having been given greek citizenship . 
  ivan savvidis , a russian ally of vladimir putin of ethnic greek descent , also given greek citizenship in 2013 . 
  from wikipedia : savvidis is one of russia 's wealthiest men and is a member of parliament , closely linked to the president vladimir putin . 
  forbes has listed ivan savvidis as the 30th wealthiest russian in the world . 
  i definitely think we should ask our ministers how many brutal dictatorships they 've supported and the reasons they had for supporting them , regardless of whether they 're right-wing dictatorships or left-wing dictatorships . 
  and then again there 's the people who think that as long as call yourself a `` leftist '' , you 're allowed to support all the worst dictatorships in the world , as long as those dictatorships call themselves `` leftist '' too . 
  i 'm a progressive social democrat . 
  your obsession with seeing everything through the outdated cold war era relations identifies you as a relic of the 1950s . 
   for papandreou : i do n't see how he was wrong . 
  he said that ussr was anti-imperialist , and you do n't see how he was wrong ? 
  eastern europe would like to have a word with you . 
   for karamanlis : ecfr can spew whatever bullthit they want . 
  he did n't do anything pro-russian from ecfr \\ s power audit of eu-russia relations : `` for example , greece , in spring 2007 , stopped the eu from extending the mandate of the eu border support team in georgia to include the secessionist region of abkhazia . '', 
  karamanlis is also the prime minister who when the whole rest of the western world was expressing its dismay over the murder of anna politkosvkaya , he was the one whose political office instead made an announcement of how he had communicated with vladimir putin to wish him a `` happy birthday '' . 
  after russia 's action in georgia , he kept saying about how europe should n't `` isolate '' russia . 
  now russia loves him so much , this person chiefly responsible for the destruction of the greek economy , that they 're telling stories about how israeli and american agents were planning to assassinate karamanlis , and that this is the reason that he was forced out of office ( instead the truth that he left office in a hurry so that the repercussions of the greek bankruptcy that he caused would n't be revealed during * his * term of office )  for samaras : using the orthodox axis was a move so he can get christian support . 
  every politician has their own reasons for the geopolitical alliances that they make , whether selfish or honest . 
  that does n't change the fact that they do make those alliances . 
  in the 1990s samaras overthrew the pro-west government of mitsotakis , then he was returned to the party by karamanlis to take it over instead of pro-western bakoyanni ( daughter of mitsotakis ) , and even the party election rules were changed in the last moment to enable him to take that party leadership easier . 
  during his term of office he allowed and enabled the growth of neonazi ( also pro-russian ) golden dawn . 
  and samaras was of course the one who initialized the concept of blaming the lenders rather than greece 's past governments for greece 's economic woes ( he could hardly bash karamanlis , could he now ? ), 
   countries inviting armies to parades is nothing new and does n't mean anything . 
  do you have examples of another nato nation inviting russia to participate in a military parade on the nation 's national holiday ? 
   for tsipras : i thought kotzias invited dugin , and it was one lecture . 
  tsipras picked kotzias as a foreign minister , that 's what i said . 
  but tsipras ' russophilia is so well documented , he has supported russia at his utmost and in everything , that it the newspaper `` to vima '' now has reported that tsipras ' referendum , and his disregard for all the economic havoc this would causes , was in his hopes that this would lead to greece 's leaving euro and effectively join russia , that he had been going to putin and telling him about how greece was willing to `` sail to new harbours '' ( effectively change geopolitical orientation ) . 
  and that it tsipras `` no '' suddenly turned to `` yes '' because russia denied him the 10 billion loan he had been hoping for . 
  the idiot russophile tsipras really thought that russia would have any reason to sustain a bankrupt greece when russia could have europe sustain it instead . 
  why would russia want a parasitic greece on its back , when it can get a parasitic greece on europe 's back ? 
  this russophilia by tsipras , this deliberate attempt by him to change the geopolitical orientation of the country , has directly caused the worsening of economic conditions in the past six months for greece . 
   about the greek oligharchs : i do n't really care about them . 
  private entities can support anyone they want . 
  that 's why we have free economy crony capitalism exists everywhere in the west , but in greece it takes the form of supporting oligarchs connected to russian financial interests , and sabotaging or blocking any rivals that are not connected to such . 
  ( keep in mind that even the scandal of the german-owned siemens deeply involved the russia-owned * intracom * as its partner in crime in greece ) . 
  this is n't harmless , it 's corruption and destruction of the greek economy . 
   and as for syriza , golden dawn , and anel : for what ? 
  ukraine ? 
  they would on ; t criticized them if greek people cared . 
  obviously , that 's not the case . 
  about anything . 
  they 've never criticized russia about * anything * whatsoever , about any issue external or internal . 
  not about ukraine , not about georgia , not about moldova , not about chechnya , not about its aggressive moves against the baltics , not about its internal oppression of dissidents or of gay people or of * anything * . 
   but you blindly only blame russia for all the ills in europe and greece . 
  no , i 'm pretty sure i 've not blamed it for `` all the ills in europe and greece '' , e.g. 
  i doubt i ever blamed russia for the problems europe and greece has with immigrants . 
  as for greece 's prime ministers , -- if e.g. 
  andreas papandreou did n't want me to consider him suspiciously connected to ussr , he should have praised ussr less as supposedly being `` anti-imperialist '' , -- if karamanlis did n't want me to consider him suspiciously connected to russia greece of his time should n't have proceeded to actions that led ecfr to name greece in 2007 as russia 's `` trojan horse in the eu '' , -- if samaras did n't want to me to consider him suspiciously connected to russia he should n't have allowed the russian army to take part in the national military parade in alexandroupoli , nor supported the `` orthodox axis '' in the 1990s , -- if tsipras did n't want me to consider him suspiciously connected to russia , he should be kissing putin 's butt less and picked a different foreign minister than the guy who invited alexander dugin for university lectures . 
  and as for greece 's oligarchs : -- if bobolas did n't want me to believe him connected to russia , he should n't have made his start by being funded to publish the great soviet encyclopedia and creating pro-ussr newspapers -- if kokkalis did n't want me to believe him connected to russia , he should n't have been an agent of stazi . 
  and as for syriza , golden dawn , and anel : -- if they did n't want me to believe them puppets of russia , then these parties should have criticized russia even once about * anything * whatsoever . 
  my `` retarded posts '' all mention facts that the various right-wing and left-wing fascists of greece ( both kinds worshipping putin and russia in their shared hatred of europe ) find inconvenient and want hushed up . 
   also , if it was n't for the russians , you would be speaking either german or turkish right now . 
  ooh it 's amusing to see you justify your current subservience to putin by arguing about events 70 and 190 years ago . 
  it 's extra amusing that you talk about those events as if russia 's role was anything other than its own interests . 
  it opposed germany once germany attacked it . 
  as for greece and turkey , it supported greece when it was convenient for russia , it withdrew support when that was convenient ( see orlofika ) , it supported greek independence when it could install russian ministers as governors of greece , and it supported civil wars among the greek fighters when it could n't get its will passed legitimately . 
  no gratitude aplies therefore even if gratitude could be transferred 190 years ( you 'll note i spoke about greece 's current politicians ' treasons against poland and eastern europe , not those of politicians centuries ago ), 
  when did greece ever show solidarity to the poles , was it when greece was siding with russia in its aggression against its neighbours , objecting to further sanctions , etc ? 
  greece 's current foreign minister was a communist party `` hardliner '' who in the 1980s supported jaruzelski 's martial law against the ` solidarity ' movement . 
  ah , so you 're just generous with other people 's money . 
  one thing that syriza wants the greek public to not hear very much is that mpompolas was a former communist , who was created with soviet capital ( he was publisher of the great soviet encyclopedia ) , had ties with the kgb , and reached oligarch-status during the years of the other pro-soviet leftist devastator of greece , andreas papandreou . 
  other oligarchs include kokkalis ( who had ties with the east german stazi ) . 
  now syriza pretends itself to be anti-oligarch , by merely making noises at oligarchs like mpompolas , when they 're all part of the same corrupt political establishment with old and new ties to moscow . 
   it 's main purpose was to deny syriza the 151 seats in the parliament . 
  or alternatively it 's main purpose was to split and entrap the pro-european vote , rather than have the pro-europeans create a new ( actually pro-european ) party . 
  the meander in ancient greek was a decorative angular line in the borders of illustrations . 
  it was n't a ` symbol ' you saw by itself meaning anything . 
  the neonazis have cut it up and placed it in the center very obviously to parallel the nazi swastika . 
   with the germans and their lackeys `` germans and their lackeys '' is the way that all the greek lackeys of russia want to insult the actually and proudly independent nations of eastern europe , who are actually poorer than greece but unlike greece do n't survive on the handouts of richer countries . 
  so much for the leftist solidarity towards the poor nations of europe . 
   no , i 'm calling it now : six months from now we 'll be in the exact same spot , with the germans and their lackeys blaming everything on those damn lazy greeks who ate the money of the hardworking german taxpayer . 
  and we will have nothing more to offer to avoid being unceremoniously thrown off the euro . 
  and i 'm calling it now , that six months from now we 'll be in the exact same spot , with the greeks blaming everything on those damn evil germans who are oppressing the hardworking greeks . 
  this package of measures will not be implemented any more than the previous ones were . 
  i 'll paraphrase from how a minor maoist party of greece ( oakke ) described the situation : hurdle 1 : to implement any such international treaty , a bunch of presidential decrees/executive instructions need be made by the various ministers , etc , telling the state employees to actually apply the law . 
  without such instructions , no aspect of the state mechanism gives a rat 's ass about international agreements . 
  hurdle 2 : if hurdle 1 is successfully passed , the council of state ( \u03a3\u03c5\u03bc\u03b2\u03bf\u03cd\u03bb\u03b9\u03bf \u03c4\u03b7\u03c2 \u0395\u03c0\u03b9\u03ba\u03c1\u03b1\u03c4\u03b5\u03af\u03b1 ) can nonetheless choose to cancel or freeze any aspect of the law it so pleases . 
  hurdle 3 : if hurdles 1 & 2 are successfully passed , we still have to deal with a bunch of pseudo-leftist union leaders who believe it fully within their rights to blockade national highways across all greece as a means of protest , and thus destroy the economy . 
  or alternatively pseudo-anarchist arsonists who 'll decide that athens needs a good burning again . 
  the referendum was made as a delaying tactic so that the june 30 deadline would expire , the greek banks would close , and the greek economy be wrecked beyond possibility of recovery no matter what packages of measures would be made afterwards . 
  the referendum is a mystery only to those who still suffer under the delusion that tsipras wants what 's best for greece , rather than what 's worst for europe .
