  in the 2000s it took territory from georgia ( not just south ossetia , but abkhazia too , from which 250,000 georgians were expelled to form an ethnically pure state ) . 
  in the 2010s it took territory from ukraine . 
  and that 's not counting the things it did in chechnya . 
  in fact the only time it was n't attacking a neighbour was when it was busy with chechnya . 
   i do n't like heavy weaponry around , who needs war in europe ?!, 
  well , frankly you must choose between either having the heavy weaponry , or war . 
  because a very strong nato presence is the only way we might avoid war . 
  what else stops russia from annexing the baltics or attacking poland you think , the goodness of their heart ? 
  only russia wants war . 
  those of us who support nato do so because we do not want war with russia , we want to avert russia from doing it . 
  http://www.kathimerini.gr/793936/article/epikairothta/politikh/k-mhtsotakhs-o-k-karamanlhs-htan-symfwnos--me-to-meikto-onoma an interview with former prime minister kostantinos mitsotakis . 
  -- `` in our first meeting , when i first met him , milosevic suggested we divide skopje [ fyrom ] . 
  we get half and he gets half , '' he claims and to the question '' how did you react ? '', 
  he answered : '' i told him `` get a grip , such things are not done . 
  do not forget that we are also in europe and i personally do not do such things . 
  and also i had a hard time getting rid of the slavmacedonians by making them leave of their own will , and i would have them again be inside greece , are you crazy ? '', 
   if serbia wanted a greater serbia , why did it let slovenia and fyrom go without a fight ? 
  btw , in regards to fyrom , there was that incident where milosevic offered to kostantinos mitsotakis to split fyrom between greece & serbia , and mitsotakis rejected that proposal or any other border change . 
  ( it is also rumoured that americans intercepted a leaked discussion between antonis samaras and andreas papandreou , where samaras was swearing at mitsotakis for rejecting that proposal ) so it 's clear that milosevic was willing to militarily invade fyrom as well , if he could only get a nato nation like greece to be complicit in that endeavour . 
  since the greek neonazis of `` golden dawn '' participated in the serb genocide of srebenica , as self-admittedly inspired by their nazi philosophy where they will get to murder muslims and cleanse europe of non-christians -- comparisons to the nazis are very apt . 
  serbs ethnically cleansing bosnia was inspiring nazis in other countries to come join them . 
   you chose that source on your own . 
  i used it as a reference to my belief , and also to indicate i 'm not unique or alone in this , not as a source of arguments . 
  i could have just as easily linked to a cartoon like [ this ] ( http://www.thesundaytimes.co.uk/sto/newsreview/features/article1513431.ece ) or to an article like [ this ] ( https://www.opendemocracy.net/can-europe-make-it/vassilis-petsinis/of-trojan-horses-and-realpolitik-tsiprasputin-meeting-and-its-b ) or [ this ] ( http://www.russia-direct.org/opinion/greece-new-trojan-horse-kremlin ) or mentioned `` remember when [ kotzias announced he 's not a russian puppet ] ( http://greece.greekreporter.com/2015/01/30/greek-foreign-minister-im-not-a-russian-puppet/ ) , well i think he is '' . 
  anyway my point , i was n't treating it as my primary list of arguments -- as evidence it serves only a supplementary role of `` look , these people studied the thing and believe it too , so i 'm at the very least not * uniquely * insane , if insane i am '' . 
   karamanlis being pro russian would not be as relevant since he is not relevant today . 
  he is relevant actually , and there are still ties of affection between the current tsipras-kammenos government and karamanlis . 
  the syriza/anel government never blames karamanlis for * anything * , not for the massive debt that greece accumulated during karamanlis 's government , nor for anything else . 
  instead they always praise him ( kammenos openly treats the `` karamanlis faction '' as worthy of the utmost respect , unlike those supposed `` neoliberals '' like mitsotakis ) . 
  it 's a bit bizarre really -- * i * know how to explain it ( via their mutual geopolitical ties to russia ) , but i 've not seen a convincing different explanation offered by those people who disagree . 
   but i would take for starters not evidence but even suggestions . 
  for example greece acting pro russia for no reason . 
  that does not include making business deals with russian . 
  remember france wanted to sell warships to russia , they wanted the money they were not troyan horses . 
  it does n't include simply holding the same position as russia . 
  russia does not recognize kossovo , the same goes for greece and cyprus . 
  this is does not suggest greece is a trojan horse because there is the simple explanation that greece recognizing kossovo would compromise it 's position against recognition of occupied north cyprus . 
  sure , i understand all that , and i 've never used greece 's position on kosovo as evidence for greece 's relationship with russia . 
  i could start by mentioning some of the purely-symbolic-but-otherwise stuff , like ( 1 ) kostas karamanlis making an announcement on the day of anna politkosvskaya 's murder that he phoned vladimir putin to ... wish him a very happy birthday ( 2 ) segments of the russian army partaking in greek national parades in alexandroupoli under the samaras government , though afaik not even nato allies ever partake in those . 
  ( 3 ) the greek state tv under the tsipras government spending hours broadcasting the russian military ww2 celebration , when i do n't think the state tv has ever done the same for any foreign military celebration . 
  ( 4 ) a minister of tsipras literally bowing deeply in front of the russian director of gazprom ( http://www.protothema.gr/politics/article/469846/i-fotografia-tis-imeras-sta-social-media-i-upoklisi-lafazani-ston-miler/ ) now all these are just symbolic minor gestures -- but it 's not anything like we 'd ever see about towards the west which are supposedly our allies . 
   or perhaps some leaked communications between greek officials and russians that establish such a relationship . 
  this mentions some stuff about leaked emails : http://www.thesundaytimes.co.uk/sto/newsreview/features/article1513431.ece?sharetoken=69d4502b060c85a50245e4842507676e -- kotzias , a former professor at the university , introduced a lecture by dugin , one of the most fervent advocates of a russian military invasion of ukraine . 
  in it dugin argued that greece should participate `` in the recreation of the architecture of europe '' to form an `` eastern pole of european identity '' with serbia and other supporters of russia . 
  detailed evidence of syriza 's ties to dugin surfaced last december when a russian hacker group released several emails between a close friend of dugin who had lived for several years in greece and an official in dugin 's `` eurasia '' movement . 
  some of the emails related to efforts by dugin and konstantin malofeev , a russian oligarch who supports him , to create a network of european politicians and intellectuals sympathetic to russia . 
  a greek intellectual and syriza supporter who is a partner in a russian security firm featured in one of the leaked emails . 
  `` i know very well how the enemy works , '' he wrote to dugin . 
  `` and under your patronage i can strike back , effectively and hard . '' new greek foreign minister nikos kotzias ( first on the left ) and russian fascist aleksandr dugin ( centre ) according to anton shekhovtsov , a ukrainian academic and expert on the far right , `` dugin 's role was to approach people in europe , establish connections with them and pass those connections to higher-up people in the kremlin . 
  `` russia will now be trying to capitalise on the fact that the new greek government is a government of pro-russian parties , '' he added , referring to syriza and the independent greeks under panos kammenos , the new defence minister . 
  in a clear sign of his priorities , kammenos visited moscow recently in the run-up to the election that brought tsipras to power . 
  he is the founder of the athens-based institute of geopolitical studies . 
  according to one of the leaked emails , this organisation signed a `` memorandum of understanding '' with the influential russian institute for strategic studies ( risi ) at the end of last year . 
  the risi was linked to russia 's foreign intelligence service , the svr , until it was brought under the office of the russian presidency in 2009 . 
  leonid reshetnikov , its director , is a retired svr lieutenant-general . 
  kammenos 's deputy at the defence ministry , kostas isichos , is another ardent fan of putin . 
  last year he described eu sanctions on russia as `` neo-colonial bulimia '' and saluted the `` impressive counterattacks '' of russian-backed militias in eastern ukraine . 
  echoing russian propaganda , he accused the kiev government of tolerating `` neo-nazi abominations '' . 
  he has also denigrated nato as `` not a peace-loving institution '' . 
  but leaving nato was `` not among greece 's first priorities '' -- or read this : http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2015/07/08/is-putin-playing-puppetmaster-in-greece.html i could also mention actual votes in the eu parliament , where greece was the only country with a majority of meps downvoting anti-russian statements . 
  i could mention how russia has never once been accused of being an imperialist country in any syriza publication , ever , nor ever bashed in any other way , ever . 
  while in the meantime western countries are always constantly bashed . 
  i could mention how when nd ( the opposition party ) had four possible candidates for the leadership , syriza 's support was seemingly towards tzitzikostas , the one of them with the biggest russian ties ( ties to the greek-russian oligarch ivan savvidis ) . 
  i could keep going and going like this , but the thing is it 's all a cumulative thing . 
  all bits of evidence pointing to the same direction , and you can ignore or excuse any single one of them . 
  if you want a single statement where syriza members say `` i think we should work with all the other anti-western countries to help overthrow the western establishment '' , well we actually have that too , but i doubt it 'll be sufficient for you , either . 
   but why could you not make that same argument for the uk ? 
  i mean if you accept that the russians want to harm the eu , the uk has been a disruption to the eu since the joined . 
  for starters , the uk has been on the side supporting european sanctions against russia , while greece has been among the ones most strongly opposing sanctions against russia . 
   there is not even a single argument as to why greece is a trojan horse . 
  it is just proclaimed to be so . 
  the report is brief and it does n't make detailed arguments for each of the 27 countries it puts into categories , no . 
  it gives a few incidents only ( at best , sometimes not even that ) , not a detailed analysis for each country . 
   if you wish post some actual evidence from that ten year old , report . 
  this has nothing to do with this thread , and it 's a distraction that vleet has caused . 
  if you do want the discussion of `` is greece a trojan horse of russia ? 
  '' , whether that finding is true , i would not be limited to evidence from * that * report , and if you want to discuss if that statement is still true now , i would not be about evidence from that time-period , it would be about now . 
  but can you tell me what sort of evidence you would want and find sufficient ? 
  let 's say that greece is * not * a trojan horse of russia . 
  in the hypothetical universe where it was , how would its actions differ from our current universe ? 
  actually imagine that putin was a lizard person and utterly mind-controlled the top levels of the greek government to do his bidding . 
  would greece 's actions even then be significantly different than its current actions ? 
  perhaps you should have also continued with the immediate next sentence `` serbia was at this point more concerned with the situation in croatia ; even before the war had ended , ypa troops were already repositioning themselves for the imminent war in croatia '' that you were busy enough with warring against croatia , does n't make you peacelovers . 
  if you could have conquered slovenia , you would have , and you indeed attempted it but you failed . 
  only after failing you then focused on preparing for war on croatia , which you had a better chance against , because of the local population you were using . 
  hitler * also * first focused on reunifying the germanic populations of austria & sudetenland , and he only launched his wider war only after he completed * that * task . 
  that hitler & milosevich knew to prioritize does n't make them non-imperialists . 
   if serbia wanted a greater serbia , why did it let slovenia and fyrom go without a fight ? 
  it did n't : the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ten-day_war was fought by slovenia against belgrade 's forces , and slovenia defeated belgrade . 
  i opposed the support to the kosovars , because i did see their insurgency as an act of albanian imperialism ... ... but nonetheless , the only reason the west was willing to support them , was because serbia had made itself utterly hated throughout the region , by its own vile imperialism against its own neighbors , both bosnia and croatia . 
  ( this is similar to how iraq 's imperialism against kuwait enabling the later war against iraq , for supposedly unrelated causes ) you can argue about what individual acts * triggered * the wars , but triggers and causes are two different things , and in both cases , serbian imperialism was the cause of the war . 
  serbs wanted a bigger serbia , to the loss of bosnia & croatia , and that 's all all it was . 
  to not make a mystery out of it , \u0399 think on the subject the same thing that the 2007 ecfr report [ a power audit on eu-russia relations ] ( http://www.ecfr.eu/publications/summary/a_power_audit_of_eu_russia_relations ) proclaims , namely that greece is russia 's trojan horse inside the eu . 
  if you disagree with that report , feel free to explain why . 
   it is an eu imposed one . 
  you 're reversing reality , but then again if my fellow greeks were n't experts in reversing reality , they would n't be in the sorry state they 're in . 
  austerity is a natural result of greece self-sabotaging its economy , by trying to destroy anyone who actually produces anything , going out of its way to deliberately drive away investment . 
  look at all the cheering whenever some industry got closed down ( a victory for workers whenever an evil industrialist was forced to close his factory !, 
  ) , whenever a western investor abandoned greece ( ooh , evil capitalist polluters and exploiters ) . 
  want to see real hunger ?
