  we see the scenario time and again , where every local and western business ( whether industrial or tourism-related ) in greece is deliberately sabotaged , and only russian and chinese investments are allowed to go forward . 
  and somehow the europeans who 've * actually * been showing us solidarity are constantly being slandered and insulted over the media with the despicable far-leftist/far-rightist government coalition besically calling them the enemies of the greek people and treating the vile fascist russians who 've not given a cent to us as friends !, 
  despicable . 
  my pet-theoretical model says that ideologies and geopolitical centers get into alliances , and that after major historical events , realignments and reconsiderations of these alliances happen . 
  there was such a realignment at the end of ww2 , when the remnants of right-wing fascism sought an alliance with the west , and the west accepted it in opposition to the soviets . 
  there was a new realignment with the defeat of the soviets , as the west no longer had any incentive to maintain the alliance with the fascists ( and that alliance was always distasteful to what became the dominant ideology of the west , which was liberal progressivism more so than capitalism ) . 
  indeed , even before the defeat of the soviets , it was clear that the west was losing interest in supporting fascist regimes ( spain , portugal , greece , south korea , latin america were all becoming democratic in the 1970s and 1980s ) so the fascists were seeking a new geopolitical pole , and moscow was seeking new allies , so far-right and far-left ended up teaming up under the banner of moscow . 
  all you say is correct , but the crucial thing to keep in mind is that the right-wing fascists in greece ( which during the cold war were on the side of america ) are now all on the side of russia . 
  after 1991 ( or so ) both the far-right and the far-left support and are supported by moscow , in opposition to liberal/progressive democratic europe . 
  this is illustrated in greece by the current governing russia-friendly and anti-eu governing coalition being composed by a far-left and a far-right party . 
   then your conclusion is right and we will need a better food source . 
  and btw , that has n't actually been `` my conclusion '' , i have never discussed the need for `` food sources '' , one way or another . 
  the only thing that i said was that you ca n't limit the world population to 4 billion people merely by `` having fewer children '' and without banning anti-aging research . 
   this will surely happen within the next 20 years , but my estimate is 5 years . 
  no , you lie in order to mock me , that 's not your actual estimation , and since you 've not been interested neither now nor previously in an honest discussion about what 's the likely progress of technology and in what timeframe , i 'm done with you . 
  your whole argument has been nothing more than `` either it has already been invented , or it will never ever be invented , not even in 10 million years '' . 
  in short , you 're a stupid ass , and smug about your stupidity too . 
   why is it that normal wear and tear of our cells can be stopped and errors made in replication averted ? 
  i know of some organisms that are able to replace their cells quickly enough to make up for the process , achieving very long ( we still do n't know if infinite ) lifespans , but their cells do age normally . 
  unlike you i 'm not speaking about an `` elixir of life '' that will forever stop aging ( that 's why your sarcastic words are harmful to * your * understanding ) . 
  i 'm talking about any medical cure of aging , even if it 's similar to us too ` replacing our cells quickly enough to make up for the process ' . 
  or if looks instead more like `` replacing our organs with artificial ones '' that would work too . 
  or any other method of either defeating or completely circumventing the aging processes . 
  if you care about specific techniques that current anti-aging researchers are thinking of using , you can again start with what a [ wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aging-rejuvenation ) has to say : * cell loss can be repaired ( reversed ) just by suitable exercise in the case of muscle . 
  for other tissues it needs various growth factors to stimulate cell division , or in some cases it needs stem cells . 
  * senescent cells can be removed by activating the immune system against them . 
  or they can be destroyed by gene therapy to introduce `` suicide genes '' that only kill senescent cells . 
  * protein cross-linking can largely be reversed by drugs that break the links . 
  but to break some of the cross-links we may need to develop enzymatic methods . 
  * extracellular garbage ( like amyloid ) can be eliminated by vaccination that gets immune cells to `` eat '' the garbage . 
  * for intracellular junk we need to introduce new enzymes , possibly enzymes from soil bacteria , that can degrade the junk ( lipofuscin ) that our own natural enzymes can not degrade . 
  * for mitochondrial mutations the plan is not to repair them but to prevent harm from the mutations by putting suitably modified copies of the mitochondrial genes into the cell nucleus by gene therapy . 
  the mitochondrial dna experiences a high degree of mutagenic damage because most free radicals are generated in the mitochondria . 
  a copy of the mitochondrial dna located in the nucleus will be better protected from free radicals , and there will be better dna repair when damage occurs . 
  all mitochondrial proteins would then be imported into the mitochondria . 
  * for cancer ( the most lethal consequence of mutations ) the strategy is to use gene therapy to delete the genes for telomerase and to eliminate telomerase-independent mechanisms of turning normal cells into `` immortal '' cancer cells . 
  to compensate for the loss of telomerase in stem cells we would introduce new stem cells every decade or so . 
  but these are just some possible paths . 
  if one of them does n't work out , we can always try something else . 
   if non-aging of mammals , amphibians or birds were possible without a major alteration to the organism , do n't you think of how much evolutional advantage would it give ? 
  a non-aging population would need 100 times fewer births to be sustainable . 
  uh , first of all , no . 
  populations of animals are mainly limited by the availability of food and the existence of predators . 
  for you to say that a non-aging population would need `` 100 times fewer births to be sustainable '' it seems you 're imagining that 99 out of 100 animals die from aging . 
  far from so . 
  and since evolution would need the reproduction mechanism * anyway * it 's easier to replace old organism than preserve them , much like it 's cheaper to replace an old tv than repair it . 
  genes ` care ' about preserving themselves , not about preserving the ` organism ' itself . 
  if all i cared about was the preservation of human genes rather than the preservation of human minds and the elimination of suffering , i would n't be interested in agelessness either . 
  secondly , you know what else would give a huge evolutionary advantage to animal species ? 
  if they could communicate instantly across many thousands of kilometers . 
  but wow , look at us , here we are communicating instantly across thousands of kilometers , and we did n't need to have major alterations to our organisms either . 
  you know what else could give huge advantage to land animals ? 
  if they could fly across oceans . 
  but wow hey , look at humanity , flying across oceans . 
  why did n't evolution provide us with internet and airplanes ? 
  well frankly they were beyond the ability of any single gene-cluster to create . 
  in the same ways beyond the ability of any single one of us are surgery , gene-therapies , 3d-printed organs , stem-cell research , and any other methods ( e.g. 
  we might use to defeat aging . 
   lastly , i do n't know why do you bring religion into the discussion . 
  you treat aging as an immutable law of nature rather than a mere genetic condition of our organisms , treatable like any other genetic condition . 
  and it 's only religion that does that -- treating aging as if it 's a law set down by god or a divine punishment or something . 
  whether actually religious , or a leftover from the religious elements in your society , that 's where the idea originates of treating aging as something that will ` never ' be cured , rather than a mere medical problem that we can fight against and eventually defeat like any other . 
   last update on the article is 2005 march 2016 , actually ... 
  aging is n't a magical thing unlike what religion and myth may have told you , it 's not even a `` law '' of nature . 
  it 's a set of specific complicated processes produced by evolution , all of them distanced from the underlying immutable laws of reality . 
  we knew we could n't transmute lead into gold via chemical processes once we knew enough to know what lead and gold and chemical processes are -- that lead and gold are elements and chemical processes only recombine elements into different molecules , they do n't change the elements themselves . 
  if reversing aging was impossible , that 'd be a * highly surprising * discovery . 
  for such to be the case , there 'd probably have to be new currently undiscovered laws of nature and you 'd need to bind them closely to the problem of aging , much like the discovery of transcendental numbers showed why it was impossible to square the circle , and einstein 's theory of relativity bound the speed of light/speed of causality ( c ) with the geometry of the cosmos . 
  but we 're pretty sure we know enough laws of nature to know that this problem is n't impossible , because aging happens at a distance from whatever physical laws still remain unknown . 
   it might as well take a millenium , two , or a thousand . 
  that we do n't know how long it will take to cure aging hardly means that all guesses are equally likely . 
  if humanity has n't managed to cure aging in 200 years , it 'll almost definitely be because humanity is extinct by then . 
   turns out i was wrong with this one . 
  the first person i know of to believe the problem of aging could be solved within their lifetime was n't in the 19th century , but as soon as 3rd century bce when this guy sent a thousand people to search for ` elixir of life ' . 
  he must have been pretty convinced if he did that . 
  so basically your sole argument about why humanity will supposedly never find a medical cure for aging is because the first emperor of china failed to find an elixir of life . 
  i wish you could listen to yourself and realize how much of a non-sequitur that is . 
  it 's as if you are telling us that modern technology will never achieve anything that ancient emperors failed at . 
  even as you are communicating to me from the other end of the earth . 
   my estimate is never . 
  i should n't need to prove this any more than you do obviously neither of us can ` prove ' anything about future technology , but saying ` never ' is an extreme prediction unless backed up by physical law like entropy or the light speed limit . 
   we have better software and faster computing . 
  but they still do n't enable us to stop animal testing in favor of computer simulation . 
  yes currently we are attempting to simulate worms : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/openworm mammals are still beyond our reach . 
  i do n't see what that 's supposed to show . 
   we were supposed to do that in the early nineteenth century , according to whom ? 
   which goes to show inventions like immortality tend to be a bit late . 
  my actual estimation is that we 'll probably have solved it in 50 years if human civilisation survives that long . 
  200 years is enough even if i 'm off by a factor of 4 . 
  but tell me what 's your estimation for when we 'll have cured aging . 
  if you say `` never '' you 'll have to justify that belief because there 's no physical law that prevents us from such unlike e.g ftl travel . 
   but no , samaras blocked it because he is a west-hating-russia-loving communist ... oh , wait . 
  as for russia-loving , samaras was the chief proponent of the orthodox arc ( the greece-serbia-russia alliance ) in the 1990s and it was when he was a foreign minister that we were inviting monsters like karadjic . 
  during his prime-ministership parts of the russian army were taking part in national military parades ( in limnos , alexandroupoli ) so yeah he was a russia lover . 
  as for west-hating he was the first to pretend when in the opposition that he would tear apart the memorandums , and speak about the europeans as if they were evil loansharks . 
  he was the one that begun that pretty little tactic where he pretends the eeevil europe is to blame for everything . 
  so yeah he was a west-hater . 
  and as for ` communist ' what does that have to do with anything . 
  it 's russian fascists and russian oligarchs that the greek establishment supports , not russian communists . 
  in the expected span of 200 years , we 'll have solved the medical problem of aging for sure .
