  so i support the right of the scots , the catalans , the basques , the quebecois , the chechens , the south sudanese , the kurds , etc , etc to secede from their nations -- i do n't support the right of the kosovars ( smokescreen for albanian imperialism ) , or the serbs of bosnia or krajna ( smokescreen for serbia 's imperialism ) , or the crimeans , or the transnistrians or the south ossetians or the abkhazians ( smokescreen for russian imperialism ) , or the sudetenlanders ( smokescreen for nazi germany imperialism ) . 
   not to mention the `` war '' in kosovo was n't going on for years but it started in 1998 it cranked up then , but the kla had started launching attacks in 1995 . 
  either way my point remains that nato intervened after the war had started for a long time , it did n't intervene in advance just for a supposed fear that the minority will be threatened in the future . 
   your reply does n't surprise me at all . 
  if the west does it it must be justified because it was done for a good reason . 
  i already said i opposed nato 's intervention in kosovo , if you keep pretending otherwise , i 'll have to start considering you dishonest in your discussion tactics . 
   not , he has already used hitler 's excuses and justifications to accomplish in crimea what hitler accomplished in sudetenland . 
   no he did n't . 
  yes he did . 
  the use of the words `` self-determination '' to argue that crimeans had the right to be annexed by a neighboring nation , was literally point 1 in the nazi manifesto . 
  look it up . 
  and of course once annexed , just like in nazi germany with sudetenland , the crimeans no longer have that right to `` self-determination '' , it 's actually a punishable crime to support self-determination for crimea * now * . 
   otherwise you could say nato used hitlers justifications to intervene in various countries - `` protecting ethnic minorities '' if it 's kosovo you 're thinking about , nato intervened in e.g. 
  kosovo after a war was actually raging between kosovar albanians and serbs for years . 
  an * actual * war where * actual * people were getting killed . 
  and of course nato and the other countries in the region had in mind the recent genocidal crimes of serbs in bosnia and did n't want a repeat . 
  russia on the other hand * caused * the war , just like hitler did , just because he wanted to grab the territory , and merely pretended crimeans or other ethnic russians were supposedly under threat . 
  just like hitler did . 
  had a * single * ethnic russian been hurt by ukrainians before the russian intervention ? 
  had ukraine hurt * any * minority in living memory ? 
  i opposed nato 's intervention in kosovo , because it did end supporting * albanian * imperialism , but the level of imperialist meddling displayed by nato there is nowhere near the level of direct blatant hitler-level aggression that russia displayed against ukraine . 
  i 'm not saying `` hitleric '' as an exaggeration , as a form of imperialism russian imperialism against ukraine is really closest to hitlerism than to all other known forms of imperialism . 
  i and most people are ideologically and ethically opposed to what hitler did , but putin is not , he has already used hitler 's excuses and justifications to accomplish in crimea what hitler accomplished in sudetenland . 
  genocide and/or ethnic cleansing is what his abkhaz , sudanese , bosnian serb allies did agaist other ethnicities . 
  it 's also the reason that neonazis in greece and most other countries ( except the ones he 's directly attacked like ukraine ) love putin . 
  the chief representative of current russian state ideology seems to be alexander dugin , a man who explicitly wants to establish a russian form of nazism , called `` national bolshevism '' . 
  ( that 's also the man , who the current foreign minister of always superfriendly-to-russia greece happily invited to do university lectures in a greek university ), 
  did truman 's america murder up to 50 % of the population in countries it was occupying in the first 30 years after the war , just as hitler was planning ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/generalplan_ost ) ? 
  the european nations could survive america and they managed to survive even soviet union . 
  they would n't have survived at all hitler 's control . 
  hitlers was n't just a `` nationalistic populist '' , he was a genocidal maniac and the leader of one of the most all-around evil ideologies ever created in the history of the world . 
  he 's rightfully considered one of the worst pieces of shit ever born . 
  even hitler only committed that level of atrocities you 're thinking about only after he was in total war against the west not during the time he was trying to appease it . 
  putin is currently hitler in 1938 , not yet hitler of 1945 . 
  in regards to ukraine and crimea putin 's supporters use word for word the excuses that hitler used when invading czechoslovakia to steal sudetenland . 
  it 's not a coincidence that neonazis around the world love putin as supposedly resisting to the ` zionists ' nor is it a coincidence that the russian separatists in ukraine were led by neonazi pavel gubarev and were calling the kiev government ` zionist zombies ' that he has supported every genocidal regime whether sudan or serbia indicates that he would hardly be ethically opposed to genocide himself if it becomes convenient . 
   by punishing the perpretators severe enough . 
  and how do they find the perpetrators , i 'll ask ? 
  the victims can point them out , you 'll say . 
  and nonetheless you oppose the idea of the victims leaving the refugee center in question , so you want the victim of the abuse to remain in the same refugee center as all the friends of the person they pointed out to the authorities . 
  so how many abuse victims do you think will be willing to name the perpetrators if they know they 'll still have to keep living with the friends and family of the perpetrators of the abuse ? 
  yours is definitely a recipe for letting the abused victims keep getting abused , nobody daring to name the perpetrators , and the victims not even having the possibility of escape . 
   in my opinion , the rule of law means that if someone breaks the law , a punishment follows and authorities make their best effort the perpetrator wont ever repeat that again . 
  do you think that everyone who breaks the law via illegal downloading gets punished ? 
  everyone who smokes marijuana perhaps ? 
   if the german authorities bothered to enforce the `` rule of law '' in this sense , gay people had no reason to leave refugee centers . 
  can you explain , step by step , how they 'd manage to enforce the rule of this law ? 
  cameras and microphones in every corridor and room ( including bathrooms ) of the refugee centers , an army of policemen monitoring those cameras constantly against any abuse ? 
   torrenting is a civil dispute , not a crime you do n't seem to understand the concept of illegal downloads being illegal . 
  i agree with you that harassment against gay people is a much much more `` serious '' crime . 
  so what ? 
  i already showed you that germany is not a country of `` rule of law '' , with or without refugees , according to your narrow definition of what it means to be a country of `` rule of law '' . 
  now your talk about protection of basic human rights is more to the point -- but you did n't actually make * that * argument , you were babbling only about the law and how the law is the law , and how somehow germany is no longer ruled by the law because of those refugees . 
  as i already showed , the rule of law never existed among germans either . 
  perhaps you meant the rule of anti-discrimination laws in particular , as opposed to the rule of anti-illegal downloading laws . 
   have the german authorities lost their ability to enforce the law ? 
  i 'm betting there are german citizens downloading and sharing pirated copies of games of thrones and other tv series right now . 
  so the answer is : the authorities never have the power to enforce all laws , and certainly not when the people do n't believe in the moral authority of those laws . 
   have the refugee centers become places where german law is n't in force ? 
  see illegal downloading and sharing . 
  all of the * world * is a place where the law is n't in force , pal . 
  has nothing at all to do with refugee centers in particular . 
  what * does * have to do with refugee centers in particular is anti-gay discrimination , not violation of `` german laws '' in general . 
  it 's quite likely those refugees are actually downloading game of thrones less often than the average german does . 
  pity that you do n't seem to care about protecting people 's lives in practice , you instead seem to think that making discrimination illegal will magically makes it not happen instead of understanding that it 's a long decade-long struggle that 's needed to produce a * culture * that opposes discrimination . 
  this happened last year , why post now ? 
  did n't ataturk ban the fez ? 
   i think broccoli is delicious . 
  brocolli is delicious to * you * . 
  if that 's your opinion , it 's a right opinion . 
  if your opinion is that brocolli is delicious to * everyone * , that 's a wrong opinion . 
  if you think that ` deliciousness ' is a property inherent to various foods , rather than a property of the interaction between people 's individual tastes and foods , that 's again a wrong opinion . 
  if my opinion were that brocolli is delicious to you , then whether that opinion is right or wrong depends on whether you were saying truly or falsely that you find brocolli delicious -- but it 's either one or the other . 
  opinions are right or wrong . 
  it 's preferences that are neither . 
  some people really confuse the concept of preferences with the concept of opinions . 
  yes , opinions can be wrong . 
  those opinions that do n't match with the facts are wrong . 
  those opinions that do match with the facts are right . 
   where half the population think the bible is literal their problem is that they believe the bible to be true , not that they believe it 's `` literal '' . 
  they 're absolutely correct in the bible being literal . 
   i think serbs live in a world not so different for them then it would be if nazis won . 
  the nazis had plans for the extermination of 50 % -100 % of the slav populations under their control ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/generalplan_ost ) , and that 's just in the first 30 years after their victory . 
  assuming serbs would be treated no differently than other slavic peoples , serbs would n't be in existence right now . 
  not all imperialisms are the same , and the nazi 's genocidal imperialism was worse than soviet communist imperialism which itself was worse than american capitalist imperialism is now . 
   i have n't seen putin kill over 1 million people you mean people only become fascists only after they 've killed over 1 million people ? 
   the russian federation as we have it is built upon both soviet and tsarist foundations . 
  is that your answer about why you do n't think russia is fascist ? 
  the obvious immediate followup question then , is why you seemingly believe it impossible for a fascist regime to be built on `` soviet and tsarist foundations '' ? 
  russia is fascist in pretty much every way that mussolini 's italy was fascist , from worship of one man as indisputable eternal leader of the state , to suppression of all political opposition , to ideological opposition to secular humanism , liberalism and western individualism , to using violent means to ensure private enterprises do n't act contrary to the interests of the state , etc , etc. . 
  i suggest you read mussolini 's manifesto of fascism and see how much of its ideology describes russia 's ideology : pretty much all of mussolini 's words describing his thoughts on italy could have been written by putin describing his thoughts on russia . 
  can you explain in what ways you think russia * is n't * fascist ? 
  guantanamo is in america 's control despite the wishes of the cuban government who consider the american presence illegal ( frankly i believe they are correct ) . 
  the ` perpetual lease ' had been signed by the previous regime which had indeed been an ally of america . 
  similarly the russian bases at sevastopol had been there with ukraine 's agreement . 
  now the russian bases are still there even though ukraine does n't want them anymore . 
  lol . 
  that 's hilarious . 
  sure i 'll check the internet , e.g. 
  wikipedia 's page on the csto and that page has an euler diagram i actually created myself ( as you can see in its history ) about which countries belong to the csto , to the cis , to the eurasian economic union , to guam , etc , etc.
