  leave the eu and have greece live off what it can produce itself ( i.e. 
  absolutely nothing , as it has only learned to live by exploiting european money ) . 
   you can believe in god and still be a '' `` realistic '' '' critical thinker \u2122 no , not really . 
   in the same time you say that it is ok to seize territory first and then just apologize and pay for it . 
  i never said it 's okay to seize territory first . 
  in fact i said that it 'd be acknowledge it was not okay , that it was a crime . 
  the crime has been done , it ca n't ever be undone , because no crime can be undone : it has happened already . 
  even if the territory was returned it would still be a crime that it was ever taken away in the first place . 
  how did you interpret all this to mean `` it is ok to seize territory first , and then just apologize and pay for it '' , when my post is very clear about russia apologizing and recognizing its past actions as crimes ? 
   i do n't see how your solution is better . 
  because ( a ) it gives many billions to ukraine , duh , in reparations for the crime committed against it , while your solutions offers absolutely nothing to ukraine , and ( b ) it has russia officially acknowledge its actions to have been crimes , for which it 's offering reparations , and ukraine acknowledges those reparations to be sufficient , which is the only way for the relationship of the two nations to start healing . 
  what does your solution offer to ukraine ? 
  nothing . 
  what does it offer to russia ? 
  everything . 
  yes , we 're all pretty sure the crimeans would want in their majority to be part of russia , same way that almost all the sudetenlanders welcomed annexation by nazi germany . 
  that 's not the question here , and an unfair referendum is not the main crime that russia committed . 
  what a russian leader that wanted to atone for its crimes against ukraine would so is offer reparations . 
  start negotiations with ukraine in which ( a ) russia recognizes its annexation of crimea was a crime , apologizes for it , and offers monetary reparation for this crime , which would be many billions obviously . 
  ( b ) ukraine will recognize crimea as russian from now on , provided that apology and those reparations . 
  ( c ) russia helps eliminate all the rebels in donbass which returns fully and absolutely under ukrainian control . 
  your solution on the other hand effectively argues that the only crime was that the referendum was n't internationally recognized , as if countries can change borders at will , by demanding referendum on every neighbouring region . 
  but that 's not functional . 
  turkey ca n't demand referendums on western thrace that belongs to greece , even though there 's a sizeable turkish minority there . 
  similarly nazi germany did n't have any right to demand referendum in the mostly german-populated sudetenland . 
  to do such leads to ethnic cleansing , because when local majorities determine the borders , you need to change the majorities . 
  that 's what happened in abkhazia , where 250,000 georgians were evicted , so that the remaining abkhazians could vote to separate ... that 's what caused the ethnic cleansing in bosnia , and ended up causing the serbs to be evicted from croatia . 
  if your local population thinks they can demand independence just because of their presence , the presence ends up eliminated ... russia itself forbids separatism by law , whether by refenderum or without , so forcing separatism on crimea ( whether via referendum or without it ) is itself a crime , and hypocritical as well ... 
  `` think it 's a lie '' indicates a  50 % confidence that they 're deliberately deceiving you with a falsehood . 
  and to move away from that you need `` undeniable '' proof ? 
  how about all the gradients in between , like e.g. 
  `` okay i still think them wrong but i can see how they might be honest if biased in the opinion they present '' `` they 're possibly right and this merits more investigation but they 're still probably wrong '' to `` they 're probably right '' before you reach `` they 're certainly right , it 's now undeniable , everyone who 's still denying it is just a liar '' ? 
   since this definition requires opposite sexes to be married and if it 's changed it will have impications to other laws you are not explaining why it would have implications to other laws . 
  give an example ? 
  introducing same-sex marriage is usually a removal of complications , as the state no longer needs to care about the gender of the partners , any more than their height or their hair color . 
  pretty sure nobody 's going to invalidate your election . 
  it 's your inalienable right to vote for puppets of russia , as you indeed did . 
   if two men can marry why ca n't i have two wife 's if they are ok with it removing a restriction ( on gender ) is far simpler than rewriting the marital privileges the law provides to recognize  1 spouses . 
  visitation rights on hospitals would be different when it 's one spouse visiting , vs when it 's 100 spouses visiting . 
  same with e.g. 
  immigration and residency right ( marrying 10,000 people and thus giving them the right to migrate to your own country ) moreover there 's more than one type of polymarriage -- do you have a `` primary wife '' and secondary ones , or are all spouses equal ? 
  if the former , what are the privileges of the primary vs the privileges of the secondary ones ? 
  * do * you need permission from each partner you 're already married to marry the next one ? 
  are your spouses considered to be married to each other too , or are they connected only via their marriages to you ? 
  if the former , can a single person belong to more than one distinct marital groups ? 
  your clause `` if they 're ok with it '' , is that some sort of formal statement they might make , or are informal statements okay ? 
  what is their involvement in the case of divorce ? 
  if you and one of your wifes die in an accident , does the second wife get automatic custody of the children you had with the other wife ? 
  removing gender restrictions on the other hand is as simple as can be . 
  the state no longer cares about the gender of the married partners . 
  this * removes * a complication ( identifying gender - how do we handle transgender and intersex folk ? 
  ) , does n't add one . 
  if you do n't want war , you should n't have been stealing your neighbours ' territories . 
  in reality , russia is already preparing for a war in which she reconquers eastern europe , starting from the baltics . 
  preparing for this war that russia seeks , is the only way that we can actually avert it from happening . 
  no , legitimately elected ukrainian parliament are who ousted ukrainian leader . 
  by contrast russian army invaded crimean parliament and installed their own crimean leader , a mafia boss who had only gotten 4 % in local elections . 
  just the consequences of communist ideology . 
  so when the egg of the one woman is implanted in the other , who then gives birth to the child , which one is the biological mother and which the adoptive mother ? 
   because they fear a second cold war . 
  lol . 
  no , they 're merely siding with russia . 
  these are the same people ( e.g. 
  kotzias ) who then supported the soviet union , who still bemoan the collapse of the soviet union , and who are talking about the cold war as ` the multipolar world ' whose return they want to see . 
  they do n't have * any * problem with the world being divided into opposing spheres of influence where imperialist powers will be controlling the nations in those spheres . 
  * that 's * why they treat the russia-ukrainian war as if it 's ( at best ) a war between west & russia or even a case of western aggression against what was supposedly rightfully russian territory !, 
  if they were truly antiimperialists and against spheres of influence they 'd be treating it as a case of russian aggression against the independent ukrainian nation . 
  but their cold war-attitude is what makes them treat it as nato-vs-russia . 
   there are neo-nazis on the ukrainian side there are neonazis in every nation * obviously * . 
  but the ukrainian neonazis are 7th party in the parliamentary elections , and took only 2 % in the presidential vote . 
  ( the corresponding numbers for greece are that the neonazis are 3rd party , and they get 8-10 % of the vote . ), 
  propaganda parroteted by the greek supposed ` leftists ' and anarchists is effectively that the neonazis are in * charge * in kiev -- while they completely ignore the actual neonazis that were * actually * in charge of the russian separatists ( e.g. 
  there 's a reason that the neonazis in greece support russia & bash ukraine -- and it 's because they * know * that it 's in the russian side that the neonazis are in actually leadership positions , while the neonazis have no real power in the ukrainian side . 
   both the nato and russia should keep their hands off georgia . 
  yes , but ( a ) nato was n't the one invading georgia , russia was ( b ) somehow it was only against nato that these people were protesting . 
  how would you feel about people who were shouting `` the british empire should keep its hands off poland '' just after hitler invaded it ? 
  there 's no progressive * anti- * european in greece . 
  the anti-european camp during the 2015 referendum ranged from lovers of brezhnev ( kke ) to lovers of castro ( syriza ) , to lovers of putin ( syriza/anel ) to lovers of adolf hitler ( golden dawn ) . 
  the only progressives in greece are pro-european . 
   the left-wing population of greece that is against the current status of the eu could n't give a crap about russia and its nationalistic delusions . 
  then why do the syriza meps keep voting in favour of russia in every eu parliament vote that concerns russia ? 
  seriously you can see that easily enough in votewatch.eu also leftist and supposedly ` anarchist ' ( in reality paragovernmental ) terrorist organizations like https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/conspiracy_of_fire_nuclei repeat verbatim in their declarations the kremlin position : according to them the only crime committed in ukraine was done by the west -- supposedly the kiev government are a bunch of neonazis installed by the us government in a coup . 
  no crime committed by the russians there or of course anywhere else . 
  it 's similar to how when russia invaded georgia , all the supposed leftists and ` anarchists ' were protesting with banners `` keep nato away from georgia '' !, 
   also , austerity that was attached with the bailouts did n't cause the reduction of income ? 
  where you would find the money for non-austerity , dumbass ? 
  either you seek to increase the pie ( bring in investments , with lower taxation , fewer hurdles and the like ) or you need to reduce the amount you eat ( austerity ) , or a mixture of both . 
  the greek governments have done their utmost to not do the former , to sabotage investments , and as such austerity is the only path that remains to them , as a matter of logical necessity , not as a matter of obligation -- greece does n't have the * money * for non-austerity . 
  ellinikon investments -- we are imagining a ` forest area ' where are only a handful of trees and bushes in order to sabotage it . 
  afanta rodou investment -- we imagined an ` archaeological area ' , larger than olympia , in order to sabotage it . 
  there are dozens such examples of directly blocked investments -- and if you add indirect bureacratic hurdles , the numbers goes to the hundreds or thousands . 
   `` attached with conditions that were basically reducing the income that the loans must get paid from by 25 % '' lol , see -- the bailout supposedly is what * caused * the reduction of income , eh ? 
  it 's not that the greek state no longer had any money . 
  it was n't that * greece * was bankrupt , that it was n't able to pay its very public servants . 
  supposedly the eeevil europeans * caused * this lack of money and this decrease in ` purchase power ' with their memorandum . 
  nope , us greeks are n't to blame at * all * , it was all the europeans . 
  if only the europeans were absent , we 'd have money . 
  / s  skyrocketing the unemployment the unemployment is skyrocketing because the greek government are deliberately sabotaging investments that could employ tens of thousands of people , while constantly increasing the taxation on private businesses . 
  these are n't instructions by the eu , they are the greek governments ' * choice * . 
  they * chose * to increase taxation rather than cut costs .
