  when this happened , he said , russia could no longer guarantee ukraine 's status as a state and could possibly intervene if pro-russian regions of the country appealed directly to moscow '' so fucking bullshit on this supposedly being caused by the `` democratically elected government being overthrown '' . 
  it was caused by the hitleric imperialists in moscow , already from 2013 demanding that ukraine obey moscow 's wishes , threatening to destroy it if it failed to obey moscow 's wishes , and then proceeding to attempt to carry out their threat . 
  yes , ukraine under its `` democratically elected goverment '' was threatened just like that by moscow . 
  nobody in ukraine or the eu is to blame for russia 's war aganist ukraine other than russia itself . 
  because russia was just carrying out the hitleric threat it had already made in 2013 far before any `` overthrow '' . 
  the religion-motivated mass-murderers in bosnia were the serbs actually , thus helpfully illustrating that though most religious extremists worldwide are muslims , in the balkans they 're predominantly orthodox christians instead . 
   it 's also tied to ez , seeming to aspire to be the best free market and smallest welfare state since the us . 
  smallest welfare state ? 
  who told you this , the communist party ? 
  other european countries have a better social welfare system than greece ( or any other country ) has now or ever had on its own , or would ever have if it decided to go it alone . 
  there 's a reason that all those immigrants are n't coming here for * greece * itself , but only seek to pass through to find the social benefits paradise of northern & western europe . 
  greece has the least capitalism , the least free market in the whole of the eu , what are you babbling about ? 
  an issue subtly hidden behind this all is the attempt of russia to assert religious primacy over the entire orthodox world . 
  the russian patriarchate is the biggest eastern orthodox church in the world , but traditionally is only fifth in rank of primacy after the four ancient patriarchates , first of which is of course the ( greek ) ecumenical patriarchate of constantinople -- and which has in the past come into conflict with moscow over attempts of moscow to assert control over churches in former soviet states ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_orthodox_church#under_patriarch_aleksey_ii_.281990.e2.80.932008.29 ) . 
  then you really think that one should be allowed to terrorize people with implied threats of imminent death , simply because they can use a religious slogan to do it with ? 
   so you think a buddhist should be banned for life for shouting ave maria ? 
  are we currently in war with an entity whose soldiers like to shout `` ave maria '' ? 
  did this guy shout `` god is great '' deliberately to scare people for the lolz of it , rather than some kind genuine religious sentiment ? 
  should people be penalized if they prank people with threats of terrorism , regardless of how implied they are ? 
   so it seems like i 'm the only one here who thinks that 's some sort of - ism ? 
  yes  i mean `` allahu akbar '' literally means `` allah is great ( est ) '' . 
  should they start arresting people shouting `` praise the lord ! '', 
  or reciting buddhist sutras ? 
  do you then think it a complete coincidence that he happened to shout `` allahu akbar '' rather than buddhist sutras , or he did it deliberately to trick people into thinking that he was a terrorist ? 
   but a life ban on entering the parliment building ? 
  really ? 
  he got off lightly , he should have also been given a hefty fine . 
  i do agree with what you 're saying , and i believe that honest beliefs should not be punished , no matter how ridiculous . 
  i think the german people think however is that such `` beliefs '' are usually deliberate lies designed to promote anti-jewish hatred rather than actually mistaken beliefs . 
  i 'd say that most of the time they 're correct . 
   they 're clearly not saying they 'll do it so you 're saying she disagrees with such a pogrom ? 
  she 's merely urgently warning the victims of a horrible crime that will happen against her desires , much like i would warn gay people to be quiet about it if they live in the islamic state , though i fully support gay rights ? 
  she fully supports the rights of jewish people but she 's afraid that other people will hurt them unjustly ? 
  or are you instead saying that she 's merely * advocating * and endorsing such a pogrom and would order it if she had the troops to do it , but her elderly fingers wo n't actually being the ones that will be pulling the triggers of the guns , or shoving people into ovens ? 
  if as another commentator has said she `` she has warned german jews there would be another pogrom ( not another holocaust because that one obviously did n't happen ) if they do n't stop interfering with german matters . 
  '' , that 's not just a ridiculous belief about events of the past that 's an implicit threat with mass-violence if her selected targets do not do as she wants . 
  are you telling me that in the usa if i tell you `` i 'm gon na kill you and your children if you do n't do what i say '' , that 's not a punishable offense ? 
  do n't you have anti-extortion laws ? 
   i must have missed the referendum in sudentenland . 
  oh , so that 's the only problem with hitler 's aggression against czechoslovakia , that he did n't bother with a mock referendum in the region he annexed after he militarily controlled it ? 
  do you seriously doubt that such a referendum would have passed easily in sudetenland if hitler had bothered with one ? 
  your arguments that referendums are a fine method to divide up countries and annex parts of them to neighbouring countries makes a mockery of national borders , and turns every single minority in neighbouring countries into a tool for conquest . 
  your recipe would mean an endless new sequence of wars where every minority that becomes a local majority would either trigger a border change , or cause an ethnic cleansing to avoid such . 
  ( in short : turkey conquers a bit of greece , greece conquers a bit of albania , albania conquers a bit of serbia , serbia conquers a bit of bosnia and croatia , hungary conquers a bit of romania , etc , etc ) . 
  nice consequences eh ? 
   `` but it 's interesting to see that you are not a democrat and reject the right of people for democratic self-determination '' russia rejects the right of people for democratic self-determination , you vile hypocrite . 
  it 's russia 's law , the law that you made even more strict in recent times , prevents even support for separatism in your regions , let alone the act for separatism . 
  you vile hypocrite , * i * for one support fully every region 's , every city 's , even every village 's right to self-determination , so long as this is n't a mere facade for a neighboring imperialism . 
  in short i support scotland 's right to independence and quebec 's right to independence , and basque country 's and catalonia 's and chechnya 's right to independence , but i do not support kosovo 's right to independence ( facade of albanian imperialism ) , nor the bosnia & krajna serb 's right to independence ( facade of serb imperialism ) nor the abkhazians , south ossetians , transnistrians , crimeans or donbass right to independence ( facade of russian imperialism ) . 
  and crimea 's annexation was exactly that : a facade for a neighboring imperialism , and you are using the `` right of people for democratic self-determination '' exactly as hitler used it , as a facade for your imperialism , as evidenced by the fact that no crimean is no longer allowed to even speak of separatism from mother russia or they face fines and jail sentences . 
  voting to join russia is an irrevocable choice it seems , and you care about democratic self-determination only when you want to tear apart your neighbors , not to apply to yourselves . 
  christians say that even satan can quote from the bible . 
  i say that even hitleric fascists can speak of `` democratic self-determination '' whenever it suits their purpose to tear apart and slaughter their neighbours in pursuit of their vainglorious nationalistic ambitions . 
  as indeed the first hitleric fascists did in germany ( `` self-determination '' for sudetenland being the 1st point in the nazi manifesto ) , so do the current hitleric fascists in russia . 
   so i take it you consider the crimean referendum and all the following polls showing that crimeans are mostly happy with being part of russia to be a fabrication by the russian government . 
  the people of sudetenland and austria were also quite happy to be part of hitler 's empire , so * no * . 
  by saying that putin 's actions were identical to hitler 's in regard to this , i 'm * not * saying that the people of crimea did n't want to be part of russia , same way that am i not saying that the people of sudetendland did n't want to be part of hitler 's third reich . 
  they did and they did . 
  you 're hitlerists , because just like hitler , you use that desire in order to grab the territory from the neighboring nation -- against any concept of national sovereignty . 
  but if this was * reversed * , if some region within your borders wanted to leave you , then you would put that down with violence . 
  the borders between the ukrainian and the russian nations were fucking established . 
  you had * agreed * to them . 
  you had never claimed that any region that wants to leave from each of those nations , must be allowed to leave them . 
  that 's not how national sovereignty works . 
  you seem quite ignorant of history in general ; and more specifically of what hitler did and was and argued . 
  your argument that crimeans are happy to be a part of russia , was * exactly * germany 's argument for it 's splitting of czechoslovakia , the sudetenlander 's `` right to self-determination '' was the fucking first point in the nazi party 's manifesto . 
  if anything you 're even worse than the german nazis in this , because they had at least * voiced * that they believed the whole germanic populations to be reunited , while putin pretended all this time that he believed in the national sovereignty of ukraine . 
  until came the time where such was inconvenient so you fucking tore it apart , you bloodthirsty villains . 
  so , yeah , that crimeans wanted to be a part of russia , and that you decided that in support of that `` right '' you supposedly had the right to go and annex that place -- but at the same time you forbid separatism for any region that you already control ( including crimea ) , that 's what makes you fucking evil hitlerists . 
  you violate every neighbor country 's sovereignty in the name of `` self-determination '' , but that 's just an excuse to violate their sovereignty . ', 
  when you have the majority on your side you use that , and when you do n't have the majority you create it ( see the russia-supported ethnic cleasing committed in abkhazia against the georgians . 
  how do we get a majority to vote for independence ? 
  simple , we expel 250,000 georgians from the land ) and when you neither have the majority nor can create it , then you just ignore the issue altogether ( see chechnya ) and just crush the independence . 
  if you support the right to self-determination then you need to support it consistently or else you 're just fucking imperialists . 
  and the reason you 're * hitleric * imperialists ( rather than communist imperialists or capitalist imperialists ) is because your imperialism keeps revolving not around ideological systems or economic control but , but around ethnicities . 
   that is a lie , and i hope you have something to back it up with . 
  oh fucking please . 
  he was made `` prime minister '' just because constitutionally he could n't serve a 3rd consecutive term as president , and so he put a puppet to keep his seat warm for him , while at the same time extending the term limits for presidency from 4 to 6 years . 
  who are you even attempting to kid that putin was n't the leader of russia and holding the strings all the time throughout ? 
  hitler won the elections too because of the support of the germans . 
  just like hitler with austria and czechoslovakia , putin forced the return of russian-speaking lands under his control , even if he had to destroy neighboring countries in order to do it , under the claim of `` self-determination '' . 
  like hitler this right self-determination never applies to areas within his empire that might want to secede . 
  those attempts he crushes . 
  just like hitler many of putin 's followers support him because they see in him an enemy of supposed anglo-american `` zionist '' plotting . 
  and putin is a president except when he 's a prime minister , and yet whether president or prime minister his position as leader of the russians is the same , which means that both positions are a sham and his true title is neither president nor prime minister but instead just leader ( fuhrer ) so basically putin is the spiritual successor of hitler , as seen by the fact that almost every neonazi group in europe loves and supports putin ( with the exception of the neonazis in the nations directly attacked by him like ukraine ) but hey if he 's not the successor of hitler you should explain to me why the neonazis love him so much . 
  putin as undisputed `` leader '' of his nation , regardless of whatever individual titles he has ( president , prime minister , whatever ) who will leave office only upon his death , regardless of whatever effectively undisputed elections occur , is vastly different in * kind * from merely having a `` conservative , right-wing government '' like e.g. 
  merkel 's government in germany or cameron 's government in uk . 
  merkel and cameron head conservative governments , putin is effectively trying to be a fuhrer . 
   all the legitimate rulers in lotr are appointed by god god did n't appoint elrond , or galadriel . 
  god did n't appoint samwise , who became democratically elected mayor seven times . 
  and we should remember aragorn 's primary actions as king , was actually to * limit * the reach of his kingdom , in favor of disadvantaged people . 
  he gave the druedain ( the wild men of the woods ) the lands they dwelled on , forbidding others to enter them . 
  we learn he did the same for the hobbits , forbidding big men to enter the shire too . 
  is the druedain leadership divinely appointed too ? 
  how about the hobbit leadership ? 
   orcs were actually based off turks that 's utter nonsense . 
  for starters tolkien wrote most of his life about the stories that were presented in the silmarillion , when the evil power of the world was based in the north . 
  dark lord morgoth was in the north , the angelic forces were based in the west , elves & men ` woke up ' in the east and both spread across the world in their journey westward . 
  the great drama occurs in the northwest of the world because ( watsonian reasons ) that 's where north meets west and ( doylish reasons ) because europe & britain specifically is at the northwest corner of the world ... that in lotr mordor is in the southeast , was an inevitable result of how he had shown a journey from the northwest to the northeast of his world during the hobbit , so mordor * had * to be in the southeast , in order to cross some territory he wanted to cross again ( e.g. 
  rivendell ) and end up in territory he had n't .
