  only 5 percent believed that a no vote would mean greece would exit the euro zone . '', 
  as you can see in the graphs , the majority of yes-voters ( including myself ) indeed thought that the vote would be about grexit , no-voters overwhelmingly did not think that . 
  if you 're going to label no-voters idiots for thinking that , that 's your call . 
  `` we first asked a randomly selected control group whether it would be better for greece to keep the euro or to introduce a national currency . 
  fully 78.5 percent chose the euro . 
  we then informed another group that experts said that staying in the euro would require a few more months of pension cuts and tax increases . 
  support for the euro dropped to 75.6 percent . 
  a final group was informed that staying in the euro would require 4-5 more years of austerity . 
  in this group , support for the euro dropped to 72.7 percent . '', 
   they knew that they were giving the finger to the eu , https://www.theguardian.com/business/2015/jun/29/greek-crisis-referendum-eurozone-vote-germany-france-italy yes , they certainly knew they were giving the `` finger '' to the eu , but at the same time their leaders were strongly arguing that they were n't giving it the boot . 
  `` tsipras urged greeks to vote no in the forthcoming referendum , saying the plebiscite would be a strong `` negotiating tool '' in talks with lenders '', 
   the more eu leaders meddled in the referendum debate , the more the people wanted a grexit . 
  nonsense . 
  the eu leaders `` did n't meddle '' in the referendum debate , there was hardly any `` referendum debate '' at all in the brief period between when the referendum was announced and it took place . 
  there was basically just the anti-eu crowd bashing the pro-eu crowd as traitors and fifth-columnists , and occasionally threatening to lynch us . 
   leaving aside the legal abortion that was the greek referendum , 61 % effectively wanted a grexit which was the implied outcome of `` no '' . 
  if we ignore the loud insistence by the government that nope , the `` no '' vote had nothing to do with a grexit , and that the `` yes '' voters who claimed it did were supposedly just lying propagandists . .  the way the eu treated greece last year , all the humiliation and gratuitous punishment of an entire country the eu never did anything to either `` humiliate '' nor `` punish '' greece . 
  greece on the other hand deliberately was attempting to blackmail eu into submission , to have eu give greece lots and lots of money for free , without any need for greece to ever repay them back . 
  btw , one does need to remember that the tsipras government in greece , is filled with lovers of russia , and that much of the harm they caused to the eu may have been deliberate in order to benefit russia . 
  yes the good choice is `` do n't support dictatorships , no , not even when they 're anti-communist dictatorships '' . 
  latin america & greece , both treated by america as places to install dictatorships at will , are equivalent to how eastern europe was treated by the soviets . 
  now eastern europe rightfully hates russians , and greece & lots of places in latin america rightfully hate america . 
  how nice that your `` pity '' for her death is only dependent on the complete and utter surrender of the bremain political forces . 
  bremainers should be murdered for their beliefs , and then be quiet about it , right ? 
  but as long as their side keeps fighting for what they believe , no need to regret their deaths , they deserve them . 
  / s cox would have been campaigning for bremain . 
  it 's perfectly appropriate to discuss her death in pursuit of the political goals she died in . 
  same way that it 's perfectly appropriate to discuss mlk 's death in pursuit of racial equality , lincoln 's death in pursuit of the abolition of slavery , etc , etc. ... 
  does this work only for cox , or should people also pretend that e.g. 
  mlk 's assassination never had anything to do with his politics ? 
  sometimes in political issues , both sides have murderers . 
  and some times , all the murderers are gathered on one side of the political divide . 
  most brexiters are n't racist neonazis , but all racist neonazis are brexiters . 
  that ought tell you something . 
  for different thing . 
  it was for the irish voters to decide whether the deal was shitty or not . 
  point is they got additional concessions then they voted again . 
  what 's the problem with that ? 
   deciding who may enter based on criminal history and intentions does not mean there is no freedom . 
  i assume you would be okay if some random person walked into your house and just took your food and decide to squat there a few months ? 
  i do n't support the freedom of random people to walk into my house . 
  i would oppose that particular freedom . 
  i would oppose a government that provided that particular freedom . 
  why ca n't you just admit that this particular freedom to walk into other nations is indeed given to eu citizens , and you simply * oppose * that particular freedom , and that 's indeed why you oppose the eu ? 
  instead you falsely pretend that the eu does n't provide additional freedoms to its citizens . 
   the eu had overturned several national referendums . 
  they have made countries vote again and again you have in mind two examples , denmark and ireland . 
  both countries renegotiated , and received opt-outs between first and second referendums . 
  that 's why denmark has n't adopted the euro , because the right to be excluded from the eurozone is one of the opt-outs it received . 
  ireland likewise received opt-outs from any eu common defense policy . 
  also the eu charter of fundamental rights is n't allowed to be interpreted as providing the freedom of irish citizens to have abortions . 
  as for `` forcing '' countries to vote again and again , how were these countries `` forced '' ? 
  how would they be forced ? 
  the countries decided to vote again . 
  ( perhaps you should have said that ireland and denmark are undemocratic to the core , it would have made better sense ) nobody made france or netherlands to vote again and again on the european constitution or norway to vote again and again on membership . 
  nobody will force you to vote again if you decide to leave either . 
  it 's about controlling who gets to live and work in the uk . 
  all my great grandparents and uncles sailed from the other side of the planet to defend britain and yet random people from europe with no job or skill can just walk into britain and leech . 
  right , you want to take away the freedom of `` random people from europe '' to walk into britain . 
  i think we 're agreed then about a freedom that the eu gives to its people , the freedom to walk into other eu countries . 
  you think this particular freedom to be a bad thing , i think that particular freedom to be a good thing , but we both agree that it 's a particular freedom that eu gives to its people , and that you want to take away . 
   `` do you also rage against unelected ministers in national governments . '', 
  my ministers are elected officials you understand that 's not the case with many other countries , including usa ? 
  do you consider the usa to be undemocratic because of that reason ? 
   the uk is a bottom up democracy . 
  dude , you still have a `` house of lords '' which includes hereditary peers . 
  there 's not a single hereditary member in any eu institution . 
  again you 're thinking of the eu when you speak about `` bottom up democracy '' . 
  the commission , the council , the eu parliament , are all either elected , or appointed by elected bodies . 
  there 's not a single hereditary official anywhere . 
  as for ` bureaucrats ' , yes it 's a bureaucracy . 
  you think uk is n't a bureaucracy ? 
   how ? 
  well for starters if you 're the citizen of an eu nation you are given the freedom to move and work across all eu nations . 
  that 's a pretty big one . 
  is n't that freedom which brexiters want to remove from e.g. 
  polish individuals ? 
  is n't the brexit in large part because of the desire to remove that freedom of polish citizens to live in britain , and the desire to send them back to poland ? 
   the eu commission is unelected they 're all elected or appointed by elected governments . 
  do you also rage against unelected ministers in national governments , even though they 're appointed by elected governments ? 
  firstly , `` eurofederalism '' supports the dissolutions of borders between * european * countries , so how can you blame `` eurofederalism '' for external immigrants from third-world nations ? 
  what does eurofederalism have to do with immigration from syria or pakistan or any other muslim country ? 
  i for one i 'm fully in support for free movement between eu countries , but i 'm much more ambivalent towards immigration from third nations . 
  ( i 'd suggest allowing completely free immigration to anyone willing to declare themselves atheist or gay , and would thus face prosecution in the countries they come from . ), 
  secondly , i said we should blame lies for all the crimes that people justify because those lies . 
  is there a `` muslim migrant '' who justifies his rapes and murders because of some eurofederalist ideology ? 
  did they say something like `` we kill and rape the people that stand in the way of the glorious eu federation '' ? 
  no , i 'm guessing they did n't . 
  thirdly , from a humanistic perspective , the location of * where * a crime occurs is n't that significant . 
  if these people were to commit an equal amount of murder and rape in their home countries , it may be unpleasant to you that they instead commit them * here * , but it 's not actually a worse crime than if they committed them * there * . 
  do you have a reason to believe that they would commit more crimes here than there ? 
  interesting , but the ` official site ' link in that page is n't functional , and i 'd like a bit more confirmation that it 's still an actual thing still in existence . 
  even if it is , i 'll probably wo n't bother taking the time to update the diagram yet . 
  it 's not very well known . 
  i 've actually wanted to include the european space agency , but it was frankly way to hard the make it fit if i wanted to keep them all rectangular shapes , it 'd probably have to be a multi-cornered thing to explicitly exclude some countries . 
  so i traded for elegance instead , and left it out . 
  i had already included 7 or so more groups than the preceding diagram did ... 
   the eu is an enemy of democracy and accountability . 
  the eu has supported democracy and accountability across the continent , which is exactly the reason that right-wing and left-wing fascists both hate it . 
  which is why putin hates it .
