   hence slavic macedonia and north macedonia were proposed by the greek side . 
  `` north macedonia '' was offered as a suggestion in 2010 , that 's 18 whole years after the dispute began . 
  `` slavic macedonia '' was the name that fyr macedonia was considering in the early 1990s , but that would be rejected by both the greek and the fyr-macedonian side . 
   but the naming dispute originates from the fall of yugoslavia , when that region had to find a name to distinguish it from the rest of the former union . 
  it was called `` democratic macedonia '' in 1944 , `` people 's republic of macedonia '' in 1945 and `` socialist republic of macedonia '' in 1966 . 
  the only thing that happened with the fall of yugoslavia , was that they became independent and dropped the `` socialist '' bit . 
  they did n't discover the name `` macedonia '' at * that * time . 
  if the greek people were able to prioritize and be reasonable about things , then they would n't be in the situation they are . 
   greece proposed the name northern macedonia but fyrom refused . 
  you 're forgetting to mention that this happened only after about 20 years during which greece refused any inclusion of the term `` macedonia '' or any derivatives thereof whatsoever . 
  in 1992 greek citizens ( members of a tiny communist party ) were even arrested , put in jail and dragged to court for suggesting we recognize fyr macedonia with the name `` slavic macedonia '' ( and also for suggesting that we greece should * not * ally itself with serbia in serbia 's imperialist wars ) http://kokkinometerizi.blogspot.gr/2012/01/20-2-1949.html, 
  yes . 
  your point being ? 
   if we did what you say , throw people in jail without a fair trial i never said they should be thrown in jail `` without a fair trial '' . 
  they should be thrown in jail with a fail trial . 
   mps should have an absolute and completely unrestricted right to free speech when in parliaments . 
  that 's a core of democracy . 
  i do n't know any core of democracy that says mps should be given more of a right to ` free speech ' than anyone else , or that they have more free speech in parliament than anywhere else . 
   we would be no better than golden dawn . 
  golden dawn wants to mass-murder everyone who has opposing views . 
  i 'm always fan of being * better * than the enemy -- in this case for example i want to merely jail golden dawn and deny them `` free speech '' in their advocacy of mass-murder , i do not want to mass-murder them . 
  good for schulz . 
  the racist gang of neonazi murderers should have all been thrown into jail long ago , but the greek establishment is doing its utmost to shield them from prosecution . 
  he 's part of a racist gang of murderers who 've committed organized murder . 
  not only should he be thrown out , he should be thrown into jail , like his entire gang of murdering thugs . 
   what are you talking about ? 
  you said `` if you do n't want to be financially responsible for a child , do n't have one , it 's as simple as that . 
  once the child is born , it becomes your responsibility '' . 
  the above is clearly implying that ( according to you ) women should n't be allowed to discharge the responsibility for the child they bore ( i.e. 
  by giving it up for adoption ) . 
  or are you saying that only men have this responsibility to the born child and women do n't ? 
  if so , can you explain your reasoning behind this ? 
   if you do n't want to be financially responsible for a child , do n't have one , it 's as simple as that . 
  once the child is born , it becomes your responsibility . 
  so you want to disallow women from putting up children for adoption ? 
  whether you 're pro or anti eu , any idiot can see that saying `` the european union needs reform '' means absolutely nothing if you do n't specify what reform it needs . 
  same way that voting for a politicians who promises `` change '' without specifying the sort of change they 're talking about . 
  perhaps you should one day form an actual response rather than use sarcasm to pretend you do . 
  the right to insult the flag/anthem should still exist same as the right to insult a leader . 
  if you are arguing it should n't , then actually make an argument . 
   anyway since you insisted i will indulge you one time . 
  i believe in a universal right to self determination . 
  so you support hitler 's annexation of sudetenland , but like a coward you do n't want to actually state it out right . 
  perhaps you 'll one day figure out why those of who have learned from the bad experience of hitler know not to accept the words `` self-determination '' when imperialist conquerors use them to justify their ambitions . 
  really , the biggest problem vladimir putin and his various allies face , is that every educated person in the world who has studied ww2 in the slightest knows to recognize his hitleric actions and excuses as hitleric actions and excuses . 
   you support the self determination of croats but refuse the self determination of serbs in croatia . 
  yes , the croats have the right to an independent nation . 
  the serbs already have an independent nation , it 's called `` serbia '' . 
  the borders between serbia and croatia had been well established and mutually recognized through all the time of yugoslavia . 
  if the nation of serbia wanted some territory from the nation of croatia , then it should * buy * it from croatia after peaceful negotiations . 
  perhaps one day you 'll understand that it 's they who respect people 's right to have a secure home is they who also oppose thieves attempts to violate those homes . 
  on the other hand thieves want their own homes secure but fail to respect other people 's homes . 
  you talk about `` self-determination '' but you 're arguing that any group of people can move to a part of some other country , and steal a part of it to annex it to a neighbouring one . 
  so for example , 10,000 isil members can just travel somewhere in france , and they should be given the right to have their neighbourhood made independent , right ? 
  btw , i also support the right to poland 's independence from germany , but refuse the right to `` independence '' of germans in czechoslovakia . 
  history has shown that the countries most eager to invade their nations in order to protect the ` self-determination ' of minorities , are paradoxically the countries most eager to brutally crush the self-determination of other nations . 
  actually ofcourse it 's not paradoxical at all . 
  it 's the old phrase about how `` good fences make good neighbours '' . 
  mutually-respected borders make for peaceful relations . 
   you support the self determination of bosnians but refuse the self determination of serbs in bosnia . 
  yes , same reasoning as above . 
  the yugoslav constitution itself recognized the right to independence for * all * the constituent republics . 
  as for `` serbs in bosnia '' , they expelled hundreds of thousands of other ethnicities from their homes in order to have their ethnically pure territories to ( attempt to ) annex to serbia . 
  that 's the direct consequence of people treating the `` right to self-determination '' as a justificable reason to tear countries apart -- ethnic cleansing and genocide , because every country that is n't ` ethnically pured ' will be divived up and destroyed . 
  do n't you * care * about those consequences , or is it those consequences what you 're truly after ? 
  what is your metaethical system if it 's not consequentialistic ? 
  what reasoning led you the the deontology of ` universal self-determination ' regardless of how nasty the consequences of such are ? 
   you use the same tired western propaganda points even tho serbia was found not guilty in the cases of both croatia and bosnia in front of the international court of justice . '', 
  i showed you how serbia was directly responsible and participating in the wars in croatia and bosnia . 
   you act like you do n't support the kosovo secession ( while in reality you keep on justifying it i 've been very clear on my stance in kosovo , and how i opposed it and for what reasons , which have been completely consistent : i support the right to independence for every nation , region , city or village , as long as it 's not a smokescreen for a neighbouring imperialism . 
  i opposed kosovo 's independence because it 's a smokescreen for albanian imperialism . 
  i 'm very fucking clear on that , but i expect slander from a supporter of hitler 's annexation of sudetenland , and putin 's annexation of crimea . 
  i think you 're obsessed with pretending i supported kosovo , because you are desperate to refuse the concept that i actually follow principles with reasoning behind them , and you instead need to portray me as some ` puppet of western propaganda ' . 
  i 'm reminding you that you still have n't responded on my question whether by your support of the `` universal right to self-determination '' you thereby support all three of the following : hitler 's annexation of sudetenland , kosovo 's secession from serbia , russia 's annexation of crimea . 
  on my part i 've been clear that i opposed all three ( though i find supporting kosovo 's secession much more acceptable than the other two because of serbia 's very recent crimes of aggression against her neighbours , while both czechoslovakia and ukraine were innocent of such ) . 
  still waiting on your response . 
   two different countries , different political rulers right sure . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serbia_in_the_yugoslav_wars `` the international criminal tribunal for the former yugoslavia ( icty ) concluded that krajina presidents milan babi\u0107 and milan marti\u0107 were cooperating with serbia 's president milo\u0161evi\u0107 who sent ammunition , financial assistance and the jna and serb paramilitary as back up during 1991 and 1992 in order to take over large chunks of croatia . '', 
  `` the icty established that belgrade was , through the 30th and 40th personnel centre , still supplying armies of krajina and republika srpska all until 1995 , despite international sanctions . 
  in the judgement , the judges ruled that members of the yugoslav army served under banners of military of serbian krajina ( svk ) and vrs , but received pensions , salaries , benefits and promotions directly from belgrade '' the war in bosnia and croatia was directly caused by milosevic 's ideology and goal of uniting all serbs in one serbian state , by stealing the territory from serbia 's neighbours . 
  whether or not it was responsible for individual war * crimes * , it was responsible for the unjust wars themselves . 
   either self determination is an universal right or it is n't . 
  if those are the two options , then it is n't a ` universal right ' -- it 's a conditional right that should be denied to those who would use it as a weapon of war and as an excuse to steal territory from their neighbors . 
   you saying you opposed it does n't change get the fact that you keep on justifying it . 
  i made my position clear about the extent to which i `` justify it '' and why those justifications are n't enough to actually justify nato 's actions in kosovo . 
  i also note that , unlike me , you have not made your position clear , either about russia 's annexation of crimea , nor about kosovo 's secession from serbia , nor about hitler 's annexation of sudetenland . 
  according to your view of `` self-determination '' , you actually support all three , right ? 
  please clarify whether you indeed do . 
  we know that nazi germany had n't created an atom bomb yet -- it 's a major * plot-point * of ww2 that america was the first to develop an atom bomb . 
  so making it an argument that nazi germany had n't used it is silly to the extreme . 
  speak about alternate realities where the european nations survive all you like , but we do know of the generalplan ost which necessitated the extermination of 50 % to 100 % of european nations under germany 's control , and that was just in the first 30 years . 
  you do n't have any actual reason to believe the plan would n't have been implemented . 
  you only have unjustified assumptions , opposed to * everything * we know of or can reasonably guess , that it all would have been no worse after a german victory than after what the allied/soviet victory . 
   nice racism/chauvinism there . 
  serbs in bosnia supposedly did something bad so the serbs in serbia were going to do something bad too because everyone knows they surely must be the same . 
  cute , but it has nothing to do with the genes of the serbian people . 
  it has to do with same regime ( milosevic 's serbia ) supporting a war in bosnia , then having a war in kosovo . 
   are you for or against self determination ? 
  i support every region 's , city 's or even village 's right to secede from its nation , except when it 's a smokescreen for a neighboring imperialism . 
  that 's because i want self-determination to have value in actual practice of letting people control their destiny , not merely to have the words ` self-determination ' be used as an excuse for every imperialist warmonger attack his neighbors to grab their territories ( like you seem you want ) .
