  oh wait , yes it is . 
  `` typical greek neo-liberal attitude '' when you 're speaking about the least `` neoliberal '' country in the whole of the european union ? 
  are you insane , or just so extreme a fascist that anything sort of full state control of every company is called `` neoliberal '' by you ? 
  the company has successfully fought off in court every environmental claim against it , while at the same time the usual alliance of far-right and far-left fascists harass the miners , bully the miners ' children at school , and even poured oil on miners and threatened to set them on fire . 
  and all because the far-left/far-right fascicst alliance really really hates western private investments . 
  if the same mines get given to some russian state company , magically all opposition to the mines will vanish away , because the whole opposition to the mines and the pseudo-ecological concerns are in reality just about russia-loving fascists wanting to drive away western investments , and using the usual means to do so . 
  now , the opposition to the company has finally driven it away . 
  big congrats !, 
  another thousand workers unemployed , let alone all the other unemployment that will be indirectly caused . 
  it seems that the fucking fascist wo n't be satisfied until every private company is closed , until everyone is forced to take government jobs ( to be paid for by european ` loans ' never to be repaid to the lenders ) . 
  so what actual evidence do you have that the russians are really so much more resistant than westerners to the media propaganda ? 
  because that 's not been my impression at all . 
  `` the russophiles were kicked from syriza back in august . '', 
  hardly . 
  kotzias for example , who invited russian fascist ideologues alexander dugin to give a university lecture , and who blames the ukrainian conflict completely on the west while completely justifying russia 's actions , is still the foreign minister of greece . 
  the whole of syriza are `` russophiles '' , the ones that left on august not particularly more so than the ones that remained behind . 
  so , no , syriza are still the complete puppets of russia . 
  `` it does not make intracom is suddenly a front for the russian government . '', 
  i did n't say it 's a front for the russian government , i said it 's a russian company , just like i said siemens is a german company . 
  by `` russian company '' , i meant company owned and controlled by russians , just as siemens is a company owned and controlled by germans . 
  not sure where the confusion is here . 
  ugh , the confusing meanings of `` conservative '' and `` liberal '' ... what about https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economic_liberalism ? 
  with a saner usage of words `` conservative '' would not normally be contrasted to `` liberal '' but rather to `` progressive '' , `` radical '' or `` reactionary '' , and it would n't indicate how you want the economy would be like if you did n't use the context of how it 's currently like . 
  if the current system is extremely statist , how can someone who wants to change all that be considered a `` conservative '' , while the supporters of the current system are not ? 
  supporting smaller taxation , wanting to reduce obstacles to private enterprise and investment , saying how the private sector is crucial for economic growth , etc. 
   intracom is n't a russia company since 2006 , majority-owned by russians . 
  originally founded and still directed by kokkalis , a former stasi agent . 
   second of all , why would i ( or anyone ) try and whitewash russia ? 
  that 's what the greek establishment constantly does . 
  both the parties in the current greek government ( syriza and anel ) and other parties too ( e.g. 
  the neonazis of `` golden dawn '' , lae ) are the total puppets of russia , do you need me to link a bazillion times where they 've voiced that the ukrainian conflict is the total fault of the west and only the west , and russia is never to be blamed at all neither for this nor for anything else ? 
  do you need me to point out that the current greek foreign minister had invited russian fascist ideologue alexander dugin to give a lecture to a greek university ? 
  do you need me to point out how the whole greek establishment , accepted kgb statements about the cia supposedly planning the assassination of kostas karamanlis as if it 's trustworthy gospel truth ? 
  do you need me to point out that greece was the only country where the majority of european parliament members voted against a declaration against russia 's behaviour ? 
  do you need me to point out that the greek government * bragged * about stopping harsher sanctions against russia ? 
  ( even it was lying about that , that it would brag about stopping sanctions against russia shows which side of the conflict it wants to portray itself as being on ) in `` power audit of eu-russia relations '' ecfr identified greece ( and cyprus ) as trojan horses of russia in europe ( http://www.ecfr.eu/publications/summary/a_power_audit_of_eu_russia_relations ) , and that was back in 2007 , under the center-right nd government of kostas karamanlis , not the more blatant russian stooge of syriza-anel which had its ministers literally bowing infront of gazprom ceos ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wty9ugfxvbg )  and has no influence in greece what 's so ever other than some tourists and our common orthodox faith . 
  ha ha ha . 
  moscow and brussels are the two geopolitical poles in europe . 
  since the end of the cold war , moscow attracts both the far-left and the far-right , while liberals and social democrats across european are attracted by brussels . 
  this is illustrated in greece by the governing pro-russia coalition which is formed by a far-left and far-right party , while liberal and social democrat parties are ( slightly ) more pro-european . 
   also , since when is intracom russian ? 
  since 2006 . 
  in the link you yourself gave : `` since june 2006 , intracom telecom is controlled by jsc sitronics ( russia ) with 51 % . '', 
  `` or did we forget siemens already ? '', 
  i 've only heard insinuations against mitsotakis about siemens and no evidence , certainly no proof . 
  and as a sidenote the scandal is in actuality siemens-intracom , not just `` siemens '' . 
  intracom is never mentioned and always omitted from discussions of this scandal , because intracom is a russian company while siemens is a german one . 
  the far-left hates mitsotakis because he 's fiscally liberal . 
  the far-right hates mitsotakis because he supports gay rights . 
  anti-westerners of all stripes hate mitsotakis because he 's a pro-west politician whose brother-in-law was murdered by the leftist anti-west terrorists of 17n . 
  he was the best choice of the 4 candidates , by far . 
  the far-left/far-right government is furious at finally having a pro-european liberal in the helm of opposition ( a liberal at the helm of nd has n't happened since early 1990s when this guy 's dad was prime minister , and one of the few periods of time where the greek economy was actually reducing its debt ) . 
  the government would have preferred tzitzikostas to lead nd , the guy who was softest among the 4 candidates towards the neo-nazis and most friendly towards russia . 
  instead they got mitsotakis , the guy who was most hostile towards the far-right ( he 's among the minority of members of nd who voted in favor of the cohabitation agreement for same-sex couples , and he has made clear statements that there 's no room in nd for the far-right ) , and the guy who was friendliest towards europe . 
  i 've seen people , including me , propose greater use of cameras . 
  others proposed mass arrests . 
  i 've not seen * you * propose anything . 
  and you are still not proposing any solution , are you ? 
  yes , cameras on every street corner would be quite good actually . 
   remember how the eu made a mockery of greek democracy ? 
  no , i do n't . 
  do you mean when greece tried to make a mockery of the democracies in other eu countries , by arguing that the greek public could vote on what other eu countries should do with * their * money ? 
  unfortunately for greece those countries were democracies too and could democratically say ` no ' . 
  and then when greece proceeded to make a mockery of its own democracy , by simply ignoring the results of the referendum that * it * had done , and which in any democratic nation would be binding to * greece * ( and not anyone else ) ? 
  so , no , it was n't eu that made a `` mockery '' of democracy back then , it was greece . 
  it was greece that was wronging eu , not vice versa . 
   what was the last time the us did something comparable against a nato member ? 
  when it was supporting the greek junta of the colonels between 1967 and 1974 . 
   russia does n't demand any subservience from serbia either . 
  you 're lucky russia does n't have a common border with serbia . 
  but you can see the demands and threats that it made towards e.g. 
  ukraine in http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/sep/22/ukraine-european-union-trade-russia back in 2013 when it effectively threatened to end ukraine 's existence if it dared sign the eu association agreement . 
  right now russia does n't have the ability to reach serbia to make similar threats . 
  be thankful for that . 
  ( plus russia would probably not mind having serbia in the eu and thus have a second trojan horse - in addition to greece ) . 
  lol , you do n't think that syriza is establishment ? 
  why , because they claim not to be ? 
  syriza was the most `` establishment '' party of them all -- the deepest and sickest part of the establishment that first got entrenched in greece in the years of andreas papandreou , assuming a new mask . 
  their official propaganda about the eeeevil europeans that are out to humiliate poor innocent greece , was the propaganda somewhat more softly played by all the media throughout all the years of nd and pasok . 
  their utter adoration of russia is a stronger copy of what was already happening in the years of nd and pasok ( greece was named a ` trojan horse of russia ' by ecfr already in 2007 ) . 
  syriza is the sickest parts of the greek establishment * entrenched * and * magnified * . 
  greek establishment says `` germans bad '' . 
  syriza is at the forefront of that . 
  greek establishment says `` russia good '' . 
  syriza is at the forefront of that . 
  greek establishment lets ` leftists ' burn athens to a crisp . 
  syriza is there to cheer them on . 
  greek establishment let the terrorists of 17n assassinate politicians and others for 30 years . 
  syriza was there to provide them legal counsel and support when they were eventually caught by their own blunder . 
  in short , fucking yes , not only syriza is `` establishment '' , syriza is the most establishment party of them all , the party that speaks the establishment ideology the loudest , and the party that commits the establishment violence the widest . 
   to legalise gay marriage . 
  it did n't legalise gay marriage . 
  it legalized a cohabitation pact . 
  see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/recognition_of_same-sex_unions_in_europe, 
   they may have been woefully naive there 's nothing naive about their leadership , they 're cynical fraudsters depending on the naivety of their voters . 
   but at least they were n't engaging in institutional corruption and fraud . 
  syriza was the * most * corrupt parts of the establishment , having inherited the most crooked bureaucratic and nepotistic portions of pasok , and adding to them the paramilitary violence and parasitic destructiveness of the pseudo - `` anarchist '' vandals and arsonists . 
  first good thing this government did in the whole year . 
   feels like you ca n't really blame syriza for greece 's plight at this point . 
  we can blame it for the part of greece 's plight that started or worsened only after they became government ( e.g.
