  you 're conflating similarities and references . 
  the names `` lannister '' & `` stark '' are ( not very hidden ) references . 
  that dothraki have similarities to the mongols does n't make them a * reference * to the mongols . 
  that the slaver cities have similarities to assyria , babylon and egypt does n't make them a reference to those places . 
   all of this has no relation to the war of the roses . 
  no , the stark-lannister conflict is a reference to the war of the roses . 
  the dothraki , dragon & ice zombie stuff are indeed not . 
  but the names lannister & stark are pretty much references to lancaster & york , not to any bit of lithuanian history . 
  i do n't think you get the point of `` uniform '' . 
  police officers are n't allowed to wear togas , or native american headdresses , or football caps either . 
  if they can display thei religious affiliation should they also be svle to display political affiliation ? 
  shall we have cops that proclaim themselves in dress socialists or libertarians ? 
   it was ludicrous seeing so called marxists , anarchists or just socialists backing the european union . 
  perhaps you missed the fact that marxists , anarchists and socialists are supposed to be * internationalists * , that they believe national barriers should be broken down . 
  when working-class brits want to leave the eu , because they do n't want working-class poles to have the same benefits as they do , do you think that * fits * with the phrase `` workers of the world , unite !, 
  yes , crimea was stolen by russia voluntarily , exactly like sudetenland was stolen by adolf hitler voluntarily . 
  so no , you fucking hitleric imperialist , you are not fooling anyone . 
  advocating for separatism in russia gets you sent to jail , by russia 's own laws and you dare fucking pretend to give a damn about anyone 's self-determination . 
  yes , crimeans wanted to join your prison state . 
  and if you russians were a civilised nation , rather than a bunch of nazi villains , you 'd have negotiated to buy crimea from ukraine rather than sending your goons to steal it and donbass too , killing thousands of ukrainians in the process . 
  i do n't remember them having special exemptions . 
   the eu said it would n't use money from the uk to prop up the euro . 
  it did it any way . 
  if that 's indeed the case , it does n't sound as the sort of thing that would strengthen support of the eu in great britain . 
  and , given the brexit , that kinda proves my point , and disproves yours . 
   then they become a weakness for the eu . 
  the strength of the eu is that everyone 's in it voluntarily , and nobody is forced to do anything that they have n't actually signed up for . 
   if you create an army what foe do you want to use it against ? 
  perhaps you 've noticed the big country in the east called ` russia '' , that every couple years is stealing territory from a new country ( first moldova , then georgia , then ukraine , with only a brief pause in the late 90s-early2000s while it was being busy with chechnya ) and has been making threats against various countries in eastern europe ? 
  it 's also very sad if you think that the eu should n't respect the promises it has made to countries , promises like that they wo n't be forced to be part of any defense mechanism . 
  ireland and denmark have exemptions to anything in regards to defense , this is very very clear , and saying stuff like `` the eu said all members will be in it '' is just trolling . 
  if you want us to `` admit '' something perhaps you should start actually providing arguments for that something , rather than merely be repeating the claim , and hope to tire us into submission . 
  greece for example is much more of an unofficial `` vassal state '' of russia than of the united states . 
  http://www.ecfr.eu/publications/summary/a_power_audit_of_eu_russia_relations named greece a trojan horse of russia in the eu . 
  what is your argument ? 
  you really have an obsession with thinking that everyone who is n't owned by putin 's gang must be owned by america , right ? 
  well i do n't see see american tanks threatening me or any other european at the moment . 
  i do see russian tanks dismembering ukraine , and georgia and moldova , and threatening poland , and romania and the baltics . 
  i 'll consider the actual real military threat first . 
  either france or germany leaving the eu would effectively be the dissolution of the eu . 
  uk has always been a fringe nation in the european project , never committing to it , but france & germany have been at the core of the project from the start , it 's no longer a european union without both of them in it . 
   it 's no less likely for europe to conflict with russia with the eu than it is as individual nation states , and yet i see russia has so far only dared to invade countries that were not part of the eu ( moldova , georgia , ukraine ) . 
  you think it a coincidence ? 
  you think that russia is really * exactly * as likely to invade an eu nation as a non-eu one , that it would n't hesitate even a tiny bit further ? 
   any talk about how ` france should not be a puppet of russia ' should be interpreted as ` france should remain a puppet of america ' . 
  and i suppose that during ww2 , people saw opposition to nazi germany as an act of obedience to the british empire ... first of all , the world is n't divided among the puppets of russia and the puppets of the united states . 
  like it or not , there are actual people who support national independence , and people who also support the internationalist voluntary cooperation of nations . 
  secondly , right now the european union , and european unity in general , stands as an obstacle to russian military aggression against europe . 
  russia puppets everywhere want to dissolve the european union , so that it 's one less obstacle in their path of invading and reconquering the eastern european countries they once controlled . 
  it 's not america that 's threatening to invade european countries nowadays , it 's * russia * . 
  ( america 's imperialism is these days generally directed against middle-eastern nations instead ) . 
  it 's russia that 's occupied parts of three nations ( georgia , moldova , ukraine ), 
  we 're definitely going to * suspect * assassination , yes . 
  sometimes the suspicion will be wrong but , when russia has made a habit of assassinating critics , we 'd be frigging idiots if we did n't atleast suspect it . 
  for russia , the murder of dissidents is by now an established industry , not something that putin has to sign off individually , or something done only against people that really scare putin . 
  islamists do n't have to be scared of individual atheists either to murder them . 
  they murder them to send a message , that atheism is not allowed . 
  same with russia 's murder of dissidents . 
  they murder dissidents to show that dissent is not allowed . 
  since none of the russia-lovers would actually disapprove of any murder , or any amount of murders , what does the russian establishment have to lose ? 
  hell , half of the russia-lovers love russia * because * of how it murders dissidents . 
  they adore macho putin for how he 's `` strong '' in this way . 
  so , they `` believe in god '' but they do n't think he has anything to do with physical reality ? 
  so they supposedly `` believe in '' god , but they do n't believe he created the universe or earth or humanity , nor that he has a plan with humanity , nor that he has ever communicated with humanity . 
  all those things would be * explanations * about facets of physical reality , after all . 
  what exactly do these people supposedly believe about god ? 
  what polls do you have that the vast majority of self-proclaimed christians , muslims , etc do n't actually believe in the existence of god ? 
  and that this was supposedly true throughout history ? 
  yes , a person who openly proclaim that he values his religion only as part of his cultural heritage , and states that this religion offers no `` literal '' fact ( neither about the existence of god , nor about the existence of afterlife , nor even about morality and what is a good way to live ) , is free to be both religious ( for that value of ` religious ' ) and scientific . 
  but if you need to defang religion so much , to make it compatible with science , that itself proves how incompatible they are in their natural states . 
  yes , you can fit a square peg in a round hole , if you first carve away all the squareness of the square . 
   so then you support also the requirement for women to wear a niqab in saudi arabia ? 
  first of all , i would n't call the enforcement of the niqab in saudi arabia to hitler either . 
  secondly , i support the democratic right of the saudi arabian people to have laws ( including about appropriate clothing in public , including niqab ) by a democratically elected government , that can likewise be protested against democratically . 
  since however the saudi arabian people do not actually have a democratically elected government , pretty much all their laws are tyrannical . 
  right now i do n't support `` any '' requirement in saudi arabia , about anything . 
  thirdly , i see the ban on islamic dress in france , in the context that france is suffering frequent islamic attacks , and in the context of how these groups of people would like to * force * islamic dress on anyone , and in the context of how muslims women even in the west who ` westernize ' suffer the threat of death . 
  in the absence of such terrorist attacks , i 'd probably oppose all clothing regulations , even as i support the right of nations to democratically choose to have them . 
  if the french are passing laws because french people do n't like muslims , and if that 's a good analogy for what the nazis did to the jews , then the french are * being * nazis , not `` rolling over for them '' . 
  but perhaps , you know , a better analogy for the nazis is , you know , islamists . 
  and perhaps a better analogy for what the french are doing , is e.g. 
  the way that kemal ataturk banned the fez . 
  exactly . 
  hitler wanted to segregate by attire . 
  he wanted `` outsiders '' ( jews ) to not be dress like other germans . 
  this is the opposite to what france is doing , where it wants muslims to dress like other frenchmen . 
  religions make `` faith '' into a virtue , while the essence of science is that it 's a virtue to not have faith -- to test hypotheses , to be willing to abandon a new theory for a better one when better evidence comes to light . 
  in this manner religions ( at least all religion that treat `` faith '' as a virtue ) are the enemies of science . 
  if any ` religion ' was true , scientific evidence would support it , and we 'd believe in god , in angels , and so forth , in the same way that we believe in gravity or in the existence of the planet jupiter -- we would n't need to have `` faith '' in the existence of gravity or the planer jupiter , we believe they exist because they * actually * do . 
   even today there are tons of religious scientists irrelevant . 
  when did hitler ban attire ? 
  do you have a specific example ? 
  the hitler thing to do is ` protecting your culture ' by murdering everyone different . 
   you , as a greek , can definitely see the effects the eu has had on your country , right ? 
  well , let 's see the 3 greek prime ministers who were most ruinous for the greek economy since we joined the eu : - andreas papandreou , of pasok , a ussr-lover who 's election campaign slogan was the `` eu and nato being the same crime-syndicate '' . 
  - kostas karamanlis , the 2nd , of new democracy . 
  during his prime-ministership , ecfr described greece as acting as russia 's trojan horse inside the eu . 
  after his prime-ministership , russian secret services decided to give him a boost in prestige by proclaiming that they supposedly discovered america wanted to assassinate him . 
  - alexis tsipras , of syriza . 
  hater of the eu , who blames the eu on everything , lover of putin .
