  but it 's only with nato nations that russia has been able to have normal relations !, 
  it 's only with * non * - nato countries , which it has chopped up , and which it military occupies parts of them ( georgia , moldova , ukraine ) . 
  so when all of its neighbours belong to nato , then russia will be able to have normal relations with its neighbours . 
   ideally , ukraine and russia . 
  ideally the wolf would be able to lie peacefully with the lamb , and ideally russia would a peaceful country that accepted the borders of its neighbours . 
   it 's possible , we also have greece and turkey . 
  it did n't have the soviet union though , and that was what nato defended against . 
  anyone can `` apply for membership '' , whether the countries in nato will accept this membership is the issue . 
  nato currently contains some russian puppets ( e.g. 
  greece ) that are certain to block ukraine 's membership . 
  you can choose to remain ignorant and mock those who are\u00f1 ` t , or you can choose to see reality for what it is . 
  it 's not my conclusion alone , google `` a power audit of eu-russia relations . '', 
  by the european council of foreign relations . 
  at this stage , the tsipras government in greece is effectively a branch of the kremlin . 
  and if you 've not studied how samaras and karamanlis came into power in their parties and what they did once they so achieved it , it 's time you did so . 
  or are you just rejecting the whole idea that a national leader may be owned by a foreign power ? 
  if so , gerhard schr\u00f6der of germany and gazprom ought serve as an already known example of a russia lackey in the helm of a european government . 
   you did by not even mentioning serbian crimes in kosovo so by not mentioning serbian crimes in kosovo , i somehow ` justified ' them ? 
  cute . 
  so let me mention them now : serbia committed many atrocities in kosovo . 
  is that enough ? 
  i 'm guessing not , because that 's just a smokescreen you 're throwing here . 
  your problem is n't that i do n't bash the serbs itself , your problem is that i bash the kla imperialists . 
   the kla was a non-factor in 1990 well , yeah , as i said it was founded in 1991 . 
   the unquestioned leader at the time was ibrahim rugova , whose policy was one of non-violence and independence - not unification with albania - which is why he was honored by the european parliament with the sakharov prize , it was not rugova but the kla that caused the kosovo war . 
  so i agree with you that rugova was n't an imperialist -- and he likewise did n't cause the kosovo war . 
  kla did and they very clearly were imperialists . 
  when the war in kosovo ended , many of them moved to try to grab territory from the republic of macedonia as well -- and the republic of macedonia had committed no crimes against albanians or anyone else . 
   there 's reports from amnesty international , human rights watch , the european parliament , us congress , even un resolutions about these crimes . 
  there 's also reports about kla 's crimes , e.g. 
  http://www.balkaninsight.com/en/article/kosovo-liberation-army-organ-trafficking-report http://www.dw.de/compelling-evidence-for-kosovo-liberation-army-crimes/a-17820407 i think your constant problem is that you believe a war needs have a good side and an evil side , a side which is on the right and a side which is on the wrong . 
  sometimes wars just have two evil sides , both on the wrong . 
   and how does that justify horrible crimes against albanians committed systematically by the serbian state ? 
  i never said it justified serb crimes against the albanians . 
  you 're despicable for pretending that i did . 
   what does holding a referendum in 1991 have to do with `` albanian imperialism '' if the motivation by kla for the independence of kosovo was that they wanted to make albania larger by grabbing a piece of yugoslavia , that 's a bit * different * than if they were seeking independence in their desperation to escape `` horrendous systemic human rights abuses '' . 
   are you honestly claiming serbia did not commit horrendous , systemis human rights abuses crowned with ethnic cleansing during 1997-99 ? 
  where did you get that supposed claim from my post ? 
   are you honestly claiming that wanting independence and self-determination after suffering horrific crimes at the hands of a criminal state `` albanian imperialism '' ? 
  nice try , but by all accounts the serb crimes against the albanians came only * after * the initiation of the war by the albanian imperialists . 
  the kla was formed in 1991 . 
  1991 was also the years when the referendum for kosovo 's independence took place . 
  kosovo albanians seeking independence from serbia had started from even further back in the 1980s ( and itself helped cause the rise of serb nationalism ) . 
  this was even before the * bosnian * wars -- it just that the kosovo movement for independence had no support from the west back then -- it only gained such , after the serbs and milosevic in particular had made themselves hated worldwide because of their own imperialist aggression and genocides in * bosnia * . 
   but what could have russia done you are n't really listening , are you ? 
  i told you what it could have done `` if e.g. 
  russia wants crimea from ukraine , then russia should have negotiated to buy crimea from ukraine . '', 
  but evil militarist imperialists like russia obviously do n't want to buy what they are fully capable of * stealing * . 
   croatia and bosnia claimed independence with large serbian minorities and decided their own borders without asking the serbs living there . 
  croatia and bosnia did n't `` decide their own borders '' , they used the internal borders of yugoslavia , the borders they already had as federal republics of yugoslavia . 
   borders could have been redrawn according to ethnicity . 
  it 's the method of the redrawing that is the crime -- if serbia and bosnia had peacefully agreed to redraw their borders , there would be nothing to blame . 
  likewise if e.g. 
  hungary and serbia decided to redraw their borders ( there 's a big hungarian minority i see in northern serbia ) if hungary had decided to arm the local hungarian population in northern serbia in a bid for * their * independence , i would be blaming hungarian imperialism too , same way i blame albanian imperialism for kosovo and serb ( and secondarily croat ) imperialism for the bosnian war . 
  would you be * okay * with hungarians in northern serbia resorting to an armed struggle to achieve their independence from serbia ? 
  i would n't be . 
  if e.g. 
  russia wants crimea from ukraine , then russia should have negotiated to * buy * crimea from ukraine . 
  if we 're talking about a ethnicity without an established national state ( e.g. 
  the scots , the basques , the kurds , so forth ) , then i 'm in favour of allowing referendums in support of independence . 
  turn every minority into a tool for changing borders , and you incentivize ethnic cleansing -- see how 250,000 georgians were expelled from abkhazia just so abkhazians could then ` decide ' to leave georgia . 
   you were talking about what happened before , when the debt was created the greek economy 's collapse did n't happen 70 years ago , nor even 40 years ago !, 
  it was primarily caused by kostas karamanlis ( the 2nd ) !, 
  and the root causes of it have been planted many years ago , from the time of andreas papandreou in the 1980s ( who created the parasitic soviet-style bureaucratic nomenklatura of greece ) and yes , both andreas papandreou and kostas karamanlis have been moscow 's puppets , doing the maximum possible under each of their given circumstances to subjugate greece to moscow . 
  samaras followed on their footsteps ( except more covertly so , because he needed eu money in order to hurt the eu 's economy ) and tsipras follows on their footsteps , except more openly so . 
  these are all tactical differences towards the same strategic goal of getting greece to be subjugated by moscow , and harming eu 's unity in the process . 
   karamanlis actually wanted to build a pipeline with bulgaria , but who do you think shut it down ? 
  that russian-owned pipeline which karamanlis wanted would be giving only 1 % of the profits to the greek public finances , did you know that -- they were presenting this as 24.5 % , but 23.5 % of that would be going to a russian-greek owned private company !!, 
  the russia-loving neonazis of golden dawn also loved that pipeline , explicitly because it would encourage russia to place troops in greece for the supposed ` protection ' of that pipeline !, 
  so basically that pipeline was greece gifting territory to russia for * essentially nothing * , just so we could serve our russian masters the best . 
  and it was * bulgaria * that shut down that project , if i remember correctly , mainly for environmental reasons . 
   a fascist conference held in st. petersburg does not denote that russia is fascist . 
  do you think it 's a coincidence that pretty much every fascist party in europe explicitly and vocally supports putin and russia , and opposes the eu ? 
   for fucks sake we have golden dawn in our fucking parliament , maybe you will call us nazis too ? 
  we are the most nazi-phile nation in the european union , certainly , but that 's a * consequence * of the russian-owned greek political establishment supporting and sheltering the russia-loving nazis , same way that they support and shelter the russia-loving far-leftist thugs . 
  it 's moscow that is the current geopolitical center of nazism and far-leftism alike after the end of the cold war , much like berlin was the geopolitical center of nazism up to the end of ww2 . 
  the west should never have supported kosovo 's independence , as said independence struggle was a product of albanian imperialism similar to what russian imperialism is doing in ukraine , ( and similar to what serbia did in bosnia and croatia ) . 
  when countries want to shift their preexisting borders , they should peacefully negotiate to * buy * the territory they want from each other . 
  the only excuse the west has in this , was that its support for kosovo 's independence was a de facto response to serbia 's own brutal imperialism against both croatia and bosnia ; whereas ukraine has committed no sins remotely similar . 
  but it 's still a weak excuse . 
   you mean the western-imposed junta we had after the greek civil war of ' 49 ? 
  all the western-supported fascists during the cold war are supporting and being supported by russia now . 
  the current russia-loving neonazis of ` golden dawn ' are ideologically connected to the usa-loving greek junta which was itself connected to the security brigades of the german nazi occupiers . 
  you keep wanting to forget that ideologies and geopolitical poles have * shifted * . 
  after the end of the cold war , it 's * russia * not america that chiefly supports right-wing fascism across europe . 
   especially when you talk about fascist russians while our great northern benefactors almost annihilated europe some 70 years ago , i can not take you seriously , sorry . 
  perhaps you should study the crucial differences in the geopolitical situation between 70 years ago and today . 
  currently it 's moscow , not berlin that is the supporter and is supported by all the far-right fascist parties in europe . 
  see https://euobserver.com/political/128108 http://www.vocativ.com/world/russia/putin-ukraine-neo-nazi/ http://www.interpretermag.com/what-does-the-fascist-conference-in-st-petersburg-tell-us-about-contemporary-russia/, 
  tsipras is a vile fascist , and a supporter of tyrants and murderers , both local ones ( see how his party prepares to free leftist terrorists of 17n , see how his party supported all the arsonists that burned down athens some years back ) and on a global scale ( see his fanatical support for fascist dictatorships like russia and china , and his hatred for every democratic country ) . 
  not a single european cent should be heading to prop up tsipras ' far-right/far-left and russian-owned government . 
  money europe gives to greece will just prolong and make more severe the greek bankruptcy that will happen * anyway * before long , as tsipras ( and all other russian agents like karamanlis and samaras ) would * never * deliberately do anything to actually make healthy the greek economy -- their purposes have been to deliberately destroy it * exactly * because they need that to happen to sell off greece to russia . 
  tsipras 's role is now just trying that he can make the financial and political repercussions to the rest of europe as severe as possible -- that 's the role that seems to have been assigned to him by the kremlin which above all things wants to destroy the eu . 
   your agricultural exports to russia where meaningless , while greece farmers suffered this year because of the embargos how much of greece farming exports do you think goes to russia ? 
  the figure that i heard was 1.5 % , and only a specific farm sectors ( like peach-producers ) had significant proportion of the exports heading to russia . 
   if russia will bring investments and money into greece , i will welcome them . 
  it 's the russian-owned governments of greece that have produced greece 's bankruptcy in the first place , by sabotaging every local and western investment -- exactly because the russians want to buy the whole of greece for a loaf of bread . 
  look at how the local coal industry was shut down because the russia-owned karamanlis/samaras/tsipras wanted us to buy expensive russian gas at prices 30 % over the average european prices . 
  look at how the gold mines in northern greece are being * violently * stopped from working because of the mixed ( russia-allied ) far-left and far-right gangs who oppose their functioning as long as they 're operated by a canadian company . 
  once they 're owned by russian interests , all protests against this operation will magically go away .
