  and in every case there 's a cost-benefit evaluation that needs be made . 
  it 'd depend on other things with how big the group is that murders and oppresses , how big the group that gets oppressed into doing these things , how big the group that enjoys same things voluntarily without harm . 
  do n't confuse specific customs with moral superiority . 
  which foodstuff is banned is just custom , not something that our culture decided upon after careful moral consideration . 
  pigs can be at least as intelligent as dogs . 
  if there was a group who murdered women for * not * wearing bikinis , like there are groups who murder women for not wearing burqas , i might support you in this . 
  i 'm sure there must be nudist beaches where bikinis are indeed banned . 
  and allowing burqinis is pandering to the islamist terrorists . 
   why ? 
  i just do n't see what benefits banning something like this has . 
  do you understand the benefit of having ages of consent , and the justification for those ? 
  or the benefit of banning sexual relationships between officers and subordinates in the military ? 
  the idea is that some people will try to coerce or pressure other people of doing things they may not want to do . 
  burqas and burqinis are one of the things , that a certain group of people is forcing another group of people to wear . 
  it 's impossible to figure out who is being forced , coerced or pressured into wearing these things , but we know there are lots and lots of people . 
  so we ban it , the same way we ban sexual relationship with subordinates in the military , same way we ban sex with people under a certain age . 
  is it perfect ? 
  some women might honestly prefer to wear a burqa or a burqini even without pressure or coercion . 
  but it has its justification , that such a ban helps protect those who do n't . 
  you 've posted the same comment so many times . 
  fix your first two goddamn links already which are pointing to the same image . 
   if no then how would one differentiate between these surfing suits and a burkini ? 
  how did * you * differentiate them enough to call them `` surfing suits '' rather than burkinis ? 
   so , simitis was good at economics ? 
  in comparison to andreas papandreou , and kostas karamanlis the 2nd , and alexis tsipras , yes , much better than all of them . 
  http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/will-united-russia-become-a-fascist-party.aspx?pageid=438&amp;n=will-united-russia-become-a-fascist-party-2008-04-15  in his 1992 article `` left nationalism , '' dugin defended fascism as not having anything to do with extreme nationalism . 
  it was , according to dugin , `` by no means the racist and chauvinist aspects of national socialism that determined the nature of its ideology . '' the `` excesses of this ideology in germany are a matter exclusively of the germans , '' explains dugin , `` while russian fascism is a combination of natural national conservatism with a passionate desire for true changes . ''  [ ... ]  he presented himself as a follower of the `` third way '' and called national socialism `` the fullest and most total realization '' of the third way . 
   [ ... ]  in his 1997 article `` fascism -- borderless and red , '' dugin hailed the arrival in russia of a `` genuine , true , radically revolutionary and consistent , fascist fascism . '' further affirmative phrases can be found in dugin 's numerous other writings on russian and international fascism . 
   why do you call him a fascist ? 
  well for starters because he openly advocates for a new `` genuine , true , radically revolutionary and consistent , fascist fascism '' . 
  it 's not as if he 's hiding his fascism , alexander dugin openly proclaims it . 
  frankly almost the whole greek political establishment is in the pocket of russia , and you can never hear a greek politician ever say anything remotely negative about russia at all , when instead they bash the west for * everything * . 
  the current greek foreign minister invited the russian fascist alexander dugin for lectures , and the current greek prime minister was standing by the side of putin in a press conference , as putin was speaking threats against fellow nato members like romania . 
  the russia-loving is bitterly ironic because of course the greek prime ministers who are most responsible for bringing greece to the state that it is , were in fact the most pro-moscow ones of them all ( andreas papandreou , kostas karamanlis the 2nd , now alexis tsipras ) , while the pro-western prime ministers ( e.g. 
  mitsotakis , simitis ) were much better where the economy was concerned . 
   well if it does n't happen in france , why would it have to be reacted to in france ? 
  honor killings have happened in france also , you fucking bozo , by the fucking islamist pigs who think their womenfolk are too `` westernized '' . 
   that accomplishes nothnig except unreasonably limit the choice of women who thought they would move to a country where they are free to live their lives for a change . 
  oh , right the `` choice of women '' is what burqinis are supposedly about , and not islamist murderer pigs who want to oppress their women , supposedly . 
  well , frankly the western world is n't required to accept the bullshit excuses of islamist murderer pigs . 
  the burqas and the burqinis are not about women 's choice , they 're meant to oppress women , and us sane ones are n't actually obliged to pretend otherwise , unlike the appeasers of the islamist murderers . 
  nothing to do with the islamic state specifically , it has to do with all the islamist murderer pigs who oppress women , and who would murder them if they dared go on a beach without a burqini . 
  but , hey , it 's not the french state that is doing the killing and the oppressing , so what the fuck do you care about the victims of such , right ? 
  are these attires forced by any significant group on any other group ? 
  if not , then they should n't be banned . 
  if yes , they should indeed be banned , as otherwise you 'd be enabling this coercion . 
  the reason the burqas and burkinis should be banned , is because a group of islamist murderer pigs is * forcing * them on women . 
  perhaps after the whole of the islamist murderer pigs have themselves been killed , and there 's not a hint of islamist tyranny anywhere in the globe , then we can consider reallowing them ( in case anyone anywhere actually likes wearing the things without coercion ) . 
  in theory , you 're right , in practice it seems that allowing them to `` dress however they want '' enables tyrants that force them to dress in one particular manner , and which want to force all women to dress in one particular manner . 
  so in theory you 're right , in practice you 're horribly wrong . 
  it 's so very cute how you represent countries fleeing to nato because they fear russia , an an aggressive expansion of nato . 
  the countries in question stayed right where they are in their internationally recognized borders . 
  it 's russia that has been invading and tearing apart every country that does n't have nato 's protection , first moldova , then georgia , then ukraine . 
  a brief period of peace between moldova and georgia was because russia was busy with chechnya , and once that was done , the stretch of annexations and invasion began again . 
  nato 's decision about kosovo ( a ) was wrong ( b ) came after many years of serb-kosovo warfare ( c ) came after serbia 's own imperialist aggression against its neighbours , bosnia and croatia , earlier in the decade . 
  the proper parallel with crimea is actually hitler 's annexation of sudetenland , tearing apart a peaceful country that never harmed anyone because of his imperialist ambitions and justifying it with some principle of self-determination when hitler/putin actually brutally forbids separatism from his own soil . 
  and yes the sudetenlanders were happy to be annexed by hitler too . 
  if you want to justify the annexation of crimea , think very carefully if you want to justify the annexation of sudetenland by hitler too . 
  one-leader rule , to the point that he controls the whole apparatus of the state without checks and balances : check . 
  effectively one-party rule : check militarism : check . 
  ideological opposition to social liberalism : check . 
  allowing private enterprise only to the extent they are directed by the state to the state 's agenda : check . 
  treating everyone who disagrees with russia 's wars as a traitor : check . 
  murdering opposition and journalists : check . 
  setting up false-flag attacks to justify wars of aggression against neighbours ( see ryazan incident where russian agents where caught red handed planting explosives as part of the supposedly chechen apatment bombings ) : check . 
  do please explain in what way russia is n't fascist . 
  and after you explain that , please explain why all the neonazis ans other fascists across europe love it so much . 
  what a coincidence that one of the leaders of the brexiter loves fascist russia . 
  like all the leaders of brexit have been loving fascist russia . 
  such a fucking coincidence again . 
  right , she mentioned brussels and has an eu flag , but you bozos are going to pretend that 's not what she meant , because which anti-euer ever cared about the fucking truth ever , anyway . 
  if you wear clothes that hide every part of you except your genitals you 'll still be arrested for public indecency even though you are not naked . 
  if you wear transparent clothes , likewise . 
  european countries forbidding the public display of women 's nipples or the genitals or the anus is n't different in kind to saudi arabia forbidding the display of women 's hair , or qatar forbidding the display of knees or shoulders . 
  or are you gon na tell me qatar does n't have a dress code either ? 
  so it 's not a `` public dress code '' if you are forced to cover up parts of the body , but it 's a public dress code if you are forced to not cover them ? 
  i do n't think you are consistent in this . 
   i should also be free to walk naked but that 's a different topic . 
  i think it 's the exact same topic actually . 
  countries have public dressing codes . 
  well i do n't know where you live , but try leaving home wearing nothing but a hat next time . 
  i 'm betting you 'll get arrested for `` public indecency '' or some such , pretty much anywhere , except as i said , clothing-optional beaches . 
  reasonably sure in germany it 's also illegal to wear clothes with nazi symbols . 
  the reason is that they associate burkinis with islamism , and islamism has been recently murdering lots and lots of people in france . 
  some european countries outlaw nazi symbols because nazis killed lots and lots of people , and if islamists keep killing people , islamist symbols are gon na get outlawed too . 
   should we have a public dress code do n't most countries have a public dress code everywhere except in clothing-optional beaches ? 
  all the haters of the eu were simply lying about hating it for its lack of democracy , or whatever , which is evidenced by how much they adore putin . 
  in regards to brexit , putin 's agents had a crucial role to play , as the ally of corbyn and putin 's agent , seumas milne , ensured that labour would n't actually do anything to vocally oppose brexit . 
  so , yeah , the brexiters have been the unwitting pawns of putin , ( except for those ones who were the knowing pawns ) . 
   yea , that 's the unthinkable i mentioned in the op . 
  why be coy about it ? 
  we 're trying to communicate here . 
  that 's what they said about brexit , too . 
  that having been said , i do n't think trump will win . 
  but it 's not impossible . 
   you do n't actually think i 'm even remotely persuaded by the arguments of the pro-apk nutjobs on this board , right ? 
  what i think is that you utterly , blatantly , failed to answer all of my questions . 
  what did turkey do * now * that it deserves sanctions , when it previously did n't ? 
  somehow erdogan did n't deserve sanctions when he was allied with the islamist gulenist mob against the secularists , but he deserves sanctions now when he 's allied with the secularists against the islamist gulen ? 
   every time one of you posts on reddit , the rest of reddit hates your country a little bit more .
