  my country is greece , not turkey . 
   all you do is make your country look like a fucking laughing stock . 
  my country is indeed a fucking laughing stock , but that country is greece , not turkey . 
  and do you think that by badmouthing me , nobody will notice that you 've not actually answered the simple question of `` what did turkey do to deserve sanctions * now * when it did n't previously '' ? 
  you are such a lover of democracy , that you want sanction on turkey for ... purging the coupists ? 
  purging the islamist fascists of gulen ? 
  what exactly has turkey done * now * that it deserves sanctions , if you did n't care about previous purges of actual secularists , or about its occupation of northern cyprus or whatever ? 
  perhaps usa deserves sanctions for sheltering gulen . 
  when afghanistan was sheltering osama bin laden , we rightly bombed afghanistan into submission , should n't we act the same towards those who shelter gulen ? 
  the coup killed 200 people , and collapsed because the popular opposition to it would have meant it would have needed to have killed tens of thousands instead . 
  how weak an attempt you think that is , when many coups around the world are completely bloodless instead ? 
   is there any evidence the coup was orchestrated by gulen ? 
  i 'm not well informed enough in regards to that , but it seems to me that regardless of specific evidence that when members of al qaeda attack the twin towers , the natural assumption is that it was orchestrated by al qaeda 's leader , osama bin laden . 
  similarly when members of the gulen group do a coup , the natural assumption should be that it must have been orchestrated by their leader , gulen ... 
   so the purge is a good thing then ? 
  the purge of the gulenists is indeed a good thing . 
   will it lead to more secularism and a stronger democracy ? 
  by itself ? 
  probably not . 
  the purging of the gulenists is a necessary but not sufficient condition for secularism and a stronger democracy . 
  saying that racism exist and that racism is bad , does n't explain how the `` black lives matter '' movement fights against it , and why therefore it 's necessary or good . 
  having a movement that * says * it 's fighting racism does n't actually automatically fight racism . 
  having a movement that says `` black lives matter '' does n't automatically help black lives matter . 
  it seems to * me * that this specific movement only reacts when black people are killed by white people , and not when black people are killed by other black people , so if anything it seems to be actually making the opposite point than the one it 's claiming : `` black lives matter , but only when they are ended by whites '' . 
  have they ever protested about black people killed by other black people ? 
  or do n't black lives matter then ? 
  that it was created after the death of trayvon martin by zimmerman is also a point against it . 
  that had been a case of clear self-defense , where zimmerman shot martin while martin was beating him bloody , and therefore zimmerman was rightly acquitted of wrongdoing . 
  as a greek i 'm saying you are a moron and worthy of all of my downvote . 
  gulen is an islamist . 
  the purges are primarily against islamists that follow gulen . 
  your bullshit `` murders all his secular opposition '' . 
  you should at least bother to learn who the fucking sides of the conflict are you fucking bozo . 
  gulen is n't the secular opposition , he 's the islamist opposition with which erdogan was once allied and is now opposed . 
  the main difference the way i perceive it is that gulen is a cleric , so he and his followers taking control of turkey would be islamism taking direct control of the state , much like mullah omar leading the taliban , or ayattolah homeini leading iran . 
  on the other hand erdogan is merely an ultraconservative islamist politician , much like many republicans in america are ultraconservative christianist politicians . 
  from a secular perspective this makes erdogan much better than gulen . 
  you guys think you can just claim erdogan planned it and everyone should take it as a given , same as in other forums it 's taken for granted that the ` jews ' planned 9/11 ? 
  can you list all such incidents , that we may judge their legitimacy ourselves ? 
  eg i want to know whether you 've considered germany 's denazification . 
  in what a confused manner you use words . 
  you are dismayed at the eu nations being disunited in their approach , and therefore you oppose giving power to their union . 
  you are dismayed at how individual nations each did their own thing , so you decide that they should indeed each do their own thing rather than give power to a common entity to act on their behalf ... 
  `` and , somehow , they were worried about civilian casualties while helicopter gunships were firing into crowds in istanbul . '', 
  even i who believe the coup was genuine , definitely believe that the coup was worried about civilian casualties ( and that was fundamentally what led to its defeat , that it would have to commit mass murder of civilians on a mass scale once the crowds moved against them ) . 
  perhaps you should also consider the fact that the participants of a coup are n't a single hive mind , and if a single gunship pilot was willing to fire into crowds , does n't mean that a different jet fighter pilot would be willing to shoot down an airliner . 
  we 're supposed to believe that was your reason for voting to leave the eu ? 
  that you wanted the eu to show more cooperation and leadership ? 
  seriously , we 're supposed to believe that ? 
   i do n't know anyone under 60 who would even jokingly advocate it . 
  your personal circle of acquaintances may not be representative of the whole population . 
   yes , because a ` joke ' said by him yesterday caused joe cox to be murdered several weeks ago ? 
  currently alive nazis are n't what caused the holocaust either . 
  the nazis that lived back then is what caused the holocaust . 
  but nonetheless nazis caused the holocaust , and people like this asshole are what caused the joe cox murder . 
   things like this simply do not happen in the uk which is why it is so shocking . 
  except that they obviously do happen , and your denial of reality is your problem , not mine . 
  your focus on my nationality is again more evidence of your racism . 
  instead of caring about what sort of politics people advocate ( as i do ) , you care about their ethnicity . 
  well , no . 
  just no . 
   to blame it on brexit campaigners i 'm blaming on those brexit campaigners which urge that bremainers be murdered for their views . 
  you know , like this specific ukip councillor here . 
  that 's like saying nazis are insensitive towards jewish people given the holocaust tragedy . 
  these people * caused * the tragedy . 
  if the people purged are indeed gulenists , then their purge will actually help turkey 's secularism . 
  we need remember that gulenists are themselves islamists , if is it indeed them who are being removed ( rather than kemalists ) , then the percentage of secularists in government will increase . 
   imagine what kind of a hopeless state it should be if a military coup looks quite more promising for an outsider than a `` democratically elected gov ` t ... '' oh , it 's not as if military coups were n't favoured by bloody westerners time and again throughout the cold war . 
  what makes you think that those `` outsiders '' give a damn about democracy at all ? 
  throughout the cold war we had imperialists in the west supporting military coups against any leftist because of the supposed threat of communist takeover , supposedly to defend democracy . 
  of course communists only ever took over via revolution when there was already a dictatorship in place . 
  in short they never actually succeeded to overthrow a democracy . 
  now we still have imperialist in the west supporting military coups against the supposed thread of islamist takeover , again supposedly to defend democracy . 
  of course again islamist dictatorships seem have only ever been installed in countries that previously had secular dictatorships ( the shah , qadaffi , saddam , assad ) , again they 've never actually managed to overthrow a democracy . 
  in my own country of greece , tsipras is the worst prime minister we 've ever had . 
  he 's a lackey to russia , i believe him and his pals to be * deliberately * doing his utmost to destroy what remains of greece 's economy , as a service to bosses they have in moscow . 
  i despise him nonetheless he 's democratically elected , and if a fucking coup tried to overthrow him , then i just hope i 'll be brave enough to go to streets protesting against that coup and in support of his legitimacy , just as the brave people of turkey were . 
   this was either the worst planned coup d'\u00e9tat in history i only see people saying this after the fact of its failure . 
  i do n't remember anyone saying `` wait , it 's not happening in 5 am ? 
  erdogan is n't already captured ? 
  internet is not shut down ? 
  then it must be a false flag operation . '', 
  while those things were actually happening . 
  after the fact of its failure , every flaw that would have been forgotten with its success , becomes evidence of conspiracy ... 
  i 'm not convinced . 
   portugal if you 're referring to the carnation revolution , that coup , alongside popular support , * overthrew * an established dictatorship of four decades , it did n't happen against the mere threat of one . 
  they were fine with islamist iran , as it mostly hated the west . 
  they were fine with islamist hamas , as it mostly hated western-ally israel . 
  russia is fine with islamism , and indeed allies with it , whenever that particular brand of islamism attacks primarily the west . 
  if thousands of people participated in something they believed to be a real coup , then it was a real attempt at a coup by * them * , even if they were tricked into it by higher-ups . 
  can you explain whether you believe * all * the thousands participants in the coup attempt to have known they were staging a fake coup , including the soldiers that were killed ? 
   if you really believe that democracy won today , you are just dumb . 
  if you think democracy would have won with a military coup , you are even dumber . 
  it never , ever , ever has . 
  so , you 're claiming that erdogan did a fake coup in order to be able to purge all his own most loyal people from the military who were obeying his orders in doing this coup , and thus leave in the army only the people who were n't loyal to him and thus did n't participate in the coup against erdogan as he ordered them to ? 
   anyone that was supporting a democratically elected leader can now really question themselves . 
  does a democratically elected leader have unilateral indefinite power to remove from position judges and other public officials ? 
  anyone that was supporting the coup should better well question themselves , whether the military would have removed fewer people from their positions . 
  frankly if you were supporting the coup , you should bloody well stop pretending you care about democracy at all . 
  perhaps you care about ` secularism ' , but not about demcoracy .
