  which is funny , because i can see the same group delusion in regards to new atheists who also think they got it figured out . 
  look , faith is a matter of belief . 
  either you believe in god or you do n't ( or you sit on the fence , like the agnostics ) . 
  that 's it . 
  and if i decide to build a whole identity ( which is false - i 'm not that limited ) around values of goodness and charity , who are you to judge me ? 
  edit : fixing typos . 
  well , i had a good , balanced education , i suppose . 
  that helped me quite a bit . 
  but i get your point . 
  some folks did not managed to establish a good balance between religion and secularism . 
   in short , they are anti-rational that 's funny , i can be both religious and rational . 
  they 're not mutually exclusive . 
  ( looks at sithrak 's flair ) oh . 
  i know he 's quoting him , but he should ultimately elaborate on the point . 
  i 'm catholic . 
  nowadays , in the western world , i 've seen a lot more damage ( long-term damage ) being caused by bad economic and political policies ( and the tribal 1 % and their divide and conquer schemes ) than by christianity . 
  christianity is finally leaving the secular sphere ( at least in terms of bad things that have been done ) , so , there are other dangers arising . 
  a more unequal world , plenty of sexism still around ( which does n't come solely from religion ) . 
  so , honestly , with or without religion , shit will still happen and make most of us miserable or partly miserable . 
  so , a little bit of hope and goodness is still needed . 
   sure , it feels good and gives comfort and hope but so does , well , opium . 
  and feeling good and feeling hopeful is bad because ... ? 
   it should be the iberian union !, 
  fuck no !, 
  besides , voting for spain tends to be an inconsistent thing , especially in recent years . 
  not sure if joking or not ( yes , i know , that album is cool , but come on , no self-respecting composer would write `` e como o macaco gosta de banana '' ) . 
   interiour are you feeling a bit french today ? 
  * unemplyoment still around 14 % / 13 . something %, 
  thank you for giving a balanced summary of the situation . 
  it 's sad that both sides say stupid things . 
  can you link me to czechsphere ? 
  you 're welcome . 
   and speaking of bacalhau , i 'd like to thank norway for respecting the way our codfish is prepared . 
  may our trade continue for a long time . 
  tell that to those who suffered under us-backed dictatorships ( e.g. 
  brazil and chile ) . 
  most of south america still resents the us government for it . 
  i meant a general you . 
  others who are better informed will point to you those on whose shoulders the responsabilities lie . 
   i am in favour of intervening in critical situations within neighbouring countries , just as america has done in south america . 
  because that has worked so well . 
  thank you . 
  you 're welcome , 
  if you do n't create new jobs and adjust the economic sectors in order to give those who lost their jobs due to automation , robotics and programming some alternative jobs , you will actually prove the luddites right . 
  nobody thanks portugal ? 
  really ? 
  i know [ we 're a worthless shit rectangle ] ( https://i.imgur.com/bpxf5tv.png ) nowadays , but dammit , we gave new worlds to the world . 
  we started to travel and build an empire long before the spanish did . 
  we gave fine wine , fado music , eus\u00e9bio and c. ronaldo , fernando pessoa ... not even you , britain ? 
  have you forgotten the oldest alliance still in activity ( we 'll thank you for that ) ? 
  have you forgotten the immigrants who came from our land , france and switzerland ( we 'll thank you for that and your cheese ) ? 
  ( sigh ) / rantover edit : i skimmed through this whole thread . 
  hence the rant . 
  yes and no . 
  yes - current governments ( including the government of my country ) have been fairly condescending and unwilling to help or mediate , by standing firmly on the side of germany . 
  no - mostly the common people and some highly educated folks , who have already understood that there 's only so much punishment a soldier can take before rebelling/hitting back against his general or the army in general ( to use a metaphor here ) . 
  just my two $ cents . 
  at least some football clubs can provide some sense of actual identity ( e.g. 
  the club of your city/town/neighbourhood ) and belonging . 
  political ideologies do n't even have that . 
  g-brics sounds better . 
  like some old-school rapper 's name . 
  i 'd leave the bunga-bunga parties out of the argument ( unless you 're talking about politicians engaged in it ) . 
  that being said , nice post . 
  and , honestly , not all people work in an office with air conditioning . 
  some offices do n't have air conditioning , and some people still have to work in the fields . 
  amateurs !, 
  add the balkan countries to your list of guesses . 
  indeed . 
  [ glad we have something that is better . 
  portuguese and english ( fluent ) . 
  can understand some basic french ( though it 's mostly forgotten , since i do n't use it often ) . 
  been considering learning icelandic . 
  portuguese is missing . 
  nah , they had quite the ups and downs throughout history ( and let 's not forget the sino-soviet split ) . 
  apart from the fact that greece is not a catholic country , it 's fairly spot on . 
  the usury and poverty diminshed a bit , though . 
  hey , do n't put the work by nabokov with that twi-style book in the same sentence , man ... 
  they have n't forgotten about us . 
  [ they 're just playing ... ] ( https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-mdc3q-24nwq/u2achwtunfi/aaaaaaaaqte/5pfsl21jchs/s1600/mind-games.gif ), 
  austria , belgium and netherlands , what have you done , you naughty boys ( and girl - hetalia reference ) ? 
  imo , it was him ( the marqu\u00eas ) and d. john ii . 
  nah , he died when he was 24 . 
  he should 've known better by that point . 
  i 'd rather prefer he did n't came back . 
  dude was incompetent and suicidal . 
  inb4 savannajeff / jk, 
  i have n't gone there nor heard much of it , so i do n't have an opinion on it . 
  i see . 
  thank you for answering it . 
  ok , i 've done it ( it was in automatic ( delayed ) mode ) . 
  thank you very much !, 
  done . 
  thanks . 
  i see . 
  thank you . 
  `` the burglar has stolen a purse . 
  i trust the burglar to return the purse and do the right thing '' . 
  make it two portuguese guys . 
  question to anyone : i have chrome installed ( due to a previous emergency where firefox was n't working ) , but i do n't use it .
