  they simply wanted to start a public debate about animal welfare by forcing people to face what we 're doing . 
  they 're being hypocritical because they want to point out a bad/flawed practice , yet fail to perceive their own fault in their action ( or , perhaps to be more precise , the consequences of the action in regards to the cause ) . 
  maybe i 'm just an old-school guy when it came to using methods to start debates and support causes . 
   it 's a public service channel belonging to dr , funded entirely by tax money . 
  at least there 's that . 
  though i 'm not sure all citizens are on board with it . 
   i definitely think it 's worth it to kill an animal humanely and then eat it to start a debate , yes . 
  so , we 're back at the ends to justify the means method . 
  i have lots of problems with that method , for reasons i 'm not gon na elaborate here . 
  i still stand that they 're being hypocritical . 
  and if they 're not , others ( not necessarily them ) will end up raising the stakes to push the subject matter closer to the limelight and in greater intensity . 
  that seems to be the path that a few animal rights groups inevitable end up taking . 
  which means we will have to agree to disagree on the methods , then ( regardless of being supposedly humane or not , and who the target of the direct action is ) . 
   their sense of fatality . 
  it 's one of the few things some of us portuguese folks share with them . 
  besides the phonetic similarities , for some weird reason . 
  well , let me ask you this : is the danish radio non-profit based ? 
  or is it designed to generate some profit or sponsoring from private entities ? 
  let me ask you another thing : when an organization wants to get into a debate against a dominant organization and engages in the same acts , do you think is it worth it to kill someone or something who was not even part of the whole process that the dominant organization practiced ? 
   what i 'm objecting to is hypocrisy . 
      if you 're a vegan hermit living an entirely sustainable life in a cabin somewhere , then sure , you can complain about people killing a rabbit . 
  otherwise , you do n't get to do that without rightfully being accused of hypocrisy . 
  hipocrisy is a two-way street . 
  the danish radio station has just walked into that street . 
  your cause will be hit sideways , because people will pay more attention to the act than to the cause itself . 
  then , they will change the channel to other problems or to entertainment . 
  thus , the cause will be hurt . 
  they could have simulated the event , get the same so-called hypocritical answers and they could have just said ` gotcha ! ', 
  as it stands , they 're pointing out hypocrisy ... by doing the exact same kind of act . 
  the biggest problem for me , though ? 
  it was a pet rabbit , not a rabbit designed for consumption . 
  people will talk more about the act than the cause itself . 
  in short : a lars von trier-style situation . 
  you could have brought it to light in so many ways ( e.g. 
  simulating a killing instead of actually killing ) , man . 
  seriously , do n't danish radios know constructive pr and diegetic audio techniques ? 
   julie schmidt wrote : `` you could probably easily have had the debate on air without having to kill an animal . '' i 'm with her here . 
   aids infected children starve to death in africa . 
   the phone in your pocket was produced by child slaves . 
  whataboutery ( especially the phone part ) . 
  that 's one way of looking at it ( the ` blessing in disguise ' way ) , sure . 
  but denmark will probably win , anyway , so , it 'll take a while before it gets to moscow or st. petersburg . 
  you know what 's even better ? 
   tumler speaks four languages fluently , german , english , french and italian and is proficient in spanish and portuguese . 
  some editions are aired on rtp mem\u00f3ria occasionally . 
  in case you want to rewatch them . 
  i know , right ? 
  if only you had witnessed / r/eurovision when russia was leading for a while . 
  the anti-russia circlejerk was just sickening , with people bitching about the singer crying and shit . 
  and , yes , i agree , it was an ok song . 
  if russia had won , / r/eurovision and / r/europe would have a heart attack . 
  yup , i 'm sure . 
  from wikipedia :  since 2000 , france , germany , spain and united kingdom have automatically qualified for the final , regardless of their positions on the scoreboard in previous contests , as they are the four biggest financial contributors to the ebu . 
  these countries became known as the `` big four '' . 
  on 31 december 2010 , it was announced that italy accepted to compete in the eurovision song contest after a fourteen-year absence and that it would also automatically qualify for the final , joining the other four qualifiers to become the `` big five '' , considered by some to be a controversial decision . 
  well , i did n't vote for him ( well , them - it 's a trio called il volo this year ) . 
  besides , italy is part of the big 4/5 financial contributors to the eurovision , so they 're automatically in the final - no need to deal with those semi-finals . 
  our singer in this year 's eurovision ? 
  it 's probably because of our emmigrants , i guess . 
  surprised to see italy getting most points from us . 
   if only everyone could be poor together like in portugal . 
  it 's funny you should say that , considering the president gets three pensions with the combined value being 10000 euros . 
  and let 's not even mention the bankers and the big corporate guys . 
  nor mention the mass youth emmigration . 
  he probably liked his portrayal in * les guignols de l'info * . 
   it seems to me that catalan nationalists are trying to make a bigger deal of this than it actually is for political reasons . 
  you have a point , but they seem to have some reasons to do so ( regardless of whether one agrees with them or not ) , so this news can provide background to debates on political separatist issues . 
   separatist catalan flag is not the official flag of catalonia . 
  the catalan flag is official and it actually needs to be in public buildings . 
  you have a point . 
  but if political flags are banned ( and there are 4 or 5 of those in catalonia ) , it will ultimately cause benefits for the independence cause . 
  streisand effect and all that ... 
  as far as i know , the uk did not banned scottish flags during the referendum or the general election . 
  the spanish government is being a bit dickish right now . 
   `` be welcoming '' , with their track record ... 
  please elaborate . 
   i only care about comments on hotel websites [ sorta relevant xkcd comic ] ( https://xkcd.com/958/ ), 
  well , i also asked for articles from newspapers and news websites . 
  of course it does n't have to be all about statistical analysis ( though i concede that i should 've asked for articles in the first place ) . 
   how is monsanto not playing by established standards and rules ? 
  i could provide you my sources , but they come from pro-environment organizations and initiaties ( e.g. 
  sum of us ) , which you will probably dismiss . 
   how is norway protectionist with regards to their oil ? 
  they allow a number of foreign firms to operate in the norwegian eez . 
  because most of the profits from said oil are put in things such as social security , healthcare and internal economic development , not in said foreign firms ' pockets . 
   actually , i did . 
  he seems to have only written the one article , which may be why i noticed so many mistakes and errors contained within . 
  i could n't find any other information about him . 
  he seems to be a nobody . 
  he also wrote articles on myanmar and other southeast asia nations , both in the diplomat and in other places . 
  just because you deem him a nobody , does n't mean that anything he says is invalid ( you might be engaging in a fallacy ) . 
   you have to qualify your statements more . 
  while not related to the southeast asia case , [ i do ] ( http://thediplomat.com/2014/08/free-trade-agreements-not-as-free-as-you-think/ ) [ have a ] ( http://thediplomat.com/2015/05/sure-tpp-is-win-win-unless-you-care-about-human-rights/ ) [ few articles ] ( http://www.voxeu.org/article/problem-ttip ) [ that show ] ( http://www.gmfus.org/blog/2014/12/18/why-developing-world-has-problem-ttip ) that developing ( as well as a few developed ) nations in both western and non-western places are not exactly ok with these kind of agreements . 
  look , you 're not gon na persuade me ( and i 'm not even trying to persuade you , i 'm just defending my point of view ) . 
  we 'll just agree to disagree , otherwise we will be posting articles , you 're gon na dismiss mine , i 'm gon na say that yours are not right in everything , and we 'll be going in circles in no time . 
  agreed ? 
   how is it that you want healthy , fair play based competition , yet support protectionism ? 
  protectionism , by it 's very definition , is completely contrary to that . 
  no , it is n't . 
  fair play competition can only exist when private companies are playing by the standards and rules laid out in general principle .
