were n't they 5 or 6 ? 
  yeah , it 's more of a joke/satire thing , but still ... kinda makes you think about it all . 
   poor dude i do n't know . 
  he made some good euros with t-shirt sales and tv appearances . 
  the spice must flow !, 
   i read that the former dictator salazar won the title as the greatest portuguese of all time in a poll some years ago . 
  fun fact . 
  he also won the title as the worst portuguese of all time ( in the political/satirical show * eixo do mal * ( ` axis of evil ' ) . 
  make of this what you will . 
  did n't that happened in the 90 's ? 
  they 've already taken nokia away from them , now you want to take away their flag ? 
  hmmm , i 'll grant you that point . 
  but the examples you gave are about extreme situations ( collapsing on the street , being drunk or drugged ) . 
  what about regular customer situations ? 
   therefore it 's perfectly rational on one 's part to make them . 
  not when it leads to different treatment of customers . 
  in cases like this , it becomes more often an instinctive , emotional and/or irrational response , which leads to double standards . 
  the point is to make sure one gets there 's an obvious double standard based on looks . 
  and you proved the social experiment right . 
  you 're willing to give a pass just because one looks like one ai n't poor . 
  eesh , that sucks . 
  : / i supposed the keyboard is now fixed . 
  i hope you still have some baileys left , 
  more like medieval total war . 
  ( starts to play for portugal in response to da'esh / isis ), 
  i think they 've rolled a 1 too many times on diplomacy by now . 
  how are things going for you ? 
  may your analysis be thorough and detailed . 
   portugal invading spain watch out spain , we 're taking oliven\u00e7a !, 
  [ plays the song by paul mccartney and wings ], 
  i did n't know it had a live action movie . 
  i 'll try to find it out . 
  thank you . 
   and cheap . 
  oh yeah , definitely . 
  with some effort and research , i could do better than that . 
   when will we have quality muhammad cartoons ? 
  do i have to call japan for that ? 
  [ well , there 's this interesting manga featuring jesus and buddha hanging out ] ( http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/manga/saintyoungmen ) . 
  as a catholic , i totally liked that manga and found it quite funny ( and lots of buddhists liked it as well ) . 
  so yeah , we should invite japan . 
   as far as i 'm concerned they can fuck off . 
  and i do n't care how offended they claim to be . 
  you must be fun at parties . 
  so edgy . 
  you have a point there . 
  [ alternatively ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/francesinha ) , [ francesinhas ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/francesinhas ) . 
   others will see you as dependent on your parents , unable to live on your own like a big child , no matter how good you have it . 
  should n't they mind their own business and not judge ( at least , until they know the cultural or economical context ) ? 
  it 's not the text ( though if you write a long post , no one will be bothered to read ) . 
  it 's how some bots here on reddit immediately appear under your post or someone else 's post . 
  imagine a bot post appearing under every post . 
  and even if they do n't appear and do the job anyway , there 's still potential for large swaths of text to appear which almost no one will be bothered to read . 
  it 's best for users themselves to choose to write bilingual/trilingual/multilingual posts . 
  * that would be chaotic . 
  what is your traffic island disc ? 
  [ famous american comedian ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=thseyluphk8 ) . 
   so why is it that every single person in this thread is speaking language ? 
   we should be rewarded for inventing the english language j\u00e1 introduzimos o costume do ch\u00e1 no teu pa\u00eds . 
  bill hicks fan ? 
   sweden has a superior music industry to all european nations maybe for pop music . 
  outside of pop music , the game is very different ( looks at iceland ) . 
   what a depressing play . 
  alas , poor yorick something something, 
  thank you , dear oldest ally :d, 
   thats just generalizing , just because a priest molest a child , it doesnt mean that every priest is a child molester . 
  you 'd be surprised how much folks like to generalize ( and i 've seen it coming from all sides ) . 
  especially on the internet , where they fear no consequences and almost no one will call them out on it . 
   i 'm still annoyed though when people paint every priest to be a child rapist and the pope to be some evil greedy mastermind same here . 
  i hate generalizations and bad stereotypes being made against any group or person . 
  catholic here as well . 
  glad we are starting to clean up things a bit ( though we 're still far from removing all the corrupt and molesting ones inside ) . 
  as / u / _ maxiking _ said , it 's not just us mediterraneans that do it . 
  as for my country : a kiss on each cheek is the norm ( except maybe amongst the rich folks/upper class , especially in the grand lisbon area - someone correct me if i 'm wrong in regards to this last bit ) . 
   no one would know i 'm a fenno-swede in eastern finland . 
  i recognize your flair since i read that webcomic , scandinavia and the world . 
   that has nothing to do with countries perhaps not , but i would n't be comfortable with having to learn spanish due to a law if there was a small community of spanish-speaking portuguese - by spanish , i mean the castillian side , not the galicians , our language cousins/brothers . 
  hence why i was asking . 
  thank you for telling me your perspective . 
   bear in mind that my question was made without any intent to provoke . 
  what about the fenno-swedes and the fact that , if you 're finnish , you have to learn swedish in the early years ? 
  no prob . 
  you 're welcome ( and there 's no need to call yourself dumb ) . 
  i think you mean either 1580 or 1640 . 
  ( officially independent since 1143 , fuck yeah ! ), 
  the missions bit is not bad per se ( i assume you mean missionaries ) , and the liberation theology , at its core , has some good points ( in spite of the politicization ) . 
  but the rest ... yikes , sorry to hear that . 
  :( i 've been in lisbon , so most of my friends are also either atheist , agnostic or non-practicing catholics/raised catholics . 
  i 've been both practicing and non-practicing ( currently practicing , but only in the sense of going to the church regularly ) , so i know the various sides that exist within catholicism here in our country . 
  hope you 'll get to meet some more good and relaxed catholics in the future , mate . 
  really ? 
  you 've must 've met quite a few bad apples , then . 
  where did you met most of them , in the north or in the south ( i know there are some in the north , where i live , but they 're mostly harmless and keep it to themselves ) ? 
  while extremist might be a heavy word ( for portugal , that is ) , i do n't doubt the folks you met are of the reactionary type . 
  nah , it 's just postponed . 
  / r/polandball shall resume hostilities in the next week . 
   ( although i would challenge that definition at least partially ... we 're a country which will legalize gay marriage and then view gays who fuck around as not following tradition values , not sure.if i 'm explaining it correctly , it 's an odd mix of progressive policies tied with conservative expectations ) ophiusa means to say secular society has legalized gay marriage , but some people are still a bit hung up on the traditionalist catholic values ( mostly old folks ) . 
  catholic here , young person , totally ok with gay rights ( i 'm still hoping the bit about adoption passes through ) , and i have some friends who are gay ( or bi ) . 
  i suspect most who are not fond of gay people have not met them and/or have stereotypes still ingrained in them ( e.g. 
  the campy or flaming gay stereotype ) .
