  nowadays , most private companies do not seem to be playing by those standards and rules ( e.g. 
  monsanto ) . 
  protectionism is vital for some national strategic interests . 
  the us does some protectionism , and so do other nations ( china to a greater extent , norway in regards to their oil , france in regards to some of their cheese , and so forth ) . 
  considering china 's economic popularity , there are cases where protectionism is good ( in spite of china 's problems ) . 
  try to not write it out as a fundamentally bad thing . 
  too much of one thing , whether it 's free trade or protectionism , stifles industrialization and innovation in different ways . 
   trade liberalization is something that is universally seen as a net good . 
  i used to think that way . 
  but i had to get out of my western mindset and engage with people from non-western countries to understand that our mindset is not universal . 
  while trade liberalization did well in , say , singapore ( and with singapore still calling the shots , in terms of respecting its laws ) , it was not the case in other places in southeast asia . 
  trade neoliberalization is not codified in academic and economic literature , but it 's basically free trade done on neoliberal terms ( there are various kinds of free trade , as you know ) . 
  abbott 's policies are affecting the torres strait islanders ' pockets . 
  their identity has always been put in a position of inferiority against the wider australia , throughout history . 
  i could also refer you to some articles on this and the aboriginal people . 
  the ( potential , but unlikely to be realized in these next 50 years , at least , imo ) unification of europe is not just about identity . 
  it 's also about politics , economics , immigration policies and so forth . 
  without wanting to go through the motions you have already debated ( matters of health , environment , bureaucratic mess which could hinder the government 's budget and time and so forth ) , my issue with this free trade treaty ( and tpp ) is related to [ a wider rising tide ] ( http://thediplomat.com/2015/01/the-beginning-of-world-trade-disorganization/ ) against us corporations , the imf , the wto and so forth ( yes , i know they 're not the same thing , but they 're part of the same paradigm ) :  in the context of trade , developing countries often do not oppose free trade per se . 
  what they protest is 1 ) trade neoliberalization , and 2 ) western hypocrisy . 
  trade neoliberalization , for example , imposes a stringent intellectual property rights regime that condemns copying -- a developmental route taken by the u.s. , japan and china -- and makes industrialization difficult . 
  this is made worse by western hypocrisy , which imposes trade neoliberalization on developing countries on the one hand , yet turns a blind eye to generous agricultural subsidies at home on the other . 
  all these turn the wto into an object of resentment among developing states . 
  i prefer a balance of free trade and protectionism ( varying from nation to nation , and sector to sector ) . 
  so , i do n't want neither too much free trade ( which is why i think ttip is laying the ground for various potential damages - especially economically wise - against the smaller nations , within and outside the eu ) nor too much protectionism . 
  hence why i 'm still on the fence , but leaning towards the anti-ttip stance . 
  and why i welcome the efforts being made by the brics and by the aiib . 
  i want a healthy , fair play-based competition , and i think ttip does not provide such opportunities . 
  you 're right . 
  i edited that bit out . 
  my sincere apologies . 
  yes , the fn are populist and nationalist ( the very bad kind , to boot ) . 
  does n't mean that everyone else who opposes the treaty is , by correlation/association populist and nationalist . 
  hence my request for data or articles from savannajeff . 
  if being against a questionable treaty that had some bits downplayed or removed due to public pressure means that one is gon na get called populist or nationalist , then it will stifle debate by shutting it down with name calling . 
  i 'm on the fence ( but inclining slightly towards the anti-ttip stance ) about ttip , so i feel the need to question it . 
  the abbott government , the nauru inquiry , the climate change denial by some members of the aforementioned government , and other stuff . 
  sources : * the diplomat * and * the guardian * . 
  you have n't answered my question . 
  and we 'll both see the final document , since both of us only have a few parts available for reading . 
  the picture is not yet fully complete . 
   populism and being against ttip ( at this stage ) go hand-in-hand do you have data to prove such a correlation ? 
  or are you just bashing all those who are against ttip just because of the sodding national front ? 
  switzerland ai n't even part of the eu . 
  not to mention that they had a confederation for hundreds of years ( if i 'm not mistaken ) , not a federation , before crystalizing their national identity . 
   i wish we were more like us , canada and australia . 
  ( looks at what is happening in the us ) ( looks at what is happening in australia ) ( looks at what is happening in canada , even though it 's a bit better than the previous two ) yeaaaah ... ** no ** , thanks . 
   i think that part also requires that policy decisions are strictly atheist ( not the policy makers , but the decisions ) , in the sense that policy decisions should be based on traceable , factual information ( i.e. 
  what constitutes a good solution for any given problem - theology should n't be where we look for the answer here ) . 
  replace atheist in this sentence with humanist or progressive and we 'll agree . 
  humanist , in fact , sounds far more inclusive . 
   i do n't know you well enough , and shaking hands is just one more ( not religious ) superstitious practice !, 
  hehe . 
  we can agree that we had a decent conversation that could have been much worse if both of us were other representatives of `` our respective groups '' ( as they appear - i still reject group identity ) . 
  i meant shake hands in the same way that people shake hands when saying hi and goodbye - common courtesy :p - but fair enough . 
  i agree with you , we had a decent conversation . 
  have a good day/night . 
   who am i to judge you ? 
  a member of a democratic society which requires the open market place of ideas and public discourse in order to function well . 
  i meant personally , between you and me . 
  in regards to the rest , well , christianity also had no central dogma , no set of rules , the new testament was n't yet fully written or compiled . 
  an atheist person can be just as superstitious as a religious person . 
  i think we can both agree that both religion and atheism will ultimately fine-tune their discourse and be both accepted in secular society , while not interfering in official policy making . 
   that does n't mean that atheism is an ideology , or that it is honestly comparable to the institutionalized indoctrination with superstitious dogma of billions of people . 
  to be fair , atheism is not the majority yet . 
  there will be shit happening in a few countries when it assumes the former majority 's place ( not because it 's atheism , but because people , regardless of belief , ideology or other stuff , will oppress a few - it 's human nature ) . 
  even when said few will no longer commit crimes based on a fundamentalist motive . 
   humanist/atheist humanist values can also be found just as easily in christianity ( particularly catholicism and anglicanism ) , even if quite a few folks have n't lived up to those values . 
  there will be a mutual ground of understanding and respect over time between both sides ( i certainly hope so ) . 
  can we shake hands at the end of our argument ? 
  / sincere, 
  well , i 'm not looking for any respect from ( bad ) trolls like you , sir . 
  have a good day . 
  so , because i 'm religious , that means that anything i say is batshit crazy ? 
  seriously ? 
  if i say that neil degrasse tyson 's scientific documentaries are great and full of awesome science , will you discount my viewpoint ? 
  because i happen to be religious , and yet , such a thing does n't get in the way of my understanding of science ? 
  look , you wan na get your atheist or agnostic viewpoint respected ? 
  do n't come across as being smug and most of all condescending . 
  i 've met far better atheists and agnostics than you , and who argued with respect and seriousness . 
  i hold the same standard in regards to some religious folks who are condescending and smug towards atheists . 
  so , with all due respect , present arguments against the balance of religiousness/spirituality and rationality or go somewhere else . 
  so , because you said so , i 'm supposed to not be capable of conciliating two sides . 
  you present no arguments whatsoever . 
  i bet you 've never even heard of scientists who happened to be catholic and perfectly managed to avoid interference from their religiousness in their rationality . 
   the whole point of the scientific method is reliability and predictive ability - to test assumptions ( hypotheses ) that you come up with and to not take them for granted otherwise . 
  faith is the opposite . 
  yes , in regards to the physical world , scientific method must prevail . 
  it 's not wrong to have a little faith , though , especially considering that god can not be proven or disproven . 
  belief or faith is beyond science . 
  it is not measurable . 
  science can only figure out most of what happens in this physical universe . 
  and no , i do n't have cognitive dissonance . 
  you can say that about some religious groups in the us . 
  why ? 
  because there 's a difference between the wordly realm and the spiritual realm . 
  that being said , i 'm more about practicing good actions ( e.g. 
  charity , treating other folks right ) than theological or philosophical fanwank ( and i dig epistemology , mind you ) . 
  edit : should 've phrased my bit about cognitive dissonance a bit better . 
   the problem is deluding yourself ( and others - group delusion ) and creating a whole identity around it in order to do it . 
  that 's atheist criticism of religion 101 .
