  thank you , 
  most of us ? 
  i beg to disagree . 
  go to the bit a bit below the subscribe button called ` edit ' / ` editar ' and choose the flair . 
   i think the latest portuguese thing i remember seeing around reddit was the mind controlled drone . 
  can you provide me a link , please ? 
   but religion is a brain disease that one should be able to mock as much as they can . 
  this however does n't entail that one should make fun of people who carry this brain disease . 
  i had something to say , but i 'm just sick of trying to prove a point that religious beliefs and non-religious beliefs are just beliefs , and are not necessarily indicative of brain disease or enlightenment ( it does a massive disservice to scientists who happen to be religious , since religion and science are completely separate things , and one should not interfere with the other ) . 
  as for the mocking bit , i 'm with both sides having a point right and a point wrong , so i 'll be neutral on this bit . 
  ( i 'm gon na be downvoted , right ? 
  i 've been called so many things by different groups , religious and secular ones , for being a so-called liberal catholic - not an oxymoron , btw - i feel i should not give a shit anymore ) ... ( sigh ), 
   it 's loathsome and petty racism and sexism as well . 
  true , you have a point . 
  plenty of coastal cities would be gone or partially gone ( e.g. 
  aveiro , p\u00f3voa de varzim , many cities in the algarve ) . 
  damn ... 
  it depends on the context of a nation , and what kind of elections ( for example , the ability to vote in local elections , but not legislative or presidential elections , at the age of 16 , is something i 'm ok with ) . 
  considering how badly fucked the economy 's been , more young people are trying to survive in the job market and/or are interested in political causes ( some in the old ways - through the parties ' youth organizations , some in new ways - by being part of cross-generational parties ) . 
  so , engaging with them before they enter the job market will look more and more necessary . 
  just my 2 cents . 
  maybe we could do a couple of tests in a few regions in some eu countries to see how it would go . 
  porto would be gone , though . 
  but yeah , it 's not too bad for us . 
  you have a point . 
   unless tobacco is completely outlawed , smoking will always be a thing . 
  i thought other substances within cigarettes and cigars were what caused them to be addictive , not tobacco in and of itself . 
  after all , there 's such a thing as medicinal ( is this the right word ? ), 
   like the british people with tea which we introduced them to , btw . 
  really ? 
  did not know that . 
  good to know . 
  may our codfish/bacalhau/bacalao trade continue . 
  bacalhau ( just correcting , do n't take it badly ) . 
  yup , not disagreeing with that , but things are a bit different in the uk . 
  manchester is arguably the one city in the uk that `` can look london in the eye '' ( not sure who said that quote - it was either tony wilson , the guy of factory records , or paul morley , music journalist ) . 
  especially when it comes to music . 
  plenty of bands began their tours in manchester , both local and international , due to its music history . 
   all the big musicians do their concerts first or only in london . 
  someone 's never been to manchester , then . 
  thank you , 
   yet the organisation he is responsible for , the vatican , the body that also is responsible for doctrine and policy and so on , denies gays as being part of humanity . 
  and like any organization ( political , scientific and so forth ) there are plenty of unsavoury attitudes and disrespects . 
  i like to think that times will change , and apologies and respect will ensue . 
   the absolute barbarity of that human denial is so abhorrent , the church can really go fuck itself . 
  to deny a human being , or a group of people their humanity - i 'm absolutely bewildered . 
  once you remove an understanding of commonality between people you have made a group reducible to any action you wish to engage in towards them . 
  they will not experience pain or sufferring because they are not human . 
  because they are not human . 
  sounds like the church has as much understanding about its own teaching , about morality as hitler . 
  that godwin , man . 
   you can not be an apologist for the church oh , do n't give me that ` you 're an apologist ' bullcrap . 
  has the church committed plenty of mistakes and errors ? 
  damn right . 
  but you said in your first post that the organization was so damn evil that no sane person could ever like it . 
  criticize where you think you are right ( and i 'll likely support you there - and i 'm catholic ) , but do n't paint everyone with one single brush . 
  how would you like if i painted the groups ( nation , political groups , etc. ), 
  you 're part of or support with the same method ? 
  and i 'm someone who 's been on both sides of the barricade . 
   what it does do is show the catholic church is a disgusting organisation with a perverted perspective on what it actually means to be human . 
  if you had said that the church has an outdated view of sexuality which did n't kept up with modern times , your point would have come across better . 
  you 're overreacting , and if you continue with that , i wo n't empathize with you . 
   and before you go singing the praises of this pope remember he disavowed the dali lama and would not support him . 
  because the chinese govt threatened to further remove control by the roman catholic church over chinese catholics . 
  it 's very pleasant when the head of a church finds it more important to retain a smidge of control over its far flung adherents than to make a deontological statement of support for the dali lama . 
  it 's called foreign policy . 
  deal with it . 
  but if you want to sacrifice a few thousand people for one spiritual leader you 're fond of , go ahead . 
  think further , man . 
   is there a difference between fifa and the catholic church ? 
  they both have lots of flaws . 
  they will both get a gradual reestrucuting in the future . 
  some fuckers will be caught and put on trial . 
  i like to think things will get better , as long as people can get to cooperate ( both inside and outside the church ) and the extremists ( both conservative and liberal ) will stay away or die out . 
  i suggest you adopt a middle ground of mediation , like i did . 
  it 's a lot harder , but it worked better in the long term for me to persuade some conservative catholics to not treat lgbtq people like shit . 
  but , naturally , my suggestion will fall flat , because you think i 'm an apologist . 
  i will not respond to your next post . 
  have a good day , sir , and may the lgbtq folks get their rightful rights and the church solve the problems , while focusing more on the good stuff ( e.g. 
  charities , soup kitchens ) . 
   the catholic church institutionalised paedophilia . 
  did almost nothing to remove it . 
  and now that they 're kicking out a few and start to clean the house a bit ( though there 's still a lot of work to do , naturally - it was n't institutionalised * per se * , mind you , though there were too many cover-ups ) , i think you 'll find that your later sentence :  how can anyone in their right mind consider the catholic church as anything but a destructive , perverted organisation . 
  becomes a bit unfair , would n't you say ? 
  and to assume a whole institutional body is a destructive , perverted organization , even after , say , the pope playing a part in the recent evolution of the cuba-us relations , is a bit of a poor form . 
  that ` defeat ' statement was appaling , sure , but at least the pope did n't say it . 
  i meant to say that the rabbit in question that was clubbed was n't raised or bred for the purposes of consumption . 
  there are rabbits raised as pets , you know ( a friend of mine had one , once ) ? 
   you 're just gon na come in and claim that they committed a great moral evil never claimed such a thing . 
  you 're overreacting . 
   the point of a public service channel is not to be populist and pander to the crowd . 
  it 's to provide quality journalism and instigate public disourse . 
  while not the case here , it can also be biased or dishonest . 
  i have my suspicions towards pretty much any kind of channel and their so-called good intentions and methods . 
   then why even write anything in this thread ? 
  because i wanted to express an opinion ( that 's democracy for you - people have the right to disagree with your methods , at the very least ) . 
  keep in mind that i talked about the ` method ' in a general sense , and not merely in regards to this specific case . 
   there is literally nothing hypocritical about what they did . 
  they 're not animal rights activists . 
  they 're meat eaters .
