  also , the vichy government was a puppet of nazi germany created from what remained after france 's defeat . 
  though many people in vichy were fascists and supported the deportation and even sometimes the extermination of the jews and went ever further than what the germans asked , presenting the vichy government as a 100 % legitimate government is ridiculous . 
   victimism 101 . 
  `` i 'm losing an argument , i better call the other person offensive , racist and xenophobic . '', 
  that the joke is xenophobic and in poor taste is not really disputable you know , it 's the case for many jokes , but you ca n't just claim it 's not offensive or xenophobic , because it is . 
   americans did n't surrender and collaborate with the nazis . 
  changing the subject because you could n't find an other answer that `` well , we 're better than you !!! '', 
   in a way , france is actually responsible for the millions of jews killed by the nazis as well , so be happy that the joke is only about surrender . 
  wait , france loses against germany , is forced into collaboration , and as such is responsible for germany 's actions ? 
  wtf ? 
   in case of argument , call the other party racist , xenophobic or misogynistic . 
  are you dense , or do you not realize that a joke that mocks an entire country based on one particular , dramatic event , is xenophobic ? 
  oh wait , you also do n't realize that treating people who died fighting of cowards is offensive ... 
  yeah , as i said , before , treating soldiers who died fighting for their country of cowards is n't offensive at all . 
  i wonder what americans might think if foreign people went to american cemeteries and started treating all soldiers buried there of cowards because the us were forced to retreat from vietnam . 
   grow up . 
  i 'm not the one making xenophobic jokes based on stupid stereotypes . 
  or maybe , you know , i just care about facts and not spitting on the grave of soldiers who died for their country . 
   it does n't make fun of the victims yes , it does , it presents the soldiers who fought and died as cowards , at best , or denies their existence as the joke often implies france surrendered without a fight despite losing more than 100 000 soldiers in just 6 weeks during the battle of france in ww2 , at worst . 
  also , it ignores pretty much all of french military history and just focuses on one bad defeat and presents it as a generality for no other reason than to bash france . 
  i wo n't even bother responding to the last part of your comment . 
  really , only the french are offended by jokes made about them ? 
  are you actually serious ? 
  yes , i mean , calling all french people cowards and losers even though the country won the majority of its wars and lost approximately 2 million soldiers in various wars just in the last century , with every french family having a relative that either was killed or had to go to war , is definitely not offensive at all . 
  hell , it 's almost a compliment !, 
   learn to take a joke dude , on the english-speaking internet there is a french surrender joke litteraly every goddamn time france is mentioned in any way , 95 % of the times by americans . 
  considering the politics behind this ultra-stupid , very offensive joke , it 's possible to sometimes make a comment about its use when it comes from people from cultures where the popularity of this joke makes no sense without being necessarily butthurt or lacking a sense of humor . 
  this is n't polandball . 
   somehow only french people are constantly offended ... nice generalization , i 'm pretty sure most french redditors do n't really care , and i 'm not really offended either , nordics bashing france just seems to come out of nowhere and i 'd like to understand . 
   nordic not scandinavian heh , sorry :(  secondly he is a fin , they are like this to everyone . 
  still does n't explain the use of an already bogus stereotype which is also almost exclusively anglo-american . 
   thirdly it is pretty obnoxious of you to refer to scandinavians as if it is as unified as uk and not separate countries i never said that nor implied it , i as well as many french redditors just noticed a lot of french surrender jokes coming from redditors with swedish , norvegian or finnish flairs in the last few years , which seems pretty weird to us . 
  what 's up with scandinavian people making french surrender jokes ? 
  like , we have pretty much no history of either hatred or love , nor of much conflict , with you , and you 're really not ones to talk considering your performances ( if there was even one depending of which scandinavian country we 're talking about ) against germany in ww2 ... edit : i 'm not being aggressive , i just do n't understand , french surrender jokes are already painfully bad and annoying considering their inaccuracy when they come from british or american people , but scandinavians mocking france 's military might makes no sense at all , it seems to come out of nowhere . 
  i assume it 's due to the fact so many scandinavian people are fluent in english and as such are highly exposed to anglo-american culture . 
  plus , the cit\u00e9 radieuse is a great building . 
  itt : people who greatly exaggerate le corbisier 's role in the use of `` commie blocks '' and widely misunderstand his intentions . 
   france treats it 's poor and underpriviliged citizens like shit . 
  relatively true , but france is also one of the countries in the world who cares the most about the poor and the underprivileged , so that 's not the only reason , and your post exaggerates greatly . 
  the british army neither invented guerilla warfare , which had existed for a while and in the peninsula war was actually used by the spanish , nor was more innovative . 
  the french revolutionary army was by far the most innovative of the times and it 's the one that influenced all the others for the decades to come . 
  the greatest military minds , from generals to theorists like clausewitz for example , spent the following decades studying the french army and napoleon 's war tactics and using them as the basis to develop their own armies . 
  to claim the british army was more innovative is simply incredibly wrong . 
  edit : i repeat , considering i 'm being downvoted , the early 1800 's was the time the french army kept bitch slapping all of the armies of continental europe despite being often outnumbered and having no particular technological advantage . 
  the fact that the french revolutionary army led by napoleon fucking bonaparte was the most innovative of the era is n't really open to debate . 
   i would call the ump far-right most french people would n't . 
   centre right means they inhabit the centre of the right wing . 
  no , it means the party 's influence and ideology stretches from the center to the right . 
  claim to not care about france . 
  brag about their victories against the french and bash the hell out of france in their media constantly . 
  the results for france , germany , england and scotland seem a little stereotypical . 
  just a little , 
   see , that 's exactly the problem . 
  once you start declaring something as basic as fried meat with fried potatoes as a national dish you can then apply that same scope to anything else . 
  yeah , except no , i 'm not talking out of my ass here , ask any one who knows anything about cuisine or any chef about steak with fries and he 'll tell you it 's a classic french dish , and i only mentionned that one because it 's the most outrageous example ( i myself was pretty sure it was universal until i heard from a british chef that steak with fries is originally a french dish ) , but there are plenty others . 
  as for the five mother sauce , i 'm afraid this one is totally undeniable and one of the main arguments for the stupidly enormous influence of french cuisine . 
   the only thing french cuisine really did was codify certain recipes and cooking techniques . 
  i do n't really understand why you do n't want to give credit to french cuisine anyway , you sure do n't have any source backing you up . 
  also , you speak as if i was a fanatic but my original comment was in response to a negative comment about french cuisine that i found ignorant , not a random declaration of superiority . 
  i personally consider italian cuisine on par with french one ( edit  like most french people commenting here . 
   you claim steaks with fries is french ? 
  yes !, 
  steak with fries is a classic french dish . 
  look it up . 
   anything with sauce too ? 
  not anything , but a huge part , yes !, 
  look up the five french mother sauce . 
   besides : it 's the italians that taught the french how to cook in the first place . 
  not that you guys like to be reminded of that little fact . 
  actually it is commonly known and accepted that french cuisine was first based on italian cuisine , except both countries consider french cuisine has evolved much from there . 
  anyway , this is exactly what i meant , french usine is so influential its basic dishes were adopted worldwide . 
  edit : i did n't downvote you , calm down . 
  ever had steak with fries ? 
  that 's french cuisine . 
  that 's what i 'm talking about . 
  what many consider basic , universal food , is french cuisine . 
  ever eaten anything cooked with sauce ? 
  most probably based on the five french mother sauces . 
  a large majority of cooking techniques were codified and/or optimized by the french and still are to this day . 
  restaurants are pretty much a french invention . 
  also , france was the most culturally influential in the western world for a long time . 
  french was the lingua franca for centuries , its culture : cuisine , fashion etc was emulated everywhere so even if french cuisine had been average it would have been massively influential . 
  man , if we french were the ones doing this we would get shat on all over the internet : /, 
  a shit ton of japanese chefs go receive some training in france . 
  both countries cooperate a lot in terms of cuisine . 
  note that a lot of of recipes people might consider as universal actually are french recipes , people just are n't aware of it because french cuisine is so stupidly influential it has become the standard in many ways . 
  also , french cuisine 's supposed over-sophistication is exaggerated because people are used to associate french food with fancy restaurants and high cuisine , when in reality most of french cuisine is based on simple traditional recipes . 
  since the paris attacks the idea the french are in denial and would rather blame belgium keeps coming up on reddit , but it 's just bullshit . 
  it is n't the actual message of the government and tons of major french politicians have been criticizing french security forces and measures as well as insisting on france 's responsability . 
  there are also constantly huge debates about the state of emergency and how efficient or not it is . 
  i repeat , the idea that france has been blaming belgium for everything is just bullshit . 
  all that was said is that belgium has issues with security and that it also affected france , which has its own issues , the main critic being that there is a lack of coordination on security matters between european countries . 
  the debate on terrorism in france is still by far mainly focused on france 's own domestic policies and the trouble in the middle-east . 
  edit : a sentence, 
   especially cause french dubbing is horrendous it fucks up everything i disagree , french dubbing is , with german dubbing , considered the best you can get . 
  for example , miyazaki has praised the french dubs of some of his movies . 
   i mean , how do you dub homer ?!, 
  if it 's a good dub , the translators chose talented voice actors . 
  of course , their performance may not be exactly the same , but they can have just as much personnality . 
  edit : the thing is you have to accept that if you do n't speak the original language , something is gon na get lost in translation no matter what .
