   the french version of south park that 's because for some types of movies/series etc dubs can be better as they allow more flexibility as well as inside jokes . 
   how does it work with japanese movies for example ? 
  they 're dubbed too , though like you said , less often than hollywood onces since there are less japanese movies that make their way here and a lot of them are smaller , `` art house '' movies . 
  sometimes it indeed is weirder with movies about people who are more foreign to us than americans , but overall there is n't much difference . 
   does n't that totally break immersion ? 
  yes and no . 
  for example , one could argue that watching a movie in a language you do not understand and as such are forced to follow through sometimes quite stiff subtitles * breaks immersion more than hearing foreign characters speak in your language . 
  also , if we go by that logic : do you think hearing characters speak in english in fantasy/science-fiction/historical movies where they are n't supposed to speak in english breaks immersion ? 
  all i 'm really trying to say is that this debate is not as black and white as some people make it out to be . 
  edit : * a big part of the criticism i have for the `` dubs are awful , subtitles are inherently superior '' argument is that as someone who understands english , i 've noticed subtitles are relatively often a pretty poor , shortened , stiff , watered-down translation of the original dialogue themselves . 
  french here . 
  everything is dubbed here , pretty much as decently as possible considering how experienced the dubbing `` industry '' is . 
  when it 's a `` popcorn '' movie i do n't really care , except when there 's a great performance that needs to be heard in the original language . 
  for more serious movies i prefer to hear the original language . 
  i always found that the `` anti-dub '' argument , even if legitimate , often goes overboard and ends in a snobbish circlejerk . 
  i remember once reading comments about how the french dub of some animated movie was just awful and far inferior to the original english version ... except it was actually a french movie and the english version was a dub ( and a poor one at that . ), 
  napoleon was only a corsican nationalist through his childhood and teenage years . 
  in his adult life he was basically the opposite , a french nationalist who centralized france more than ever before and started the policies that would lead to the repression of regional languages . 
  the guy literally became the enemy of corsican independentists and actively opposed his childhood hero pasquale paoli before being banished from the island for being a traitor and a dirty frenchman , 
   thats exactly what paris did . 
  paris is not a living entity , you know . 
  that 's an heavily over-simplified view and again , implies the other regions of france had nothing to do with france before , which is just wrong . 
  anyway , i 'll stop debating since you ignore most arguments anyway . 
  clearly you know better than all french people and seeing this through the very particular prism of american history is a very good way to discuss these issues . 
   you agreed those minorities were suppressed no , because that 's only half true . 
  for god 's sake , you do n't even try to not see this through the prism of america history ... 
  french language and culture = / = parisian language and culture !!!, 
   why is that so hard for anyone from france to admit ? 
  because that 's not what happened !, 
  your whole reasoning is based on a wrong premise !, 
  you admit yourself that you 're basing it on the european settlers against the native americans , but that 's not what happened in france or in europe as a whole !, 
  the occitans are n't a native people oppressed by foreign settlers , the french , who conquered and suppressed them , they are the french !, 
  okay , this is gon na be a major , absolutely ridiculous over-simplification , but here goes : america : - native americans doing their business - totally foreign european settlers arrive and found a new country on the land - in a matter of a few decades , the europeans settlers kill most native-americans , almost completely destroy their culture and impose their totally foreign culture upon them and the entire land france : - native people separated in various different cultures , doing their business , kinda invading each other but in the end mostly mixing together - emergence through time , various crisis and conquests of a higher power structure ( kings ) who reign more or less closely over various local lords who reign over their different cultures - for centuries , the kings and lords kind of co-exist - as lord unite more and more under the king , a country starts to emerge - due to both internal and external policies , the power of the king grows while that of the lords gets weaker - a national identity emerges as the country gets more and more centralized , coexisting with local , regional identities - the country is more and more clearly defined as central power grows - a major crisis ( the french revolution ) completely shambles everything - national identity gets stronger through both even more centralization and a legitimate belief in the ideals of the revolution which claims the french are one people in the nation-state of france as well as wars with other countries perceived as foreign and enemies of the revolution - local cultures get progressively more and more overshadowed by national culture - following the revolution and the wars , the government aims to centralize the country even more and passes reforms aiming to unify france under one common culture even more - local cultures get half assimilated , half suppressed by cultural and administrative centralization - national culture grows stronger than ever with the growth of nationalism all over the western world ( largely starting from the french revolution ) and the world wars , so much that local cultures have become largely irrelevant etc. . . ( and all that takes around 1200 years ) see what i tried to explain here ? 
  looking at these issues using the us as a reference is just wrong , it 's completely different . 
  france was n't a totally defined country that took over foreign regions like the new us did over the northern-american continent ( except in the case of colonization which is a different matter ) , it was more like a bunch of semi-independent regions more or less united in an unclearly defined entity called `` france '' , and that with time grew closer and closer and got more and more united until finally the regions were finally fully , and kinda forcefully , assimilated into a clearly defined nation . 
  these regions did n't go from non-french to full-french over night , it was a long process , radically different to that which took place in the us where native american culture was basically destroyed over night by foreign settlers . 
  see what i mean ? 
  edit : changed the last paragraph , it 's late and it did n't make sense, 
   `` always been french '' yeah except less than hundred years ago the third republic was still trying to wipe out the occitan language . 
  at the time these people were as french as you could get without being part of the elite . 
  these reforms were enforced precisely to associate french identity with the french language , when most french people at the time spoke their region 's language first and foremost . 
   two hundreds years about most northerners , thats people in the north of france if youre still confused by that , did n't even see the southerns as being french at all . 
  yes they did , as much as you could at the time considering french identity was n't as clearly defined as today . 
   i want to say again that parisian are people from paris parisians = / = northern french people . 
  there are also regions with their own culture in the north of france , above , to the east or the west of paris ... also , the people from paris came from all over france and though at the time they were probably the most represented among the governing elite , there were tons of provincials in major seats of power . 
  for god 's sake napoleon fucking bonaparte , the goddamn embodiment of french nationalism , was himself a corsican , from one of the most detached , backwater regions of france , and actually grew up an independentist until the french revolution changed his point of view and he became a hardcore french nationalist and arguably did more than anybody else to centralize france . 
  would you say he was an evil imperialist parisian too ? 
   and since the parisian french dialect become the standard thats why i 'm saying the northern french imposed their language on the southern french . 
  except no , the french language as imposed by the republic was merely codified in paris because it 's the administrative center of the country , it 's not `` parisian french '' . 
  also , again , you 're starting from a wrong premise . 
  there was no greater division between the north and the south as between the east or the west . 
  it 's not `` paris '' which imposed its language on everything , it is merely the capital of france and where the government , the power , resides , as such it is from here that all laws and reforms come . 
  would you claim that in the us the west is oppressed by the east because washington is in the east and it is where laws come from ? 
  no , washington is merely the seat of power . 
   stop pretending that france has always existed the way it exists now since the beginning of time . 
  i never implied that , but your vision of paris and its indigenous people ( representing the north ) as some sort of imperialist colonial power reigning over a reluctant france , and most particularly the south ( somehow less french than other places ) is complete fucking nonsense . 
   french people ca n't even stand their fellow frenchmen who are 2nd/3rd generation algerians who were born and raised in france . 
  again , you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  there is racism in france , much like everywhere else , but these people have exactly the same rights , just like those 2nd or 3rd generation immigrants from north-africa , and most of them live normally . 
  also , even racist people would consider people from guiana more french than those people that immigrated from north-africa , whose main problem is currently being muslims rather than being just of foreign origin . 
  anyway , your comment on this issue is awfully over-simplistic , i suggest you do not speak of these issues if your only informations come from american sensationalist news channels , most particularly fox news which does n't just make major mistakes but actively twists news and lies all the time . 
  by the way guess where our [ minister of justice , christiane taubira ] ( http://www.outremersbeyou.com/wp-media/uploads/2015/09/christine-taubira2.jpg ) ( arguably the second or third most powerful person in france ) , comes from ? 
  oh yes , it 's french guiana !, 
  anyway , again , you have no idea what you 're talking about , please stop talking . 
  i do n't go on american subreddits explaining american people that they are wrong about their own country and that i know better than them while spitting complete nonsense , so do n't either . 
   france used to consider algeria an integral part of france , simply declaring it does n't make it true . 
  that 's a completely different issue . 
  also , algeria was declared part of france but it culturally and historically was n't at all and it was inhabited by people just as deconnected form french people , while occitania , first , was n't colonized , just like most of france it went through a long period of semi-independence and was slowly integrated , with a major leap forward during the french revolution , during which the modern nation-state of france was born , and was inhabited by people as french as you could be at the time . 
   i just wish some french person would acknowledge the hundreds of years of language and cultural suppression that took place there in the past . 
  which french people ? 
  for the billionth time , all regions of france went through this phase . 
  ca n't you understand that there are no good guys and no bad guys in this story ? 
  in fact , everytime the discussion is about a different region . 
  one time it 's corsica , next it 's brittany , then the basque country , then alsace-lorraine , then normandy , then occitania , next it will probably be savoie , then provence ... maybe one day when you have listed all french regions as oppressed minorities , you guys will realize that these regions and their people are n't minorities oppressed by `` france '' , but that they are france , and that france is these regions . 
  also , you were right , even my corsican friends , drunk , would think it 's retarded to basically claim half of france is a parisian colony :p, 
  you guys are really , really overreacting . 
  like , half of the people you 're accusing here of being dirty imperialist parisians are southern french people , the same people you 're claiming are victims . 
  also , would it blow your mind if i told you that occitania ... is an integral part of france ? 
  gasp , france is literally oppressing france !, 
   let me guess , you think i 'm a parisian trying to repress these dirty people from the south ? 
  that 's exactly what he 's implying . 
  in an other comment he rambles about `` northern parisian french people '' oppressing and colonizing the south . 
  i 'm not kidding , he actually compares the south of france with french algeria . 
  but of course , what do we know , we , actual southern french people ? 
  obviously he knows better than us . 
   just like spreading english applied to all of the united states it just so happened that the majority already spoke english but the native indians did n't . 
  except the french are largely the native population of france , the situation in the us , which was inhabited by people who were largely killed off by foreign european settlers , is radically different . 
  the mere fact that you 're actually comparing the two is unbelievably stupid . 
   northern french , who already spoke that language as a native tongue northern french people ( who are those anyway ? 
  northern french are n't any different from southern french people , or eastern french people or whatever ) also spoke their regional languages as a native tongue . 
  when these policies were enforced the vast majority of french people did n't speak french , period , as such trying to make some french people the aggressors and others the victims makes no sense . 
  even most parisians historically were n't from paris but came from the different regions of france , they 're not some indigenous people that reign over oppressed foreigners forced into being french . 
   calling the northern french `` victims '' la vergonha is complete shit . 
  your phrase makes no sense , and , again , what are those `` northern french '' people you 're talking about ? 
   i will say this as an outsider , i 've always been surprised by the notion many french people have the subjects of their conquests are equal and no different than any other french person . 
  `` occitans '' are n't subjects . 
  they are n't people conquered by france , they 're historically and culturally as french as the rest of the vast , vast majority of the french population -_-  but in reality they are always treated as 2nd class citizens . 
  are you some kind of idiot ? 
  the `` occitans '' you 're talking about , which must represent something like a fucking half of the french population , are n't treated as second class citizens at all . 
  the harsh policies towards regional languages , which date from more than a century , were enforced against all french regions the same way , which all had their own cultures .
