france ? 
   and if they make a land grab move on another country , like sweden or finland rest assure nato will stand idle and the eu will bend over once more . 
  sweden and finland are completely different to ukraine , a country which was always primilarily in russia 's sphere of influence . 
   it has a world class military , which is the exception in europe . 
  france does n't exist , apparently . 
  oh , sorry , my bad . 
   and you make massive use of stereotypes yourself not really , it 's just bound to happen , since obama has been awarded the nobel peace prize , conservative media personalities such as rush limbaugh and other nut jobs rant about them every time, 
   moreover , it 's very easy to move forward when you previously made a huge move backward . 
  works for both spain and britain . 
  then again , i bet tomorrow you 'll have american conservatives ranting about the fact they gave the nobel to a frenchman that works on regulation . 
   i 'm not saying the critics are necessarily illegitimate , but even when they are , the authors generally also mix their opinion pieces with ridiculously stupid stereotypes or huge inaccuracies . 
  did you not read that part ? 
  the exodus of wealthy french nationals is heavily exaggerated , and like i said , even when the basis of the article is right , the tone is ridiculously apocalyptic , and the whole thing is mixed with bullshit stereotypes . 
  as for articles on cheese eating surrender monkeys , just type `` french '' in the `` search '' bar of any even-only-slightly-conservative news website . 
  i very much disagree with sarkozy . 
  when you look on the long-term , his mandate was n't such a disaster considering the crisis that fell on the world , which france went through pretty much unscathed compare to everybody else . 
  outside of the entire vichy regime ( then again , he had a role in it ) , i nominate mitterand . 
  he was a far-right collaborationist who became a resistant when it suited him , turned socialist when it suited him , and when he finally became president completely wrecked france in barely 2 years by making ridiculous outdated reforms , was then forced to betray everything his electors believed in and spent the next ten years acting like an absolute monarch while hiding his cancer and his affairs , which had led to an hidden daughter which lived off taxpayers ' money , to get re-elected . 
  most of france 's economical issues started under his administration as he completely failed to adapt to the present and only left behind the end of capital punishment ( despite previously being the minister who had ordered the most executions . ), 
  tl ; dr  mitterand was nothing but a disgusting opportunist who is largely the source of many of france 's current problems . 
  i 'm not saying the critics are necessarily illegitimate , but even when they are , the authors generally also mix their opinion pieces with ridiculously stupid stereotypes or huge inaccuracies . 
  many newspapers in france made whole articles showing how much shit many of these articles say . 
  also , most `` french-bashing '' articles are not on economic policies but simply on `` how france is dying '' , `` how the french are leaving france '' or bullshit like that , when they are n't downright stupid or simple insults from the start , like `` why britain is better than france '' , or `` why the french are cheese eating surrender monkeys , durr hurr '' as they often are in conservative or british media . 
  well , okay , except there 's still at least one big french-bashing article in a major newspaper at least once a month , and once every week in the uk . 
  british media have been claiming france is going to shit for centuries ( same for the eu , basically every week for the last 30 years , there 's an article claiming it 's done for ) , they really , really ca n't be trusted , particularly the economist which basically does n't understand that not all countries want to become a clone of a city-dominated britain . 
  not really into ww1 ?!? 
  you realize we won that one , with more casualties in one war than american casualties in all the us ' history , right ? 
  i do n't know , but the socialists seem to already consider they 're done for when it comes to the next presidential election . 
  even the most leftist journalists pretty much imply that whoever gains the nomination on the right will win . 
  `` taking money from gaddafi to win an election '' there is no proof this happened , and the people who made this claim are both untrustworthy considering they 're people who make no secret of their hatred of sarkozy and because it 's in their interests to destroy him . 
  `` the previous 2 world wars were - in europe - between primarily the uk and germany '' actually , on the continent ww1 was primarily between france and germany . 
  in that case , the uk is apparently begging to be hated . 
  french diplomats wo n't ignore them at all , i 'm pretty sure they 'll display even more eu flags . 
  totally deserved , in that case . 
  you 're aware that british diplomats pretty much explicitly explained after the suez crisis that their foreign policy should always coincide with that of the us , right ? 
  basically , the us and the uk have similar interests precisely because the uk has decided that the us ' interests were their interests . 
  `` however , the uk does not have a tradition of blaming foreigners . '', 
  so hilariously out-of-touch . 
  after reading the article , in my opinion , the british government can go fuck itself . 
  i hope we 'll display the eu flag everywhere . 
  never said french news were wonderful , just that there was no equivalent to this weird french/europe-bashing . 
  problem is the economist is one of the most guilty of this french bashing . 
  like i said , they 're not always wrong , but when it comes to france , they basically seem to fail to understand why the french refuse to be exactly like britain . 
  british/american = of american or of british origin . 
  both countries ' media have a weird obsession with bashing france out of nowhere pretty regularly . 
  `` feel good trash-talking about the other side of the atlantic is popular on the two sides . '', 
  never saw french media bashing the us or the british on a weekly basis through pure disinformation or really stupid stereotypes . 
  sigh ... and yet another dramatic article from british/american media about how france is on its way to become a hellhole . 
  they may not always be entirely , completely wrong , but when it becomes a weekly thing and has been going on for goddamn decades it gets kind of annoying . 
  tons of americans went along with him though . 
  i quite remember the mean-spirited , ignorance-fueled anti-french propaganda after france refused to follow bush in iraq , and a large part of the american population was and is still quite happy to believe it . 
  i disagree , the french-bashing in anglo/american media is painfully obvious . 
  like a precedent comment said , every three month or so a major `` anglo '' media makes ( often at random , it seems ) the claim that france , its culture/economy/society is about to implode , with no small amounts of stereotypes and utterly inaccurate bs thrown in the middle . 
  recently , this kind of article has been getting so popular that french embassies and ministers have actually reacted as they are attracting tons of attention despite most of them being ridiculously inaccurate and sensationalists . 
  ( the widespread claim that france had forbidden work at 6 pm a week or so ago is a good example . ), 
  also , it 's not a fear of `` english colonial overlords '' as much as british and american media basically using the supposedly imploding france as a diversion from their own countries ' problems . 
  ah yes , it 's all fine then . 
  this french flair ... are you a traitor ? 
  french sperm is obviously considered as toxic in the uk . 
  too bad democracy can not be measured so easily and that it 's from the economist , which is far from an objective newspaper . 
  plus , it 's the economist . 
  not really the most objective newspaper in the world . 
  i did n't know louis xvi was tall , i always imagined him as short and pudgy . 
  i guess the image that prevails in popular culture is the one spread by revolutionary propaganda . 
  he always writes in both english and french , and you guys seriously need to stop presenting him as some sort of crazy french-language fanatic who misses the glory days , he has never ever said anything in that sense . 
  he just thinks that since europe is made of various different cultures some diversity , including in the comments , is welcome . 
  you can disagree , but stop presenting him as something he is not . 
  also , `` garbage language '' , `` go back to the minitel '' , really ? 
  fuck your casual xenophobia . 
  france actually has historically had both famously short and ridiculously tall leaders  napoleon , mitterand , sarkozy , hollande were/are rather short ( though napoleon was only short compared to well-fed aristocrats and huge badass soldiers , as he was actually average for his time period ) . 
  on the other hand , king francis i was famously extremely tall , handsome and well built , and de gaulle was so ridiculously tall that he towered over everybody , all the time . 
  chirac was also taller than most . 
  why `` true patriots '' ? 
  their move had nothing to do with the us ... 
  i like how english-speaking media never mentionned the anonymous french guy who was the first to put himself between the passengers and the terrorist . 
  but i guess it did n't go well with the `` americans are badasses , french are pussies '' circlejerk that started immediatly ;-), 
  hey , do n't be sad , you still got pizza . 
  never met anyone who did n't have a decent idea of where france was . 
  this is the best answer for france . 
  the girl who asked me that was definitely not joking , i assure you . 
  she tried to justify her question by claiming she 'd never been to france and that she thought we used bikes instead -_-, 
  during one of my vacations in britain , a british person asked me if we had cars in france o_o never underestimate how dumb some people can be , whatever country they are from . 
  i 've seen various times americans associating us with that hand gesture with a kissing noise that is really an italian cliche ( that probably no italian ever does ) and other `` italian lover '' stereotypes . 
  even some physical representations of french people fit way more with italy than france . 
  for example , look at the film ratatouille , a lot of the supposedly french things in the movie , including a big part of the movie 's soundtrack , feel way more italian than french . 
  also , a huge number of `` french surrender jokes '' are techically `` italian surrender jokes '' that were adapted to fit the american stereotype , even though they are far less accurate . 
  no one really confuses france for an other country , though americans often seem to associate with us various stereotypes which are really more italian . 
   the parents had n't told anyone where they were going , nor how many they were . 
  there is no need to . 
  i went to the white sands national park , there is a place there for tourists ( and that 's the only place they could start from considering the whole place is under close watch by the military which tests missiles around ) from where you take your car and park among the dunes to take a stroll there . 
  obviously these guys were a little too enthusiastic or simply got lost ( not difficult to imagine , the landscape is the same all around ) and it ended up badly , but there was no reason to tell anyone where they were going considering it 's a place specifically made to walk freely in the dunes . 
  they died 2 kilometers from the parking , they did n't leave for a 3-day hike . 
  british tabloids strike again with shitty articles !, 
  france : it depends of the region , but overall as a country , i 'd say britain , in a '' [ you complete me ] ( http://media.giphy.com/media/lxirwuhrsp6gqw6ts/giphy.gif ) '' kind of way , and spain and italy which we see as kind of our siblings ( italy in particular ) . 
  as for french-speaking parts of countries such as belgium or switzerland , we barely regard them as foreign . 
  as i said in an other thread , 99 % of my activity on reddit is just lurking , particularly on `` history '' subreddits , i mostly comment on what i know here , which is generally about france . 
  edit : also , did you create a reddit account just to spit an insult like that ? 
   the key word is `` collaborate '' . 
  while other countries fought against the nazis and tried to save the jews , the french helped them load the jews on trains . 
  many other countries collaborated .
