  just because you have plans on stuff like that does n't mean you are going to pull it off . 
  it 's the job of the people working there to think about all possible situations . 
  one must be really disillusioned to believe that the ussr had n't planned something similar . 
  * `` pavel andreyevich [ the agent 's alias ] says that the nato documents obtained by him signaled that the dissolution of the ussr was only the first stage , '' brilev noted . 
  * - maybe this gets lost in the translation but it sounds like he 's saying that nato was responsible for the collapse of the ussr ? 
  especially the last part sounds like a somewhat lame excuse to take all former land of the soviet union back . 
  just send them to bavaria . 
  they can imprison them forever . 
  what i have seen from cretans in germany shines another light on their alcohol consumption . 
  my father actually visited crete back in the days and people in the villages would start drinking a lot of beer while eating lunch ( according to them not really alcohol ) and then start with wine . 
  in the evening they got their booze out and got wasted . 
  i am talking about small villages where normally no tourist would go to . 
  but maybe that changed . 
  will napalm suffice ? 
  it might be expensive but we must save the forest from the bugs !, 
  you sure they are from crete ? 
  they do n't seem to be drunk . 
  just burn the whole forest down . 
  no trees no bugs . 
  if you live in nrw you will see more federal flags . 
  righteous people from the rheinland do n't want to be associated with westfalen and the other way around . 
  no one cares about lippe though . 
  well firstly the government does n't need to approve news articles and secondly newspapers love to publish controversial topics . 
  they sell good . 
  yes i did . 
  it 's not only about this one article . 
  they are voted for half by the parliament other half by the federal council . 
  they have a single term of 12 years . 
  you guys could learn a thing or two from us, 
  this is the disturbing thing . 
  i would understand it if the lower quality products would be cheapery, 
  gosh reply faster , do n't make this boring . 
  no no that 's not how you would play this game . 
  you insisted that i first had to support my claim . 
  so you have to do now . 
  or are you saying that i was right all along ? 
  do we ? 
  where is your source on this ? 
  what jews ? 
  we killed all . 
  / s now answer to my previous question . 
  how can you be this salty ? 
  you turned immediately hostile . 
  why ca n't you stand the idea that there maybe is a stronger anti polish sentiment in the u.k. than in other countries ? 
  the link posted provided some info on it and it seems problems exist beyond single cases . 
  why do i have bigoted views ? 
  what is my agenda if it is so obviously ? 
  but it can be an indicator . 
  moar salt please . 
  you are truly hilarious . 
  thank you . 
  i was occupied by answering all the replies . 
  so there seems to be a stronger resentment against poles in the u.k. than in other countries . 
  all i wanted was an answer on my question and not this useless debate . 
  yes i thought of that . 
  i actually wanted that someone from the u.k. might answer to my question to give me a better insight . 
  but all i got was this bloke who called me a racist in his passive aggressive way . 
  hm i was n't aware of the demographic aspect . 
  i assumed that they would have even lower numbers of poles living there compared to germany . 
  than they do n't know anything about turkey tbf . 
  so if i draw my own conclusion based on several different sources that 's wrong ? 
  yes the article never said that , but what i said was the conclusion i drew out of it and others . 
  also your claim is that my claim is wrong . 
  but why would i believe you if you ca n't support your opinion ? 
  show me that i am wrong . 
  still waiting for anything that supports your opinion . 
  actually yes , there is the obvious conflict between kurds and turks . 
  good response . 
  you still have n't provided anything to support you opinion , besides your own . 
  well i have at least one source . 
  he has none just like you . 
  but it 's always fun to trigger people who sit on a high horse . 
  is n't it a claim if you say my claim is wrong ? 
  well i am sure not going to dig up all the previous posts here . 
  you can if you want too . 
  where did i state that i am not familiar with sources ? 
  i am the only one that actually brought up a source until this point . 
  you on the other hand are just claiming things and calling me racist . 
  i never said that the article said that ? 
  i just came to the conclusion that , based on this and other articles , poles seemingly have a harder time in the u.k. because of their background . 
  well i referred to this article and you then referred to others that have bee posted here . 
  i would say that supports my opinion . 
  all you did on the other hand was saying that it is just not true/exaggerated , without anything backing that claim up . 
  this article and several others that have been posted before here ? 
  you do n't get that news from other countries . 
  actually that would be the point where you need to support your opinion with evidence . 
  but all the news in which poles are treated badly are almost always from the u.k. ? 
  why are polish people so hated in the u.k. ? 
  i lived my whole life in europe . 
  i would say that 's the most european experience possible . 
  it does n't mean that the refugee status ca n't be denied . 
  good hipsters by overpriced and useless products . 
  just seems that both sides have problems , using kids who ca n't properly form an own opinion for their cause . 
  also i wanted to see if op would defend it because it . 
  i have questions . 
  like what exactly do you teach 3 year old soldiers ? 
  do n't you have the same shit in russia ? 
  like this amusement park were you storm the reichstag ? 
  the hamburg where you wear lederhosen to celebrate your german heritage . 
  so probably pennsylvania .
