it has an historical value as it is from 1901 . 
  as far as i know the one in wuppertal is the only one . 
  it once carried an elephant which broke through the wall and then plumbed into the river . 
  the elephant was fine afterwards . 
  whatever you choose to believe . 
  stop being butthurt about germany . 
  that 's just childish . 
  never knew that people were so afraid of a unified germany . 
  hard to believe that people actually thought , that we would get the old ss uniforms of our grandparents out of the closet and take a stroll . 
  your bait needs more salt . 
  to decapitate someone turns out to be way more efficient and takes less time . / s, 
  you must also remind yourself that the syrian refugees are mostly young males . 
  that also inflicts the numbers . 
  germany is still safer than the us . 
  you also know what you said is overly exaggerated . 
  wait are you legit ? 
  wow you insulted me i am going to the police as well . 
  nice trolling of you . 
  5/7 made me respond . 
  in germany , which is objectively safer than the us . 
  but what 's with the polish death camps ? 
  / s do you seriously believe that germany is denying/trying to forget the crimes of the past ? 
  oh boy : https://www.ifitweremyhome.com/compare/de/us, 
  as i lately checked statistics there were more cases of raping in 2003/2004 than in 2015 . 
  he 's just openly racist . 
  too edgy for me . 
  did n't she said that this would be her last term ? 
  but were n't the last terrorist attacks in france focused on security forces ? 
  like the guy that drove into the group of soldiers . 
  i guess they are on the streets to take the punch for everyone else . 
   eu commissioners doing `` nothing '' * why am i paying for this shit !, 
  *  eu commissioners doing something * why am i paying for this shit !, 
  australia is going to steal the u.k.s place like the descendants of criminals they are . 
  the budget cuts also affected the design team . 
  obviously they claim something might it be true or not . 
  for example you could say that you are from eritrea and you were about to be drafted into the military . 
  mix that up with a `` lost '' passport and some creativity and your in . 
  problem is you ca n't just send them back if they apply for asylum within the current rules . 
  i doubt that these chinese tourists watched a german documentary from like 3 years ago . 
  i am not denying anything . 
  my point is that you ca n't easily say that the nazis were just democratically legitimate . 
  no but you are blowing it out of proportion as you decided to rant . 
  you are just talking shit without any sources . 
  especially the last part . 
  all i am saying is that the nazis are not democratically legitimate . 
  no i am using the normal concept of democratic legitimacy . 
  they are only democratic legitimate as long as the people are involved in the decision making ( through votes ) . 
  in fact people were n't involved in the decision making since 1933 while the war started 1939 . 
  the nazis removed all possible ways of democratic participation . 
  they are not legitimate because they created a dictatorship . 
  they were granted power legally but that legitimation granted through the vote does not mean that they were entitled to create their fascist state . 
  yeah we did . 
  people really need to stop accepting low reparations from us . 
  both were controlled by a leading clique . 
  both were not legitimate . 
  you are pretty deluded if you believe that even a majority would wanted all of this . 
  if so why did n't everyone voted for him ? 
  they also wanted some more reparations . 
  dictatorship no ? 
  who comes that you believe that ? 
  is it because of the killed opposition or that the nazi party was the only party allowed ? 
  what gave it away ? 
  but it is n't a free election . 
  unless you think arresting 1 party completely and prosecution of others is cool with democracy . 
  you are referring to the vote of march 1933 . 
  this is commonly seen as a not completely free election as the nazis already revoked a lot of rights and arrested parts of the opposition ( socialists and communists ) . 
  well at least he did n't shit or pissed himself . 
  the country in which your mother lives / s, 
  * by free will * ? 
  nsdap got around 33,1 % votes in the last democratic election before they took over the power in an non democratic way.how many poles supported the communist party ? 
  how drunk was he ? 
  yes as you fail to see that even if all of poland was incorporated that would even more make it more plausible that the germans controlled these camps . 
  wait we are talking about germany what has that to to with other countries ? 
  ww1/2 is a topic that is extensively discussed in class . 
  you are a troll 2 . 
  it was partly incorporated and occupied . 
  * sneak in a lie * you are talking like people would actually think/believe that those camps were run by poles . 
  you have to be pretty stupid if you can not make the connection between germans occupying poland and killing jews and others and the fact that those camps were run by germans . 
  i mean wtf poland was all occupied * `` but not those camps we do n't know what 's those cheeky poles did there !, 
  '' * clearly not the intention of the documentary to shift any blame . 
  that sounds familiar ... greece did it first !, 
  * we are talking here about huge sums , and also about the fact that germany for many years refused to take responsibility for world war ii , '' he said . 
  * dafuq did i just read ? 
  do i sense doubts ? 
  just go on wikipedia if you are uncertain . 
  yes . 
  edit : but even then they could only form a government with a coalition partner . 
  correct in the last democratic election the nsdap gained 33,1 % of the votes . 
  but that did n't put hitler in power . 
  hitler was directly appointed by president hindenburg . 
  i have no words for this ... 
  * to continue the containment and dismemberment of russia * ussr fucked itself over and other did n't want to be part of that . 
  sorry i did n't understand him correctly i was talking about a reunification right after the war . 
  regarding your question : yes they were concerned that a unified germany is to powerful/dangerous or whatever . 
  france and the us and the russians helped out though . 
  you where talking shit in the first place . 
  [ 3 ] [ 4 ] * - german wikipedia i do n't see how it appears so strange to you that all countries liberated by the soviets turned into communist countries . 
  yes they were in favour of a unified germany under a communist puppet government . 
  you also just somehow forgot all the time when the ussr annexed someone . 
  and the allies had a plan laying around to convert germany into an divided agricultural state but they did n't do it .
