  * my family is from hamburg by the way *, 
  * `` fuck you i am millwall ! '', 
  * oh sweet bro i am 3/78 german myself !, 
  well at least as far as i know it 's a common stereotype that brits an argentinians do n't get along quite perfectly . 
  as far for germany it was n't really a big deal . 
  i talked about it with people old enough to remember and , no offence intended , it was clear for them that the uk would mob the floor with argentina . 
  yes i know that . 
  the kieven rus ? 
  i just wanted to point out that there were vikings in eastern europe . 
  yes but if he wants to eat a schnitzel with sauce he must stay away from austria or the mob will kill him . 
  i never said that . 
  if we would talk about stereotypes i would say that the englishman would dislike the argentinian the most . 
  all others would probably have a neutral stance on him . 
  a lot i would say 2 . 
  irl : nazi safe harbour / online : white and european 3 . 
  depends entirely on the class . 
  we traveled to barcelona , the class before us to estonia . 
  i was referring to this : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/kievan_rus%27, 
  because you are vikings . 
  thx . 
  i 'll guess everyone deserves a third chance . 
  and after 25 years of loyal service they may receive the german/holy roman citizenship . 
  germans and therefore austrians in some degree are apparently staring in the eyes of others . 
  heard that complaint before . 
  it 's funny that in his comics , trump always looks fit/younger . 
  the schanze yes , the rest no . 
  they could at least made him look friendly . 
  it 's not even that bad . 
  i mean no one died . 
  it 's maybe easy to miss out but the vast majority of the protests were actually peaceful . 
  i have read that the fire department had to put out 161 fires in total . 
  i guess that includes cars . 
  they mostly broke into businesses on the schanze , which is basically just one street . 
  it was just your normal g20 protest . 
  like always far left extremist used it for their shit though . 
  yeah france and the u.k. seem like trustworthy allies that would help you out . 
  maybe we can get to an agreement . 
  * this is not a drill gentlemen . 
  justified use of violence . 
  they ignored the sign that said : * do n't step on the grass *, 
  in germany its a blitzer . 
  edit : blitz = lighting, 
  yeah in some countries policemen really are thugs . 
  sorry bromania . 
  it is not about thoughts . 
  thoughts are not forbidden . 
  tbf leftist propaganda almost never fulfils an offence . 
  which is easier to accomplish for right wing propaganda concerning all the racism . 
  yes they raided some who posted illegal stuff on a special action day against those type of crimes . 
  they arrested someone for trying to dazzle a police helicopter with an laser pointer . 
  charged him for attempted murder . 
  capitalism . 
  actually yes as the police rolled over this street last night . 
  it is not a life threatening situation . 
  they are well protected and thus do n't need to use deadly force . 
  no i do n't think the police deserves it . 
  then you have a strange concept of appropriateness in my opinion . 
  the police should only use deadly force when they are themselves in a life threatening situation or others . 
  getting punched against your chest in full riot gear surrounded by your colleagues is clearly not that dangerous . 
  no with my logic everyone uses his mind and acts with the right appropriateness . 
  but a not proportional use of deadly force is also above the law . 
  the police also should not stand above the law . 
  seems acceptable . 
  with that logic anyone should be shot for anything to prevent crime . 
  then almost every protest would be a bloodbath at some point . 
  by looking at his face it seems boring to kill 1360 serbs with a knife in one day . 
  they see themselves justified . 
  wait , so if i would break your window or damage your car you want the police to shoot me ? 
  i guess he was talking about an actual gun . 
  you could argue that shooting people with machine guns for damaging property is out of proportion . 
  we should n't go full belarus in my opinion though . 
  it 's actually illegal to cover you face in that way . 
  does n't count no shields . 
  do n't let him fool you . 
  the police already used all of this and does so normally . 
  you said yourself that germans should finally get over world war 2 . 
  apparently poles should do that too . 
  you are the prime example of an butthurt pole . 
  i think polands making a big plus out of the eu . 
  if you ca n't contribute money you should contribute more solidarity . 
  haha get back working on the fields . 
  crops do n't collect themselves . 
  you got more money than western europe out of the marshall plan though . 
  had a good laugh . 
  maybe when poland is a relevant first world country . 
  are you talking about the morgentau plan ? 
  nice try but the_dolan told me that germans ignore islamic terror and only focus on the right wing . 
  then the british pm is n't held to account for anything he does in his position as pm , because the voters only elected him as an mp . 
  edit : that would also break the legitimacy of the office as the pm would only got his legitimacy out of the few people that voted him to be mp . 
  are you sure that you need to be an elected mp to be appointed for the office of prime minister ? 
  in germany at least you do n't need that . 
  that 's because you are legitimised by the mps that voted for you . 
  that 's how it normally goes : the public votes for the mps and the mps in the parliament vote for the government . 
  yes . 
  but you voted for the mps ? 
  they need to vote for him ? 
  also you voted for the person that represents the country in the european council eg . 
  the head of the state/government . 
  i do n't know how it works in the uk but in germany the president appoints the chancellor and the parliament has to vote . 
  why is n't he elected ?
