  very unfortunate that you have to proof that they did something illegal before you can arrest them . 
  a real shame . 
  edit : / s, 
  so protecting your personal honour is a terrible oppression ? 
  obviously there is restrictions . 
  are n't there any restrictions in switzerland ? 
  can you just openly call for violence against people or threaten them ? 
  true in article 5 of our constitution it clearly says no free speech / s, 
  finally they take more action against those who think they can hide their criminal activities on the internet . 
  although the new law , maas wants to push trough is total bullshit . 
  it also makes fun of turks and erdogan . 
  germany respects shitposting of all kinds : https://www.titanic-magazin.de/postkarten/karte/noch-ein-nazivergleich-frohe-ostern-liebe-tuerken-042017-27336/, 
  would n't even be blurred in germany if they count ops shitposting as art . 
  no we ca n't have nice things . 
  yours too apparently . 
  bad germoney , always giving other countries money just to steal it at the same time . 
  i am quite happy that brits embarrass themselves more than germans do apparently . 
  but i guess everyone has his drunk british tourist story . 
  apparently they only vote for one representative in their local area . 
  so if this area is 50 % * 1 for one party the rest of the votes have no effect . 
  with the second vote , smaller parties also have a chance and more people get represented . 
  our system works like the welsh one . 
  this should be a thing for the whole of the united kingdom anyway . 
  so you guys do n't have two votes ? 
  unless you have been to majorca . 
  then you never thought that brits were classy . 
  edit : apparently everyone is mad because i used the english version : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/majorca, 
  well it will probably last longer than the modern ones with the onboard computers . 
  it is an annoying meme . 
  like i would say that d\u00f6ner kebab is german . 
  well i am more surprised that this tractor is still functional . 
  * one union to rule them all , one union to find them , one union to bring them all , and in the darkness bind them *, 
  quiet vassal , do n't make your liege lord look bad in the eyes of our lord !, 
  it 's eussr , please stick to the script . 
  are you genuinely nuts ? 
  do you have anything to proof your point besides your feelings ? 
  thank you my american overlord . 
  * puts on tinfoil hat * enlighten me please . 
  well actually since the occupation ended , we did allow them to stay here . 
  ignoring the past like nothing has happened = nazi not ignoring the past = guilt ridden cuck there is no winning in this game for us . 
  the art of german memes . 
  the official version used by the nsdap is : `` heil erstmal xd '', 
  congrats you found the problem . 
  normally a court would decide that . 
  damn ships are expensive . 
  what about tschechische republik ? 
  be russia perform an amphibious landing in mecklenburg-vorpommern rush b ( erlin ) easy win gg, 
  it does n't say anything if it is an offensive or defensive war right ? 
  well it 's almost exclusively eastern europeans collecting the crops on our fields ... 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  not sure about poland : https://youtu.be/wulm9efau6k, 
  yes german politicians and people constantly talk abut how shitty and backwards eastern europe is . 
  what happens to them is not really of importance , although they make a nice cheap workforce . 
  do n't we already control dutch tank divisions ? 
  edit : apparently it 's more complicated . 
  what 's up with your government and surveillance anyway ? 
  yes because the only thing protecting you from the gestapo is not having an id card . 
  is there a reason why they rather would join up with germany ? 
  i always thought they would go for france . 
  i have heard that the only thing that keeps belgium together is the monarchy . 
  also what would presumably happen to the german part of belgium ? 
  just asking because you seem to have some insight about that topic . 
  so it 's like the rest of reddit but in german . 
  i thought it was only a german thing ? 
  be american commit an accident die in prison of old age, 
  interesting how americans still believe that the horrific prison conditions in the us and long years in it are actually something good . 
  it does n't even effect the committed crimes . 
  after all this case also looks like an accident . 
  interesting video about this topic : https://youtu.be/wtv5ev6813i, 
  it was just not worthy of the first place in my opinion . 
  not deserved . 
  do n't count the eu points then . 
  hungary deserved it . 
  that relief . 
  the people will vote for us right ? 
  i mean everyone loves germany . 
  omg ireland best country !, 
  hate on germany : confirmed edit : thanks ireland . 
  i will be mad if spain wins over germany . 
  national shame and a defeat . 
  it 's ww2 all over again ... 
  german commentator just ignored it . 
  australia was a mistake . 
  was an sms for me . 
  i was talking about that strange instrument . 
  can we vote for this song ? 
  it also has the needed meme potential with those hairy thing . 
  dafuq is this ? 
  this is where the fun begins . 
  portugals guy looked like the butler from scary movie with his little hands . 
  dat chain mail . 
  damn son . 
  hungary has my vote . 
  they are going for the meme vote . 
  people born in the last century  people from this century, 
  well that could have been a lot worse . 
  hold me guys i am scared, 
  i do n't even have a clue about our song . 
  i do n't even know her , but it can only be better than last year right ? 
  vote for germany plox we are desperate after last time .
