  the president of the commission needs to be appointed by the european council and then the european parliament needs to vote for him . 
  yeah it would be highly complicated to let the voter determine what is an important debate . 
  but it would also interfere with the rights of meps to decide what they want to talk about . 
  because normally people attend to a debate that is important for everyone . 
  like in this case where a pm speaks . 
  because not everyone can contribute in a debate in the parliament . 
  also the actual debate takes place in the committees . 
  you do n't have to sit in the parliament all day and listen to things you do n't understand or can contribute to because it is not your field . 
  most of the work does n't take place in the parliament itself but in committees . 
  til you are getting paid to sit and not to do actual things as an mep . 
  the laws are actually way older . 
  from way before ww2 . 
  stupid from your government to except these peanuts in the past then . 
  also your comment on germany not existing makes no sense . 
  it 's as bad as guantanamo bay . 
  they say crime is undefined maybe they should by a criminal code . 
  there are soviet documents that are based on agreements between poland and the soviet union . 
  it does n't matter that the un does n't got a copy of it . 
  face it you ca n't make more money out of your victim role . 
  you do n't understand that poland waived its right for further reparations in 1953 ? 
  also what 's your point ? 
  you want money from us , well you got it already . 
  the constitutional court got your back . 
  from the eu , guess who 's paying the biggest part of that . 
  you are right i just found out that it has been settled even before that in 1953 as poland waived its right for further reparations along with the soviet union . 
  edit : also do n't forget about all the land you got from germany . 
  i thought they dropped that in 2004 when schr\u00f6der had a talk with the polish president at this time ? 
  also read the article how much money poland got . 
  how long can you play the victim card ? 
  probably as long as people play the nazi card . 
  literally the first sentence says that it all stated with henry wanting an annulment of his marriage . 
  the government buildings in berlin maybe . 
  i thought the problem was henry viii, 
  the government spends money on discrediting a public person ? 
  it should n't be but some time ago bismarck decided to fuck with the catholic church thus making marriage the governments business . 
  at least if i recall correctly . 
  shh it 's our secret plan to keep them weak , so they may never uprise against their overlords . 
  protesting is hard when you 're 70 +, 
  i have no idea who this is . 
  this is what americans must feel like . 
  what are you guys currently using in that class ? 
  any plans on buying some pumas as well ? 
  that 's ... that 's kind of hot actually . 
  i thought porn was banned in the u.k. ? 
  so merkel and orban have something in common i see . 
  yes that 's what i said . 
  i just wanted to provide some extra knowledge . 
  the german constitution mentions god in its preamble . 
  some people ... 
  good meme . 
  true we only think of you as serfs . 
  how does it come that you think that way ? 
  yes there is . 
  you can look it up in the german constitution . 
  edit : article 21, 
  it 's not hard to move 10 people . 
  but what can one do without abandoning the principles of a law state ? 
  concerning the second , try to understand it as like the government is n't allowed to physically harm you without reason . 
  because of that is also has the responsibility to protect you from that harm . 
  i would say that a ideology is like a thought , something in your head . 
  thoughts are not forbidden . 
  on the other hand you are right a movement is the physical embodiment of that ideology . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/intention_ ( criminal_law ), 
  same goes for you . 
  again interesting how you differ between calls for violence between muslims and non muslims like one is better than the other . 
  besides that human dignity is a core principle it protects the citizen from the state . 
  edit : since your edited your comment , i recommend you to check out on constitutions around the world . 
  they often leave space for interpretation . 
  the most common interpretation in germany for human dignity would be that the state is not allowed to use its people as a mere tool and degrade them . 
  obviously no one does . 
  the way you wrote in your last comment made it look like collecting evidence is the worst thing ever . 
  there is a pretty large difference between insulting someone and threatening someone . 
  you really believe they go in guns blazing and kicking in doors do you ? 
  without obtaining evidence how can you rightly prosecute someone for his crimes ? 
  well according to the post you send , she got into trouble because she shared the racist stuff other people commented under this picture . 
  no the movement is illegal not the ideology . 
  no you need the intention to be punished in the cases of the first paragraph . 
  so they should found a new organisation just to focus on muslim hate speech ? 
  also interesting that you do n't understand the concept of human dignity . 
  so first where does it state that this was a joke ? 
  second she had to pay a fine because of the comments under the picture she shared online . 
  did you even read that article ? 
  then someone needs to report this and press charges against it . 
  if not the police ca n't possibly know that . 
  a joke is not suitable to violate the public order . 
  also you need the intention to insult someone . 
  again practically jokes around racist stereotypes are widely spread and can be seen in tv . 
  there are literally demonstrations of neo nazis every month . 
  you do realise that they do n't go on the streets and say that ? 
  you ca n't outlaw an ideology . 
  it 's like outlawing thoughts . 
  just wrong . 
  nooo i do n't want to pay you 20 $ !!, 
  i have n't stated anything different . 
  it is illegal but like i said you obviously first need to proof it which can be problematic . 
  i was being sarcastic i thought it was obvious . 
  so you want unlawful arrests ? 
  without any proof they did something illegal ? 
  in which world is an insult an oppositional thought ? 
  it is just an insult without any deeper meaning or any contribution solely used to negatively effect others .
