without work germany can not into, 
  / r/european made me lose hope in humanity, 
  must be summer , we can go whole days without rain then . 
  stop being so butthurt about britain being pretty :p, 
  the thu'um is strong in this one, 
  did n't think any arch dukes went through there recently, 
  i thought in bulgaria you had to bribe the local police officer to get given your ration of food . 
  as someone from east anglia here i 'm upset you did n't mention the lovely turnips we grow, 
   how often are you on reddit in an average week ? 
  i browse it on and off throughout the day , every day  how often do you visit / r/europe ? 
  varies from 15 mins to 45 mins if good stuff is on front page . 
   what country are you normally resident in ? 
  uk  do you speak any languages besides english ? 
  ( if yes : which and to what level ? ), 
  very , very low level of german and esperanto  what interests you about europe ? 
  i find it interesting to learn of other places . 
  i 've always wanted to live abroad and europe is the best continent in the world . 
   what are your favourite and least favourite things about / r/europe ? 
  my least favourite part can be the hostility to people outside of europe notably in immigration discussions . 
  however i like that it remains an open discussion . 
  my favourite part is that you learn a lot about other countries you wo n't hear on tv or in the news . 
  the everyday differences is interesting to learn about . 
   do you have experience as a moderator or similar ? 
  not really , no . 
   why do you want to be a moderator ? 
  i browse around on here a lot and would like to do something other than upvote and make the odd comment  why do you think you would be a good moderator ? 
  i like to see an open discussion with only the actively hostile comments disrupted . 
  i believe only a hands off approach is really helpful as a more honest discussion can be had . 
   do you have any expirence with statistics , datamining or reddit bots ? 
  i do n't know what kind of data reddit aquires but i can go through data as i have done statisitcs before . 
   what is your opinion on the immigration megathread ? 
  what do you think went wrong ( if anything ) ? 
  n/a  what 's one weakness you have ? 
  scheduling , if i became a mod i would be on and rather random times and not really consistently . 
   would you rather fight one horse sized duck or one hundred duck sized horses ? 
  horse sized duck , mass of the duck will appear to increase much more than the diameter of the legs , legs break immediately . 
  easy fight . 
   what single word connects all of these three of the following words : europe , pussy cat , teacher ? 
  explain why ? 
  english . 
  all the words are in english . 
  wait they 're different countries , thought it was just hispania :p, 
  haha , you can watch porn in the uk . 
  just fisting and other such ca n't be made here . 
  how uptight, 
  do n't say that . 
  that is a proven method used by every british newspaper, 
  very little of london is nice to go to . 
  suppose its like that with every city . 
  i 'd love to vote for them if they had a chance of getting much power in our terrible fptp system, 
  i wish i could just sit on the street and beg all day . 
  oh wait no one wants to do that out of choice . 
  i hate that people look at the euro just as an economic move , the political unity is the largest goal of it . 
  something that 's usually ignored by people who are anti-euro . 
  a greater combined european identity, 
  ahh , yes . 
  interesting charts , very ... ^ help, 
  hurts bro , we do n't all hate the eu, 
  what i do n't understand is why do n't they use rc , does another country abbreviate to rc that got there first ? 
  not really , britain is the name of the area consisting of england , scotland and wales . 
  it 's more like calling the nordic countries scandinavia , a lot of it is in that group but bits lie outside of it . 
  wait who puts ` of ' in an acronym , that 's just weird, 
  you can vote until 10pm , but i do agree . 
  it does make it bias, 
  the idea is that if they on thursday there will be less drunks voting . 
  the eu is the only thing that makes us relevant any more , we leave and then we will get surpassed when the eu bounces back . 
  i feel like we are jumping ship when the boat gets a bit low in the water , but it can still be fixed . 
  i 'm really starting to think i 'm the only british pro-eu person in this subreddit, 
  poor costa rica . 
  100 % green energy just is n't good enough now, 
  is n't this normal , i always remember sharing baths with parents when i was a toddler . 
  saves water and time . 
  even if you 've done basic physics you should recognise some letters , so weird people ca n't . 
  remember to keep arms length away from antisemites too, 
  well at the time it was the [ eec ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_economic_community ), 
  we 've been part of the eu since 1973 , most people have n't known a world without it . 
  they do n't know the benefits they receive as its normal . 
  edit - eec and eu are basically the same, 
  i find this hilarious  `` australia has decided to degender their passports . '', 
  but they have n't , they just added a [ third gender ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-pacific-14926598 ) for people of no gender, 
  so no one did the killings ? 
  i think a new name is in order , my passport is n't big enough for all that haha, 
  ww3 , poland does the invading hoorah, 
  in one phrase , `` that 's a nice country you have here ... '', 
  the entire north of england has upset poseidon and is doing an atlantis . 
  now everything is under water . 
  american republicans would n't get votes if these nutters were n't real, 
  is this finnish mid-day ? 
  we do that in england too , just a christmas thing i guess, 
  only vodka can make the pain of no snow go away, 
  only for humanities courses , just ban every non-stem course, 
  have you seen how small the uk parliament room is , everyone hates each other because they get elbowed all the time so they like to shout at each other to ease tension . 
  do they have to spend a lot repairing the building every time they have a riot there haha, 
  i was n't aware albania became independent before , i was just wondering about the states that came after the ottomans dissolved . 
  but then could n't albania claim it as well, 
  would that treaty still exist after the ottoman empire was dissolved ? 
  not by plane though, 
  latvia can not into plane, 
  what 's a portugal ? 
  is n't that the brazilian colony ?
