the packing factory sounds like it could be right . 
  this was back in 2012 . 
  there was a warehouse like area you could go chill in to smoke or drink water . 
  club night there called herr zimmerman ... the club itself might be called something else . 
  best ecstasy night you could ever have . 
  this is selection bias . 
  people who choose to go on erasmus are already more interested than average in other cultures , so are more likely to find cultural differences attractive or worthwhile . 
  this does n't say anything about erasmus broadening people 's minds . 
  i mean i think it does , but this does n't show that . 
  i do n't remember that ever being agreed to . 
  completely agree , but unfortunately it 's a hypocrisy that goes unnoticed particularly across the rest of europe . 
  europeans hate the uk because we do n't want to get involved ( as if it 's unreasonable for us to make our own decision on that front ) then act in such a way that makes us want to not be involved . 
  ` damn brits , ruining our eu project ! ', 
  sorry but surely if your eu project is so strong and inevitable it does n't matter whether or not we 're involved . 
  the lady doth protest too much . 
  i want closer relationships in the current sovereign model . 
  i think creating one federal state runs the risk of homogenization . 
  i like visiting other countries in europe because of their interesting differences , not because of their similarities . 
  and one anthem , one flag ... why ? 
  european football matches would become really boring . 
  why does everyone want union just for the sake of union ? 
  if it leads to good things then fine , but change for the sake of change is stupid and should be avoided . 
  i have to ask ... why are you so intent on the perspective that , ` well if there 's no problem with signing up for the euro , why not do it ? ', 
  the equal opposite is , ` if the pound is n't broken , do n't fix it . ', 
  there are different opinions in this thread about which is better , but brits do n't * want * the euro so we should n't be made to have it , nor coerced , nor talked to as if we ` should ' have it , when the reasons for and against are equally good . 
  this is n't an attack on you , just an analysis of your approach to this question . 
  ` power ' on the world stage is not the only important thing , nor is it necessarily the most important thing . 
  that 's a valid criticism ( and the op here is a good example of that ) . 
  but when there are so many things wrong with the eu from an administrative point of view , one person can only really say ` we need to renegotiate ' and have that accepted before any specific amendments or alterations can be touted . 
  i mean there 's no point in going into massive detail about what should change if the eu goliath has no plans to allow any change in the way it is run at all . 
  any specific manifesto would just be dismissed - ` the eu will continue as it is . 
  there is more to achieve ' . 
  that 's why right now the only tangible eu-skeptic policy coming out is ` renegotiate ' - because until that is firmly on the table , everything else is meaningless . 
  i do n't want to leave the eu at all , but i also do n't think * any * form of government should be allowed to trundle on without any accountability to its citizens . 
  it scares me that there has been a rise of far right , anti-eu , fascist politicians across europe , but it angers me that the response from the eu hub and the fervently-eu politicians is ` well they 're wrong , so let 's ignore them ' . 
  whether those voters are ill-advised and uneducated on the issues is irrelevant , just choosing to ignore them because they disagree with the status quo is a vile form of ` democracy ' . 
  no , it is n't ironic . 
  it 's not ironic at all to insult someone for an insult . 
  hypocritical maybe , but not ironic in even the slightest sense of the word . 
  go to school . 
  where exactly are you from that calling someone a ` retard ' is acceptable , and does n't make you sound like a 13-year old ? 
  there 's literally no irony in my comment at all . 
  you 're rude and i 'm being rude back . 
  what 's interesting is that the subreddit seems to have thought your comment was in some way acceptable . 
  as if ` you are a fucking retard ' is in any way a decent contribution to the thread . 
  i 'd rather be part of a nation that actually takes the time to question a project rather than let it steamroll on by itself , than a nation so desperate for the project 's success that any problems must be ignored . 
  i personally find it very embarrassing how this subreddit as a whole just seems to think ` you 're wrong !, 
  lol so silly . ', 
  is a valid response to anything . 
  itt : a lot of people looking for any excuse to hate on the uk . 
  i 'll give you guys something , if you ever go against the grain of the european project even slightly , you will * be hunted down * . 
  do you ever think that sometimes being excessively pro-europe makes you come across just as foolish as the farrage crowd ? 
  there 's nothing i hate more than self-indulgent people who believe they are intelligent and liberal , and yet will act so dismissively to some legitimate points . 
  the eu is deeply flawed in a lot of ways . 
  pretending those flaws do n't exist is not an answer to anything . 
  oh and you can go sit and snigger by yourself and laugh at the unwashed ukip troglodytes , but at least they put forward their own argument rather than dismissing that of others . 
  you may not agree with them , but they actually have something to say other than `` hehe i am le superior ! '', 
  wow . 
  the guy who calls someone a `` fucking retard '' gets upvoted . 
  this is a terrible subreddit full of circle-jerking , rude pricks . 
  i like it , even if it does reduce an otherwise complex situation . 
  i thought what ama_deo said was fairly self-explanatory , even if he should have gone into much detail . 
  everyone is aware of the eurozone financial crisis , i 'm sure . 
  yeah i do n't understand what 's happening in this thread - a bunch of people cheering who happen to have been living under a rock for the last few years ? 
  and i 'm sitting here still glad my country did n't accept the euro . 
  i 'm glad of closer integration with you , lithuania , but accepting a plagued currency does n't really make much sense . 
  did she die ? 
  except liabilities have already been incurred . 
  in a business you are under obligation to pay your previously incurred liability whether or not the business continued on as before . 
  ( obviously not strictly true due to limited liability , but for analogy sake ) . 
  uk is saying it would not want the current situation to continue . 
  scotland is saying , if so , it will not make good on debts it already has incurred and is responsible for . 
  political nuances aside , one is fine and the other not . 
  i share everything with my friend but decide i want to stop that arrangement . 
  fine . 
  my friend turns around and says well alright , you pay off all the credit card debt i amassed during that time . 
  not ok . on a political note , whether scotland leaves or not , they need to start paying for their tuition and full rate for their drugs . 
  i do n't understand how any person or country can receive so much in free benefits , for no reason , then throw a hissy fit and want to leave . 
  fine , you underwrite all your students costs for no reason , i never understood it anyway . 
  i went to the netherlands , utrecht . 
  tried to pick up the language but mostly did n't because everyone spoke perfect english . 
  best year of my life . 
  i will admit that my overview of russia was an overly simplistic , and therefore erroneous , view of things . 
  i did n't think it was necessary to go into much more detail . 
  however there are a wide variety of social , economic and political problems which mean that for many , not only is russia a less desirable place to emigrate to ( or indeed live in , for native russians ) but also a risky place to invest . 
  according to transparency international , corruption levels in russia are higher than in countries such as uganda or togo . 
  though possibly not a problem for who are capable of navigating this environment , for outside investors it becomes ` tricky ' . 
  many russian oligarchs have developed their personal wealth because they are able to navigate this deftly and use it to their own advantage . 
  http://www.forbes.com/sites/kenrapoza/2013/01/24/russias-three-biggest-problems/ the article also mentions problems with social cohesion , and a desire for professionals and innovators to leave the country and go elsewhere . 
  a country without innovation or which cultivates and utilizes those with talent is doomed to stagnate . 
  that forbes article mentions that in some places , 50 % of professionals are attempting to or have left , citing this as a reason . 
  russia has huge potential , this is undeniable , and included in this is the fact that it is open to outside investors . 
  however there are many underlying illnesses which cause hesitance for people to go there ( when i said ` working ' i was of course referring to owning businesses there , not merely going there for low paid jobs ) . 
  lack of credibility in financial reporting is one of these . 
  of course my phrase ` not nice to live there ' is another oversimplification . 
  russia has many beautiful places and a lot of history . 
  accuse me of bandwagonning if you will , but the problems faced by lgbt in russia right now are pretty heinous and only one representation of how vulnerable the common people in the country are to their political elite . 
  scapegoats can be made scapegoats anywhere , but in some countries it goes a step further and becomes dangerous ; i would say this is a pretty pertinent definition of ` not a nice place to live ' . 
  i would absolutely visit russia , and i know some very nice russians from my years abroad , but i would not choose to live there as it is right now . 
  on the saudi issue : http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/jan/01/saudi-arabia-riyadh-poverty-inequality one quarter of saudis living below the poverty line ( admittedly a british publication but i do n't think that makes much difference here ) .
