i think this study have an american perspective , that 's why they are so close to the center, 
  yes , it is learned it for 7 years , i remember only 6 sentences i prefer speaking english when i go to germany , since most young people at least can understand it, 
  the title is exagerated , it was a firecracker not a f * cking bomb ... 
  you just need a hunting rifle to kill a rhino, 
  my parents are eastern european i was born in france i growed up in france i was educated in france i live in france i work in france i pay my tax in france i am french , and no one can tell me otherwise, 
  they should just put him in a cell and let him rot there , he should be deprived of his right of media coverage . 
  he is a ex-banker , he worked for rothschild, 
  that was n't a sniper . 
  he was a routine police officer who made a mistake because he had the safety off , 2 people were lighty wounded , the bullet grazed the calf of the first one and ended in leg of the second [ source in french ] ( http://www.lepoint.fr/societe/lgv-un-gendarme-tire-accidentellement-et-fait-deux-blesses-legers-lors-d-un-discours-de-hollande-28-02-2017-2108294_23.php ), 
  ok now i am hungry, 
  at least we are number 1 at something, 
  never seen this , at least where i live , people will try to help you even more if you try to speak french, 
  it 's rainy they eat weird stuff their political scene seems more chaotic than ours welch have unpronounceable village names scott do n't like the english like paris , london is really centralised, 
  [ the smurfs are ` anti-semitic and racist ' ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/france/8554973/the-smurfs-are-anti-semitic-and-racist.html ), 
  and anti semitic, 
   propaganda more like sensationalism , to get the most eye catching title first , most of the media are not pushing some agenda on purpose , it 's just that a late facts-checked article is worth a lot less clicks/money than a rushed article with a impresive title, 
  usa number one again !, 
  i growed up reading tintin , asterix , picsou , spirou , blake & mortimer . 
  i am wondering what are the reference for the kids these days ... ? 
  the eu , the immigrants , may because she did n't make it work , ukip for lying , the peoples who did n't vote , cameron for the referundum , the weather ... 
  in short everyone but themselves ... 
  you shoul also try `` tu baise ? '', 
  work everytime, 
   combine this with the history of france trying to destroy the local dialect well before the revolution , french was somehow a foreign language in france , most regions speaked their dialects . 
  then the revolution happened and not speaking french was seen as anti-revolutionary , that 's the reasons why france was trying to destroy the locals diaclects . 
  '' poutres apparentes '' in french, 
  for those who want to know it 's eguisheim , while you are here you can also visit riquewhir and kaysersberg, 
  will certainly remain french , but will keep the semi independant status, 
  fillon macron hamon m\u00e9lanchon le pon becasue all others candidates names end with `` on '', 
  in 882 louis iii king of france died having hit his head and fallen from his horse while chasing a girl with amorous intent . 
  he hit the lintel of a door with his head while mounting his horse and died on impact . 
  why do you think the europeens did n't support you for iraq war ? 
  because this war was unter bullsh-t driven by greed , thanks to this war the me is now a f-cking mess , and now we have a terror attack every month . 
  thanks god , not all americans are f-cking tr-sh republicans like you, 
  it seems cheesy to me ... * ba dam tss, 
  well it already happenned in the past , when it happened , the left & right voted against the fn ... 
  so the fn ca n't win this election . 
  but when it hapenned it 's was a 80 % - 20 % , so yeah fn is gaining ground and if this trend continue then the next elections will be a lot more worrisome ... 
  both side can do a lot of damages to each other and it has never been in eu best interest to give uk a bad deal , but if the uk began to blackmail the eu do n't expect the eu to stay fair , threats tends to alienate your interlocutor . 
  so now if we do n't give what they want they ll hinder the eu project ? 
  seriously this is just stupid ... 
  i do n't think the eu really mind giving them a fair deal , i am more worried about their unreasonable demands ... 
  this article title is a little misleading the fn do not critize him for knowing english , they critizise him for doing a conference in english ... 
  the french nationalists do n't like the fact that english is today 's lingua franca, 
  well italians do n't have that bad , at least you are viewed as sunny people , i am french and everybody just hate french people , everytime you have a video on youtube about france or french people , you just have these boring surrender jokes , and always the sames ones , every single fucking time . 
  paris is actually small for a capital , paris-suburbs are really big, 
  a little late is n't it ? 
  that would be fun to watch , 
  actually most review in the french press is positive about this movie , i only found 1 negative review from le monde , this critic do n't like the fact that the movie only have brits perspectives , where the success of the operation was largely due to french soldiers sacrifice . 
  the film was historicely innacurate , but he was not so bad . 
  i really liked it , no as much as interstellar or inception . 
  it 's was much better than batman vs superman . 
  german live to work , french work to live . 
  hot compared to other world leaders, 
  they are so mean with may , i feel like she is the scapegoat of all of the brexit shitstorm . 
  never heard with french , but i heard it with dutch and flemish, 
  well not really a new threat , but more like a background one who is there since the crimea stuff, 
  not the brexit alone , trump + brexit + erdogan + russia a lot of thing are hapenning and i think europeans are not feeling so safe anymore ... 
  how was france ? 
  lived here for 10 years , nice to see it on reddit, 
  there is a reason why french on internet as so agressive towards american critics on them , for exemple just at at look at any popular video on youtube mentioning the french army , you always have the same jokes about french surrender monkey , white flag , droped gun , reversed track tank , i have seen them a million times , already . 
  i am not saying that all americans are shitting on us , but a lot of `` patriotics '' americans are totally disrecpectfull toward france and what we represent . 
  we are the one of the oldest us allies and a lot of americans have zero respect for us , and see us as a joke . 
  the english and germans have a lot more respect for us and we were enemies for centuries . 
  anglophone countries are richer than francophone , so what ? 
  that 's not my point . 
  and i agree with you that the french government are responsible of today 's disparity between anglophone and francophone africa . 
  because they collude with their corrupt government and are more interested in the exploitation of these countries natural ressources than the the welfare of francophone african citizens . 
  that 's also make me sick . 
  what tick me off is how you directly shit on the french for a problem that concern every army in the world . 
  and your statment about how the frenchs should shut up and not critizise the american hegemony . 
  the us is capable of the best and the worst , the us foreign policy is on the worst side . 
  you ca n't deny that the us foreign policy impact is not on the same scale than the french one . 
  anglophone africa are less shitty ? 
  peacefull countries in africa are the exception not the norms . 
  [ like the us does n't support authoritarian regims !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_authoritarian_regimes_supported_by_the_united_states ) they even supported sadam before the 90 golf war , so bitch please . 
  yes , french are assholes , but us is the king of assholes the fucking number one . 
  this is a grunt in the army , do n't generalize , they are not the smartest bunch . 
  and the french army is overstreched , so they recruit anyone who is in shape , the screening is really thin ... 2 . 
  unfortunetely it happen everywhere there is a [ active military contengency ] ( http://mgafrica.com/article/2016-03-04-shame-un-peacekeepers-from-21-nations-most-of-them-in-africa-accused-of-sexual-abuse-in-new-report ) , but and [ us soldiers are not saints too ] ( http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2015/05/un-human-rights-council-us-military-do-better-victims-sexual-violence/ ) . 
  we are not the only ones to critize the american foreign policy , most of the world do , and for the last 15 years , they did a lot of shit like the irak war who was based a lie ( wmd ) , costed million iraquian lives , thousand of us soldiers lives and finaly destabilized the me who led to today 's chaos , the bush administration created isis , and the americans are also the ones who trained and helped al quaida during the russian-afghan war . 
  so yeah the french intervention are shitty but we are not in the same league as the us ones . 
  well the leclerc is already well know by the aficionados and classed amongs the best modern mbt , it recently gained some reputation because he did better than the abraham mbt during the yemen conflict . 
  more like 80 % german and 50 % french officers speak english, 
  if a man lies with a male as with a woman , both of them have committed an abomination ; they shall surely be put to death ; their blood is upon them . 
  i thought france political environement was a mess then i discovered the english one ... 
  for the curious , it 's a traditional and cultural thing for fidjians to sit down when they meet a head of state . 
  it 's a way to show respect . 
  what is even more annoying , is hat they try to landgrab everything they can , when they already have the bigest country in the world , ca n't they fuck off already, 
  it will never stop until the middle east is pacified , and it all started because the iraq war ... 
  i am so fucking mad at the bush administration who started all this fucking bullshit . 
  and getting even more mad when i see fucking retarded republican fanboyz be proud of this shit , they should get a punch in ther faces and get deported to syria . 
  this mushroom looks really nice . . can we eat it ? 
  i do n't think people who hand in blank ballot agree with either choice , it 's more like they do n't like both so they vote blank , they are using their using their voting rights , people who abstain are the ones who do n't care, 
  sure it 's good country , but too expensive to live there :(, 
  there is a lot of reasons : - she is more likeable than her father - in the last 2 years , ~ 230 people frenchs died thanks to terror attack - there was no refugee crisis - the french economy was not stagnating - a lot of french think that the eu does n't works - the purchasing power has fallen ( thanks to the $ uro & globalization ) - the current left-wing president is really hated - ect ... ect ... 
  in the last 2 years we had ~ 230 people who died in terror attack in france , that 's why she is so high in the polls , maybe voting for her is not the smartest thing to do , but i can understand why people are voting for a xenophobic and nationalist candidate . 
  a big desert with kangourous , koalas , venoumous snakes , spiders & crocodiles, 
  i ll never understand how american university manage to make education so expensive , how can they justify these price ?
