is [ vienna ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ducigvsbma ) by ultravox well known in austria ? 
  it was , for reasons i 've never really understood , a massive hit in the uk and remains an alleged classic of its dismal era . 
  well , fair enough . 
  i do n't think they live there , i think they just work there . 
  i use a vpn for a number of purposed , but for the incredibly creepy , stalkery plan you 're suggesting . 
   the vatican city since divorce is illegal there . 
  everyone who lives there is celibate . 
  jacques brel . 
   anyway , if scotland becomes independent then glasgow and edinburgh wo n't be able to agree on who gets to be the capital edinburgh * already is * the capital . 
  til there 's two different songs called amsterdam by two different belgian singers . 
  istanbul - [ not constantinople ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vsqrkzcytqg ), 
   dundee  [ ... ]  our most important city i do n't know what to make of this . 
  it 's like a guy with cerebral palsy squaring up to pick a fight with you . 
  what do you do ? 
  i mean , you ca n't just laugh at him . 
  that would be mocking the afflicted . 
  but neither can you actually fight him ; that would be beating up a guy with cerebral palsy . 
  abba 's * super trouper * randomly mentions glasgow ( not capital , but largest city ) , mostly because it half-rhymes with `` last show '' . 
  edit : also , [ sunshine on leith ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6bdj4mr0fbc ) by the proclaimers ( leith is the port district of edinburgh , formerly a separate burgh ), 
  there was a bit of a riot by triumphalist british nationalists following the failed independence referendum in 2014 . 
  ca n't think of the last time there was any kind of riot before that . 
  people regularly get arrested protesting peacefully at the faslane naval base . 
  berwick-upon-tweed and carlisle . 
  neither is a political issue in scotland , but rejoining scotland occasionally comes up as a topic in berwick , and i think most of us would be happy to have them back . 
  avoid - high risk of putsch . 
  yes , but the middle east is a big place . 
  the parts of it i travel to are the parts where i feel safe . 
  i would n't feel safe in syria or iraq or yemen , but i would n't * be * safe , i 'd be in a war zone . 
  so i would n't go . 
  if the franco-prussian war of 1870-1871 had n't happened , wwi would n't have happened , which by that logic makes the franco-prussian war of 1870-1871 more tragic still , * et cetera ad infinitum * . 
   the atlantis allegory might have some basis in reality i might have some * similarity to * something in reality . 
  it no doubt has similarities to many things in reality , but plato specifically states that he 's making it up ( or rather , he has socrates say that he 's making it up , but no-one seriously believes the dialogues are verbatim transcripts of conversations that actually took place ) . 
  when he alludes to myths and legends he expects his readers to have heard them before and so merely alludes . 
  when he 's proposing a new myth he says so ; and so he says about atlantis . 
  to believe in atlantis is to miss the point so completely as to believe there is literally a cave somewhere where people live their lives chained to a wall watching shadow plays . 
  oh , everything . 
  although the question specified an event so i 'll go for her first election victory in 1979 . 
  thatcher . 
  seriously ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  german `` bread '' is great , but it 's not bread . 
  england is an island . 
  there 's a difference between federation and devolution . 
  devolution is just a form of local government - the power to change or abolish the devolved administrations rests with the central legislature , which retains full sovereignty . 
  in a federal system , the constituent states delegate specified powers to the federal government , which has no authority to legislate outside its delegated purview . 
  the scottish parliament can be abolished by the uk parliament , without its consent , even if every member of the uk parliament representing scotland votes against it . 
  the us federal government , for example , ca n't abolish the states and appropriate all the states ' power to itself . 
  yes . 
  it would n't stop it from existing completely , but it would kill it as a going concern . 
  scottish independence did n't go from a fringe movement to the majority opinion of under-60 's because we have been suddenly convinced that the nation-state is the only appropriate form of polity . 
  the surge in support for independence we 've seen in the last ten years or so is mostly a result of a loss of faith in the uk 's ability to reform itself . 
  i think if there were a real offer of a reformed , federal uk with more representative democracy and equality of esteem for the nations ( that remained in the single market and the customs union ) the vast majority of scots would prefer it . 
  the snp would continue as a major party in scotland , but they would n't be able to pursue independence actively when in government . 
  the uk and spain are not federations . 
  indigo is certainly in the rainbow as traditionally elaborated in english , but the distinction between indigo and violet is pretty arbitrary . 
  newton wanted there to be seven colours in the spectrum because of the mystical significance of the number seven , but it 's a spectrum , so you can cut it into as many slices as you like , and we 've got three types of colour sensing cells , so six makes more sense . 
  if i met someone who believed it , i would assume they were mentally ill . you know atlantis is n't even a real myth , right ? 
  plato invented it as an allegory . 
  it was n't passed down orally through generations , it was created as a work of fiction at a definite point in history by a definite , specific historical figure . 
  we really fucked northern ireland , though . 
  same as everywhere : fat , stupid , jingoistic . 
  shout out for glasgow . 
  personally i live in edinburgh and i think ( having grown up in glasgow ) that edinburgh 's much nicer , but it 's a lot more expensive and the people are n't as friendly and the public transport is n't as good . 
  the public transport in glasgow really is excellent . 
  the city centre has an underground railway and there 's an extensive suburban overground railway , so you can get anywhere in town from anywhere for miles around reliably within half an hour . 
  the local language is however difficult you find english to be . 
  there is a local dialect that skirts the edges of intelligibility for a standard english speaker , but everyone speaks standard english as well and if they know english is your second language they 'll accommodate you . 
  legal . 
  seller must be licensed and purchaser over the age of 18 . 
  main use is new year and the 5th of november , for the truly bizarre holiday of bonfire night , commemorating a failed attempt by catholic radicals to assassinate james vi and i. 
  while they 're legal all year round , you wo n't actually find them for sale anywhere except specialist suppliers outwith the period of mid-october tonew year . 
  legal but regulated , with some state-run . 
  bookmakers taking bets on sporting events are licensed . 
  casinos are licensed and only open to members and guests of members , new members are n't allowed to gamble until they 've been members for at least 24 hours . 
  there 's a state-run national lottery and there was a state-run bookmaker ( the tote ) until 2011 when it was privatised , which set its odds by aggregating private-sector bookies ' odds . 
  how i feel about it is that it is in general a bad thing that blights many lives , and the people most vulnerable to it are those who can least afford it . 
  there are responsible gamblers , but the problem gamblers are who the bookies make most of their money from . 
  however , criminalising it drives it underground and probably makes the associated problems worse rather than better . 
  i 'm not too happy about the state being involved in promoting and profiting from gambling at all , but the tote was tolerable because it did at least provide the service of establishing a `` fair '' market value for odds so people would know if a particular bookie was offering short odds . 
  i 'm dead against the national lottery , it 's just a tax on innumeracy . 
  lotteries are a terrible way to gamble from an average return point of view -- even worse than casino blackjack -- and they encourage gambling habitually . 
   yes , and that is why you 'd ignore them . 
  hard to do when they 're marching up and down the street outside your church banging drums and singing the famine song while you 're trying to bury your dad . 
   we 'd use those in jest , not malice . 
  they would n't . 
  i mean okay , i will for your benefit if you insist . 
  taig and fenian . 
  well , you identify your neighbours by distinctive male first names - taffy , jock , paddy . 
  i 've noticed quite a lot of englishmen are called dick . 
  germans = krauts french = frogs italians = wops spanish = dagos there are a variety of colourful terms used for the irish by certain sections of scottish society , and unlike the more jocular terms listed above they are used with actual malice . 
  i will not repeat them here . 
  interestingly , we have no term other than `` the english '' for the english . 
  i think this stems less from a lack of desire to insult the english than from thinking that being english is its own punishment and there 's nothing worse we could call them . 
  the proclaimers are known everywhere else , but mostly as a one-hit-wonder . 
  here they 're a national institution . 
  fairly . 
  it 's strongly associated with class , though . 
  encountering a working-class vegetarian would be a remarkable event . 
  no , the whole of ireland was `` british '' from 1801-1920 , and six of her counties remain `` british '' to this day , as integral a part of the state as any other , and if that state is what you regard as your nation then it is a key part of your nation - it 's even represented in your flag . 
  the kingdom of great britain had a different flag , not featuring st patrick 's cross .
