because they are bro-tier, 
  a healthy dosage of nationalism is good . 
  but when you do n't have enough then it seems pretty bad ( see sweden not letting swedish anthem sung in schools or no swedish flags being flown in school and see germany when merkel took off a small german flag and threw it away with a look of disgust ) and if you have too much then you end up nazis and that ilk . 
   merkel  free speech o i am laughing, 
  hmm lets see , a man who committed horrible atrocities how many years ago vs a religion full of people who constantly attack western civilization that are happening multiple times a year . 
  oh yeah very similar . 
  also belgium ! = the us, 
  people will just tweet saying how sad they are about the event and nothing will be done because the eu is fucking incompetent and they will defend islam because god forbid you criticize a religion that spreads hate . 
  was it a christian that ran over those people in nice or was it christians that committed the attacks in the satirist paper or bataklan ? 
  there 's your answer, 
  i made a mistake . 
  see the edit, 
  my mistake he actually said the apostles spreading the word of god is like isis 's conquest . 
  well when you say jesus is like isis , you tend to lose followers edit . 
  my mistake he actually said that the apostles spreading the word of god is like isis 's conquest . 
  munich police said he has an islamist background . 
  withnesses also said he shout `` allah ackbar '', 
  it was confirmed he was a muslim . 
  if he really was a right wing terrorist then i 'd assume he would attack a mosque rather than a fucking mcdonald 's, 
  you caught me :\\ ^ ), 
  sky news confirmed it was a refugee by the name of kassam haid, 
  my country is neutral . 
  why should my countrys men have to die because of what bureaucrats from brussels want . 
  it 's a horrible idea for neutral countries like mine . 
  battle of the nations in olympics when, 
  hopefully there wo n't be a eu army, 
  what you 're saying us that multiculturalism does n't work ? 
  wow who could have seen that coming / s, 
  good job fingols, 
  only a third of the signatures were from the uk . 
  stop trying to overturn the people 's decision, 
  also wanted to say thanks because now we may have a chance at a united ireland, 
  they also disregarded democracy on the lisbon treaty . 
  there is also fining countries for not accepting the economic migrants . 
  the eu needs to be changed and maybe brexit will wake it up . 
  there is nothing wrong with a healthy dose of nationalism . 
  it allows countries to actually protect their people and culture . 
  look at germany and sweden . 
  their women were told to stay in groups and to not agitate migrants else they would rape them . 
  but sweden and germany decide to keep these military aged migrants who hate the west and not report them because that 's racis . 
  ah yes because having our countries lose sovereignty and lose our cultural identity is such a great thing . 
  stay mad . 
  also people with other opinions doesnt make them support trump, 
  and lose our sense of sovereignty and culture ? 
  no , the eu already proved it ca n't handle things well , why would we want a federation that is going to fine countries for not accepting migrants have more power ? 
  i 'm trolling for thinking it 's suspicious that there was 146 % turnout in favour of van der bellen and a group with an agenda like anti fa counting the ballots ? 
  come if in a hypothetical situation where a nazi party was running and they had 146 % turnout for them and it had a nazi group counting the ballots i would say it 's rigged . 
  i just think it 's really odd how a group with an agenda like anti fa are allowed to count the ballots, 
  but why allow someone with a clear bias like anti fa count the ballots ? 
  it 's obvious they will mess up the votes so it 's in favour against the right parties, 
  well was n't the opponent ( ca n't remember his name ) beating van der bellen then coincidentally mail ballots came in and they were pretty much all for van der bellen . 
  its very suspicious edit : http://wahl16.bmi.gv.at/1605-303.html hmm so democratic, 
  http://imgur.com/vhlhahq so apparently anti-fa helped count the ballot . 
  totally not rigged guys . 
  still better than having millions of uneducated hateful migrants that do n't integrate tbh, 
  aye the eu should had a plan rather than just have greece , italy etc take most of them . 
  it just shows how incompetent the eu is if they ca n't even get a plan to stop the flow of the migrants . 
  its horrible that greece and those countries are getting filled with these people and no one is willing to help . 
  its fucking disgraceful . 
  see  well when your government and media decide to keep calling you a racist and is not willing to defuse the situation then people feel the need to vote in a far right party seeing as they see the left parties as weak and cares more about `` refugees '' than their own native populace . 
  they 'll say it started when the eu started to force our countries to take in `` refugees '' and say that everyone is a racist for not being a fucking idiot for not wanting these `` refugees '' . 
  you forgot your fedora mate, 
   australia wins the judges vote  russia wins the public vote  ukraine wins the eurovision because `` muh crimea '' ukraine 's song was horrible . 
  it did n't deserve to win . 
  it only won just as a fuck you to russia . 
  yes crimea was a bad thing but just because it happened does n't mean that ukraine should have won, 
  why not spend it on your own people rather than give money who will not integrate . 
  i 'm sure there would be tons of native german people who could benefit from this . 
  but no just spend it on uneducated , hateful people who are not willing to integrate and are far more likely to commit sexual assaults . 
  that is a far better idea . 
  jesus christ germany, 
  ah yes having millions of uneduacated , hateful muslims will surely make europe stronger and `` enrich '' our culture . 
  if you honestly think this then i 'm afraid you are pretty fucking stupid, 
  we 'll you 're american so go post in the american board . 
   oh no we 're being stereotyped as being violent and tossing rocks at people  how do we solve this ? 
   i know we 'll be violent and toss rocks at people, 
  i 'm going to be honest but i think the government needs to force the language . 
  i mean all schools should be like a gael scoil , more classes on irish , irish prints of books , more irish dubs on movies and such . 
  it wo n't be popular but i would think it will work . 
  except those kill very few people in an accident while a single terrorists attack can kill up to what was nice 180 ? 
   but racism against whites is n't real !!!, 
  also inb4 the post gets removed for being local news, 
  cry more . 
  the people of ni will be the only people deciding to reunite . 
  it has already been agreed by both governments . 
  actually the koran snaps in 2, 
  you mean the crusades that were a reaction to hundreds years worth of muslim aggression against christendom ? 
  also there has been cases of muslims having slaves in europe . 
  see that saudi diplomat in britain a few years ago . 
   however religious people are and will remain unintelligent and that 's a sad fact . 
  so what you 're are saying here is that atheist people are more intelligent as you call religious people unintelligent . 
  and i guess all those religious scientists , scholars and philosophers were all so stupid compared to le enlightened atheist man . 
   if you believe in something supernatural without evidence - you are an unintelligent person . 
  absence of evidence is not evidence of absence, 
  oy vey shut it down, 
  i 'm sick of people perpetrating this myth . 
  hey now just simply loving your and wanting to protect it is now le ebin fascist . 
  did n't you hear ? 
  antifa told me so . 
  i do n't think you really know what islamphobe means,
