  european treaties are n't some buffet where you can choose what to eat . 
  you either accept it or you do n't . 
  kicking out people because they are n't `` swiss enough '' for their nationalistic culture is n't a valid argument either . 
  it 's not like there are more europeans living in switzerland than swiss in europe . 
  the country does n't get invaded by `` foreigners '' ( like french , germans , italians ... ) because that 's not how an economy works . 
  it 's a stupid nationalistic decision that sounds more like `` volk ohne raum '' rather than a well thought through decision regarding economics . 
  but let 's be honest . 
  this decision is n't about italians or germans . 
  those nationalities have always been part of swiss culture . 
  until the 70s there were always ~ 20 % foreigners . 
  this decision is about ukrainians , iraqis , turks , albanians and former yugoslavians . 
  it 's xenophobic and this should n't be tolerated . 
  it sends a bad signal to other countries . 
  it 's actually kind of sad . 
  while 51 % voted for this law 78 % wanted to keep bilateral treaties with the eu . 
  that means that 27 % voted for restrictions even though they did n't want that these treaties get stalled . 
  27 % voted even though they do n't know shit about the swiss-european treaties . 
  this is a new low for direct democracy . 
  how dumb do people have to be to vote against something that they like ? 
  it 's crazy that those 27 % are even able to use a pen let alone breath . 
  confederation and federation are the same thing . 
  a federation is always `` con '' other members of the federation . 
  the swiss confederation is still a federation . 
  the terms mean the exact same thing by definition . 
  now if you assume that federation = federal republic ( which it does n't ) you 'd argue that current countries ( germany , france , spain ... ) would become states ( such as the german l\u00e4nder , austrian bundesl\u00e4nder and the 6 belgian communities/regions ) under a superior federal state ( like the usa , germany , belgium , india , austria etc. ) . 
  if you say that a confederation is simply a loose bond of countries which gather and discuss topics you 'd favor a system without an eu parliament but with some sort of senate consisting of ( elected ) representatives of the confederation 's members . 
  now confederations are n't usually one country simply because every member state remains independent . 
  the current state of the eu could be seen as some sort of confederation , if you 'd accept this definition of confederation . 
  other confederations are the un , mercosur , asean or the au . 
  out of those 5 unions the eu however feels like the most federal union . 
  now eve the most famous `` confederation '' the confederate states of america were n't a loose union of states . 
  sure they were established by 7 republics however the constitution talked about a `` permanent federal government '' similar to the one in the northern usa . 
  by the above definition a confederation would lose the `` con '' after members sign a universal constitution and establish a federal government . 
  this would also mean that switzerland and the csa would have became federations/federal republics after they established their federal government and the states lost sovereignty . 
  i 'd say a confederation is more decentralized while a federation is relatively centralised with a unitary state ( france ) being the most centralized system . 
  what is more important than voting ? 
  i never understood people who said that they had no time to vote by letter . 
  except for the fact that brain drain is n't some sort of one way road ... interestingly romania has the 2nd highest immigration rate in the eu from non-eu members . 
  free-movement does n't lead to deserted countries and overcrowded hospitals in manchester and york with people fighting for food while every arriving ship throws billions of immigrants into hull and london . 
  sure that 's what press likes to talk about simply because the picture of people filling the streets of london is much more interesting than boring numbers telling that free-movement has absolutely no negative impact on labor markets ... 
  it 's a country that has this as some sort of `` tradition '' . 
  it would be more than useless to spend 50 billion on changing entire sewage systems just because some foreigners do n't understand the system . 
  russians still put paper in a bin and it 's working fine . 
  why should they change their methods for a few months ? 
  but she looks so much more badass and the media has another page 1 story . 
  that 's whyit should n't be called eastern enlargement.that 's just a media catchphrase regarding the eastern european countries . 
  malta had nothing to do with poland at that time . 
  it makes no sense, 
  do n't even start talking about baristas and the `` grande '' hipstercino with 2 scoops of heavy cream . 
  maybe they wanted to buy the chic croissant at champs elysees for 7,5 $ ... 
  * why is andorra `` a country '' * why is san marino `` independent '' * why is turkey called `` turkey '' * why is belarus `` not in the eu '' * why is cyprus `` important '' jesus christ who googles those questions ? 
  is n't it common knowledge that turkey is called turkey because of turks ? 
  and that belarus is n't in the eu because of their government ? 
  i have the weird feeling that all these questions were googled by some 5 year olds in south america ... 
  why should they ? 
  honest question . 
  article 8 of the european court of human rights : * everyone has the right to respect for his private and family life , his home and his correspondence . 
  * there shall be no interference by a public authority with the exercise of this right except such as is in accordance with the law and is necessary in a democratic society in the interests of national security , public safety or the economic well-being of the country , for the prevention of disorder or crime , for the protection of health or morals , or for the protection of the rights and freedoms of others . 
  since google usually has to accept traffic to link to it ( which is done automatically but by their policy they can prevent the listing ) they should check the background of the pictures . 
  that 's of course impossible however it is still their obligation to check if the portrayed person is ok with it . 
  imagine you are putting together of your class ' yearbook and for some reason you accidentally print a nude picture of a classmate . 
  it should have been your obligation to check that the girl/guy was ok with it . 
  of course it 's impossible to cancel things from the internet but google needs to prevent this . 
  if they ca n't because they do n't have the capacity/possibility/ressources to delete a picture from being linked they should settle on a compensation if that 's ok . 
  the german bildnisrecht does n't cover internet specifically . 
  it was basically designed to prevent this on analog photography . 
  in fact it was designed when two photographers wanted to publish a picture of dead bismarck which they took illegally ( they broke into his house or something ) . 
  even an article of the european convention on human rights covers this topic and as far as i know echr are treated as national laws and should therefore be part of most countries ' legislations . 
  if google helps the destribution of those illegally obtained pictures they can also be held accountable . 
  laws in germany can go up to 1 year prison sentence or a payment of a certain amount which could be pretty high in the case of google . 
  distributing pictures which are violating the privacy of an individual are against european law and the google argument that a sentence would `` disturb [ ... ] message '' is more than absurd . 
  this has no journalistic value and european law clearly values privacy higher than `` freedom of speech '' which in this case is a stupid way of `` speech '' . 
  these things really show the problems when american mentality meets european law . 
  google should know that freedom of speech is n't a guaranteed right if it violates privacy like in this case . 
  that said it will most likely end in a fine . 
  not pale and drunk ? 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ joke, 
  while this is true the contracts could easily be rewritten so that this could n't happen . 
  i would n't have a problem with germany selling guns to eu members or some nato-members but saudi-arabia is n't acceptable . 
  it 's crazy that germany sells weapons to saudi-arabia and sudan which give them out to militias and terrorists in nigeria which are later being used to kill westerners and christians . 
  i usually do n't care about the victims ' religions but when the government says that it 's terrible that christians are persecuted in africa that 's kind of hypocritical . 
  since the early 00s there have been reports that civilians have been executed with german hk g3s and nobody cares . 
  and then rheinmetall sells ifvs with `` anti-riot '' modifications to saudi-arabia . 
  it 's pretty obvious that those vehicles are going to be used against civilians and this is something that really is n't acceptable . 
  if germany ca n't trust another country they simply should n't sell them weapons . 
  almost 40 % of the german exports are going to countries that are neither in the eu nor the nato and most of those countries could be easily german enemies in the next 20 years . 
  it 's not only an ethical problem but also a stupid geopolitical move . 
  selling possible enemies weapons will lead to nato soldiers getting killed by german/european weapons . 
  it 's one thing if the nato enemies have ak47 and cold-war-era hmgs but the current trend shows that some of these countries will be armed with aa-missiles and 21st century assault rifles . 
  selling those weapons to france or spain would give better results . 
  france and spain wo n't enter a war against nato members in the foreseeable future . 
  the sad truth however is that most european countries have their own manufacturers and the market is pretty tough for a foreign country . 
  selling weapons to shady governments in africa is much more lucrative ... 
  who are the leaders though ? 
  the parliament is elected by citizen all over europe . 
  and what do you mean by `` read about the lisbon treaty '' ? 
  i 've read it . 
  it 's an alright treaty . 
  you are talking like you know for a fact that the eu is a diabolic invention by satan to destroy the mighty commonwealth . 
  it 's easy to throw around words like `` inner workings '' and `` lisbon treaty '' but you need to work with arguments .
