  the problem that a lot of people seem to have is that they have to talk to immigrants in a foreign language . 
  but since they think that immigration does n't require input from both parties ( hence the term integration ) . 
  while i personally do n't agree with this sentiment it 's understandable that people do n't want to `` change '' for some random african dude . 
  something that can be observed in many scandinavian countries ( excluding denmark and a few other countries ) is something that some people call `` extegration '' . 
  this oposite behavior to integration can also be observed in the near east where people try to make themselves `` more international '' . 
  since danish ( in comparison to german or french ) is only a minor language spoken by a few million people extegration policies could be very benefitial . 
  of course a country like britain , australia or the us does n't need to extegrate . 
  their language is the most popular in the world . 
  so while the us is the goal of many national integration policies ( that 's why we learn english in school ) denmark would be probably better off if they 'd encourage a more liberal approach to get along with foreigners . 
  on the other hand the us would probably reduce a few problems if they 'd teach spanish in their schools . 
  of course i 'm just talking about languages . 
  cultures and religion are a completely different topic . 
  that 's probably the case . 
  i 'm pretty liberal when it comes to immigration but knowing the national language is necessary . 
  comparing european countries with eglish speaking coutries is just stupid since english is teached in every country of the world . 
  a mexican will have less problems in the us than somebody from africa in denmark . 
  especially since danish is only spoken by a few million people . 
  it 's also a pretty unique language that can be barely understood by other languages . 
  of course it 's tough to learn it from scratch but that 's how it is . 
  who does n't like learning danish for `` just a few million people '' should consider going to a german speaking country or france . 
  but they still have to learn the language . 
  i was actually thinking about the netherlands when i typed holland and after briefly skimming my comment i did n't noticed that i already typed it so i wrote it down again :d let 's just say that the netherlands are worth more than 1 visit . 
  media . 
  there is not a single pro-european supranational newspaper who would talk positive about the eu . 
  since many national newspapers could n't care less about what happened in the neighboring country you rarely hear something about europe . 
  the only time you hear something about the eu is in some cynic comment about the eu regulating tomato colour and the size and curve of an imported banana . 
  the media is so incredibly biased that it even can spill bullshit like `` those rich millionaire in brussel are fucking expensive '' . 
  also the somewhat ignorant public ( because of the biased media ) who gullibly believes the trash nationalistic media is talking . 
  best example for this would be the german media during the whole greece-debate . 
  `` we pay them tons of money . 
  our money . 
  fucking greece . 
  dirty southeners . '', 
  this is basically the shit that formed the headlines of major newspaper for months . 
  and yet every newscaster failed to explain that the majority of the first bailout package financed by germany never actually left the country . 
  it went straight into paying the bills that greece had with submarine and arms contractor thyssen-krupp . 
  if we 'd had an european magazine or non biased newspaper europe would n't be the victim of bogus political debates . 
  at least that 's what i think . 
  of course there are many aspects to be considered but i think the newspapers play an important role here . 
  while the article is interesting it completely fails to admit that eads is not only reducing ~ 15 % of their ( european ) workforce but also heavily dismanteling the military sector as well as changing the name to `` airbus '' . 
  the new military sector is going to be named airbus defence & space and eads/airbus already has plans to expand a current factory in germany and relocate the 2800 `` fired '' workers in germany . 
  i think poland is a bit late with their idea . 
  i highly doubt that eads is going to plan with an aditional place in the next few years . 
  even if poland would switch facilities in poland for a share of airbus i doubt that this would bring a lot of workers to poland since they seem to already have plans for them in the `` share-countries '' . 
  personally i would like to see a bigger collaboration between france , germany and poland . 
  especially germany-poland . 
  i think europe has a huge potential if member states would seriously consider more collaborations with poland . 
  especially at a higher scale poland is more or less a key-element for a possible addition of ukraine . 
  but also for the country i would love to see some investments . 
  poland has a huge potential economically and is growing fast as hell . 
  it would also strengthen eads on the global market which is always nice . 
  depends on your location . 
  i can tell you for sure that nobody in cologne , hamburg , munich or berlin is going to take foreign beer over their local product . 
  but maybe / u/hadok was talking about the `` old '' deutschen l\u00e4nder . 
  like from some 1870s map . 
  that would include belgium and the current czech republic as well as any other beer drinking nation besides ireland and britain . 
  honestly ? 
  while every country might have some good beer you have a few countries that are n't really known for it . 
  i doubt that san marino even has an own brewery . 
  and liechtenstein is n't that famous for their local beer either . 
  if you take regional beverages you might achieve your goal but if you are aiming for `` only '' beer i think that many trips might be useless . 
  southern countries are usually not that famous for their beer since they mostly consume wine . 
  same goes with scandinavian countries to some extent . 
  you could always categorize them . 
  let 's say the front of the shirt is beer only with britain , holland , ireland , germany , netherlands , austria , czech republic , poland , belgium , * france * etc. 
  while the back can be classified into wine and liquor . 
  italy , * france * , spain , portugal , greece ... and then finland , sweden , norway ... 
  but all in all it 's a really cool idea . 
  especially the part with letting the barman sign it . 
  good luck and have fun , 
  the problems that duisburg is facing were neither started by roma nor increased by them . 
  it 's basic populism for political gains . 
  using roma as scapegoats is pretty popular because they are n't especially liked in a country that has massive problems when it comes to supporting and tolerating this minority . 
  the whole holocaust debate surrounding roma speaks volumes on public perception in germany . 
  you are being downvoted because your argument is flawed . 
  germanic languages have been around for an equal amount of time and had an equal amount of impact on our languages as greek . 
  i 'm against stricter controls on immigration and probably one of the most liberal people here . 
  i 'm all for people coming to europe and i doubt that we are `` full '' in any way ( take a walk through lebanon and see what `` full '' really means if you do n't believe me ) but there is a fundamental problem in the current debate . 
  people who touch european soil are obligated to register in that country . 
  that 's the basic concept that we are currently having . 
  it went well for countries that were n't near the european border to africa and the middle east , which makes germany 's politics hypocritical in the current debate at best - absolutely disgusting if you 'd ask me . 
  that 's obviously a rule that is n't fair towards the countries that are near them . 
  now the czech might say `` tough luck italy and greece '' and that 's what merkel 's position was like for several years but it 's still not fair . 
  however trying to move to a different country is against our concept . 
  immigrants who come to this divided country have to realize this and they need to behave that way . 
  which then will lead to 2 problems . 
  a ) more people tend to go to well off countries like italy ( even if the italians love to cry `` crisis '' if it helps them to get handouts ) , austria or germany , leaving the poorer countries `` at peace '' . 
  b ) the current concept is against one of our core principles which i regard as superior to any national antics over a bunch of immigrants knocking at their gates . 
  freedom of movement is a right that is one of our moral viewpoints . 
  anybody who enters this union should have access to this . 
  locking them in countries where they have worse possibilities than in others is unfair as well . 
  somebody in germany will find work far more easily than somebody in greece . 
  which is also why quotas are generally terrible . 
  some countries might try to play the geography card and i believe that freedom of movement is being violated in a similar fashion . 
  it 's also a bad system because it does n't account for economic situations ( or not actively ) . 
  if the uk has 3 million free jobs and 0 % unemployment and italy has 10 % unemployment and not a single job available it would be stupid to send an equal amount of people to both countries simply because they have a similar number of population . 
  the solution must be an effective way to distribute people based on their need . 
  arrival camps must be increased in countries like italy and greece with eu money funded by every ms equally . 
  then the national employment agencies have to report what sort of skilled labor they are looking for . 
  ( all this monitored by an independent agency that controls fair reports ) they are then distributed to those countries with a ready job waiting for them .
