  `` go read it yourself '' is no acceptable answer and only a school kid would show this snotty behavior . 
  that 's the important point . 
  many people argue that turkey ca n't join because it ( mostly ) lies in asia . 
  on the other hand certain region in australia/oceania , america , asia and africa are already part of the eu because of omr/oct laws . 
  when algeria was part of france it was part of the eu ( or it 's predecessor the european communities to be exact ) but got kicked out after becoming independent . 
  the criteria to become member of the eu is n't only about territories . 
  it 's also about `` culture '' . 
  however i think it 's hard to define `` european culture '' . 
  language is n't always `` european '' . 
  greece is n't written in latin letters and maltese is a semitic language . 
  religion ca n't be a requirement either since it would be hard to establish orthodox , catholic , protestant as a nation 's idea . 
  it 's not entirely prohibited for non-european countries to join . 
  in fact morocco applied for the european communities and is currently part of the european neighbourhood policy . 
  countries could possibly join but they still have a lot of requirements to fulfill . 
  personally i think many europeans see it as some form as 1st step . 
  this may sound idealistic and it probably is but i personally dream of a world without nations . 
  however i 'm still a realist and i know that this will probably never happen ( or at least i wo n't witness it anymore ) . 
  to break the idea of nationalism i think that the 1st step would be to invent a broader term such as continentalism . 
  basically being `` proud '' of a continent or a big region . 
  i ca n't speak for everybody on this sub ( since it 's not a `` eu-only '' sub ) but i am foremost european . 
  my nationality is n't that important to me . 
  of course this is probably because i was raised bilingual/binational and because my countries are n't something that i would feel comfortable being proud of . 
  do n't get me wrong germany and italy are nice countries but i simply do n't find that being `` proud '' is a good trait . 
  just my opinion though and i know that many people would disagree with me . 
  however i do n't think europe is something to be `` proud '' of either . 
  it 's just a region . 
  the fact that i 'm european is n't my merit . 
  it 's nothing that i did . 
  i did n't become european . 
  it 's something that i was simply born into just like my nationality . 
  i simply ca n't be proud of something that i did n't achieve . 
  i do n't care if i were french , spanish or even british . 
  it 's just some weird sheet of paper that shows that i was born on a country 's territory . 
  especially in europe were there are n't clear cultural borders it can be weird to identify themselves . 
  i think national borders are really weird and hard to explain in europe . 
  that 's why i do n't agree on the idea that a unified european country needs to be on the european continent . 
  simply because there is no universal definition of continents . 
  when people say that turkey should n't be allowed to enter the eu because it 's mostly on the asian continent i do n't understand why cyprus was n't kicked out . 
  greece has a ton of islands near asia , greenland was once part of the eec even though it lies in america and britain , spain , france and the netherlands all have omr or overseas territories which are all around the globe . 
  are those countries european because their culture is connected to european countries ? 
  i think the eu could be a first step towards a world without borders . 
  i seriously doubt that people are in favor of a european imperium which colonizes half the world . 
  if the eu were one country it would also be hard to argue that certain regions do n't gain anything . 
  that 's as stupid as saying that wyoming does n't profit from the eu-us free trade agreement . 
  no that 's a pretty great democratic trait but it does n't fit representative democracy and a republic . 
  just because it 's democratic does n't mean that it 's the best thing for the country . 
  also changing the political agenda during the legislative period is highly non-representative . 
  merkel is n't a progressive politician . 
  see can keep a country in perfect balance and that what she has done for the last years . 
  i guess it was kind of successful during the crisis but merkel is n't the person that would show some initiative when it comes to progressive eu changes . 
  she does what 's the best for germany and that 's why she gets elected . 
  too bad that european citizens are still living with these nationalistic ideologies . 
  i personally do n't understand what 's so important about germany that we should focus on but the majority of germans ( as well as other nations ) think that their country is more imporant than everything else . 
  merkel is never going to push something towards brussels . 
  personally i think that letta and hollande are way more european than merkel and i somewhat hope that france is going to focus more on the eu since germany is probably not going to be interested since they ca n't really benefit from it . 
  too bad that france has some nasty problems on their own otherwise we 'd probably see some more change . 
  this crisis was n't only bad for the economy . 
  it halted progress in italy , france , spain , portugal etc. 
  and we have n't gotten a single step closer to a better eu since 2006 . 
  it 's pretty frustrating . 
  do n't get me wrong what they did in spain and greece was awful but jesus christ spain itself has a huge share in the current financial crisis . 
  when i went to spain 2 years ago i was truly baffled by the amount of government buildings everywhere . 
  barcelona airport was one of the saddest things i 've ever seen . 
  some terminals were closed with 4cm dust everywhere and every small city had an international airport next to some weird international expo-center . 
  i 'm not saying that the banks are n't the culprits but there must have been some weird gold-rush mood in spain and greece at that time . 
  the amount of money that was put in some useless projects ( valencia is an awesome example for this ) is incredible . 
  also i doubt that people ca n't read contracts . 
  i too know some people who signed weird contracts with variable interests and who lost a ton of money because of that but really ? 
  who is this ignorant to sign some weird contracts with some shady companies ? 
  the bubble in the spanish economy was already infamous during the mid-00s and it was only a matter of time until it would have burst . 
  still the government ( or regional governments ) invested in redundant projects . 
  valencia alone build projects worth more than 1 billion euros . 
  whether it 's the unused 150 million airport in castell\u00f3n outside of valencia or the huge opera for 400 million and the idea of the americas cup , a new stadium as well as a formula 1 track are all mindboggling projects that some people could have stopped . 
  i do n't know if banks told valencia to build all that crap but i highly doubt it . 
  they gained from the idiocity of certain politicians and the ignorance ( i 'm not saying this in a negative way ) of people who wanted to buy a house even though they lacked the money . 
  it 's easy to hate on some rich guys sitting in london and frankfurt but the simply do n't have the power to rob spanish citizens . 
  the true culprits are the politicians who do n't know jack shit about finances and to a lesser extent the people who invested in unfinished projects . 
  who in the right mind buys a building that is n't build ? 
  that 's a rookie mistake . 
  everybody who i know who did this lost a ton of money and/or still waits on it being build . 
  whoa . 
  you ca n't bash jews in europe . 
  what are you ? 
  racist ? 
  gypsies and muslims on the other hand are the scum of the earth , amirite / r/europe and / r/worldnews ? 
  i do n't know about the national education in bulgaria but you are probably right . 
  in europe education has a pretty similar level . 
  what i learned from the guys whom i work with is that they are incredibly clever in subjects as math and statistics compared to german students . 
  i guess it depends on the country and the focus on different subjects but the guys i know have no problems studying here . 
  however a lot of people in germany ( and other countries ) still think that they know jack shit which is obviously not true . 
  a poor bulgarian has probably the same education as a poor german . 
  the only difference is the language but that can be learned in a few years . 
  there are a few reasons why those countries are n't part of the eu . 
  one of the main advantages of the eu are the free trade agreements as well as the movement of people and capital . 
  however the city-states ( vatican city , andorra , liechtenstein , san marino , monaco ) always had bilateral treaties with their neighbors . 
  san marino for example set at par their old sammarinese lira with the italian lira and once the euro was introduced in 99/00 they took over the euro similar to all other micro-states . 
  also they had treaties with their big neighbor regarding law and trade which kind of reduced the incentive of joining the eu . 
  all countries ( except vatican city ) are also part of the council of europe and monaco and liechtenstein are part of schengen . 
  the other countries never joined for a simply reason : they have no benefit . 
  san marino has free trade agreements with the eu and liechtenstein is part of the european free trade association ( efta ; together with island , norway and switzerland which all are n't part of the eu ) and therefore part of schengen ( somewhat ) .
