  since lombardy itself is n't very fond of the lega nord they decided to switch to the other wealthy `` region '' in italy - veneto . 
  what people fail to understand is that scotland and catalonia already have governments . 
  they already have local run companies which could be turned into state-owned companies . 
  scotland has a parliament with ministries and a huge autonomy in the united kingdom . 
  the currently proposed republic of veneto lacks all of those things that would make a transition useful or even possible . 
  that said an application to the eu would take atleast a decade and the lega nord usually does n't like the eu . 
  going back to luca zaia , the president of the region ( presidente della regione . 
  this dude is the definition of an idiot . 
  he told mario monti in february that he would put the referendum on hold yet he was in favor of an online referendum . 
  he compared veneto to crimea and stated that just like crimea veneto would do an official referendum . 
  i could add that he 's homophobic and against abortions but that would n't add anything to the discussion but i think it gives a good impression of his character . 
  he is also a member of the lega nord so this kind of tells you a lot about his political views ( xenophobic , utopistic ... ) and the ideology of the venetian people . 
  the idea that they consider the serene republic as a good thing of their cultural heritage is already kind of weird . 
  this whole movement only exists because some people are too egoistic to believe in a welfare state . 
  usually those people would be hated but since they are representing the national identity of a merchant republic making money from slavery this is somewhat acceptable . 
  zaia can `` put more pressure on rome '' as such as he wants . 
  rome simply has to point the finger on the constitution and that 's it . 
  veneto joined italy through a referendum ( as the lombardo-venetian kingdom ) and even though this annexation seems to have been nullified in 2010 due to an error this does n't mean that there is any reason to form a completely different state especially not for some stupid reason as national identity . 
  otherwise you could start breaking down europe into counties and duchies with independent feudal rulers . 
  \\  op is serbian \\  title is criticising nato mission in serbia \\  / r/europe [ mfw ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dgk60jn.gif ), 
  through my magical skills of paint and jpg compression ( this lacks a bit more fragments ) i made a september 2014 edition should donetsk join after the referendum . 
  i wanted to write `` belarusian '' and forgot the `` n '' . 
  i know that it 's belarus . 
  off topic : i never understood why in english it 's belarusia with one `` s '' even though russia gets pronounced completely different and has two `` s '' . 
  sure the term comes from the kingdom of rus but why are there two different words ? 
  belarussian would be the better idea imho or they call russia `` rusia '' with a long `` u '' . 
  as long as the polish wealth goes to dresden i 'm sure even germany would support this idea . 
  wow . 
  that 's 23 % more participation than back in the day when soviet satellite states only had 100 % . 
  who said democracy was dead ? 
  it 's better than ever ... 
  oh come on . 
  lobbying is n't corruption . 
  otherwise you 'd get mad because unions are the exact same thing . 
  threathening employees so that they raise wages . 
  but of course you do n't call unions corrupt because that would mean that you had to side with corporations and god forbid that anybody thinks rational about interest groups . 
  corporations are bad and the middle class is good . 
  black and white . 
  and in no fucking way is lobbyism a threat to democracy . 
  democracy is a threat to itself because people who do n't know stuff can decide things . 
  the problem lies in the concept itself and not in a system that has existed for 10000 years , became popular through mercantilism and was often outlawed under fascist regimes . 
  lobbyism is n't bribery and unions are n't bribery either . 
  but of course it 's fun to mix some words together because it makes you look clever . 
  the term `` legalized corruption '' is so full of shit that it could be found in every single huffpo or vice commentary . 
  you need balance . 
  but balance ca n't happen if some armchair politicians say that lobbyism is itself bad and unions are god 's gift to humanity . 
  because we can already see the terrible results from a society that is filled with unions . 
  whether those are stupid laws protecting renters in munich or the fact that one of germany 's biggest unions ( adac ) is corrupt as fuck . 
  but of course the real corrupt union is the bdi or the pharma industry while igm and verdi are peaceful objective fighters for freedom . 
  do you remember the `` hilfspakete '' that germany send to greece a while ago ? 
  most of those packages never left germany and went straight to the german industry maily krupp ( steal ) and hdw werft kiel ( those guys produced the submarines that greece bought because of their pseudo-greek-turkish arms race ) germany did n't enforce changes to the greek military budget because it would have endangered the bilateral treaties about new vehicles ( like i said those were mainly submarines and other ships ) . 
  however since you ca n't tell the german public that the government is donating billions to the german military sector they hid those sums in those famous care packages . 
  so now our newspapers could write xenophobe bullshit like [ this one ] ( http://www.bild.de/politik/wirtschaft/teuer/deal-mit-kieler-hdw-werft-perfekt-11883902.bild.html ) and the government had the once-in-a-lifetime possibility to hide donations to the most disgusting industry . 
  you probably did n't read about this because it our newspapers blamed it on the ~ ~ je ~ ~ ... greek rather than addressing the truth that our country made a lot of money out of those treaties . 
  stricter regulations would have endangered contracts with german companies which might have led to firing workers . 
  do n't forget that greece is one of the few countries that increases its military rather than reducing it like most european countries . 
  out of all european countries greece has a very profitable market for german companies . 
   so you accuse me of being a troll because i do n't confirm your bias he calls you a troll because calling you stupid would be a bit harsh . 
  i do n't think the problem are the 50 % who are n't complete racist nationalists . 
  it 's more about the other 50 % . 
  it was in fact a bit surprising how many governments readily accepted an ukrainian government with a huge share of fascists when even the most subtle hint of racism in their respective national governments causes a massive outrage . 
  i do n't know if it was because of the common stereotype that racism is a part of eastern european life or that some people wanted to piss putin off . 
  it 's probably both . 
  a map of ukraine with a swastika is obviously crazy and of bad taste but it 's not like `` euromaidan '' was n't used by our media to cover pro-european sentiments even though most european media is completely anti-european . 
  or let 's remember the pictures of greek caricatures of merkel wearing a ss-uniform . 
   media-created myths is not a good reason . 
  but that 's why most people do n't go to elections . 
  they believe that the eu is a circlejerk of dumb europeans who debate about the length of cucumbers and what type of curvature makes up a real banana . 
  they are rich as fuck , drive expensive cars which consume literally a ton of gas per km while claiming that they are green . 
  they also never attend votes . 
  the probably dumbest term in this whole anti-eu circlejerk is the german word `` teuro '' . 
  a nice portmanteau consisting of euro and the german word for `` expensive '' - teuer yet the euro has a lower inflation rate than the old currency dm but it 's fun to say it ... 
  if you live in a democracy and you do n't go to elections you are the problem . 
  go to the elections and if you are really serious about changing the world make use of passive suffrage and make people vote for you . 
  sitting at home complaining about democracy on reddit with an edgy `` anarchism '' flair makes you look like a whiny loser . 
  get up and change something . 
  but you probably wo n't because that 'd imply going outside and actually doing something that benefits society . 
  you could still go from dresden to russia without a problem . 
  inner-ussr borders were controlled but it was still possible to drive around . 
  it simply was n't possible to go to western countries . 
  but it 's not like western germany did n't spy on germans visiting the east . 
  both sides had agents looking out for their citizens . 
  because russia is bad and ukraine is good . 
  obviously . 
  have n't you read truman 's speeches ? 
  russia obviously wants to invade berlin a second time to reinstall communism and liberalism . 
  you should seriously grab some water and head to you designated bunker . 
  ww3 is obviously only a matter of hours , you fool . 
  because russia has n't signed the treaty ? 
  sure . 
  but it would become weird if you started talking about the terroristic usa who fight a war against terrorism against countries who signed the treaty . 
  the terrorists in seoul also try to defend their ideology of terror from the reign of terror in north korea . 
  let 's call everybody terrorists . 
  this wo n't change the definition of terror at all . 
  seems like a great idea . 
  call vice and the huffington post . 
  this sounds great . 
  well there are many blue cheese types . 
  afaik gorgonzola is also considered blue cheese ( looks like blue to me ) . 
  the idea behind is that it 's based on a location that 's why they are called like that .
