  you are absolutely right it does not say that . 
  i 'll try to look where i found the thing that actually talked about it . 
  absolutely my mistake . 
  i still quite sure that there was some debate between fini and bossi during berlusconi 's second term about this exact thing . 
  if i 'm wrong please forget what i said . 
  [ there you go  ( http://leganord.org/index.php/notizie2/9723-legge-stabilita-lega-nord-rifinanziati-esuli-istria-fiume-e-dalmazia ) ~ ~ it basically says that the lega would like to rei the city rijeka as well as dalmatia and istria into italy ~ ~ / / * it does n't say that at all . 
  i found that link in some newspaper without actually reading the statement * . 
  like i said : the lega is n't fascist for italy but rather for the north . 
  it 's much more about a northern nationalism rather than mussolini 's idea of a united italy . 
  i 'd say it 's rather lobard and not specifically tied to milan but yeah people in milan might write it like that . 
   my feeling was that they would be glad to give up the `` italy '' name and cut bridges with rome , and just call their state `` padania '' . 
  am i wrong ? 
  that was indeed the idea back in the '90s and early ' 00s . 
  the idea was to form a new country so that the north would n't have to be bothered with the south . 
  since the proclaimed republic of padania actually goes down all the way to umbria and marche it 's not especially `` northern '' italy anymore . 
  since the lega nord is n't liked in many regions of italy anymore ( emilia , southern lombardy ) the actual idea of padania is much smaller . 
  this has also something to do that only the northern part of lombardy votes lega nord and that some provinces of the south are more pd oriented rather than pdl . 
  [ this graphic ] ( https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:lombardia_2013_coalizioni.png ) shows it pretty well . 
  while it looks like the lega nord candidate got a lot of votes ( the lega itself did n't win that much ) the bigger cities voted against him . 
  he still won with 48 % to 42 % though . 
  the idea however is the same : how to cut ties with the south . 
  since you ca n't simply kick out the south it would be easier to form a new nation . 
  i think they simply shifted towards veneto because the lega is really strong there while they would n't even come close to win elections in lombardy . 
  the graphs for the lombard election in 2013 ( [ here ] ( https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:lombardia_2013_partiti.png ) ) and the map for veneto 2010 ( [ here ] ( https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:veneto_2010.png ) ) show this . 
   why do you say that ? 
  i 'm curious . 
  i realise i 'm more familiar with the dumbass bigots who only speak veneto to me and are nostalgic for the marco polo years ( like if they had lived them ) than with real leghisti . 
  i just realized that you are actually from veneto and that you probably knew most of what i wrote . 
  oh , well ... does n't hurt for other people to read this . 
  the ln is xenophobic because of their ideas about southerners as well as other the political stunts ( like the one with the boat ) . 
  anti-republican might sound a bit harsh but i think that the reason why the lega is for a federal state ( which is actually great imho ) is to undermine the democratic aspect . 
  a federal republic would give local governments the possibility to enact own laws and i think that the lega would pass some crazy laws . 
  so anti-republican is probably wrong . 
  however the idea behind a federal state can also be to gain , and hold , more power in regions where the lega has already a strong presence . 
  i 'm sure that if somebody would be a new region `` bergamo '' that they 'd love that idea because it would give them a majority in the new parliament . 
  i doubt that they actually favor federalism because of decentralization of power . 
  i totally agree with you point on marco polo . 
  it 's one thing to have a cultural identity because of an actual culture , language or century long movement . 
  the idea that people like the serenissima makes just as much sense as people in ancona thinking about the papal states . 
  i think that they also often forget that venice had more of an international culture since it had so many religions and languages . 
  you do n't hear anybody in greece talk about how great the turkish empire was . 
  they can obviously like their region but to compare venetian with catalan or scottish is kind of absurd . 
  sorry for the long post !, 
  believe me i 'm not a person who uses the term `` fascism '' lightly . 
  it 's definitely an overall fascist party by the original definition of fascism - an italian nationalistic and militaristic movement . 
  it 's not an actively racist party but fascism does n't have to incorporate racism , only nationalism . 
  due to the italian history a party that is for nationalism tends to be incredibly near fascism . 
  the italian nationalism and xenophobic attitude tend to make the lega nord 's agenda very similar to the one of mussolini . 
  you 'll find ultra-nationalist sentiments just as much as the idea of claiming dalmatia and other completely insane ideas . 
  while the party tries to distance itself from neo-fascism ( just like the german npd which is an obviously national socialist party ) it acts a lot like a fascist party . 
  the main difference between the lega nord and mussolini 's fascism is probably the fact that mussolini regarded northern italians as well as southern italians as one people while the lega is more about regionalism and a division between the white north italians and the `` terun negher '' ( black southerner ) . 
  the interesting thing about the lega nord is that it 's not only xenophobic towards non-italians but also draws a line between the south and the north . 
  the often heard ideas of restoring pre-ww2 italy are very similar to mussolini 's idea of restoring italy ( dalmatia , all mediterranean islands etc. ) . 
  i 'd say that the leaders try to act `` moderate '' ( i 'm exaggerating ) and in that regards they try to be like fronte national but their ideas are actually more similar to fascism . 
  imagine le pen fighting for seccession from occitane and annexation of former colonies while sending all afro-french citizens back to africa . 
  i 'd put them somewhere between fn and golden dawn . 
  also do n't forget that fascism does n't have to negate the holocaust and that it does n't automatically means racist . 
  there were many fascist movements in the past that were only ultra-nationalistic without having ties to the third reich . 
  i 'd say that the lega nord is highly xenophobic and nationalistic as well as being anti republican/democratic . 
  they are less populistic than le pen who tries to gather votes from across france . 
  lega nord basically denies half of italy the right of calling themselves italian . 
  that 's also why they are only present in northern italy . 
  the same fascists that managed to get support on / r/europe when everybody was circlejerking around the idea of `` veneto '' . 
  the fact that some europeans still do n't know about them is just as crazy as the fact that some idiots actually vote for them . 
   citizens of other nations not really . 
  especially not if you consider them to be your allies . 
  if you fight alongside german soldiers you really should trust them enough to not spy on those soldiers ' families . 
  if the us government should spy on merkel is another story . 
  again as an ally you would think that obama and merkel could talk like 2 adults . 
  it gets even worse when two eu members spy on eachother . 
  britain spying on germany ( or vice versa ) is just an incredible waste of money . 
  sch\u00e4uble should stay home and count numbers . 
  every time he opens his mouth to comment on foreign affairs he either makes weird comparisons or shows his ignorance when it comes to geography . 
  i 'm actually surprised that he knows where crimea is ... a sudetenland comparison ? 
  seriously ? 
  i must have missed the meeting between putin , turchynov , hollande and cameron where they declared crimea to be actual part of russia ... 
  so judging by the people who comment here nobody in northern europe calls it an elephant , a cat or an ape . 
  apparently `` weight '' is a thing in france , spain and portugal . 
  now we only need somebody from greece to tell us if they really call it a duck . 
  and what 's up with hungary ? 
  is that a turd ? 
  he backstabbed his party when the pd wanted to put prodi up as mp . 
  he basically managed to force italy almost into new elections because he was gready and wanted to become mp . 
  rather than giving his ok for a minority government he forced the pd into a coalition with the pdl . 
  because of that bersani left his position as pd leader and after his buddy berlusconi managed to destroy letta 's government he got everything that he wanted - becoming mp of italy . 
  at that point he figuratively told the people of florence `` fuck you '' because he stepped down as mayor of florence ( even though he was elected to be a mayor ) and did n't even apologize . 
  he 's a sleazy politician who values his own career over the future of a whole country . 
  there is this one great scene in `` the west wing '' where president bartlet wants to put up a 18th century map of palestine in the white house . 
  his staff however then says that it might spur a controversy because there is no israel being depicted on the map ( since it 's from 1700 ) . 
  even though bartlet says that it did n't imply anything other than being a nice map he decides against putting it up to avoid pissing anybody off . 
  this whole incident reminded me of this episode . 
  itself it is n't a bad graph but the title of the graph is literally `` how often do you exercise or play sports ? '' . 
  it 's kind of uncommon to ask a question and show the answers ranked by their oposite ( in this case the graph actually reads like `` who exercises or plays sports the least ? '' ) . 
  it 's understandable after thinking a bit about it but it 's definitely not intuitive because you get the oposite meaning out of this graph . 
  without op 's title it 's not clear at all . 
  i 'm not the biggest fan of those percentages either . 
  it would have been better if they 'd taken categories as `` a lot '' , `` not so much '' , `` average '' , `` i 'm lazy '' . 
  taking the answers and giving them percentages makes it rather hard to understand at first imho . 
  it also reduces bureaucracy because governments do n't have to waste labor on calculating some guy 's taxes . 
  it 's easier to control and it therefore increases tax income due to lower tax evasion and it reduces loopholes to a minimum as well as making education on the tax system easier .
