  helmut schmidt does n't understand britain ? 
  have you even read what you wrote before submitting it ? 
  you ca n't be serious . 
  that 's a pretty biased opinion in my opinion . 
  you ca n't deny that britain still has this superiority ideology . 
  just the fact that cameron talks about the commonwealth as an important thing in world politics is kind of ridiculous . 
  and why is it that every brit outside of the uk thinks the exact way as schmidt ? 
  sure the population does n't think like cameron but your guys ' representatives are so incredibly nationalistic that it 's pretty funny to listen to their `` brittania rules the ~ world ~ waves '' bullshit . 
  the uk has as much importance as italy but you do n't hear letta demanding stuff from germany and france . 
  it 's pretty obvious that britain has n't realized that it lost its leadership role in europe 50 years ago . 
  just the fact that you assume that schmidt has no idea of the `` real '' uk is incredible . 
  do you even know who he is ? 
  he probably knows more about the uk than you do . 
  italy could try to rebuild the roman empire . 
  some welsh guy already stated that he 'd like to see the romans in britain . 
  a new roman empire from wales to cologne and ragusa to madrid . 
  i could live with that . 
  because the mainstream media appeals to the mainstream/average italian . 
  it 's the same in every country . 
  shitty media controls people and keeps them down . 
  if you watch canale 5 or rete4 you are obviously not going to learn anything about the world . 
  which is fine if somebody does n't care about europe or other countries but in my opinion that 's terrible . 
  do you seriously think that mediaset is going to talk about problems that would affect berlusconi 's agenda ? 
  and even the federal newsstations like rai do n't teach anything because everything besides rai3 ( somewhat ) tries to accomodate the current governments policies . 
  while i understand that you ca n't force anybody to know about cameron it 's obvious where the italian ( and other countries ' ) problems are coming from . 
  whether it 's some pitchfork wielding peasants or some pseudo-academic right-wing dipshit those problems can all be narrowed down on ignorance and the lack of interest in politics . 
  you probably know about it because you care and you are interested in politics but do n't forget that the average citizen could care less . 
  hell , they even ca n't be bothered to go to elections once every few years . 
  you do n't learn about inflation in school and most people do n't bother to research definitions . 
  if people see that prices rise they get angry because they think that their money disappears . 
  here in germany you can always hear that the euro led to inflation and that our old currency ( dm ) had less inflation or even none which somehow seems to be the perfect number . 
  `` if 10 % inflation is bad 0 % or even negative must be perfect amirite ? '', 
  inflation is obviously not the problem in europe since we have governments who actively keep it down and a central bank which controls mints . 
  even though prices did increase in europe it 's not because of inflation . 
  it 's because companies charged more money and people bought it for more money . 
  luxury goods are n't part of a necessety comsumption basket like it 's used for cpi and inflation . 
  and since they are only consumed by the upper-class they only have small importance for the cpi . 
  also those goods are n't counted with high numbers since you do n't buy a tv every single day . 
  an increase of 20 % in bread is usually higher than an 80 % increase in tv-prices simply because it 's less important . 
  they can be accounted but you country 's labour ministry probably releases different statistics for their own political agenda . 
  i personally value civil rights over democracy . 
  democracies are just the idea that a population is more likely to respect civil rights than a despot . 
  that said i think that neo-nazis are a special kind of stupid . 
  it 's one thing to fall for hitler and mussolini but 70 years later ? 
  those guys are n't the brightest minds in the country . 
  sweden would probably be better off if they would need to feed to fuckers . 
  yeah but they are on the irish island . 
  it would be funny if they 'd fill the goat with cement or something justt to troll the guy who sets fire to it . 
  i actually tried to wrap my head around this for quite a while now . 
  in the eu-gif it shows that algeria was once part of the eu ( as it was part of france and later became independent ) . 
  is there any paragraph in the eu rulings that states that a country that was once member can become integrated again ? 
  i 'd think that somewhere a rule would talk about this particular case but i have n't found anything . 
  it would be interesting to see if algeria would have some sort of special right to join again that we know nothing about . 
  all in all great gifs op . 
  especially the roman empire one is pretty cool . 
  hehe . 
  `` germoney '' . 
  i see what you did there :d high-five !, 
  actually the christkind was probably invented by martin luther because the veneration of saints ( and therefore saint nicholas ) was against protestant rules . 
  it was only later adopted in catholic regions like rhineland and austria . 
  the weihnachtsmann is simply the adaption of the us santa claus . 
  that 's not a good comparision . 
  the stasi was used for a ton of things while the nsa is only a small part of the us `` repression '' system . 
  if you 'd name them all you 'd have the nsa , homeland security , ussouthcom ( which is the directive of guantanamo ) . 
  the us simply has many departments which are needed since it has almost 19x more inhabitants than the gdr did . 
  also she was comparing it to the surveillance departments inside of the ministerium f\u00fcr staatssicherheit and not the ministry itself . 
  the real counterpart to the stasi and gdr ministry of defense is the us department of defense which combines those two . 
  i 'll try to explain my opinion with an example . 
  let 's imagine a ( future ) eu council wants to pass a law regulating the fishing industry . 
  this law would limit the amount of fish that can be catched by a country 's ships and for some reason the portuguese fishing industry would be severly damaged by this act . 
  however france would gain a lot from this law . 
  so let 's assume that while france would be able to create 10000 new jobs in this sector portugal had to fire 8000 workers . 
  if you add the numbers it 'll turn out that this act would create 2000 jobs which sounds pretty good . 
  europe as a whole would benefit from this decision . 
  however while france would be happy portugal would have to solve a huge crisis that is most likely going to happen because of those 8000 unemployed workers . 
  so while the french government is supporting this act portugal would refuse it . 
  however since there are more french people who would vote `` yes '' than portuguese citizens voting `` no '' this act would be passed . 
  this is democratic . 
  the problem with democracy itself is that minorities have basically no rights or ca n't decide anything . 
  this is what you already adressed . 
  since portugal is a minority compared to france it would lose every single `` election '' between those two countries . 
  now you 'd have to think about the idea of countries . 
  are countries sovereign nations or are they only regarded as states under a centralized eu government ? 
  if you think that a country is the highest form of government you 'd refuse a supranational institution like the eu . 
  i personally do n't care about countries and am more european but this is just my personal opinion . 
  let 's assume that countries are treated as states/regions . 
  this would be similar to how lisbon and porto are treated by the portuguese government . 
  portugal would most likely pass an act that would increase work by 10k in lisbon even if it would mean that porto would lose 8k workers . 
  but i understand that porto ( or in your case the country of portugal ) would be pissed . 
  how can you solve such a problem ? 
  well let 's take a look at parties . 
  let 's assume that there 's the fictional `` amadora separatistic party '' which fights for an independent country . 
  even if 100 % of amadora 's citizens would back this idea it would never be feasible because amadora 's inhabitants are a minority in portugal . 
  to solve this problem and acccept those ideas/opinions the government could grant them the possibility of being represented in the parliament even though they do n't get enough votes to enter ( i do n't know if portugal has a minimum requirement of % but let 's simply assume that you do ) . 
  is this idea really democratic ? 
  not really but in my opinion it 's fair . 
  everybody should have the right to be relevant even if they are only a small minority . 
  a portuguese car manufacturer would be crushed by volkswagen or fiat if the eu had a pure free market . 
  this is why you 'd need to regulate . 
  germany would dominate europe ( they still do to some extent but that 's another story ) and i personally do n't like this because it 's damaging european progress .
