  nations are a process that develops out of similarities of similar cultures ( german nation , italian nation , french nation ) , not out of a `` difference '' from the average perception of a nation . 
  just because barcelona is different than madrid it 's not automatically a nation . 
  nations itself can be composed out of very different cultures . 
  breton is different from occitane and corsican is different from alsatian . 
  the mafia went to germany during the 60s and 70s when italian immigrants went to germany during the `` gastarbeiterprogramm '' . 
  they `` helped '' italian migrants with loans and other gestures to settle in germany . 
  this hardly is a new phenomenon . 
  generally the government never cared because nobody got shot and since there was no law covering money laundering ( the first major law was passed in the 90s ) . 
   by the way , i have no idea what `` good friday '' even is have you never heard of jesus christ ? 
  he was some pretty important person in our region . 
  russia is obviously interested into getting those regions . 
  military aid to `` concerned citizens '' has always been a method to help making certain regions break away from their original country . 
  russia also has most likely some own soldiers ( not only de facto mercenaries ) in ukraine to sow discontent . 
  they basically just have to part tanks and weapons at the border and wait for ukrainian russians to get them . 
  this is obviously a shitty thing to do but it 's definitely not the first time this has ever happened . 
  after the somewhat illegal coup/revolution it 's the perfect opportunity for russia to grab territory that they considered their own 25 years ago . 
  not being part of nato makes it also way easier for russia to do whatever they want . 
  since ukraine pushed eu talks in the past it was probably that they would have joined somewhere between today and 2025 making an annexation impossible . 
  the other two countries that are still in danger are moldova and belarus while it will probably never happen that russia tries to attack the baltic states . 
  especially with kaliningrad they could have easily argued to connect it with russia . 
  the baltic states are generally kind of lucky that they joined the eu/nato because at the slightest sense of instability russia might have intervened . 
  you can usually call a taxi company in advance and they 'll send a cab to your location in most european countries . 
  is n't that exactly what uber does ? 
  simply book a car that drives you around town ? 
  seems pretty cab-like to me . 
  well yeah but it 's hopefully a step into the right direction . 
  do n't get me started on italy ... 
  i just checked the recent numbers and man that can really ruin your day . 
  2013 polls and < 50 % for same-sex marriage ... atleast there is a noticable trend that the society will change in the next 5 years . 
  if italy can manage to have a stable government for more than 2 years they might even be able to pass a law but i doubt that this will happen anytime soon either . 
  well , most bigger newspapers have shitty comment sections for some reason . 
  i think it has something to do with the fact that anonymity makes people show their ridiculous opinions . 
  i do n't think that 's just a problem for times of malta . 
  thanks for clearing that up though !, 
  i guess i read those comments that often because i like to practice my maltese `` skills '' ( i do n't have any but it 's fun to try ) . 
  great news !, 
  but is n't maltese politics generally a tiny bit more conservative than on continental europe ? 
  i know that this act was mostly pushed through by the pl since then pn is in the opposition but i always thought that there are a relatively decently sized part of maltese who were against gay marriage ( although obviously not the majority ) . 
  i 'm not trying to bash you guys , this was just how i understood it from visits and browsing tom or / r/malta . 
  to be fair this whole debate is filled with morons . 
  you obviously have a few extreme leftists defending russia but the other side is just as fucked up . 
  a bunch of idiots who start rambling about the upcoming war , how it 's `` cold war all over again '' and how `` we need to defend ourselves '' . 
  i always have the feeling ( especially here on / r/europe ) that a bunch of people want to see ww3 or something . 
  all these stories like `` russia is going for poland next '' are the same shit like `` but look at kosovo '' . 
  is it that hard to debate objectively ? 
  yes , russia did something that is n't ok . 
  yes , western countries behaved weird when they backed an illegitimate government with a huge share of neofascists hours after they seized power . 
  but this does n't mean that russia is going for country x next . 
  they are not going to annex another country . 
  i know that a bunch of idiots would like to see ww3 and kick russia 's ass but this is not going to happen . 
  crimea is going to remain russian and that 's it . 
  the conflict is n't as complex as people want it to be . 
  russia did something because they knew that the eu and us did n't care . 
  sucks for ukraine but that 's how it is . 
  here !, 
  you forgot those : ^ ^ . . 
  that 's just some racist bullshit . 
  the fact that your original comment got upvoted even though it 's full of ignorance shows the true `` colors '' of this sub . 
  you made the statement that `` napoli [ having ] only a handful of white people '' equates to `` immigration problems '' . 
  immigrants are just as lazy as italians . 
  the reason why they ca n't work is because they ca n't . 
  illegal immigrants ca n't work that 's why they do n't work . 
  how do black people ruin the `` neighborhood '' ? 
  are you scared of seeing black people in public ? 
  you are basically generalizing a whole group of people because you have been to napoli once . 
  if that 's not a stupid thing to do i really do n't know what can be considered stupid . 
  by statistical means italians evade more taxes than immigrants . 
  does this mean that every italian should be considered corrupt and a criminal ? 
  how about we send them back to italy because some italians evaded taxes . 
  that 's the same rationale . 
  but you would n't say that about italians because italians are n't africans . 
  by your logic only africans can be grouped together . 
  how is being uneducated a reason for sending them back ? 
  i doubt you support the idea to kick highschool dropouts out of your country . 
  how about we make a compromise ? 
  every highschool dropout , lazy person and person with a criminal record who lives on welfare boards a boat and goes to tunisia . 
  who cares if they are tunesian . 
  this is the same idea as sending algerians to tunesia . 
  why do you support the idea that foreigners who are `` uneducated , lazy , [ ... ] violent and [ ... ] live on welfare '' can be kicked out but their `` national '' equivalent can stay ? 
  only because they were lucky enough to be born in italy ? 
  if you can show me a statistic that shows that 100 % of foreigners are lazy and uneducated i 'll apologize and start supporting your idea of kicking out foreigners . 
  however since you wo n't be able to prove this this wo n't happen . 
  this is hardly surprising . 
  the ` ngrangheta has always had a strong presence in north-rhine westphalia . 
  this has been the case since the 90s . 
  they even executed some italians in duisburg a decade ago . 
  it 's obvious that the german government does n't care to much about organized crime . 
  as long as they do n't kill people it would be more costly to fight them than letting them do their thing . 
  germany is the 2nd home for the ` ndrangheta when it comes to laundering money . 
  it 's hardly a coincidence that the mafia expanded in germany . 
  liberal legislation and the fact that being part of the mafia is n't a crime in germany made this happen . 
  the ` ndrangheta is going to try to prevent murder and assault because they know that this is the only thing that could bring them behind bars . 
  i do n't understand this statement . 
  the fact that you saw a lot of black people in napoli is an indication for what ? 
  it 's not like blacks turn white once they are integrated . 
  you ca n't judge a country 's problem based on how a city 's inhabitants look like . 
  what 's the problem with them being black ? 
  a city can be 100 % black and be more `` integrated '' into the country than a city without foreigners . 
  the skin color of citizens is n't an indication of the country 's immigration problem . 
  i had a different source ( an editorial article ) first and exchanged it with the official statement that was linked without reading it again because i thought it said the same thing .
