  if france and germany have an oligopoly on the `` political market '' in europe that 's bad and you should pass laws that guarantee a competitive `` market '' . 
  while certain regions already have guaranteed parties and or have special rights in different countries ( south tyrol is treated differently than other regions in italy / the south schleswig voter federation in germany e.g. ), 
  i think this is also important for the eu . 
  otherwise it would destroy smaller countries completely and germany/italy/uk / france would have an oligopoly in europe . 
  this certainly needs a lot of work though . 
  as i said i would invent a council were every country has 1 vote . 
  even though this would mean that malta and liechtenstein would have more votes than germany it 's preventing germany/france to crush other countries . 
  i personally am more european than german and i personally would n't care if the german industry would be dominated by france as long as gdp remains in europe and does n't transfer to china or the us but i understand your concerns . 
  i think that the current eu parliament is not really that fair to smaller countries especially since germany has as much seats as belgium , czech republic , greece , hungary , portugal combined . 
  it 's understandable from the `` power '' aspect but this means that while the german representatives can easily decide for one position , belgium , the czech republic , greece , hungary and portugal would need to find common ground which is hard especially since those countries are diverse and have different aims and opinions . 
  that 's how democracy works though . 
  minorities lack power in democracies simply because nobody cares . 
  personally i would favor a council where every country has 1 vote ( some really small countries only 0,5 e.g. ) . 
  if it goes by power it 's obvious that france and germany will dominate the eu . 
  just like the average citizen decides on a national scale . 
  of course if you would n't care about your country ( portugal ) as a national state it would n't matter but if you think that you as portuguese ( rather than european ) deserve more rights that 's your valid opinion . 
  i personally do n't agree with that sentiment because i do n't care about my country to that extent however i agree that the eu has a problem with lobbies . 
  however this is due to the political system that the eu simply has no power which is a direct result from the nationalistic oriented countries in europe . 
  but i think that the major problem is the perception of the future eu political system . 
  is it going to be based on amount of inhabitants so that germany gets 80 votes , france 65 and portugal 10 ? 
  this system would be representative for european citizen on the european scale but this would also mean that a portuguese citizen has 1/8 of the german citizen 's vote which is n't really fair like you said . 
  it 's reuters . 
  they are known for making shit up and not double checking their sources . 
  i ca n't tell how many times they made up people . 
  one time they made up an italian mayor that did n't exist at all . 
  they basically took some italian names and formed a new person out of nothing just to make an article . 
  they definitely lost a lot of credibility over the last few years . 
  it 's like they have some lazy underpayed intern write and correct every major article . 
  but that would require progressive thinking . 
  and that 's not acceptable in a democracy where only old guys rule a country . 
  and how would you explain progressive ideas to national lobbies and unions ?!, 
  ai n't happening . 
  the average citizen hates immigrants because they fear they might take away their jobs . 
  that 's how it was with german `` gastarbeiter '' and that 's how it was when the east-european countries joined schengen . 
  did anything bad happen ? 
  nope . 
  this pseudo nationalistic `` work only for [ insert random nationality ] '' groupthink is fucking disgusting tbh . 
  especially citizens of germany and italy should know it better . 
  it 's mindboggling that this xenophobic sentiment is even socially accepted . 
  who the flying fuck gives a shit if a turk is working instead of a german ? 
  it does n't affect gdp and it does n't change the productivity of the country in the slightest . 
  and judging by the fact that we italians love to shut down business during the summer while the chinese immigrants are always working there ass off even during 40 \u00b0 makes me think that europe would be better off if we 'd exchange every lazy european with a hardworking immigrant . 
  maybe we would n't have problems with fascist/racist parties all over europe if we 'd be a country full of immigrants . 
  i 'm tired of seeing people getting angry at our government yet voting for the dumbest parties because they are some gullible idiots who fall for the first con man who talks about tax-reduction and free cash . 
  it 's a movement that started last year because some truckers got mad at random stuff . 
  they then completely blocked infrastructure in sicily for weeks and then they got mad because the local industry had huge problems because they blocked their own industry . 
  it 's a vicious cycle of some people raging at the result of their own actions . 
  they then got infiltrated by the mafia ( obviously ) and the whole movement died down . 
  bunch of teenagers getting mad at random stuff that they know nothing about . 
  but hey . 
  as long as i can throw bricks at pigs i can easily skip work , amirite ? 
  if they would at least fight for something that has some goals . 
  but no . 
  they block a country and when everything goes down the shitter they complain . 
  people might say that this is typically italian but that 's not true . 
  it 's typically for fanatics and narrowminded idiots . 
  just look at them . 
  throwing trash cans around like it 's the 1st of may . 
  swinging flags and flipping cops the finger . 
  maybe the government should n't have introduced the tessera del tifoso . 
  now those dudes roam the street looking for the next thing to destroy . 
  pretty sad actually . 
  yeah i also went on demonstrations and liked to shout and feel `` cool '' . 
  but i was 14 back then . 
  those dudes are adults . 
  with families and kinds . 
  how pathetic . 
  switzerland is pretty unique . 
  iirc you guys even implemented a law that the schweizer franken is bound to the euro this summer which basically renders the `` but we have a strong currency '' argument redundant . 
  i think it 's only a matter of time until switzerland joins . 
  you have pretty much the same laws and same civil rights as your neighbors which would make the integration process pretty easy ( compared to turkey ) you also do n't have anybody in the eu who is interested in you not joining which would make it even easier . 
  i guess it all depends on whether the swiss population wants to join or not but i think this will change in the next 10-15 years . 
  it 'll probably be a really fast process . 
  that 's just my opinion though . 
   i think you need to be careful with this attitude . 
  an aversion to everything from the uk is getting close to xenophobia . 
  imagine if i said i was averse to everything that came from italy ? 
  true . 
  aversion is a strong word . 
  i do n't even think it 's against anything that the uk does ( great country imho ) . 
  it 's more related to the uk 's eu policies which in my honest opinion are more than ridiculous . 
  maybe it 's also this cameron attitude of talking about the commonwealth constantly even though it has as much relevance as the polish-lithuanian commonwealth . 
  ^ ^ ^ just ^ ^ ^ kidding ^ ^ ^   this is not a pro-eu sub . 
  this is a european sub . 
  there are europeans that post frequently that are not from eu member states ( norwegians and swiss ) . 
  there are euphiles and there are eusceptics , from both uk and other member states . 
  if you only want to encounter euphile views , this is not the right sub for you . 
  while that 's true you ca n't deny the fact that this sub is incredibly popular in europhile groups . 
  it 's a sub that is mostly based on the european union . 
  whether it 's somebody from switzerland or sweden it 's still about swedish relations to eu member states or something that regards other countries . 
  but yes . 
  even eurosceptics frequent this sub however those are honestly a minority . 
  just the fact that a thread about the european dream was on of the top-threads yesterday is something that you would n't see in most european politics related forums . 
   technically , they made it optional after the age of 14 . 
  i think it is still required between 11 and 14 . 
  i think the current government are trying to make language learning compulsory until 16 , which i think is a good idea because i think it is part of a wide education . 
  yes it 's optional once students reacht he age of 14 . 
  an incredibly stupid move by the former government which improved nothing . 
  instead it reduced knowledge of german and french by a lot since only a minority of students picked a modern language ( instead of greek/latin ) . 
  a political move that somehow was rarely critizised back in 2004 .
