maybe she 'll do a better job raising the flag on downing street than better together . 
  i doubt she 'll get his heavenly reward if she puts the schahada flag at half mast, 
  they knew the exact time of the crossing ans that they crossed borders in a section where the gate was broken . 
  after following the convoy for 2 days and taking pictures of the military vehicles behind ( which were n't there to protect the convoy ) and taking pictures of the inside of the trucks ( before the actual press tour ) it 's weird that nobody took a picture in the dark ( a short flash wo n't be noticed and they would n't shoot the reporter ) , the gate or the russian vehicles after there was daylight . 
  again , i 'm sure it happened because this is the perfect occassion for putin but why are n't there any pictures ? 
  rather than taking a billion pictures of white trucks that were probably already unloaded the reporters should have followed the actual story - russian military crossing the border . 
  dumb question . 
  why are there no pictures of that happening ? 
  we have news about military vehicles with russian plates crossing the country but nobody has actually shown pictures . 
  i do n't doubt that this is happening since putin does n't have to fear anything but why are n't the reporters showing those pictures after they followed the convoy for this long time ? 
  i think the weapons that we are indirectly giving to terrorists in africa should be our main concern . 
  also arms supply is n't relevant for the conflict in ukraine because russia does ' t supply insurgents with western tech . 
  it 's simply too valuable to be wasted on separatists . 
  he copypasted it from the ft page because ft is a garbage newspaper with garbage paywalls . 
  it 's shockig that it 's the # 1 newspaper for brussels . . 
  it 's actually a good thing that the cost went up since it drove demand in germany . 
  higher prices = more renewable energy, 
  exactly . 
  / u/guise _ stop should know that sweden is a paradise and that there is nothing wrong in it . 
  seriously . 
   this is arguably one thing the eu is not doing enough of . 
  which is kind of hard to do in a democracy where people do n't think in decades but in 4/5-year time frames . 
  anything that puts pressure on people without an immediate positive result is going to be viewed negatively . 
  add some nationalism to this equation and you 'll have countries that start whining because eu-regulations only work in the long run while affecting national souveignty in the short run . 
  it 's like tax increases only on a macroeconomic level . 
  you could only solve this problem by giving ep-representatives a mandates for a longer period of time however this will piss off people even more . 
  you just called him an asshole because you did n't like the way he voiced his opinion . 
  you literally called somebody on reddit a dick and an asshole . 
  how is this not aggressive ? 
  if he likes to write in a condescending manner so be it . 
  do n't get mad at his style of writing stuff . 
  taking a percentage of a persons income however means that some people pay more taxes than others . 
  you could charge an absolute value - everything else ca n't be equal . 
  there was a court case this week in germany that basically covered this topic . 
  a fat woman sued a company for discrimination because they did n't want to hire a fat person . 
  ( it was some health and anti-obesity related ngo btw ) she did n't get far because even though hiring people because of their weight might be questionable it 's not related to a disability . 
  obesity gets no protection from anti-descrimination laws in germany . 
  otherwise you could eat literally a ton of food and keep your job . 
  it can obviously be an addiction however there are a ton of other addictions that are n't protected by laws . 
  sure it 's not a big deal and it 's probably not worth the time to turn spain into a republic but i think it 's weird that spanish children ca n't aim towards becoming the # 1 in spain and to represent their country . 
  if a german kid wants to represent germany for some reason he could do it by becoming president . 
  in monarchies that 's literally impossible . 
  at the end of the day it 's obviously not really a big deal since they really do n't have any power but it 's still a weird aspect of constitutional monarchies . 
  it 's most likely not worth the time to change this but still . 
  you do if you become a government employee . 
  every representative in both houses of parliament has to do this before he is even allowed to speak up . 
  even though it 's only symbolic it 's still pretty weird that democratically elected politicians have to take the oath of allegiance which is n't covering their position as democratic delegates . 
  who has a major influence when it comes to politics . 
  imagine saying that the german president is appointed for life and that his family is the legal succession to his office . 
  spain is basically being represented by one family . 
  this is n't democratic especially if spain is in any way similar to the uk where people swear their loyalty to protect the crown rather than enforcing the people 's opinion . 
  we are n't talking about a seat in the parliament or something . 
  the king is literally the head of the state and represents an entire country . 
  if nobody in spain can achieve to become king it 's kind of non-democratic . 
  i 'd be totally ok with holding general elections to appoint a king . 
  but then his office would be more like an elected president . 
  having a family being the main representative is kind of weird in the 21st century . 
  especially a country like switzerland should know better to treat languages with respect . 
  luzern is still a pretty cool city and i would n't call all people from there racists . 
  how about the 3rd republic ? 
  now would be a great chance to become a democratic republic and stop being a monarchy . 
  the king did what he needed to do to save spain . 
  now it would be a good step to reinstall a pre-franco spain . 
  as were stauffenberg and paul revere yet they are being portrayed as heroes in their countries and nobody would call them terrorists because they fought their enemies . 
  because the french revolution is - well - french . 
  mandela on the other hand was just some black guy from africa . 
  and the only way that africa should be represented in france , if you ask fn , is by having a statue commemorating the reconquest of algeria . 
  the fn was founded as a right wing party . 
  jean-marie le pen is noted for his anti-semitic comments . 
  he denied the holocaust and called black football players `` not french '' . 
  he made jokes about the holocaust and called his party `` ni droite , ni gauche , fran\u00e7ais '' - that 's exactly the thing that mussolini used to say . 
  his party is nationalistic , supports protectionism of national culture and the french market and it 's against immigration as well being harsh when it comes to law . 
  if that does n't sound like fascism i do n't know what you 'd consider fascism . 
  radical nationalism with added economical protectionism are exactly the key points that mussolini used . 
  it 's the same thing that peron said and it 's the same thing that franco was trying to establish . 
  it supported extremists when it was even more radical and the founders of the fn were often against de gaulle leaving algeria ( sounds a lot like italian irridentism , right ? ) . 
  to further elaborate : le pen was never debated by fn after he wanted to kick 3 million `` non-europeans '' out of france . 
  he was never challenged after he said that the numbers of the death during the holocaust were `` debatable '' . 
  a party that is anti-capitalist and anti-socialist/communist and claims to be some sort of 3rd ideology sounds an awful lot like fascism . 
  this party is fascist . 
  its history would make peron proud . 
  it shares every single point with the pnf . 
  to claim that this party does n't have ** huge ** fascist tendencies is insane . 
  maybe you should leave france and look at that party from a distance . 
  if even serious newspapers call it neo-fascist and mark france as a brown/black country after the election i 'd believe them . 
   do you have any idea what it 's like to be poor ? 
  being poor does n't give you the right to take dumb decisions . 
  poor people are n't `` dumb '' . 
  they still have a brain and can still think . 
  you can still be poor and be part of a social democratic party . 
  those parties were founded by poor people . 
  is fn going to change something in brussels to help the poor people in france ? 
  you also should n't forget that a large share of poor people in france are actually foreigners . 
  where 's the solidarity between poor people ? 
  white frenchmen vote for a party that is openly xenophobic . 
  it 's hard to take `` but i 'm poor '' seriously when they vote for something that 'll hurt a huge group in france . 
  fn is n't going to help moroccans who live in poverty . 
  if anything they 'll help french citizens with french ancestry . 
  that 's how it 's going to be . 
  fn is no solution .
