   the uk is pretty welcoming to immigrants and that we have had huge levels of immigration because of it . 
  since there are obviously no statistics on immigrants in britain i 'll just assume that you are correct . 
  i 'm not saying that integration policies are bad in the uk , or let me rephrase it , worse than in other european countries however it 's still far from perfect . 
  for example the 2011 riots were also caused by socio-economical disparities which can be traced back to insufficient integration . 
  of course this happens everywhere . 
  italy , france , germany etc. 
  still nowhere close to `` pretty welcoming '' . 
  cameron is also known as conservative hardliner in europe and absolutely not a tolerant immigrant loving and work creating politician . 
   [ ... ] i think it depends partly how long you are going to a place and other factors too . 
  i normally try and speak something in the native language , but i travel a great deal for work and sometimes just go to places for 24 hours and sometimes on very short notice . 
  how many languages do you expect me to have to know ? 
  also , it is not just anglophones who expect people to know english . 
  frequently i have come across , for instance , dutch , danes , swedes , travelling in other countries who do n't speak the language of that country and try and communicate with the locals in english . 
  i do agree though , that there is a way to be polite to people when you are in their country and this can be done either by trying to speak their language or alternatively by being grateful when they try and speak your language . 
  but i am not sure that it is fair to say that brits are less respectful than other people . 
  completely agree . 
  i absolutely did n't want to make it sound like brits are foreigner hating pricks . 
  this goes for every nationality . 
  whether it 's somebody from france or spain everybody should be respectful and accept that not everybody speaks english . 
   in my view , one of the problems that brits have with foreign languages , in addition to not really needing them , is that even if we want to learn one we ca n't be sure which one to choose . 
  i chose french and italian at random , but i have always felt embarrassed that i do n't know german . 
  true . 
  i bet it 's not easy to choose a language if you usually do n't * need * it . 
  however it should be every politicians duty to improve education and languages are an important asset . 
  whether it 's french or german really does n't matter in the end . 
  knowing a sencond languages improves your knowledge in different ways . 
  for example with italian you can read italian newspapers and look at let 's say british political discussion from a different angle . 
  completely ignoring sencond languages is n't the solution though . 
  when i went to school we had to learn a total of 2-3 languages . 
  even though this differs from school to school a 3rd language besides german and english is usually compulsory . 
  i took french but spanish or russian were also available . 
   [ ... ] the french people complained ( jokingly ) that it was n't fair that we were speaking english , as there were four of them and only two of us and we were in paris . 
  but if you think about it , this situation could occur anywhere . 
  my british friend was n't being rude - he did speak german fluently and was only in paris for the weekend . 
  that 's totally ok . 
  if somebody really does n't know the language that 's not a problem . 
  however if you demand to speak in english that 's a problem in my opinion . 
  and i think that an educational system that favor 1-language-education this is kind of the subliminal message . 
  but yeah , i 'm not saying that this is the problem of brits because i know that people from the uk do n't think like that . 
  it 's just something that i do n't like about the british governments . 
  but who am i to judge we have our own problems . 
  again i really did n't want to start a rant about how `` evil '' people from britain are . 
  sorry if it sounded like that . 
  i was just somewhat thrown off from your assumption that this sub hates anglo-phones . 
  i ca n't speak for others but i personally love britain . 
  i do n't think it 's hate against anglophones . 
  it 's more like an aversion to everything that comes from the uk . 
  this is a pro-eu sub and the anti-eu bullshit that was spilled by cameron during the last few years made many mainland europeans bitter and angry . 
  i 'm neither justifying nor agreeing with this sentiment even though i can somewhat understand why people do n't like britain that much . 
  this is also somewhat related to the fact that labour made second languages optional in the uk in 2004 ( ? ) . 
  the fact that the uk governments always had this `` learn english or gtfo ; why do we need to learn a second language ? 
  we speak english '' attitude is n't really helping to combat the stereotype that uk students do n't know shit when it comes to other languages . 
  you can easily can live in spain without knowing spanish however if you read about the uk throwing a fit because some indian immigrant does n't know english it makes the uk seem a bit hypocritical . 
  i understand that more people know english than indian in europe but basically cancelling languages from the educational program is not beneficial at all . 
  the problem however is that a lot of people in spain , italy , france and other `` warm '' countries do n't speak english . 
  it 's an effort to speak in another language . 
  you probably do n't realize this since you never had somebody come to your country demanding to be served in his language but not everybody has some university english certificate and many people struggle and or need to make a huge effort to speak english semi-fluently . 
  the point is : if you go to a country where english is n't the official language and you do n't even try to learn their language you look like an asshole . 
  you go to someone 's country and demand that he makes an effort so that you can speak to him in your native tongue . 
  while most tourists in england make an effort to speak in your language . 
  of course english is the most important language in the world but having such a demanding attitude is n't good . 
  i 'm not saying that i agree with the hate and i really do n't want to generalize . 
  however i have met many people who do n't speak anything but english and do n't even try to learn the language . 
  whether it 's an exchange student from the uk or some random friend from scotland . 
  it has something to do with respect . 
  of course we can easily talk in english but keep in mind that this is not our native language . 
  many people do n't have 12 years of english classes in school . 
  if they speak to you in english they are doing you a favor . 
  they could also say ` screw you ' and talk in their language and you ( not you personally ) would look like a fool running around in a country without basic communication skills . 
  you know how some people speak academic english instead of their local dialect that they use at home ? 
  just like they do you a favor `` we '' are helping anglophones by talking in english . 
  sometimes swiss or austrians try to talk in `` high german '' and use `` high german '' words instead of their local vocabulary . 
  they are doing it to do germans a favor . 
  the same goes with this subreddit . 
  what would happen if everybody would write in their native language ? 
  you would probably understand italian , french , maybe spanish and maybe portuguese . 
  that 's pretty nice however somebody who does n't know any other language besides english would be screwed . 
  that 's just my opinion though and i ca n't speak for the guy you replied to . 
  also i completely disagree with his/her generalizing assumption . 
  it 's funny yet sad to see how amazed ( old ) politicians are when it comes to random stuff . 
  whether it 's your example of some idiot talking some random shit in your parliament ( ? ), 
  that is less filled than a 7:30 calculus lecture on monday or angela merkel saying : `` the internet is new territory for all of us '' . 
  i 'm not even joking she said that like a few months ago . 
  it 's painful to see how some ignorant morons try to run our countries . 
  and yet these people get reelected over and over again ... 
  i think if we are ever going to see a unified europe then we 'd have to learn to speak in a language that is can be understood by anybody . 
  of course major languages will never completely disappear but imagine if a unified europe had a supranational news organisation and a more advanced political system . 
  currently every member state 's language is considered as an official eu language . 
  while it 's pretty cool that eu buildings in brussels have their names listed in different languages it 's more or less symbolic . 
  maltese is probably only spoken by 10 people in brussels . 
  on a larger scale english is the language even in europe . 
  many europeans speak a secondary language ( 55-60 % ) and english is by far ( 40 out of 60 % ) the most common . 
  especially in smaller countries like malta , luxembourg or lithuania many people know a secondary language (  90 % ) . 
  i like your comparison with latin because i really think that english is going to ( if it is n't already ) become the universal language all over the world . 
  however i think it 's always a good idea to teach another language in school , even if the official language is english . 
  true , because a big majority of mexicans in the us come from poor families with very poor chances of learning english . 
  the average knowledge of english in mexico in below average but the more educated people can speak it * somewhat * fluently . 
  while english is the second language in mexico , danish is only being taught in a few countries as secondary language . 
  africa and eastern europe do n't . 
  while a us-american does n't have to talk to mexicans in a second language ( since you guys are native speakers ) a dane would have to switch from danish to english to talk to somebody from nigeria who also switches from his language into english .
