  gorgonzola was invented in gorgonzola ( mi ) , parmesan cheese comes from parma and roquefort comes from roquefort . 
  when you hear a fancy french name you usually think that it 's from france . 
  german beer comes from germany and british stilton cheese ( which is also blue iirc ) is british . 
  why would you have to call it stilton cheese if it 's from los angeles ? 
  i kind of understand that a city wants to keep the industry local and trademark their original product . 
  i 'm sure americans would n't be happy if somebody would invent the `` original new yorker buffalo cheese '' in prague . 
  the fact that companies sell roquefort blue cheese rather than `` blue cheese '' is simply because it makes them more money by tricking people into thinking that it 's actually french . 
  let 's hope that poland does n't think that france and britain will help them . 
  did n't work out too well for them the last time . 
  semantics . 
  the question remains the same . 
  whether he uses `` do '' or nothing does n't change the fact that at the end of the sentence there 's a question mark . 
  `` so you advocate war with russia ? '', 
  is obviously a question . 
  he did n't say : `` you want to wage war , you fool !! '', 
  it 's kind of funny to see how this evolved . 
  almost 100 years ago coudenhove-kalergi first had the idea of a united european country . 
  his ideas were that the three allies usa , uk and europe would have the chance to survive a soviet expansion . 
  it 's interesting how his ideas seemed very unlikely 10-20 years later when it looked like fascist europe would become the new western enemy . 
  luckily fascism lost thanks to the uk and the usa and - interestingly - the soviet union . 
  both kalergi and churchill knew that a european country would prevent russia from grabbing smaller countries and they also knew that this would have led to new conflicts . 
  and that 's exactly what happened . 
  without the european union this situation would have never happened . 
  with no parliament in brussels russia would have simply deployed some troops to keep ukraine as a de facto vassal . 
  without the eu there would n't have been euromaidan and there would n't have been the chance for ukraine to choose between russia or europe . 
  we are most likely going to see even more conflicts . 
  eastern europe has always been contested . 
  20 years ago the ideological border was in the middle of germany . 
  after the fall of the gdr and later the ussr europe expanded . 
  poland was an obvious addition as were the baltic states . 
  i 'm sure russia was ok with those countries `` switching sides '' . 
  but the balkans and southeastern europe in general ? 
  if now ukraine is going to switch sides the eu is going to expand far into former russian territory . 
  countries like belarus are going to follow sooner or later and russia knows that . 
  i think the mistakes were made when nobody thought about inviting `` new '' russia into the new `` western club '' . 
  calling the union european rather than eurasian was obviously going to piss them off . 
  the cold war ended with borders in central europe but now it seems like the west is going further into `` russian territory '' . 
  the western fear that greece , italy could have fallen into communist hands suddenly changed into a western fear that former allies like ukraine , hungary , serbia or bulgaria might be lost forever . 
  most already made their mind up but there are still some countries left that are n't exactly sure what to do . 
  we are going to see some very nasty conflicts over the next 10-15 years . 
  ukraine is only one of them . 
  edit : changed fashist ( what was i even thinking ) to fascist . 
  thanks  no worries . 
  i could n't care less about reddit gold !, 
  the ioc does n't publish rankings . 
  the have never published a ranking . 
  the only ranking that you can see are published by the current committee . 
  in the most recent case it was the soc which was established a few years ago by the national olympic committee . 
  therefore their ranking is n't being officially released by the ioc . 
  the soc is an autonomous committee which acts outside of the ioc 's power . 
  further you did n't understand my example . 
  i 'm not saying to take a total count . 
  however you ca n't deny that a country with 0/20/99 is obviously better than a country with 1/0/0 . 
  i never said that a bronze medal should be worth just as much as a gold medal . 
  a simply system that gives a gold medal 3 points , silver 2 points and bronze 1 point would be way better than the current system . 
  now i 'm not saying that my system is perfect but it makes more sense because it sees that canada has 20 athletes who came 1st or 2nd while norway `` only '' had 16 . 
  you ca n't tell me that belarus is all-in-all better than austria or france only because they got 5 medals out of 6 total . 
  france and austria have more medals ( 15 and 17 ) yet they are behind belarus . 
  i do n't get the point of those pictures . 
  so the us counted the total of medals ?!, 
  what 's the big deal . 
  in fact the official counting encouraged by olympia uses the total count as well . 
  they actually said that they wanted to add gold + silver + bronze simply because it makes no sense to scale them after gold medals . 
  the old counting method implied that gold is always better . 
  a country with 1/0/0 would always be ranked higher than a country with 0/20/99 medals which is kind of stupid . 
  since the ioc does n't have statistics ( because keeping records of an individual 's achievements would be better than nationalities [ which is kind of stupid ] ) . 
  of course they took the total ranking to make the us look better . 
  the same way that russia and other countries used the `` more common '' version of displaying gold medals . 
  this does n't change the fact that keeping records of countries and their respective medals is stupid . 
  especially for the winter olympics where most european countries train in austria , switzerland , italy and france it does n't really make sense to grant portugal or belgium medals for training facilities that are being maintained in other countries . 
  that 's why the ioc does n't keep a record . 
  many italian winter-olypics champions are usually from south tirol and speaking german and only `` officially italians '' . 
  all those athletes can usually change the country they run for because they have 2 nationalities . 
  the system is n't really proportional as some countries have the same amount of mep but highly different numbers of citizens . 
  the thing about croatia is that they entered the eu in 2013 . 
  however the lisbon treaty says that there have to be 751 meps in total . 
  since now there 's also croatia with a theoretical number of 12 meps they had to take some meps away from other countries ( 10 countries in the 2014 case ) . 
  so some countries lost meps so that croatia could get their place in the list . 
  they actually would have 12 seats but for this election they lost 1 seat so that they could enter the ep in the first place . 
  now this might change in the future with possible additions of montenegro , serbia and turkey so croatia might even get their 12 seats back in a year or so . 
  if you live in germany you actually do n't need to register since you should have already done that when you first moved there . 
  but yes it is possible for a czech to vote in germany if he is registered in germany . 
  if you have two nationalities you could theoretically vote in one country in the booth on election day and by letter for your 2nd country . 
  you should n't but it is theoretically possible since there is no way to control that . 
  on the other hand not voting for all your countries will reduce the participation since people with 2 nationalities are counted twice in the eu ( once in germany and once in france for example ) . 
  but yes : it 's totally possible for a eu resident who lives in a different member-state to vote for the ep elections . 
  pretty much . 
  it 's one of those things people wo n't understand . 
  a federal eu is europe 's future . 
  just as the euro is going to be the european currency . 
  but since people do n't like change they wo n't change their position and still claim that their `` nation '' is better off being alone . 
  the fact that the uk is one of the leaders of this `` anti-eu '' sentiment is just a direct result from european history . 
  trapped between the continent and the us they still try to hold onto their commonwealth and all those neat things from the past . 
  cameron ( or his successor ) will have to choose between yes or no . 
  it would be better if they 'd got their shit together and simply decide for one side . 
  this `` yes but maybe not '' is n't a valid opinion anymore . 
  i 'm sorry but free movement is one of the most important rights in europe . 
  that 's what people connect the eu with and that 's what the whole european idea is about . 
  switzerland ca n't choose between parts of the treaty and simply cancel other amendments because they do n't like it . 
  it 's hypocritical and disgusting to demand erasmus for swiss students but kick european workers out .
