  people do have the possibility to launch their own party . 
  group up and form a `` party for wealth '' . 
  if you are serious with your issues you will try to solve them . 
  blaming germany , europe , black people is n't going to make them less poor . 
  it makes them look like poor idiots . 
   sound logic here . 
  fascists = bad people . 
  i 'd say that you agree with that statement . 
  if fascists = bad then not being fascist = good . 
  easy as that . 
  to be superior i 'd have to be above something that is visible . 
  fascists are so far down that they are underground . 
  if 99 % of the world population are n't fascists i would n't call those 99 % superior . 
  they are normal . 
  you are joking right ? 
  `` dude , read about fn . 
  they are actually like the greens . 
  they only * act * like fascists and they only * claim * to hate foreigners but it 's all a joke . 
  le pen is actually a tricky trickster . 
  you all fell for her ruse . 
  jokes on you : fn is only pretending '' ^ that 's what you sound like . 
  grow up and assume responsability . 
  there 's a difference between the degree of wing `` yness '' . 
  nobody is going to complain about social democrats winning the election . 
  nobody really complains about centre right parties winning the election either ( germany , eastern europe ) . 
  italy has still some problems since m5s is the 2nd party and people still voted for the far right alleanza nazionale . 
  but compared to other countries like france or britain yesterday 's elections wo n't have a huge impact on the current government since grillo failed to win . 
  i 'm glad that italy is finally going to have some months of peace where the pd can enact needed reforms . 
  a victory by grillo would have made this impossible . 
  while france and britain will have to change a lot , italy can go ahead and do the needed things . 
  renzi finally has an affirmation ( since he was never elected ) that he 's liked and the main enemy of the pd has massive problems without berlusconi . 
  5 years from now when grillo has disappeared the pd will be the strongest party if they can keep the distance from the fi . 
  that 's really a good day for italy . 
   that 's why i believe that this is mainly a protest vote , there are not 25 % of fascists in france but it 's still a dumb thing to do . 
  if you do n't like hollande you do n't go ahead and vote for the first moron who claims to have the perfect solution - xenophobia . 
  you are n't protesting tax increase by voting for fascists . 
  this simply does n't work . 
   also insulting a whole country from your high horse not voting for a right wing nutjob makes me arrogant ? 
  you say that anti-fascists judging french voting behavior are judging from their high horses ? 
  if that 's the case i 'll gladly saddle my `` high '' horse because i 'd be proud to not vote for fascists . 
  if you vote for them that 's your own responsability . 
  i do n't have to tell anybody in the future that i casted my vote for fascists back in 2014 . 
   makes me want to punch you in the face well , thank god that you live in a different country , am i right ? 
  go ahead and focus your anger on local anti-fascists . 
  must be hard to realize that voting for le pen is a stupid thing to do . 
  and since you are bringing in my nationality : it must be even harder to be lectured by an italian that voting pro-fascism is a bad thing . 
  if the majority of italians favored mussolini in the 20s this does n't mean that they were all fascists ( i never claimed that 1/4th of french citizens were fascist ) but all of them were still dumb people . 
  is it that hard to understand that voting for a neo-fascist party is a bad thing ? 
  regardless of the economical situation in france ? 
  even greece did n't give their fascist party a majority . 
  it 's hard to take a protest serious if you side with crazy people . 
  look at every major newspaper in the world . 
  every paper will condemn the french election . 
  a majority for a fascist party portrays a wrong image of france . 
  it 's our ( european ) ideal of democracy after all . 
  seeing the 1st major republic vote like this is awful . 
  it 's also insulting towards the big share of french people who voted for normal parties . 
  i never said that france is fascist - i simply criticized that the majority ( of the small share that went to the elections ) voted for a stupid party . 
  do n't treat the ep elections like a joke . 
  you just gave fascists more than 20 votes . 
  it might be a nice `` protest '' now and hollande might change something but how is this helping the eu ? 
  the french presidential elections are in 2017 ( if hollande does n't resign ) . 
  even if you guys are able to vote for a better president the ep will have to live with ~ 20 fascists until 2019 . 
  2 years after hollande might have been elected out of office . 
  how is this a good thing ? 
  what does today 's vote have to do with european politics in 2017 , 2018 and 2019 ? 
  it 's a selfish vote . 
  selfish regarding foreigners , selfish towards your other french citizens , selfish towards decent parties in france and selfish towards europe . 
  therefore it 's also a selfish act towards all the other 27 member states of the eu because they 'll have to live with 20 fascists in brussels after france recovers from the recession and after france elects a new parliament and a new president . 
  tell me again who is the one sitting on his high horse ? 
  certainly not the french person who voted for fascists disregarding the feelings and political aims of millions of foreigners in france in europe . 
  do i feel superior because i would never vote for fascists ? 
  i do n't think `` superior '' is the correct term . 
  i 'd call not voting for fascists `` normal '' or `` sane '' . 
  there is nothing that makes me superior for not being a bad person . 
  if you think it 's some sort of achievement to not fall for populism that 's fine but i think that 's a pretty bad sign for democracy in general . 
  i 'm not superior to anybody . 
  because that idea would make me a follower of le pen 's `` french over africans '' ideology . 
  but do n't you agree that you 'd have to be some pretty terrible person to blame everything on foreigners and brussels ? 
  he probably meant `` unitary state '' . 
  france itself however is a decentralized unitary state since it delegates many aspects to the regions but the overall historical idea of france was to establish a state that was governed in paris . 
   at some point the people decides to say `` fuck you too '' by the only means at their disposal maybe that 's just my personal opinion but i would never vote for a right wing party that is openly xenophobic . 
  there 's nothing that would ever push me into the claws of racism and intolerance . 
  i 'd probably even cut ties with friends who voted for a fascist party . 
  i could be unemployed , kicked and being pushed towards suicide by a corrupt government led by police brutality and yet i would never vote for fascism . 
  today 's election does n't show that french citizens are fed up with their government . 
  it shows that french citizens would vote for hatred and bigotry and prejudice if it could make them content . 
  i 'd rather accept my own mistakes rather than blaming it on brussels or a random moroccan neighbor . 
  hollande might understand this message but the rest of the world will see french people as idiots who vote for fascism in a democracy . 
  this is n't going to solve anything . 
  it only makes you guys look stupid ( as a collective even though many people are sane ) . 
  france might not have the same history regarding fascism like germany , italy or spain but is it that hard to pick up a history book and read about the '' - ism '' that they are going to vote for ? 
  sorry if this sounds harsh . 
  i know many french people are n't like that and it 's still a minority but i feel ashamed to live on the same continent as fascists . 
  especially europe should know better why it 's a dumb move to vote for xenophobia . 
  politics is no joke . 
  there 's nothing edgy about voting for fascists to show hollande that he 's wrong . 
  this vote shows that many people are way to selfish . 
  imagine being a foreigner in france . 
  seeing how 1/4th of france voted against foreigners must be a terrible feeling ...
