  the us tax system for example consists of over 3 million words . 
  the downside is obviously that people who are poor `` lose '' money in the long run . 
  the best solution is probably somewhere between a flat tax and a progressive tax rate or maybe even a negative income tax . 
  sweden has one of the most advanced bicycle lanes and iirc it 's a very popular method of transportation . 
  i think mountain biking is also very popular and the good infrastructure in cities generally makes people use bike lines more often . 
  those statistics are awful . 
  why would anybody invert the numbers and show them in percentages ? 
  this makes no sense . 
  if the question is : `` how often do you exercise or play sports ? '', 
  the logical assumtion is that 100 % = `` always '' while this is n't the case . 
  also why would you use a hot color like red to show `` lazyness '' . 
  i 'd think that a color like red would mean being very active and a cooler color showing absence of activity . 
  showing the `` best '' result at the bottom of the legend makes `` yellow '' look like it 's bad . 
  i think the [ other graphs are way better , especially the one on page 10 ] ( http://www.ehfa.eu.com/sites/ehfa.eu.com/files/research/eurobarometer%20on%20sports%20and%20pa.pdf ) . 
  the pie charts however are just as stupid as using a high activity/density color like red to show lack of activity . 
  no wonder that so many people could n't understand the graph by just looking at the picture . 
  without reading the title this is n't clear at all especially with the ranking on the left side looking like portugal is # 1 of being physically active . 
   simple home made french-fries pretty sure that you deep fry french fries . 
  to do that you really do not use olive oil . 
  yeah you can use olive oil but that 's not really what this debate is about . 
  that was my whole point and it still stands . 
  thing is that olive oil ( quality olive oil ) is n't a substitute for butter . 
  you do n't use olive oil in places where you 'd use butter . 
  that was my whole point . 
  i know that you can use olive oil ( refined olive oil ) but you really ca n't use extra vergine ( the one that you use on salads ) to fry stuff . 
  i mean you can but it tastes bad . 
  if the graph implied `` general olive oil or butter '' i might have misinterpreted the graph . 
  sorry for that . 
  are you using quality olive oil ? 
  because this does n't only taste weird but it 's mostly getting burned . 
  especially french fries should n't be done with extra vergine . 
  you probably used refined olive oil . 
  trust me . 
  the oil that you get at a restaurant ca n't be used for deep frying stuff . 
  i 'm sorry but you do n't fry stuff with good olive oil . 
  extra vergine olive oil starts burning at around 200 degrees and tastes like shit when it starts burning . 
  the whole point of good olive oil is its taste . 
  that 's why you put olive oil on top of salads while you use less harsh oils ( rape seed ) for frying or cooking . 
  since good olive oil is unrefined they are affected by heat and start tasting awful . 
  i thought the graph was about quality olive oil because that 's the one you usually can buy in a store . 
  you put olive oil into a pan and using it to fry stuff ? 
  because you do n't do that if you are actually serious about making food . 
  fair enough . 
  i heard there were some projects on building off-shore wind turbines north of gozo to reach the 2020 eu goals . 
  the problems with wind energy however is that it does n't work 24/7 . 
  your government would have to build a storage facility to store the excess energy . 
  i think malta could benefit from a wind-to-hydrogen facility because building a hydro-plant might be impossible . 
  hardest religion in ck2 . 
  those casus belli , man . 
  it 's pretty similar to `` lazy/hard working '' . 
  northern europe is considered to only `` live '' `` 21 days a year '' because they work all the time without any break or leasure time . 
  the south instead only works for 21 days a year while laying on the beach for the rest of the year . 
  it 's pretty much the same as # 12 though . 
  i never understood this . 
  olive oil and butter are n't even comparable . 
  nobody cooks with olive oil and nobody puts a stick of butter on his salad . 
  maybe the author meant to depict the `` new `` countries that joined the `` west '' ?!, 
  however russia as well as southern italy being part of `` new europe '' makes no sense . 
  i do n't understand the `` revolutionary '' map either . 
  why is france divided and northern italy more traditional than the south ? 
  he pays taxes to the illuminati order who also is the only religious order that elects the pope as well as the us president . 
  not really . 
  there are a ton of resources of uranium but it 's simply not economical to mine them . 
  you can only consume reserves . 
  the same happened with fracking . 
  two decades ago fracking was n't economical but due to the increasing price of oil it became eventually an option . 
  the same is going to happen with other isotopes as soon as coal and oil are driving up the price for energy . 
  the feasible reserves of uranium are indeed limited but the resources are more or less unlimited . 
  to be fair these numbers are n't really representing the possible spending on renewable energies . 
  malta has no rivers or space to build wind turbines . 
  i 'm sure if there 's a statistic about national production of non-renewable energy ressources ( mining of coal , oil ) you are last since you guys import energy iirc . 
  there is a difference between a soldier trying to recover the body of his fallen partner and a team being send into the battle from a completely safe position to recover a body while risking their lifes . 
  yes , and if they die they 'll just send down another group of people to recover even more bodies ? 
  it 's insanely stupid and objectively viewed a way to big risk to take . 
  i 'm sure those divers families would have been pissed if they died too . 
  there is no apparent reason to risk your life to recover somebody if you are 100 % sure that they are dead . 
  it 's a nice thing to do and really brave but incredibly stupid . 
  turkey is n't in the eu because greece has spoke out against every single decision about turkey joining because of the aegean conflict . 
  also the first chapters were only opened in 2005 and france vetoed the opening of some chapters until 2013 ( iirc ) . 
  in 2005 experts said that it would have taken atleast a decade to close every single chapter . 
  also your comment makes no sense - at all . 
  the west fully supported turkey and the few countries that do n't are france , germany and cyprus . 
  merkel called erdogan a great guy and a modernizer yet she opposes the accession because of ( mostly ) xenophobic reasons in her party . 
  as long as france is raising stupid demands like the acknowledgement of the armenian genocide even though this ( important ) topic has nothing to do with the 35 chapters or german cdu members claim ridiculous stuff like `` turkey is n't in europe '' ( sch\u00e4uble ) . 
  as long as german politicians claim that turkey should n't join because it 's in asia while trying to defend cyprus that for some reason joined the eu even though it 's asian turkey ca n't join . 
  from the 35 chapters that were opened in 2005 turkey is almost done with all of them . 
  the few that have n't been touched are blocked by france and cyprus . 
  erdogan has been elected three times in a row with 50 % during the last two elections . 
  are you saying that half of the turkish population are sheeps ? 
  they always could through war but let 's be honest . 
  european separatist movements do n't only lack weapons but also the intent to risk their life for something as redundant as a piece of paper telling you what nationality you are . 
  thing is that they ca n't do anything . 
  the italian constitution does n't allow breakaways . 
  the only way that veneto could get some sort of independence is by becoming one of the `` regioni a statuto speciale '' . 
  those regions have some sort of autonomy and were established because of the different culture/languages to give those people some sort of independence from rome . 
  now let 's take a look at the party who launched that referendum . 
  the lega nord is neo-fascist seperatist group which was founded to support the idea of `` padania '' , a fictional state consisting of northern italy . 
  why ? 
  because the north produces most of the gdp and for some reason those people do n't believe in a welfare state . 
  problem with padania is that thanks to the current crisis most people in lombardy ( the lega nord is especially strong in provinces like bergamo and especially strong in the alps where people do n't have access to media other than berlusconi-tv ) .
