  actually , the norwegian media have been highly ceitical to the desicions to scrap these projects , and the consensus seems to be that norway could have been more flexible ( especially in the archer project ) . 
  if you expect me to have a fatalistic attitude towards such a project , then you are wrong . 
  actually i would like the whole european continent to enter into such a cooperation . 
  that does not mean i think it will be easy . 
  or happen quickly . 
  as for the different specs : norway is a very long mountainous country with varied weather , and as such we experience problems where others do not . 
  take the hk416 that norway acquired . 
  while all the other countries have been happy with it , norway has seen problems with performance in arctic conditions . 
  so obviously we have other specifications than ( for example ) spain . 
  the terrain is also different when you compare norway and sweden , and you have to take all of that shit into account when you try to buy mobile artillery platforms . 
  yes , some acquisitions are not possible to do with another country , but we should strive to find the common items our armies can buy toghether . 
  norway wants shelf items because of cost . 
  we have a bunch of stuff built to order , which cost a lot to maintain , so i dont think that philosophy is particularly stupid . 
  cost is also the reasons why i doubt sweden would be prepared to pay for specs tailored for norway . 
  yes , but acquisitions are not part of that , but it should be . 
  norway dropped archer due to lack of progress ( i think they will buy the pzh2000 ) . 
  gripen was ( according to the air force ) sub-par compared to the f35 ( i think the thought was `` why buy previous generation , when we can buy next generation '' ) . 
  the truck deal , that was all swedens fuckup . 
  something about `` improper acquisition process '' . 
  the saab a26 was apparently too expensive for norway . 
  but this is what i am talking about , we have to start , and keep going despite hickups . 
  not everything is going to go smooth , but if we keep at it , then we will succeed eventually . 
  and a northern alliance could be glorious . 
  we are still cooperating on ammunition , radar , guidance systems , and training . 
  and norway is still buying cv90s for 650mill eur . 
  the finnish and danish was observers during field testing of the 4 contenders for artillery in norway . 
  edit : clarified slightly . 
  added saab a26 subs . 
  i doubt there would be a common idea of finland as a buffer zone . 
  but if russia is the threat , then aa batteries in finland , with airforce located in norway/sweden makes sense . 
  infantry mainly placed in finland and northern norway , with navy in norway . 
  but the main starting point in a nordic cooperation should be purchasing munitions , guns , vehicles etc. 
  pooling resources gives us a much better deals , than what we can get independently . 
  having the same equipment also means it can be used across borders . 
  the nordics ( norway-sweden ) have started this already . 
  it is considered by norway as the second most important military cooperation , after nato . 
  i have no idea if the danes , finnish , or baltics even want to join in . 
  `` strong '' leaders , are not good leaders . 
  you dont make russia better by distalizing neighbouring countries . 
  the only thing putin has done is making himself one of the richest men alive . 
  and he did that by stealing from his own people , who love him . 
  russia is a country of contradictions . 
  [ i mean , for fucks sake ] ( http://assets6.thrillist.com/v1/image/1194313/size/tl-horizontal_main_2x/a-look-inside-vladimir-putin-s-rumored-1b-secret-palace ) edit : just realized this is just a troll thread . 
  it went completely over my head . 
  all of europe should be cet for simplicity, 
  they are our brothers ... we would never do this to them !, 
  bj\u00f8rn\u00f8ya on the other hand , that is a patch of land ripe for political housing . 
  u/ziggypox are correct in what i wanted to point out . 
  additionally aprox week 20-22 of gestation is the latest time abortions can be done without a medical panel , depending on country and local laws . 
  this is due to the ethical `` set point '' of when a fetus becomes a person . 
  but in general the life of the mother carries more weight than that of the fetus . 
  so in case of complications , the idea is that if you save the mother , you also save the fetus , but it is ofcourse not a given . 
  there are so many questions which needs answers . 
  for instance the ectopic pregancies . 
  it is theoretically possible to carry an ectopic pregnancy to term ( i heard of one case only ) , but it carries an enormous risk , so is the life of the mother the priority or not ? 
  what about cancer in the mother , she must abort the fetus before chemo can be started , so who do we save ? 
  ( these are questions i dont expect you or anyone here to answer , but it should be pointed out as a fallacy in the pro-life logic ) . 
  all said , i doubt that a similar law would be passed if men were the affected ones . 
  completely disregarding medical practice is a really stupid way to go , and it is a dangerous one . 
  looking past medical indications for abortions , it is also an ethical problem that we force women to bring unwanted fetuses to term , essentialy giving these children a bad life . 
  irc the crime rate in us went down after abortion was made legal , which could possibly be explained by the lower number of unwanted children . 
  abortion should not be used as a substitue of contraceptives , but it should not be made illegal because some people think they are more pious than others . 
  instead increased sexual education , and access to contraceptives should be a priority , which in turn leads to a lower number of abortions . 
  [ not always ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anencephaly ), 
   later stages of development that is why abortion after 20th-22nd week of gestation is done only when the fetus is not compatible with life , or there is a danger to the life of the mother . 
   a rat can bite a dog and the dog not necessarily survives the various germs . 
  while a wolf bite may lead to infection , it is normally not death by sepsis , but rather violent disembowelment . 
   so hunters then need to just adjust the number of wolves . 
  but , that is exactly what this `` culling '' is about ; control . 
   if they are coming too close to human settlements naaah , one or two wolves lives around oslo , and we are largely fine with that . 
  sucks if your dog dies in an attack , but it is kind of their habitat and all . 
  but having a central european tell us what to do is pretty obnoxious . 
  it is kind of wierd that you change your parameter for what information you want when it doesnt fit your view . 
  and i dont really understand your rat analogy , but sure . 
  completely possible . 
  but increased population increase amount of encounters . 
  here you go again : https://translate.google.no/translate?sl=no&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=no&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.dagbladet.no%2f2012%2f03%2f06%2fnyheter%2finnenriks%2fulveangrep%2f20552550%2f&amp;edit-text=, 
   plenty of doctors denies doing abortions due conscience reasons . 
  sure plenty , but far , far from being a significant amount . 
  more like a curiosity than anything . 
  well , at least in western europe . 
  but since your decided to press this point i would like some numbers , so please , go ahead and prove your own claim . 
   leftist view , not universal by far . 
  nope , not leftist at all . 
  just because i call bullshit does not mean it holds any political affiliation . 
  you could tell me that it is my opinion , but not that that specific opinion holds a political message . 
  this law is archaic as hell , and it is retarded as hell . 
   just your opinion . 
  eeeeh , yes . 
  that is why i wrote `` i '' , and not `` we '' . 
  if a law forces you to stand by and watch two individuals die , when one could have been saved , then that is not `` best possible care '' . 
  that is restrictions put in place by religious zealots , on basis of ignorance , resulting in murder . 
  but sure , have your `` abortion free , religious , right wing heaven '' in poland . 
  if i had been a polish doctor , i would relocate to another country , and i hope they all do . 
  it is the only way that politicians like this may learn that those are not acceptable laws under which one could or should practice medicine . 
  next one is probably `` no health care for children !, 
  paediatricians could after all be paedophiles ! '', 
  if i was a doctor in poland , i would be so angry if this law passes that i would probably relocate to another country . 
  two reasons : 1 . 
  this law is backwards and straight up stupid .
