naah . 
  you could always cut your losses . 
   the sheer size of the market that ttip covers will ensure everyone that wants to sell in it will conform to the rules . 
  ok , i follow . 
   you might say , it is the same now , there is a catch . 
   in case companies want to produce 2 different items , one for ttip and domestic they will face overhead , while companies located in ttip zone will not . 
   this way the market will enforce our western standards all over the world . 
  if market a has stricter regulation on product x than market b. 
  and supplier of product x wants to sell the product in market a and b , would it not make sense to make the product adhere to the regulations of market a ? 
  or if the regulations are more heterogen , make the product apply to both regulations ? 
  why make 2 products that apply to different regulations/markets , instead of 1 product that apply to both ? 
  i am genuinely curious ( dont really know alot about this shit , but i feel i should ) , and the way you describe the market as is , seems illogical . 
  the size . 
  the size of the agreement is different . 
  it impacts not only the two countries in a traditional agreement , but the whole western hemisphere ( also the eastern if tpp goes through ) . 
   u.s is a modern first world country . 
  while true , us is a large country and there are regions within which may or may not fall under the `` first world '' umbrella . 
   countries that have lower standards . 
  well , in a lot of areas usa has lower standards than the eu region . 
  financial , environmetal , and pharmaceutical regulations ( disclaimer , i am not an expert on any of this shit , but i draw this statement out of my ass based on perceptions i have on the matter ) . 
  on a sidenote , in this thread i see plenty of focus on the precautionary principle vs scientific principle , but i feel people are mostly focused on the health aspects of those two ( thalidomide as an example ) , but i think a broader view of the principles should be applied to include environmental and financial aspects as well . 
  again : i am no expert in any of this shit , so i can neither back up my claims with sources or research . 
  i do however hope the `` experts '' to inform me , in small tl ; dr tidbits when ttip is released , what the fuss is about come monday . 
  here is me crossing my fingers and hoping the media and their sources will do their job in informing the population ( me ) , i anticipate dissapointment though . 
  however , the fact that free trade is `` good '' does not negate the other possibly negative effects of regullation superimposed on our region in order to allow for free trade . 
  free trade may be good , the agreement as a whole may not be . 
  i want to see what the experts say when ttip papers hits the ether tomorrow , before i form a strong opinion , but the secrecy surrounding the negotiations does not count in favor of it . 
  so what you are saying is that germany would be unwilling to fulfill their duty as of the nato treaty ? 
  if that is the case , germany should withdraw from nato . 
  personally i think germany should take a much more serious role as far as military goes . 
  you have a long and proud military tradtion , but you are hampered by excessive focus on wwii . 
  but even considering wwii , germany has shown that they are more than capable as a military power . 
  if any of the baltic states gets attacked tomorrow , i expect norway to step up to the plate and throw their weight behind the defence of those states . 
  what happened ? 
  that is actually pretty fucking funny . 
  in other words : stop using fucking hola . 
  i am just going to go ahead and put [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hbb27gq_x1i ) right here . 
  `` we can not ignore that legal firearms have been used in other tragic events where children were killed in a school or young people massacred in a holiday camp . 
  this directive is not about terrorism , but about firearms and public security . '' for fucks sake !, 
  really ? 
  you know what ? 
  i am speechless ... i want to add to this discussion , but i cant . 
  i dont know what to say . 
  this is too retarded . 
  what exactly do the politicians in eu think we go hunting with ? 
  m72 law ? 
   reverse racism this is not a real thing . 
  rlease dont make it a real thing . 
  racism is racism . 
  no i dont claim that at all . 
  state institutions make a metric shit tonne of mistakes all the time . 
  what i want everyone to consider is the statistical significant number of cases where children where taken away from parents vs the number where children where rightfully removed . 
  i havent seen any such numbers , just a bunch of anecdotes aimed at feelings . 
  in other words : i dont really trust any government agency to do anything right , but i wont take newspaper sob stories at face value untill some actual facts are presented . 
  you are seemingly glad to believe everything you are being told though . 
  but go ahead pull out the `` fascist '' card all you want , it wont convince me you are less swayed by emotions rather that critical thinking though . 
  you cant seriously point at lobotomy ? 
  yes medical history in general is filled with fucked up stuff . 
  alot , alot of things have been done in the name of science and the greater good . 
  but agian , to point at one failure unrelated to the topic at hand , and take it as proof of a systematic failure is flawed . 
  it is like pointing at this case https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/paolo_macchiarini and then proceed to say that the swedish fire department sucks . 
  and using the cccp as good guy in the context of lobotomy is a bit dangerous since a spectacular history of human rights violations are well documented , as well as the misuse of medical institution to silence dissidents . 
  those cases are not within the 20yr timeframe . 
  maybe some of the cps cases , but not the others . 
  try again ? 
  your chain of reasoning is a bit strange . 
  you seem to think that norwegian institutions have never made a mistake , but when those institutions have admitted fault and are paying reparations for said faults , you hold them up and yell `` see !, 
  they are satans representatives on earth !! '' . 
  is it not preferrable that an institution correct the mistakes done in the past , as well as attempt to make right the wrong , by paying reparations to those wronged ? 
  everyone in this comment thread is pointing at cases regarding forigners in norway , but you conveniantly forget , or choose to ignore why the cps are so active when there are suspicions . 
  https://no.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/christoffer-saken i will never forget what happened to christoffer , and neither should you , especially in this context . 
  if mistakes are made , then yes they should be corrected , but no the cps should never take a passive role in protection of children . 
  in addition it should also be pointed out that the actual reasons for the removal of the child from their family could be misrepresented in order to score karma points . 
  it is not unthinkable that a parent that looses custody for their child due to severe beating , tell the media `` it was because i told my child to study '' . 
  but we will not hear the real reason because cps cant tell the media why the child was removed . 
  to hold one case where a mistake was made as evidence of wrongdoing on a systematic level is outright flawed . 
  never said i did . 
  i said he should be taken away from his parents . 
  they should put that kid in fostercare purely on the basis of parents failing to provide a suitable home and upbringing . 
  condoning murder perpetrated by your own child is failed parenting . 
  he is in sweden now , not syria . 
  parenting is supposed to prepare the child for the world . 
  adjusting to new cultures and norms are part of that . 
  this is a case of failure to adjust , and the outcome is murder due to `` lost honour '' . 
  yes , but that does not mean a criminal act done by a minor has no consequences . 
  child protective services are called in real quick . 
  besides , i thought parents were held to some extent of responsability if the child conduct criminal offences ? 
  `` under criminal punishable age '' is not a green card to do what you want . 
  my immediate reaction to this is : if he is old enough to kill a person in sweden , then he is old enough to go back to syria and kill there . 
  my second reaction is : he should be taken away from his parents , especially considering his father states that his son had to uphold his honour by killing another . 
  that shit is some seriously failed parenting . 
  i believe u/pansarswe intended meaning was to say he/she would stop said rape from being comitted . 
  pfff . 
  [ polish mobile artillery much better ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1z3tbb9cbcs ), 
  you dropped this : ? 
  oh come on !, 
  seriously ? 
  if things go shit the first time you try something new , do you just give up , or do you try again ? 
  this whole thread is about how dificult it is to get armies to cooperate . 
  norway and sweden is giving this a go , and while i see the issues and differences ( just like the norwegian media does ) i urge the program to continue because the gains can be big .
