  i would not be able to provide the `` best possible care '' for my patients while still remaining lawful . 
  wait ... are you telling me ... you are a self-loathing `` rural pleb '' ? 
  your oppinion on this matter is hilarious , especially when your tag says west-berlin . 
  what about pigs ? 
  they are pretty smart . 
  we kill them as well , dont we ? 
  here you go : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1zcnh_on2q, 
  norway has mainly oil as the economic engine , something we have become painfully aware of the last two years due to falling oil prices . 
  the main opposition to eu came from senterpartiet ( basically a farmers party ) and was backed by the population in our referendi ( ? ) . 
  a protectionist stance in regards to farming and fishing is very much at the center of this , because feeling is that norwegian sovereignty extends to natural resources . 
  as for overfishing , there seems to be shit on both sides of the table . 
  but overfishing in the [ mediterranean ] ( http://eu.oceana.org/en/press-center/press-releases/european-commission-confirms-91-mediterranean-stocks-are-overfished ) is a concern , which frankly does not seem to be taken [ seriously by the eu ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2016/mar/10/leaked-european-commission-plan-would-open-gates-to-overfishing ) . 
  the conflicts betwene eu and norway on this matter has purely been political , not ideological . 
   norway is about 10th country in the world in terms of capture , which is not insignificant and harmless . 
  it 's also in close proximity to other european countries which makes their practice of overfishing far more detrimential for the rest of eu . 
  while assumptions are the mother of all fuckups , i am going to assume you are referring to fishing in general , and not whaling . 
  [ this ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?hl=no&amp;sl=no&amp;tl=en&amp;u=https%3a%2f%2fwww.nrk.no%2fnordland%2f--norge-verst-pa-overfiske-1.363938 ) article from 2006 talks about the eu bashing norway in regards to overfishing , while the norwegian marine research institute does not seem to agree with that . 
  personally i would like to see an even more stricter regulation of fishing in norwegian waters , with much smaller quotas . 
  while i am admittedly pretty ignorant as to actual research on the topic of overfishing in the north atlantic , and as such dont seem to be completely right , i am not completely wrong either . 
  if norway overfish , then so does the rest of the world , and althought that does not make it right , it is unreasonable to use the term `` overfishing '' in an attempt to single out norway . 
   you should lead by example . 
  as for that one ... i feel that while we attempt to do so , nobody seems to follow . 
  if nobody follows our examples , then who are we supposed to be leading ? 
  norway is a small nation wich only makes headlines when whaling comes up , or when there is a ranking . 
  and while many norwegians strokes their ego with an exellent ranking , the truth is that in the global perspective , nobody gives two shits about norway . 
   you literally answered your own question . 
  so we agree that the term `` overfishing '' does not pertain to how norway manages its national resources . 
   do you really want to compare your country to china just to look better ? 
  you top the rankings in almost everything , you should also lead the world by example in protecting the environment . 
  and i think we are . 
  resources should always be harvested in a sustainable way , and in regards to fishing or whaling , norway does just that . 
  my point is that norway and faroe islands takes flack on this topic solely because some organisations/people think whaling ( regardless of sustainability ) should be banned , and because norway and faroe islands are small `` harmless '' countries . 
  what should be worrying for people is overfishing by larger countries purely due to industrial scale . 
  whether they are `` developed '' enough or not , does not matter . 
  it is the total harvest which matters ( therefore usa , eu and china are relevant ) . 
  but similar outcry is not heard directed at those which overextend fishing , or at least not that i have noticed . 
  while i understand your sentiment , utilizing the resources that surround us in a responsible and sustainable matter should be a goal for more of us . 
  the western world majority eat meat on a daily basis , but have no insight into where the meat comes from , and as a result they do not have the expected gratitude for the lives behind that resource ( pork , chicken , cattle etc. ) . 
  i dont think that the political goal of vegans ( getting everyone to eat only plant based food ) is obtainable . 
  therefore i believe in a resonable discussion when it comes to harvesting what surrounds us . 
  whale meat is eaten in norway , but not generally to the extent you would see if whaling was an extremely large industry ( in some areas whale meat is consumed more often than others ) . 
  it is your perogative to not consume meat from sources outside of conventional livestock , as it is my perogative to consume meat from those sources that you avoid as long as i obtain that in a responsible , sustainable way , and as humanely as possible . 
  in regards to whaling , i honestly think that by using a granade harpoon , death comes as quickly as possible to those whales which are killed . 
  the goal of whaling is not to prolong suffering of another living creature . 
  if killing of whales can be improved to become more humane , i am all ears , but it will never be a `` bolt gun '' to the head . 
  the harvesting of natural resources in norway will continue ( hopefully in an even more responsible way than today ) . 
  hopefully it will evolve . 
  but to only obtain meat from livestock is not only desensitizing people from the lives behind what they consume , but in my eyes , keeping and consuming solely livestock is more inhumane than to diversify our harvest . 
  so while i understand you , i do not share your views on this matter . 
   killing animals for food ( which for whales i doubt is even really a thing ) is perfectly fine what else would you use whale for , if not for food ? 
  lamp oil is pretty archaic . 
   overfishing where do you get that from ? 
  quotas in norway is pretty well regulated on basis of sustainability . 
  i mean , fishing rights is still one of the main reasons norway refuse to join eu . 
   hunting whales there are different types of whales , not all are endangered . 
  if you are really worried about sustainable animal population , then the global decline in tuna is worrisome . 
  same with overfishing by china , as well as the mediterranean states . 
  whaling in norway , or the grind in faroe islands is only of emotional significance , and is somehow more criticised than what larger countries are doing . 
  while i agree that the presence of wolves in norway should lead to adaptation amongst sheep farmers , the culling of wolves in norway is hardly an environmental catastrophy . 
  [ north sea , english canal ] ( https://www.google.no/maps/place/belgia/@51.9440176,0.3771959,6z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x47c17d64edf39797:0x47ebf2b439e60ff2!8m2!3d50.503887!4d4.469936 ) happy now ? 
   let me finish reading your expert opinion on european matters . 
  never said it was an `` expert opinion '' . 
  it is my opinion , and i am no expert . 
  yeah , i realized that , so i ninja-edited that part out . 
  we have no beef . 
  carry on . 
  after reading a bunch of comments , one thing seems to stand out to me : you all seem to thing the transition would be rapid . 
  eu needs to admit , that the goal is a confederacy or a federation . 
  and with that comes a unified foreign policy . 
  the establishment of an eu army , would logically happen in increments . 
  if i were to decide , then establishment of eu armed forces command would happen first . 
  select officers from all countries work together under one roof , in english . 
  this is to remove the concepts of `` country '' , as well as to improve the skills by learning from eachother . 
  english remains defacto military language to improve communication with nato . 
  then you transfer troops from every country , from the respective national commands to eu command , gradually . 
  you start with small professional units , and gradually work your way up in size . 
  by the time you reach full force , a well established eu command and armed forces is in effect , where it wont matter if it is a spanish general which command french soldiers . 
  it will be a european general commanding european soldiers . 
  maybe you are a belgian , that is sitting comfortably at the shores of the atlantic , thinking `` why should i defend estonia ? '' . 
  i am sorry to burst the bubble , but you might have to serve in eastern europe ( if russia is main concern ) . 
  while belgium may fall last of the european states , it will fall , unless protection of all of europe is a priority . 
  the us is clearly tired of paying for a defense of europe . 
  if a unification of armed forces remains undone , then why work towards a unified europe in the first place . 
  the eu member states as of now seems to be half way in . 
  if the member states only wanted to do trade , then why join eu in the first place ? 
  why not stick with trade agreements ? 
  and this is comming from someone who is opposed to his nation joining the eu : get your shit together !, 
  it is time to realize what you signed up for and do your part . 
  your reply is strange , since the hungarian to which you replied never said anything about a preferred language . 
  just that command structure above footsoildier would be language based . 
  you also totally miss the fact that english is the predominant military language of nato . 
  if eu is going to have one army , english would be the obvious choice . 
  [ otter nonsense ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-xjs0e5cqxq4/uxpggqorzfi/aaaaaaaaaak/3hwjdpg0iqo/w1200-h630-p-nu/otter_nonsense_by_emily_fox.jpg ), 
  `` sorry for being awesome neighbour '' - norway, 
  is that `` mayo-rity '' , or `` mayor-ity '' ? 
  well . 
  i simply can not believe that without you sourcing an actual paragraph . 
  are you actually saying that if i want to take a photo of a street in ( lets say ) hamburg , i have to obtain a consent from every single person on that street ? 
  that sounds utterly retarded . 
  so you dont know ... you speculate .
