  it 's a schengen security measure put place after the paris terrorist attacks . 
  everyone entering the schengen zone , including eu citizens , has go trough checks . 
  before , this was n't the case . 
  here in slovenia we already experienced this during the easter holidays , when it caused massive delays on the croatian border . 
  brits are only experiencing it now , and , as usual , are blaming brussels for it . 
  prepare for some food price rises , brits . 
  imported food will be costlier because of tariffs , while domestic food will be costlier because you wo n't be able to employ that cheap ee labor . 
  iran 's nuclear deal is one thing , all those things you listed are another . 
  i think it 's important to deal with one problem at a time . 
  the nuclear deal is working and there 's no need to sabotage it after all the hard work that 's been put into it . 
  with nuclear question out the way , we can now focus on the other problems with iran . 
   though i would like to go to a bar in bar . . and then cross into bari . 
  the gap between the average and the minimum is very small here , probably the smallest in the eu . 
  yes , that 's the right thing to do when you have people in real danger . 
  however , in this case , they usually just jump from the smuggler 's boat to the ngo 's boat , and that 's about it . 
  and besides , how do you tell when a person 's in danger ? 
  is it because they 're yelling for help ? 
  is it because they 're swimming outside their boat ? 
  you can easly fake both those things to make someone pick you up . 
  they 're playing victims in the shallows of libya , while somewhere else there might be people in real need for help . 
  and that 's what makes me angry ; the careless abuse of the sea rescue protocols . 
   same thing here : libya is unsafe , tunisia and malta refuse these boats . 
  because they 're smart enough not to participate in this corrupt smuggling scheme . 
  once italy does the same , it all stops . 
  people will stop putting themselves in danger , because they 'll know there wo n't be any ngo ships waiting for them a few miles of the coast . 
  and if libya was so unsafe , they would n't have come there in the first place . 
  it 's clearly safe enough for them . 
  sure , but we do n't need to reward those stupid decisions with a free ferry ride to europe . 
  you would n't give a drunk driver a $ 1000 as a reward , would you ? 
  and besides , the only reason they put themselves in danger is because they know they 'll be rescued . 
  like i said , they 're abusing the system . 
  these people are abusing the sea rescue rules to illegally bring themselves into europe . 
  they rarely find themselves in any real danger , and if they do , it 's because of their own stupid decisions . 
  people tend to fall asleep on such air matreses and end up halfway towards italy . 
  damn , i did n't expect us to be that high , considering how negative we tend to be about everything . 
  such a nice fellow nato ally we have here . 
  i 'm aware of the kobarid collapse , but i did n't know they stopped at monte grappa . 
  what ? 
  ah , that 's a bit further away in italy , but part of the same front . 
  the scenes of battlefield 1 took place not far from here actually . 
   but dunaj is the river . 
  no , we call the river `` donava '' , but the name of the city obviously originates from it . 
  in the adriatic , rain comes in the form of short and violent storms , but otherwise it stays sunny throughout the summer . 
  it seems like the czech guy was simply unlucky . 
  and besides , those storms are usually more of a blessing than a curse . 
  they cool the air down and prevent drought . 
  russia : nikola heh , nice word play . 
   it was mistaken for ludwigshafen am rhein , a german town 284 kilometers away . 
  i know navigation of the time was n't exactly reliable , but misjudging your location by 284 kilometers is quite impressive . 
  this graph is n't just about birth rates , but also about immigration . 
  romania , for instance , has a higher birth rate than italy . 
  that 's a tram , not a metro . 
  trams are n't show on the european map either . 
  is that a bad thing ? 
  good infrastructure is necessary for development of a country , but so is good access to medicine . 
  if people spend most of their time fighting trivial diseases and hunger , than they will never be able to develop their country . 
   his charity is causing overpopulation of africa . 
  i think it 's the other way around . 
  his charity is developing africa and developed societies tend to have lower birthrates . 
  the problem with africa is the mentality of having as many children as possible , so at least one of them will take care of you as you grow old . 
  both europe and asia used to have the same mentality , but it went away as they developed . 
  meh , the slovenes were the largest ethnic group in the villages surrounding trieste and in that sense the current border is quite fair . 
  tajani 's defense was kinda silly . 
  yes , the parliament controls the commission , but this is n't about the parliament as an institution , but about individual disrespectful meps . 
  i know , right ? 
  when i see signs like [ these ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/af/suedtirol_ist_nicht_italien_-_brennero.jpg ) , i ask myself if i 'm in western europe or in kosovo . 
  i feel like belgrade would be a great setting for a dystopian cyberpunk movie . 
  possibly with a face-off with the final boss on top of that tower . 
  yes , it was some local politicians , alberto siega to be specific . 
  i do n't have an english source though . 
  overall , it does n't matter . 
  the dialect is dying out because young people have no future there . 
  political machinations wo n't change that . 
   idk . 
  in italy we always say slovene , i have n't really heard call it any other way . 
  there 's a [ tiny minority in resia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/resian_dialect ) that speaks a very distinct dialect of slovene . 
  there were attempts to turn it into its own thing and separate it from slovene . 
   what is a different language and what a dialect is is often a political question . 
  that 's why i 'm asking . 
  it 's probably more politically acceptable for the french to call it alsatian instead of german . 
  i 've seen similar attempts with slovenian minority in neighboring countries . 
  how different is alsatian from german ? 
  can it really be regarded as a separate language ? 
   wow , will they leave the world ~ ~ bank ~ ~ too ? 
  this is the better question . 
  they should be able to get one ... in jail . 
  i suggest you check out the recording of that conversation . 
  it was more like a briefing than a bribe . 
  the bribe part was made up by the croatian media . 
  the judge was slovenian and probably had some allegiance towards the slovenian side , it was n't about money . 
  it 's highly likely that croats talked to their judge as well . 
  and before that it was austrian , and before that venetian , and before that ... what 's your point again ? 
  why buy something that should be ours to begin with ? 
  this has nothing to do with italians . 
  that border has been well defined since the '50s . 
  just fyi , the croatian judge lived in the same building as the croatian embassy in the hague . 
  it 's hard to believe they never talked to each other either . 
  based on the fact that it always had it . 
  yeah , i think someone else did it for the croatian government . 
  that still makes them liable though .
