  it 's like hiring a hitman to kill someone . 
  both you and the hitman will be guilty of a murder . 
  the media started saying this around the time when putin visited slovenia . 
  i think it 's bs though . 
  you 're right , there is no evidence . 
  but no one other than croatia had something to gain from it , so it 's hard to believe that it would n't be them . 
  yeah , it was probably burkina faso . 
  i 'm pretty sure spying on a judge is also an illegal activity . 
  it seems a bit too convenient to be true . 
  i doubt they ever hid their own services by accident . 
  an accident ? 
  do your really think google would accidentally hide their competitors search results ? 
  in russia , about 1/10th of a stadium . 
  thanks , 
   have you been to ireland ? 
  i have not , but i 'm imagining it as a series of green hilly meadows , not giant mesas . 
  i 'm probably ignorant about it , sorry : / as for slovenia , if you 'll be near bled , like everyone , i suggest you check out the nearby [ blejski vintgar gorge ] ( http://www.vintgar.si/?lang=en ) . 
  the postojna cave and the \u0160kocjan caves are also a must see imo . 
  this reminded me of a british film about villagers who ferried dirt to the top of a nearby mountain , because the geologists classified it as a hill instead of a mountain . 
  can anyone help me with a name ? 
  i would never place it to ireland . 
  it looks more like something from the american west . 
  op , you should add a description or the mod will come knocking to this thread . 
   except that bit when you blocked our ascension to eu for it , i 'm still kinda salty about that , not cool !, 
  that 's just how the eu works . 
  we also got demands from italy & austria before we joined . 
  the border issue did n't move anywhere for years and that was a good opportunity to get it moving . 
   also i sometimes fancy i can feel an air of smugness coming down from triglav . 
  i 'd lie if i 'd say it was n't true . 
  there 's a line of smugness running from north to south . 
  croats are smug towards serbs , slovenians towards croats , austrians towards slovenians ...  you come to our coast my parents wo n't go anywhere else . 
  i 'm trying to convince them that there are other countries on this planet , but they do n't listen . 
  i do n't know what you did to them . 
  i wish our relations were n't so stained by the border issues . 
  we 're basically twins , we 're supposed to work together . 
  is the uk planning to leave the customs union as well ? 
  that would make them less integrated than ... turkey . 
  you 're right , but the gdp difference is only 2x , not 4x . 
  if the title did n't say it was czech republic , i would have still guessed it . 
  it just seem like a very czech thing to do . 
  sorry , it 's done . 
  is the highest mountain in the julian alps and in slovenia . 
  it 's name can be translated as `` three heads '' and refers to its three peaked mountain top . 
  it was probably named after the slavic mythological creature with the same name . 
  the mountain is an important national symbol of slovenia and is represented on the coat of arms of both independent slovenia and its socialist predecessor . 
  the mountain is now a central attraction of the triglav national park and a very popular hiking destination . 
  a small plateau bellow the top hosts the kredarica mountain hut , the highest of its kind in slovenia . 
  the picture shows the infamous northern wall , but the mountain is n't as steep elsewhere and can be hiked without any climbing gear . 
  i think you should stick to boasting about bike paths . 
  that would mean that spain and slovakia would have to leave the eu because they have n't recognized kosovo either . 
  also , no wi-fi at the post offices . 
  i assume this ranking is only about the reliability of mail delivery , which is n't that bad actually . 
  sadly , i doubt this will happen . 
  at the end of the day , eu parliament proposals do n't really mean much . 
  remember , they also proposed to end the visa-free privileges for the us citizens , and that never happened . 
  this . 
  google 's monopoly is n't going away anytime soon . 
  what we need is good regulation that will prevent exploits . 
  i can only thank him for what he 's done for germany , slovenia and europe . 
  how are we more integrated than some of the founding members ? 
  yes , sure , but that 's still a far cry from being a part of the actual soviet union . 
  also , most of yugoslavia was liberated by the yugoslavs themselves . 
  i can see why they would n't like a country that they invested in turn towards nato , but this is montenegro 's decision , not russia 's . 
  edit : also , a military alliance does n't have much to do with tourism . 
  russians will still be able to enjoy montenegro , just like before . 
  i 'm pretty sure they get much more investments from the eu as a whole . 
  true . 
  i guess there 's no perfect way of doing this . 
  a 40 year old appliance is never going to be able to compare to a modern one , so there 's no point in using the same scale for them . 
  and besides , these scales are mostly used to compare different brands/models when buying a new appliance . 
  unlike the baltics , yugoslavia was never a part of the soviet sphere of influence . 
  this makes their hysterical recreations even more surprising . 
  they act like someone is taking what is theirs , but it never was . 
  they could just raise the bar by turning old a 's into b 's and so on . 
  i lost my trust in these when our family bought an a class washing machine . 
  the machine saved power by taking forever to wash . 
  they simply spread the workload over a longer period of time to make the kw/h consumption look low . 
  they 're both theocratic shitholes , but at least iran has something that slightly resembles a democracy and is n't funding radical mosques in europe . 
  what plane is that ? 
  it 's an agreement between nato states . 
  other countries have noting to do with those rules . 
   chapter 7 of the un charter , that prohibits aggression against any country . 
  good luck with that . 
  unlike the us adventures in iraq , serbia was bombed with the approval of the un security council , including russia . 
   nato has violated articles 5 and 6 of its own statute , because it is a defensive , not an offensive alliance . 
  so basically nato broke its own rule ? 
  nato rules are just an agreement between member states . 
  if those member states agree to bypass them , they surely can . 
  two young girls from iraq just disappeared on their way from school in slovenia . 
  it is assumed that their relatives in germany organized a transport from slovenia to germany . 
  overall , only 20 out of 200 refugee children have stayed in slovenia . 
  i 'm sorry , but this distribution system simply is n't going to work in central-eastern europe . 
  they do n't want to be here and we ca n't force them to stay . 
  and to be perfectly honest , we do n't want them here either . 
  trump does n't like the eu , but ironically he 's uniting europe with his anti-eu rhetoric . 
  i do n't see how reducing segregation or closing down radical mosques is violating anyone 's rights . 
  laws are n't some holy text set in stone , they can change you know . 
  and the current situation clearly calls for a change . 
   you ca n't really ban an ideology . 
  [ related \u017di\u017eek ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcu7nraubl8 ),
