  eu is much more popular than nato in most european countries . 
  in my country the referendum results were 90 % in favor of eu , and only 60 % in favor of nato . 
  what does this have to do with the op ? 
  also , standard of living = / = quality of life . 
  the balkans should pray to god that the eu does n't fall apart . 
  colombia has the largest army in south america , because of all the internal conflicts in that country . 
  they recently signed a peace agreement with farc though , so i imagine things are improving . 
  a frenchman wo n't hire a polish driver if he has to pay him western wages . 
  i agree that something should be done about abusive work practices , but equalizing wages wo n't achieve this . 
   but you attracted a shit tons of ours they did , but profits from these companies go to their western owners and they pay their corporate taxes in the west . 
  i agree . 
  this goes completely against the eu 's common market . 
  should we introduce a special tax on german cars because our ( nonexistent ) car manufacturers ca n't possibly compete with them ? 
  of course not . 
  nah , it 's q1 2017 compared to q1 2016 , so one year period . 
  the thing with ljubljana is that it has an above average amount of commuter towns . 
  few people who work in ljubljana actually live there . 
  that 's the widest thing ever . 
  a tiny desert surrounded by dense forests in a country you would n't expect . 
  nothing is above law in a constitutional democracy . 
  the only places where religion is above ( or equal to ) law are theocracies like iran and saudi arabia . 
  there are muslim countries that practice stoning to this day . 
  are our laws * discriminating * people who want stoning ? 
  yes , they are , and thank god for that . 
  freedom of religion is mostly about being free to choose your religion , but religious people still have to obey the law like any other citizen . 
  if muslims feel like certain country 's laws restrict their religious expression , they should n't have come to that country in the first place . 
  it also includes some non-eu countries though . 
   originally for sokol interesting , i did n't know that was a czech invention . 
  we had it too , and apparently we adopted from the czechs . 
  a weird mix of nationalism and gymnastics from the 1930 's . 
  how appropriate that the 10th battle of the isonso started exactly on this day 100 years ago . 
  i think slovenia has a mini rotterdam effect going because of the koper port . 
  other than that , we 've always been a very export focused economy . 
  prussian king frederick the great said about her : * `` the habsburgs finally have a real man on the throne , and its a woman . 
  maria theresa , by the grace of god , dowager empress of the romans , queen of hungary , of bohemia , of dalmatia , of croatia , of slavonia , of galicia , of lodomeria , etc. 
  ; archduchess of austria ; duchess of burgundy , of styria , of carinthia and of carniola ; grand princess of transylvania ; margravine of moravia ; duchess of brabant , of limburg , of luxemburg , of guelders , of w\u00fcrttemberg , of upper and lower silesia , of milan , of mantua , of parma , of piacenza , of guastalla , of auschwitz and of zator ; princess of swabia ; princely countess of habsburg , of flanders , of tyrol , of hainault , of kyburg , of gorizia and of gradisca ; margravine of burgau , of upper and lower lusatia ; countess of namur ; lady of the wendish mark and of mechlin ; dowager duchess of lorraine and bar , dowager grand duchess of tuscany, 
   my government straight up praises immigration from former yugoslavia . 
  i 'm going to have to ask for the source of this information . 
   mainland european germany attached denmark you should make that the official name of the country . 
  just wait for that trickle down wealth to reach you any day now , 
  yeah , i was mad at that purple mattress lawsuit that was on front page yesterday , but than i realized such lawsuit could probably never happen here . 
   ... if no other country in the world must do so currently . 
  iceland , norway and switzerland do so currently . 
  yes , but that goes against of what brexit was all about : stopping immigration . 
  i doubt it 'll happen . 
  i do n't know . 
  i 'm not even sure if these kind of snow-clearing machines existed before gps was introduced . 
  i assume they just did n't clear the road until summer . 
  yes , but those poles are n't very helpful in so much snow . 
  they 're probably using gps as suggested above . 
  no slovenia this year :(, 
  yes , and good luck selling your dirt cheap property thanks to your neighbors . 
  would you like your neighbor to open a loud discotheque or a smelly factory ? 
  after all , he 's just doing what he wants with his property , right ? 
  what this means is that the city will slowly become an uninhabited amusement park . 
  venice is already a good example of this . 
  it is up to the citizens to prevent his from happening with their votes . 
  to be honest , europeans speak english because of america , not because of the uk . 
  maybe eu institutions will reduce their usage of english , but people and businesses wo n't . 
  the title omitted an important part : `` english is losing importance ** in europe ** '' . 
  he 's acting as if the eu is joining turkey and not the other way around . 
  yes , but what do american soldiers have to do with it ? 
  it 's still pretty big here . 
  we celebrate it with two days off . 
  the holiday started in america . 
  what has stalin to do with it ? 
  dude , it 's they guy 's father we 're talking about . 
  you do n't forget that your whole life , no matter how long ago it was . 
  the meeting was over in just 15 minutes . 
  eu probably never showed so much unity on any issue ever . 
  how come estonia relies so much on oil for power ? 
  it 's the only country that uses is it according to the map . 
  it 's an inequality index , noting more . 
  you can combine it with gdp per capita to get a better picture , in which case norway wins ( again ) . 
  and i do n't think it 's a political position . 
  a rich country where most of the wealth is held by a handful of individuals is a shithole . 
  inequality is objectively a bad thing . 
  even a neoliberal organization such as the imf admitted that . 
  it 's ~ ~ 12x10x9 ~ ~ 18x12x5 . 
  it 's probably just a maximum amount you can fit on an eur pallet . 
  trust me , i have no remorse for them . 
  the fascists turned my city into a giant concentration camp during the war . 
  it 's just that , personally , i would be satisfied with just killing them . 
  playing with them like that feels unnecessary , no matter what they did . 
  like it or not , but emotions always run high in the time of war . 
  here 's the person who caused great suffering for you and your loved ones for the past few years , and you finally have the chance to deal with him . 
  it would take an extreme level of restraint not to deal with him right there and then . 
  and besides , we 're talking about the leader of fascist italy here . 
  his crimes were well known and documented . 
  even today , he 'd loose any trail he 'd be put on . 
  and the capital punishment in the time of war was normal , and still is in many countries . 
  the only thing that 's a bit gruesome is the public display of corpses , but people had different sensitivities back then . 
  yes , exports are unsurprisingly boosted by the weak pound . 
  that does n't say anything about the wages though . 
  raising wages is hard when sales are falling due to poor consumer confidence . 
  never heard of picasso ? 
   the czech language is n't as difficult as many czechs claim . 
  i think the grammatical cases are main reason why slavic languages are so difficult for germanic/romance speakers . 
  the second reason would be a somewhat different vocabulary , which does n't borrow nearly as much from latin as english does , for example . 
  you , as a german , have a slight advantage , since you 're already familiar with ( slightly simpler ) cases .
