  maybe , but i think the us was smarter than that when it came to yugoslavia . 
  you used yugoslavia as an example to the other communist states that it was possible free themselves from the shackles of the soviet chains . 
  the us started to doubt this strategy once khrushchev restored soviet relations with yugoslavia , and ( afaik ) reagan eventually ceased aid to yugoslavia . 
   also , pretty sure the american foreign policy apparatus would have attacked yugolslavia , if they were to engage the ussr in a direct conflict i 'm not sure i understand . 
  why would they do that ? 
   it 's more that america and nato considered yugoslavia to be a part of the eastern bloc than anything even when yugoslavia received a ton of us military aid when the soviet invasion was seen as inevitable ? 
  and even when yugoslavia joined this [ quasi-nato ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balkan_pact_ ( 1953 ) ) ? 
  the areas that once held the wire were turned into [ trails ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trail_of_remembrance_and_comradeship ) for walkers and runners . 
  i think that line was supposed to connect albanian to the entire slavic cluster , not just slovenian . 
  that 's the only way i can explain it . 
  switzerland confirmed as the most sensible german speaking country . 
  not to mention that the croatian capital city is zagreb . 
  also , serbo-croatian does n't use w and y , right ? 
  i think those should be in the bracket . 
  i agree . 
  it 's double standards otherwise . 
  however , i was appalled when italians covered their ancient statues to avoid hurting iranian 's president 's feelings . 
  it 's our art in our country , why should we have to hide it ? 
  a pediatric doctor in slovenia recently started denying patients who do n't vaccinate . 
  she asked : `` why do n't you trust my opinion when it comes to vaccination , but trust me about everything else ? '' . 
  some parents called her hitler . 
  it 's a truly worrying trend . 
  i hope we do something like australia and deny them benefits . 
  trump 's made up story about a terrorist attack was retarded , but swedes also seem to live in denial about their situation . 
  this development makes all those swedish twitter responses look silly . 
  as always , the truth is somewhere in between . 
  we 're a nation of schizophrenics . 
  it 's the same in croatian ... 
  our language does not differentiate between `` town '' and `` city '' . 
  that 's the czech nove mesto ... 
  yes , maribor was a strange place in 1918 , i 'm not going to deny it . 
  if we go far into history , we can see that the peasantry in both southern austria and slovenia was mostly slovene , while people in cities were mostly german . 
  it worked pretty well until the appearance of nationalism . 
   our countries history is one and both sides should finally accept that !, 
  i very much agee , but i 'm just not sure if this latest development is a step in the right direction . 
   ah , right , everybody got expelled ... ... by hitler . 
  nazis moved the germans from the italian occupation zone to the german one . 
  but of course they first had to expel the slovenes living there to make space . 
  all nato members said that they would be spending 2 percent . 
  it 's what they agreed to do at nato meetings . 
  actually doing it is another thing though . 
  the cyprus situation is a little more complicated than that though . 
  both greece and turkey were guaranteeing safety of the island according to some treaty . 
  when turkey sent a bunch of troops there it was technically acting within international law . 
  the table shows each country 's generation capacity , so it 's correct . 
  all the power is generated in slovenia , but not all of it is owned by slovenia . 
  the table would be a mess if you 'd include ownership . 
  power plants can be owned by all sorts of private companies from different countries . 
  how would poles react to a false thread about the `` polish death camps '' ? 
  butthurt probably . 
   why would it even be bad for farmers ? 
  because of [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5s9ai1/british_farmers_overwhelmingly_backed_brexit_now/ ) . 
  how did that old draw bridge work ? 
  did they close the motorway whenever a boat came by ? 
  just what balkans needed : more instability . 
  eh , not really . 
  not even the most nationalist politicians want to . 
  we 're more focused at the border dispute with croatia at the moment . 
  kinda . 
  there was definitely disappointment when the city was ceded to italy instead of yugoslavia after ww2 . 
  historically it was always a very multicultural city , so it 's hard to say who really deserves it . 
  slovenes were mostly rural folk who lived in the surrounding villages , so you could say that the current border is pretty fair in that regard . 
  gorica/gorizia on the other hand , was predominantly ethnic slovenian . 
  losing that town produced so much salt that we used it to build nova gorica . 
  russians are merely defending themselves from a zionist nazi junta in kiev . 
  remember the ttip ? 
  it 's seems like an unrelated matter , but it 's not . 
  the us has traditionally been able to get what it wants because it mostly negotiated with smaller economies . 
  the eu is n't a smaller economy . 
  it was able to turn down that us-favored agreement without too much trouble . 
  that 's is just one example . 
  everyone ( russia , china , usa , etc. ), 
  would prefer to negotiate with the individual european countries instead of the eu . 
  about equally as popular as abroad i would say . 
  i like how kazakhstan uses the same color as their ( also very unique ) flag . 
  it 's concerning how the rise of populism had to happen before any politician cared to tackle this problem . 
  * `` we 're doing this to stop the populists , not because we actually think it 's a problem '' *, 
  the eu 's system is also a problem . 
  national governments are expected both direct the eu and take orders from it at the same time . 
  nothing will change unless a clear hierarchy is established and more power is given to the eu parliament . 
  slovenia is so small that you ca n't even fit a portrait on it . 
  yet another slovenia joke for croatian jokesters . 
  yeah , it 's also common to see churches on top of hills . 
  i always wondered what the point of that was . 
  to make them as inaccessible as possible ? 
  shuttle would n't be of any use anyway . 
  these satellites are in geostationary orbit , well over shuttle 's range . 
  you must be confusing council of europe with european council . 
  council of europe is n't an eu institution and probably ca n't fine anyone . 
  in fact , i do n't even know what the point of it is . 
  it seems even more useless than the un . 
   the russians are sensing the same shift in geopolitical order as everyone else . 
  i would n't be surprised if serbia hired some `` hybrid warfare '' experts from russia . 
  that train thing seemed too ridiculous even for serbia . 
  nah , automatics are far from the main reason . 
  apart from ford , american cars are just generally not adapted to european consumers . 
  they often have large fuel consumption , poor build quality , poor use of modern technologies , and have the looks that just do n't appeal to us . 
  and besides , even americans do n't buy american cars . 
  toyota and nissan are top sellers there . 
  maybe trump should go bark at the japanese instead .
