any way , leader of ps was born in serbia . 
  an irrelevant fact . 
  their leader is no longer positive . 
  he 's been involved in a corruption scandal . 
  so somebody actually went to the voting station with the intention of drawing this on his ballot , taking a picture of it , and then posting it on reddit ? 
  pretty fucking stupid imo . 
  that 's true , however i would prefer if these wipeouts would happen at the party level . 
  by that i mean that parties should be more flexible about changing their leadership once it 's obvious that they fucked up . 
  instead we got a myriad of parties which often do n't survive more than two elections . 
  i do n't understand why building a fence against another schengen member is necessary . 
  so far , immigrants have been coming from hungary to slovenia , not the other way around . 
  unless they 're trying to help us protect our borders , in which case : thank you , 
  childish ... 
  good point . 
  also , yugoslavia and the soviet union . 
  somehow they all ceased to exist though . 
  central europeans can freely travel to western europe and experience this western diversity . 
  if it was so great i 'm sure we 'd also want it in our own countries , but for some reason we do n't . 
  enough internet for today . 
  a croatian had to go through all that just to go to slovenia ? 
  i 'd expert us to treat you better than that . 
  i hope things got better now that you 're in the eu . 
  you should be thinking about that before you let them in your country . 
  pretty much . 
  more countries , more vetoes . 
  yeah , nice game . 
  congrats to lithuania . 
  you 'll have my support in the final game . 
  this is n't communism anymore . 
  private sector salaries have nothing to do with public sector debt . 
  quota system only applies to persons who got granted asylum . 
  nobody has asked for asylum in slovenia so far . 
  austria has reintroduced border controls on its border with hungary and slovenia . 
  they probably did n't do it as a welcoming gesture , but to stop the migrants . 
  if hungary and slovenia go forward with these corridors , austria will just stop them and they 're stuck at another border again . 
  there 's no reason for us to do this . 
  i believe hungarians here . 
  why would they invest in a fuckhuge border fence and at the same time establish corridors ? 
  our police said the same . 
  they said that croatian police suddenly stopped responding and that it 's acting very passive about the situation . 
  there used to be a joke about how croatia is in disputes with all its neighbors except hungary - but only because they ca n't understand them . 
  i guess its obsolete now . 
   do you guys have room for an entry level engineer from the us ?!, 
  educated folk is always welcome so by all means check the [ official websites ] ( http://www.infotujci.si/index.php?setlang=en ) if you are serious . 
  it may harder though since you 're from outside the eu . 
  it does feel a bit insulting i must admit . 
  this place is good enough for me , but somehow not good enough for them . 
  and yet we give food , water and shelter to the people who feel they deserve better than us . 
  it does n't matter though . 
  i do n't want them here and they do n't want to be here . 
  we share the same interests you could say , 
  that 's pretty good . 
  it reminded me of the times when [ edo maajka ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_chktbruo9m ) was popular . 
  what 's with slovenia in the title ? 
  we score pretty average in the survey . 
  and just not long ago france was criticizing others for doing the same . 
  so much hypocrisy these days . 
  ah , i suspected as much . 
  for some reason only germany and sweden get mentioned in the media . 
  i do n't consider them to be refugees anymore . 
  they stopped being that once they reached turkey . 
  switzerland is n't in eu , but it is in schengen . 
  if they wanted to go there they could , but for some reason they do n't even see switzerland as a destination . 
  i 'm interested why switzerland as one of the wealthiest nations in europe has n't been targeted by immigrants nearly as much as sweden and germany ? 
  how do swiss social benefits compare to those two countries ? 
  removing minefields is neither easy nor cheap . 
  especially when the lands involved have little economic value . 
  that wo n't be easy though . 
  it involves crossing the danube and minefields left from the war . 
   everyone who does n't agree with me on this matter must be a nazi . 
  yeah , no . 
  you must be really naive if you believe the motive was related to businesses and not politics . 
  honestly , i have no idea what our government is planing to do . 
  the most common thing i hear is that we 're supporting voluntary solidarity between members states and not mandatory quotas . 
  not really , mediterranean route is mainly used by sub-saharan africans , not syrians and afghanis . 
  it would be very difficult for a syrian to get to libya and then on a boat for europe . 
  he 'd have to cross through israel among other things . 
  i can understand her being fired , but prison is bit harsh . 
  you should be happy about it tbh . 
  it helps promote space and science among the general public . 
  it 's also a real refresher among the other news we 're being bombarded with recently . 
  it 's amazing how you can see different layers of the earth 's atmosphere . 
  at least i assume that 's what i 'm seeing ... 
  he was on just a week long mission afaik . 
  they 're not forcing them to sell low , they 're forcing them to use them for the purpose that they were built for : housing people . 
  all those empty apartments are unrealistically inflating prices which will ultimately lead to another housing bubble . 
  when eu canceled the south stream project last year one of the reasons was that we should be promoting overland routes through ukraine instead of these bypasses which only help russia 's agenda in ukraine . 
  now with the nord stream all of this is suddenly thrown out of the window . 
   then buy them from the banks . 
  that 's the problem . 
  bank 's interests are to buy low and sell high , and right now they are waiting for the prices to go up so they wo n't sell . 
  spain out of the tournament in the group stage ? 
  i did n't think that would be possible . 
  i feel you man . 
  we 're punishing legal visitors instead of illegal ones . 
  yes , because serbia and her russian friends never export weapons or support wars . 
   / r/europe was a really enjoyable , civilized and interesting subreddit once . 
  it still is . 
  i think you 're actually having a problem with people holding different opinions than your own . 
   oh , and noone is forcing us to take them in , we willingly decided to accept the quotas , because eu solidarity does n't just mean german charity .
