  moving to a different country with a completely different language and mentality is n't easy at all . 
  personally , i 'd only ever do it as a last resort . 
  actually , this surprisingly is n't among the criteria . 
  we 're even building a new coal powered power plant currently . 
  venezuelan oil is of lesser quality and harder to extract than saudi oil . 
  eu membership , when ? 
  very true . 
  this type of workforce may have been useful at rebuilding europe after ww2 , but today we live in a world where even university graduates can be unemployed . 
  exactly . 
  the only way to enter foreign country is to either show a valid passport and visa or to ask for asylum . 
  there 's no `` humanitarian corridor straight to sweden '' option . 
   how is the eu weak in air force and navy though ? 
  with the exception of the few largest countries , most air forces and navies are very small or nonexistent . 
  they 're pretty weak once you consider the population and the gdp of the entire eu . 
   but it would be an insane downgrade from what it is now . 
  what makes you say that ? 
  i think it would be just the opposite . 
  european armies , especially the smaller ones , have a hard time affording anything other than infantry equipment , and increasing spending over 2 % is n't going to change that . 
  an eu army would remove unnecessary duplication and strengthen areas where eu is currently weak at , like the air force and the navy . 
  and keep in mind that no one is really talking about an eu army yet . 
  this proposal is just about a joint hq . 
  what 's wrong with nato being an alliance between the us , the eu and a few other countries ? 
  i 'm not proud of it . 
  it 's not just brexit , but also unusual political stability by italian standards . 
  traditionally , italy has been been changing governments like i change underwear . 
  it 's a nhl tournament with nhl players . 
  too bad the games are at 02:00 cet . 
  the [ first republic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_republic_of_armenia ) does n't count ? 
   what kind of rule of law was when you created `` nova ljubljanska banka '' and did n't accept any claim for savings from anyone outside of slovenia ? 
  they did this because both governments agreed to put moratorium on lawsuits in an effort to resolve the issue on a governmental level . 
  but again , the croatian side did n't respect the agreement and allowed private lawsuits against lb . 
  now we 're returning the favor . 
  i do n't like this new trend of threatening with a kick out of eu over every little thing . 
  so you would like to abolish the euro and go back to national currencies ? 
  the euro and the schengen are two of the most concrete benefits of european integration . 
  getting rid of them would be a big mistake in my opinion . 
  i think fixing them should be our top priority , and then we cen decide if we want further integration in other areas , such as the military , or not . 
  there 's no other alternative . 
  we 're halfway trough the door with one foot , and we can either go forward or backward , but we can not stay as we are . 
  all of the eu crises have been amplified by our half-arsed integration . 
  the euro is a currency without a common fiscal policy , and frontex is a border agency without any meaningful authority . 
  either we do things right or we do n't do them at all . 
  personally , i prefer the former . 
  that 's a good thing , people returning back when things get peaceful enough . 
  it means they were legit refugees , not economic migrants . 
  highly dispersed/rural population . 
  remember that massive pro-erdogan rally in germany ? 
  the one where they had to forbid a televised speech by erdogan . 
  that 's why . 
  romance languages seem to be doing their own thing though . 
  neve/neiger/nieve sound very different from snow/sneg/schnee to me . 
  i was about to say that it could have simply been greek influence , but then i read on your wiki :  however , no ancient dialects of greek possessed balkanisms , so that the features shared with other regional languages appear to be post-classical innovations so you seem to correct about it being a more recent thing . 
  interesting stuff . 
  also , apparently jernej kopitar was the first scholar who studied these relations . 
  a person everyone in slovenia has learned about in school . 
   in terms of grammar , for whatever historical reason , bulgarian and macedonian are closely related to neighboring non-slavic languages , particularly albanian but also romanian and greek . 
  i think that 's because the bulgars were originally nomads who spoke a turkic language . 
  they became slavicized upon their arrival to the balkans , but retained some linguistic features of their old language . 
  the fact that oil is on 5th place makes me think that those figures are shewed because of our port of koper . 
  oil gets imported via koper and then exported to hungary , austria , slovakia , etc. 
  turns out [ \u017di\u017eek ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwdrhqnz9lo ) was right all along . 
  ok , so maybe a pub was n't the best example , but pubs are n't the only small businesses out there . 
  what about those small firms that employ just a couple of skilled entrepreneurs ? 
  firms that could one day compete with apple , but wo n't because they do n't get the same tax cuts . 
  it 's not about undercutting bigger nations , it 's about about equal treatment of all businesses . 
  apple pays 0,005 % , while a pub next door pays the standard 12,5 % . 
  is that fair ? 
  ireland can reduce its taxes to 0 % if it wants , but it has to be for everyone . 
  good riddance . 
  well , r&d is largely a private matter which governments can only influence indirectly , unlike the military . 
  about 190 m/s . 
  let 's not forget what the main objective of that project was : to end the war . 
  but you 're right , bosnia ca n't continue like this in the long run . 
  you probably get a few small ones that can wake you up if you live at the top floor of a tall building , but not much else . 
  at least that 's the case in ljubljana . 
  he also want 's you to [ respect the robot !, 
  ] ( http://www.dailydot.com/layer8/respect-the-robot/ ), 
  as always , drawing up a border and saying that things on the other side are completely different is stupid at best . 
  cultural borders are n't digital , they 're analog . 
   slovenia is placed in central europe , and that 's indeed the dominant culture , but it does n't mean that we have nothing in common with the rest of our neighbors . 
  compared ljubljana to tallinn . 
   startup scene : total funding last 12 months  $ 772,333 for ljubljana  $ 68,812,288 for tallinn the balts are so much better than us in this department that it is n't even funny . 
  paris , france ? 
  people are only mentioning the security aspect , but there are also social aspects . 
  burka simply has no place in western society in my opinion . 
  i doubt there are many women who wear it voluntarily and not because their husband/father told them to . 
  these people are expected to integrate , and that 's not going to happen with the mentality behind burka . 
  makes sense . 
  thanks for the answer . 
  has it actually been 100 % confirmed that gulen organized this coup ? 
  erdogan says yes , but gulen says no . 
  seems like word of one shady politician against another . 
  wife : `` i 'm divorcing you ! '', 
  husband : `` ok , bring me the papers to sign '' wife : `` n. . . next year '', 
  yeah , his actions sure were n't exemplary and he 'll probably get into more disputes with the eu in the future . 
   besides , it does n't matter what political spectrum you 're from true . 
  it seems like parties on the extremes are usually the ones calling to leave the eu , be it left or the right . 
  yeah , that 's just my view of it , a hungarian would explain it better . 
  as for the source , this is best i could find : http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-06-02/hungary-s-jobbik-abandons-push-to-leave-eu-vona-tells-inforadio, 
  i think a lot of people have a wrong idea about orban .
