  the quotas are to be mandatory , so yes , in a sense they are forcing us . 
  any kind of solidarity should be voluntary otherwise it 's not solitary at all . 
  nobody is forcing you to donate to the red cross either . 
  feels good judging eastern europeans when the uk is exempt from the quota system from the start , does n't it ? 
  anyway , eastern europeans are n't against accepting refugees voluntarily , we 're against being forced to do it by the eu . 
  they ca n't , otherwise they will be facing fines . 
  again , this `` one time '' acceptance of refugees by germany last week was a huge mistake . 
  either accept them all or none . 
  now they gave others incentive to try to come as well . 
  i do n't understand why germany accepted those refugees last week , but then announced that it was just a one time thing and that they 'll close the borders now . 
  either let them all in or none . 
  letting the first group in is just giving incentive for more of them to come . 
  which military ? 
  eu has 28 of them . 
  and no , galileo wo n't have selective availability like gps . 
  if you shut it down , you shut it down for everybody . 
  i agree , western women are required to cover their heads when they visit certain places in the middle east , and there 's nothing wrong with it , we should respect the lifestyle of our hosts and so should they when they come to europe . 
  more importantly , it 's a civilian program independent of us military . 
  that does n't change what i just said . 
  it 's legal , but not easy . 
  you said that was n't legal which obviously is n't true . 
  i never said it was easy . 
  there is a legal way to set foot on the european ground . 
  it 's called asylum and all you have to do to get it is reach a european border checkpoint and ask for it . 
  the people in austria died because hungarian asylum was n't good enough for them , they wanted a german one . 
  well , the traffickers are indeed the ones to blame , they 're the ones who convinced the refugees that it was safe when it obviously was n't . 
  but it takes two to make a deal and the refugees should have noticed something was wrong before it was too late . 
  hopefully refugees wo n't trust the traffickers as much because of these incidents . 
  yes , i 'm sure they knew the risks . 
  being put inside a refrigerator with 70 other people should trigger some red lights in their heads . 
  perhaps you are right , but that does n't justify father 's actions . 
  was staying in turkey really that terrible that he had to put his child on a dangerously overcrowded boat ? 
  probably not . 
  it 's interesting how south stream got canceled while nord stream is good to go . 
  that 's because you tried to control them in a foreign country . 
  this is true , however , nobody forced you to take eastern european or any other immigrants . 
  we would appreciate if we could do the same . 
  you 're doing a shit job at controlling your border and then act surprised when people start building fences around you . 
  this goes for greece too . 
  going to germany should n't make sense even under the current system . 
  under the dublin regulation , migrants are obliged to ask for asylum in the first eu country they set foot on . 
  germany is free to deport all of them back to hungary . 
  i hope we also get our astronaut one day . 
  this is what baffles me too . 
  free movement within europe ... but not if you 're an asylant . 
  either let them in and have them move wherever they want or do n't let them in at all . 
  those migrants in hungary would get all the things you mentioned if they applied for asylum there , but they do n't , they keep pushing for germany . 
  i can see why someone would look at it as a muslim vs christian thing , but average european is n't nearly as influenced by christianity as arabs are by islam . 
  most europeans have adopted secular values winch are n't compatible with religious conservatism shared by many muslim arabs . 
  i hope he was imprisoned for attempted murder or something . 
  so their lives are so valuable that we should allow them to destroy everything in their path ? 
   throw it out of the eu if that happens they 'll have zero reason to stop immigrants passing trough their country . 
  or perhaps that 's what you wanted all along ? 
  and on their journey they pass through half a dozen countries where they and their families would be perfectly safe . 
  i 'd expect it to be the other way around . 
  not much i 'm ashamed to admit . 
  you seem pretty mysterious to me . 
  * used to be part of the soviet union * you had a war with russia in 2008 * you have two breakaway republics : south ossetia and abkhazia * you have your own unique writing system * one of the oldest christian countries * you 're wine drinkers and producers ( just like us , yay ! ), 
  does n't austria have even better living standard than germany ? 
  this whole situation is becoming comical . 
  nah , the us does n't combat economic disparity nearly as much as that article implies . 
  they tend to have a free market approach to everything . 
  example of this is bankruptcy of detroit and more recently porto rico , both of which were left to fend for themselves . 
  americans can and will move to places with better economic opportunities , while europeans feel much more bound to their land because of nationality , language and other reasons . 
  which is a good thing in this case . 
  the refugee distribution idea perfectly highlights the problem with schengen and the eu in general . 
  europeans must decide if we want to have an open-border area or not , and if we do we must implement it fully and not in some half-arsed way . 
  this includes freedom of movement for everyone within schengen , including immigrants . 
  currently , the dublin regulation is preventing that . 
  of course , external border control must also be improved and economic migrants separated from refugees and turned back . 
  this half-arsed approach is also the reason why euro is such a failure . 
  common currency without a common fiscal policy just does n't work . 
  if we decide to do something we should do it properly . 
  we should just rename it to r/refugeecrisis at this point . 
  edit : oh shit , that subreddit actually exist , i did n't know that . 
  it 's much easier to boss around small eastern members than large western ones . 
  i never played rugby at school and frankly i do n't even know the rules . 
  rugby came into attention when a group of five british brothers with slovenian heritage came to play for slovenia . 
  a combination of their passion , skill and exoticness of the sport attracted crowds to watch rugby for the first time . 
  yeah , this paragraph strikes me as the most ridiculous . 
  do they really expect poland to repay them ? 
  it 's not like poland chose to get invaded and host death camps on its territory . 
   provide refugees with a legal and safe way to seek asylum in the eu and the trafficking will most likely stop . 
  it already exists . 
  they just have to turn up at the eu border and ask the authorities for asylum . 
  i does n't get any easier than that . 
  the problem is in the [ dublin regulation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dublin_regulation ) which demands that all asylum seekers stay in the country that first granted them asylum . 
  this allows the target countries , such as germany , to deport asylum seekers back to the country where they entered eu . 
  because of this , immigrants are trying to pass unnoticed straight to their destination and ask for asylum there . 
  this accident would have never happened without this regulation . 
  austria giving ultimatums ? 
  i hope it does n't turn out like the last time . 
  that 's what i said , you 're basically agreeing with me . 
  i do n't have a problem with being slavic , i have a problem with people telling me that i need to act like a russian to be slavic . 
  slavic = / = russian so many people equate all slavs with russians . 
  it 's both stupid and dangerous . 
  they imagine all of us to be vodka drinkers living in snow covered commieblocks , and when they find out we 're not , they say we 're not slavic . 
  i 'm slavic and proud , but i have little in common with russians . 
  i sure do n't like them these days , but i give them a lot of respect when it comes to space exploration and science in general . 
  they put the first man in space after all .
