  it was about time . 
  i 'm just stating the facts here , not putting blame on anyone . 
  this vienna-centric network caused huge trouble for the successor states . 
  for example , the best way to travel from within czechoslovakia was via vienna . 
  terrorism is n't the only factor of safety and crime rates in europe are far lower than those in america . 
  he would be correct if he said that europe is currently very prone to terrorism . 
  interesting infographic . 
  why are there so many attacks in britain in the 70 's and 80 's ? 
  europe is a big place . 
  most countries have been completely unaffected by this . 
   or is the stuff you offer just too similar to what we already have in austria ( like mountains etc ) . 
  most likely , yes . 
  both our countries cater to the same kind of people . 
  it 's not just the smaller countries , but also lesser known regions in larger countries . 
  people flock to major capitals and sea resorts , while ignoring so many awesome places . 
  do i think slovenia is underrated ? 
  yes , but more and more people are slowly discovering it . 
  age and immersion are the most important . 
  i started learning english in preschool when i barely knew how to read and write in my own language , and immersion was easy because english is everywhere nowadays . 
  many people in slovenia start learning german as 2nd foreign language in middle shool , but they often end up learning nothing because they 're both too old and not immersed enough . 
  i do n't know much about croatian politics , but from what i understand , your pm is former diaspora who barely speaks croatian , and your president also spent a significant amount of her life in the us . 
  and now croatian diaspora is whining about their voice not being heard ? 
  they practically rule the country . 
  are you guys seriously arguing about an 18th century conflict ? 
  dutch government holds the current presidency of the eu council . 
  in that case britain , which is n't a schengen member , would have to impose border controls for people traveling within their own country . 
  it makes sense practically , but not legally . 
  i might expect on some some small side road , but not a highway bridge . 
  good point . 
   for every syrian readmitted by turkey from the greek islands , one syrian refugee will be resettled from turkey to the eu member states this gives turkey zero incentive to try stopping the migrant boats . 
  they more boats come , the more syrians they can legally send to the eu . 
  i hope eu is n't dumb enough to go for this . 
  to be honest , i only learned that iceland is a schengen member from this thread . 
  i knew about switzerland and norway , but not iceland . 
  but yeah , you 'd expect a border guard to know these thing . 
  it 's a border between two eu members . 
  most people crossing it are eu citizens who typically just get waved trough . 
  ah , the famous british moral high ground . 
  they would n't be the same without it . 
  first of all austria is a destination country . 
  secondly , the destination countries are free to decide who they accept and who they do n't . 
  those who are n't accepted are then stuck in transit countries like slovenia and croatia . 
  i thought this had to do with croatia being late to join the eu , but then i noticed that greece is n't included either . 
  strange research . 
  so they 're building a fence around our embassy in canberra ? 
  military apc 's next to migrant reception camps have been a normal thing in slovenia since the beginning . 
  i do n't know why austrians are making such a big deal out of this . 
  this is probably true when compared to ex-ottoman empire or ex-russian empire territories , but not when compared to western europe . 
  move up to the next line of defense : bulgaria , macedonia and albania . 
  relocate syrians across the eu , leave rest in greece . 
  sanction turkey . 
  as i said , turkey has received a lot of money from the eu recently . 
  they should allow us to deport them back to turkey at any time . 
  turkey has to take them back as simple as that . 
  we 're not showering them with billions of euros for not doing that . 
  in fact , the new nato operation will apparently do just that . 
  well , apparently those controls are n't doing much . 
  there are still loads of people from iran , tunisia , and afghanistan - people that have nothing to do with the syrian war and can be classified as economic migrants . 
  i have nothing against eu 's relocation quotas to relive greece and italy , but only after proper control of external borders has been established . 
  maybe i did n't understand your post well , but you seem to be blaming austria for violating the dublin agreement . 
  have you looked at the map ? 
  austria does n't even have external schengen borders . 
  it can not possibly violate dublin agreement unless refugees fly in by airplane . 
  you should be glad uk is an island because there would be nothing stopping france from acting in the same way as greece and stop wishing host the `` eu 's migrant prison '' at calais . 
  i 'm glad that the small countries of central europe/balkans have finally decided to put their foot down and deal with this issue together . 
  greece has shown no interest to control its borders or to accept eu 's help , while germany has brought the definition of hypocrisy to a new level . 
  can we now take denmark 's place in the nordic club please ? 
  this thread really brings out the european spirit . 
   more russian flags than serbian ones so much for serbia priding herself with independence and sovereignty . 
   a country that prevented us from getting subjugated under the austrian heel in ww1 what do you mean ? 
  serbia got occupied by austria-hungary and your army fled to corfu . 
  later it was liberated by combined a serbian-french offensive , while russia was busy having a revolution at home . 
  migration crisis and brexit are two separate issues that should n't be mixed like this . 
  i find it strange how northerners and not southerners are the ones leading the way when it comes to making their cities more bicycle friendly . 
  and not just in the europe , but in north america as well . 
  you 'd think people living in warmer climates would be more welcoming to the idea of cycling because their weather allows it all year round . 
  i agree . 
  i love to see my city on this list , but i 'm sure it would n't be there if was just just another city and not the current eu green capital . 
  it 's just too small . 
  budapest on the other hand is a major european city . 
  most migrants begin their journey with germany in their mind as the destination . 
  they 're not interested in anything else . 
  once germany stops taking them they 'll stop coming altogether . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=810clkqlwtc one more thing : most people say that winter is the main reason for lower numbers of migrants in these last few months . 
  but a big reason is also the fact that the can no longer go to many eu countries . 
  at the border , they have to declare that they 're going to either germany , austria or slovenia or else they do n't let them trough . 
  once germany also decides to stop taking them , the whole balkan route will shut down . 
  my parents told me a story about how they bought furniture for their apartment . 
  they found a really nice closet , but it was too expensive for them . 
  they went to another shop where they found exactly the same closet for half the price . 
  some shops where too slow at adjusting to inflation which made things cheaper than they should be . 
  if you 're talking about political stability , than yes , the us is more stable , but eu was never stable to begin with . 
  it 's just a loose union of countries without much power on its own . 
  europeans still primarily identify ourselves with our nations , even if we 're otherwise pro-eu . 
  many people have this false impression about slovenia and the balkans . 
  only the coast has a mediterranean climate , while just a few kilometers inland we have continental climate with snowy winters and all . 
  the main reason for this are the dinaric alps , which are blocking the mediterranean influence . 
  also , the mediterranean climate this far north is n't very strong to begin with . 
  i remember how the mayor of one of our coastal towns decided to plant some palm trees only to have them freeze over the next winter . 
  i did n't know much about it before today .
