  they 're certainly a minority . 
  comparing the migrant crisis to the europeans immigration to america 100 is ignorant at best . 
  immigration to america was legal and controlled , while the eu is experiencing an illegal and uncontrolled immigration right now . 
  the americans had a whole list of limitations that they enforced on immigrants . 
  people with criminal records and health issues were automatically banned . 
  they prioritized certain races and ethnicities . 
  an englishman or a german had it easier than a slav or an italian for example . 
  it was a racist and outdated system that i do n't want us to copy . 
  the point is that it was an exact opposite of what we 're having today in the eu . 
  did n't we already have a referendum about that ? 
  do we really need to repeat it every 3 years ? 
  well , to be fair , germany 's police is also being overburdened at home . 
  building fences between schengen members should be unacceptable . 
  they should come to slovenia and help us build a fence on the outer border instead . 
  or better yet , we should all deal with this in greece already . 
  it seems like the european nations are unable to work together in times of crisis . 
  the root of the problem is with syria itself , not anyone else . 
  it 's a country where a minority is ruling over the majority , and a country ruled by a dynastic dictatorship . 
  syria experienced sunni uprisings against the assad 's already in the late 70 's - long before us little adventure in iraq . 
  such billboards have been common on eu funded construction sites for a long time . 
  i do n't see what 's a big deal to have them on farms as well . 
  please do n't talk about things you know nothing about . 
  we can let them into our country if they either have a valid eu passport , have a valid eu visa , or ask for asylum . 
  these people do n't fall into any of these categories . 
  i hope we 'll join you next year . 
  it was a brainfart , do n't take it too seriously . 
  but it 's true that those young males could try helping their country instead of running . 
   the selection of goths that were allowed to cross the danube was unforgiving : the weak , old , and sickly were left on the far bank to fend for themselves against the huns i wish we did the opposite . 
  take the weak and leave those military capable young men behind . 
   we 're not going to allow a build up of migrants in croatia . 
  you should be thinking about that when you let them into your country . 
  what asylum applications ? 
  out of 8000 only 40 or so asked for asylum in slovenia . 
  they want germany and nothing else . 
  slovenia is trying to be a good boy and register them , but we do n't have the resources to handle such a massive crowd . 
  perhaps , although i 'm not sure how slovenia is going to prevent illegal crossings without a fence of its own . 
  apparently croatia has conveniently placed its camps near zagreb . 
  if they allow people in those caps to move freely there 's nothing stopping them from coming to slovenia . 
  slovenia said it will be accepting 2500 a day as that is our max capacity to process them . 
  croatia can expect a build up in their country . 
  building fences between schengen members should be the absolute final solution to this problem . 
  we should be protecting external borders not internal ones . 
  hungary has proved it can be done , but slovenia wo n't do it as long as germany keeps its open arms policy . 
  why would we ? 
  germany needs to stop this and then help build fences on external eu borders instead of their own . 
  do n't worry , they have the whole alphabet covered . 
  our interior mister denied any kind of agreement with croatia . 
  if they have a `` plan c '' they planned it alone . 
  slovenia will introduce `` maximum border control '' in case hungary closes its border . 
  i would n't be worried about slovenia 's intentions , our government is committed to protecting the schengen border . 
  what i would be worried about is slovenia 's capability to do what it plans to do . 
  we 're a small country , 200.000 migrants on our territory would represent 10 % of our population . 
  we already had to use police reservists and army to deal with the relatively small wave in august . 
  doing this over a long period will be impossible without external help . 
  edit : to add , greece is a schengen member so we should be controlling that border before any other . 
  instead , the greeks are letting them through while further north we 're building a giant wall of ~ ~ china ~ ~ europe from the adriatic to the black sea . 
  it just makes no sense . 
  it is actually the richest country on earth . 
  denying asylum there makes absolutely no sense . 
  heh , usually people try avoiding slovenia so they do n't have to pay for our highway vignette . 
  i have no love for russia , especially after their actions in ukraine . 
  but severing all ties with russia and acting like it does n't exist is destructive for europe . 
  eu members should n't have to control borders with each other . 
  frontex needs to be significantly improved so we can properly control external borders . . 
  anyone entering eu illegally should be automatically deported regardless of whether they deserve asylum or not . 
  after deportation they can turn up at one of the border crossings and ask for asylum there like a good boy . 
  it was about motivation . 
  everyone knew yugoslavia was finished at that point , so nobody was motivated to fight for a failed federation in slovenia . 
  but fighting for a `` repressed '' serbian minority in croatia and bosnia was an entirely different thing . 
  you could motivate many people for that . 
  this situation ca n't possibly compare with the fall of the berlin wall . 
  back then , both sides wanted to remove the barriers and live together . 
  the only thing preventing them were politicians . 
  now neither of the sides want to live together : ee does n't want migrants and migrants do n't want ee . 
  and again , the politicians are the ones going against that . 
  and talking about globalization as some kind of perfect ideology that no one should avoid is just absurd . 
  i thought merkel was smarter than that . 
  building your economy around weed is n't exactly the best investment . 
  although i agree , albania should legalize weed , but i do n't know why you 're blaming eu here ? 
  netherlands and czech republic have already legalized weed and nobody is stopping albania form doing the same . 
  the main reason eu asked to stop those weed villages is because they were run by illegal traffickers . 
  it 's easy to talk about ignorance and stupidity , but you got to understand that these people just experienced capitalism for the first time and some people took advantage of it . 
  same things also happened in east germany for example , although with less dramatic consequences . 
  til i should thank korea for keeping russia out of my country . 
  too bad it moves slower than a bicycle . 
  otherwise it 's pretty cool . 
  nobel prize lost most of its credibility when they awarded barack obama . 
  now they 're about to loose the rest of it . 
  on the other hand you 'll also get genocide if assad falls . 
  the main motivation of alawite soldiers in the syrian army is the fact that sunnis will show them no mercy if they loose . 
  they fight for survival and not because of some everlasting love for president assad . 
  i think the best solution for syria would be to split up the country into three parts : alawite , sunni and kurdish . 
  there 's no way this country can ever function normally again . 
  some european leaders have recently expressed willingness to cooperate with assad . 
  the us probably was n't too pleased to hear that . 
  the syrian crisis effects europe much more than the us , russia or china . 
  it would be in our best interest to stay involved in this , although it might be best to have just a single eu representative instead of four separate ones . 
  `` pazi , sad je zajebano '' oh , wow , what the hell ? 
  is this thing for real ? 
  [ atomik harmonik ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfhf67ynp-o ) probably .
