  they did it because their largest trading partner openly attacked them . 
  these rankings tend to be somewhat biased because they also evaluate things like # of research papers published by the university . 
  this puts ( mainland ) european universities at a disadvantage because they 're often purely educational institutions . 
  the research part is done by independent research institutes like the [ jo\u017eef stefan institute ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jo%c5%beef_stefan_institute ) in ljubljana for example . 
  nato is stronger on paper , but in practice it 's several armies with limited coordination and organization . 
  nato needs these exercises to improve that . 
  that said , these exercises do n't necessarily need to take place in the east and cause unnecessary tensions . 
  we had a nice [ thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4ojqmd/a_schengen_zone_for_nato/ ) about this yesterday . 
  well , the russians have a slava-class cruiser there ... 
   why would they even bother keeping conscripted men in military they do n't . 
  in fact they stopped chasing after smugglers because all those people in europe send a lot of money back back to their families . 
  it brings some much needed hard currency into the country . 
  it is to spare loosers of shame . 
  it reminds me of a skiing competition we had in school where everyone after 10th place was 11th . 
  i found them together with some interesting information on this blog : http://below-the-turret-ring.blogspot.si/2016/05/strong-europe-tank-challenge-2016_22.html, 
  is there a way to see how everyone ranked ? 
  i 'm curious to see if we somehow managed not to be last with our outdated tanks . 
  it 's hard to say with these semi-yellow british newspapers whether they 're serious or not . 
  are they really on the streets and not in prison ? 
  ... with no people . 
   first word in \u017di\u017eek 's column is `` stalin '' some things never change . 
   there are land routes into europe . 
  in practice there are n't . 
  turkey-greece/bulgaria border has been heavily fenced up since before the crisis . 
  this is the main reason why people are trying to reach greece via the aegean sea and not overland . 
  i 'd say it 's more of a catholic vs orthodox slavs divide though . 
   germany 's deputy chancellor sigmar gabriel said sunday that angela merkel would be wrong to push speed over quality in 2016 negotiations . 
  indeed she would . 
  better wait another 5 years than make a bad deal here . 
  americans are trying to rush this deal by scaring eu with the prospect of having to talk to someone like donald trump . 
  strange article . 
  first it claims diversity is the reason why certain new shows are n't popular outside america , and then proceeds to disprove itself by citing shows like csi , the cosby show and fresh prince , which were all diverse and also immensely popular in europe . 
  and at the end it reveals that europeans do n't like long serial shows which are currently popular in america , so nothing to do with diversity at all . 
  so why even mention diversity in such an article in the first place ? 
   the authorities said in a statement on wednesday that `` the public interest concerning gender equality as well as integration of foreigners far outweighs that concerning the freedom of belief of students '' . 
  europe could learn a lot from the swiss . 
  i did n't even know this was a thing until recently . 
  nah , unlike north koreans , these people are well aware of what the outside world is like . 
  would estonia abandon its independence aspirations in 1991 if most of the world refused to recognize it ? 
  i doubt it . 
  the main reason behind their independence aspirations is n't economic , it rarely ever is . 
  we 're kinda 50/50 . 
  our wine is top quality , while our beer is average at best , so we prefer to put ourselves in the wine belt . 
  unfortunately few people know about our wine and we consume most of it ourselves . 
  let me ask the obvious : why did she come to sweden in the first place ? 
  did russia pay any compensation when it renamed leningrad into st. petersburg ? 
  most of our schools are equipped with a handball court , but kids usually do n't care about it and just play futsal . 
  or maybe it 's the other way around ? 
  it 's funny how many people associate turkey with coffee drinking because of the turkish coffee , but in reality turks are the biggest tea drinkers in the world . 
  our police is woefully unprepared for this . 
  there 's already a 2 hour wait time at the border today , imagine what it 's going to be during tourist season . 
  `` we send the eu 350 million pounds a week , lets fund our nhs instead '', 
   rent-a-bee ? 
  ;d that 's not that uncommon actually , especially in america . 
  no country ever reached real communism , not even the ussr . 
  the best way to define a communist country is to see if it 's ruled by the communists , and yugoslavia was . 
  also , the way yugoslav economy worked was closer to the east than to the west . 
  we were literally ruled by a communist party of yugoslavia . 
  they 'll probably reinstate the death penalty , execute everyone who opposes them , ban the death penalty again , and then ask to join the eu again . 
  this is just a nutrition label comparison though , not an actual test of the food . 
  quite similar , but with many notable differences . 
  it 's close enough for me to be able to ask for directions , but not close enough to have a conversation about rocket science . 
  older slovenians tend to speak s-c quite fluently because of the exposure during yugoslav times , while younger ones may even prefer to converse in english instead . 
  this does n't go both ways however . 
  s-c speakers have a hard time understanding slovene no matter the generation . 
  mixed marriages certainly are a thing . 
  slovenia and croatia have some disputes , but historically we 've always been on the same side , and there are no `` ethnic tensions '' between us . 
  the border communities are also quite intertwined despite it being a schengen border . 
  not really . 
  i think most slovenians would agree that he belongs to croatia more than slovenia . 
  i mean , there 's not even a single record of him ever speaking slovenian . 
  they did ? 
  i heard they were m70 's from serbia . 
  either way , it does n't matter . 
  the point is that they were n't legally owned weapons . 
  yes , but that 's your own swiss problem , not an eu 's problem . 
  they would shoot themselves in the foot if they did . 
  there 's much more on the line than just gun laws . 
  the eu 's gun law is a travesty to begin with . 
  they went after legal gun owners as a response to the paris & brussels terrorist attacks , when it is well known that those weapons were smuggled in from serbia . 
  we should strengthen up schengen border controls and increase europol 's funding instead . 
  when asked how he will communicate with poland after this , he replied : `` with poland i will communicate in polish . '', 
  this metric makes eastern europe look terrible , because communists nationalized all the large private property there . 
  in western europe , all the rich landlords keep their land that some of them owned for centuries . 
  wealth of an average western person is probably still a lot higher than wealth of an average eastern person , but not by as much as this map would make you believe . 
  m\u00fcller is known for selling german market goods in slovenia . 
  why do n't more companies do this ? 
  it seems like a good way of gaining advantage over competitors . 
  so austria is calling for less money for ... itself ? 
  according to the european commission ; austria , hungary and poland are least cooperative at refugee distribution . 
  `` we work like we will live for hundred years , we prepare like that tomorrow there will be a war . '', 
  true , i should n't called it a country . 
  still , it 's an interesting thought . 
  weird to think that we once shared a country with spain and the netherlands . 
  it 's pointless if there are no foreigners to convince about who 's right and who 's wrong . 
  everyone in the balkans is already convinced about their own right . 
  there 's no difference and you know it . 
  the state of slovenes , croats and serbs was established by a self-appointed national council and was not an internationally recognized country . 
  italy and serbia pressured it into unifying with serbia and eventually the national council did it without parliamentary approval . 
  as for the king , he was pretty much irrelevant by 1918 .
