  that 's a stupid point then . 
  the recent aggression happened exactly towards a such neutral buffer state . 
  ukraine would never be attacked it if was n't neutral . 
  if it was in nato , russia would n't dare to attack it . 
  if it was in russian sphere like belarus , russia would n't need to attack it . 
  nice way of diverting attention . 
  who let the patriot act pass without resistance ? 
  why are only europeans protesting ttip ? 
  why are labor unions practically nonexistent in the us ? 
  why is police violence going unpunished ? 
  why are corporations allowed to get away with anything ? 
  the `` little man '' of america is fucked from so many sides and yet there 's no one to protest about it . 
  what the dutch guy is trying to say is that any resistance must be inconspicuous in a situation like that . 
  there 's nothing stopping a stronger force like the nazis to just massacre anyone who dares to resist , and they did . 
  for example , a person might be working for the germans over the day , but during the night he 's throwing molotovs at them . 
  to me it seems like the american distrust of government is all bark and no bite . 
  when have americans ever protested against their government in the way many europeans often do ? 
  you constantly talk about government taking your guns and whatnot , but when the same government openly crushes your freedoms you do nothing . 
  why the hell are hungarians making fun of scots ? 
  also , italians making fun of themselves made me smile . 
  there 's no way to identify who 's a refugee and who 's an economic migrant . 
  in most cases they show up without passports and claim that they need asylum . 
  we can only take their word that they 're real refugees . 
  the croatian government probably had the recordings for a while , but has only now decided to make them public . 
  the whole `` we are shocked by this '' act is a joke . 
  it 's actually not . 
  people boo for much lesser reasons . 
  ... in slovak official name of slovenia is `` republika slovenija '' . 
  this ca n't be real . 
  it should be immigrant 's duty to prove that he comes from a war torn area and deserves asylum . 
  right now anyone can turn up without documents and claim that his life is in danger . 
  the eu has no way of verifying this and simply believes him on his word . 
  a stupid practice that should have never begun in the first place . 
  it 's a good way to justify high defense spending on both sides : `` look , they keep violating our airspace , we must buy more f-16s '' . 
  it 's less crazy than sending a man to mars and back . 
  it seems like a vision of a daydreaming child at first , but it 's actually a very realistic proposal , a nice stop gap between iss and mars . 
  i hope he manages to convince enough people . 
  they privatized our 2nd largest bank not long ago and they 're currently trying to sell adria airways and telekom . 
  this government already privatized more than the last three governments together . 
  the main reason for the delays are the other two parties in the coalition , not cerar . 
  how are they communists when they 're currently privatizing anything that 's left to privatize ? 
  and here he 's making our pm feel awkward : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u0jbrchgooy, 
  if anything , the european response to the ukrainian war , the greek crisis and the immigration crisis have proven that europe is still far from united . 
  i just hope that this will finally end the agony that greece has been going through for the past few years , whatever the solution . 
   which western countries are you referring to ? 
  france is the country that first comes to mind . 
  paris has some pretty nasty suburbs and marseille is know as a ghetto city . 
  the 2005 french riots also come to mind . 
  exactly . 
  i have no problem with immigration itself , but any immigrant must integrate into his new society as soon as possible . 
  integrating someone from a similar country is easy , he might become indistinguishable from the local population in less than a year ; but integrating someone from a different culture can take a lifetime . 
  integration is something certain western european countries failed at miserably . 
  they created ghettos populated by unemployed and criminal people who do n't speak the local language . 
  this is something i do n't want in my country . 
  because of the vast cultural gap between us . 
  like every human being , i prefer being around people which are similar to me . 
  this comparison makes no sense and you know it . 
  one is eu helping poland build its infrastructure and whatnot ; and the other is eu letting in immigrants because their countries are in ruin . 
  they 're both very different kinds of solidarity . 
  i have no problem with helping africans build their infrastructure , but i do n't want thousands of them in my country . 
  i do n't think they 'd need anything other than political will . 
  most european countries ignored us calls to invade iraq . 
  denmark could have easily be one of them if it wanted to . 
  even if europe increases its defense spending it will still look small compared to the ridiculous us budget , but yeah , i agree , europe should pull more of its weight in nato than it currently does . 
  cutting defense budgets and relying exclusively on others to come to help is n't exactly smart . 
  the main thing preventing eu from becoming a major military player is the fact that it does n't have it 's own army , but a myriad of smaller national armies . 
  we ca n't expect this to change anytime soon due to political and historical reasons . 
  this is especially problematic with tiny countries such as my own who ca n't possibly afford any `` strategic '' weapons . 
  and we 're not the only ones , most european countries ca n't afford to have a decent air force , navy , rocket systems , satellites , etc. 
  they could have them if they funded them together , but they wo n't for reasons already mentioned . 
  this is probably something extremely difficult though . 
  the traffickers buy their boats from the locals before each `` mission '' . 
  the time span between a boat being bought and sent to the sea must be very narrow . 
  the jews ? 
  i thought it was the fascists . 
  i 'm pretty sure serbia is a legal successor of fr yugoslavia . 
  spain has a tiny part in africa , is it african ? 
  i agree , but this thread is about over-stretching the definition of europe . 
  japan and europe influenced each other a lot after 19th century , should they host the next european games ? 
  it 's more about the cultural definition of europe than a geographic one . 
  the couturiers you listed do n't look nearly as oriental as azerbaijan . 
  those influences go both ways . 
  a ) this is not a secret , it 's been in the news before . 
  b ) this is nothing controversial , it 's a necessary step to stop the smugglers . 
  one theory is that eastern europe was severely depopulated after attila 's invasions and slavs then filled those voids . 
  i feel like russians is trying to push sweden in finland into nato on purpose in order to further justify their agenda . 
  do finns and estonians use their own languages or english to communicate with each other ? 
  almost a full minute of cringe . 
   1 day korcula  1 day hvar including travel ? 
  ferry trip to kur\u010dula takes about 3 hours . 
  if you plan to return on the same day , you 'll be spending 6 hours on a boat that day . 
  edit : let me add a few things . 
  hvar is indeed touristy and expensive , but as soon as you leave the town of hvar things get a little more bearable . 
  we had our accommodation in some remote part of the island , but that was only possible because we had a car . 
  kor\u010dula is my favorite of the two . 
  it 's cuter and less touristy . 
  keep in mind that ferry lands at vela luka so you 'll have to travel across the island to the town of kor\u010dula . 
  both towns are nice , vela luka is an old fishing village , while kor\u010dula is a medieval town with city walls and such . 
  i 've never been on vis , but i 've been on krk many times . 
  you might want to include it as it 's easy to reach because of the bridge .
