  better than all the neighbors in all categories even . 
  that 's common in most european border regions . 
  not something to write home about . 
  though i recently learned that bosnian fuel market is somewhat unregulated , so you run the risk of damaging your car if you refuel at a wrong place . 
  why increase the police presence everywhere when you can just focus on the few problematic areas/groups ? 
  it 's cheaper and more efficient . 
  i think the colors are based only on the word `` year '' . 
  bosnian taxpayers payed for these people 's education though . 
  i think bosnia should have an option of keeping them for at least a few years . 
  i liked this place more than venice itself . 
  it 's like a smaller and cuter version of venice . 
  german police said that the investigation does n't end with his death , but it 's very likely that he did it . 
  nah , it is n't as simple as that . 
  national identity and language are important as well . 
  and austria was n't that far ahead in 1921 . 
  afaik they even experienced hunger before they got anschluss 'd . 
  so basically only one us base is in a country bordering russia ( kazakhstan ) and even that 's doubtful . 
  just try not to make it into [ local headlines ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tl07yea.png ) . 
  have you seen how people on those boats look like ? 
  they 're mostly black sub-saharan africans , not libyan arabs . 
  they decided that libya is safe enough for them to cross on their way to europe , but it somehow is n't safe enough for us to return them there ? 
  they sail as close to libya as possible , `` rescue '' some people , and then haul them to europe . 
  how is that any diffrent from what those people smugglers are doing ? 
  yes , but these are private businesses we 're talking about . 
  if a kebab shop across the street goes bankrupt , it wo n't get bailed out like that . 
  bank management can make bad businesses decisions and get away with it , because the government safety net is always there for them . 
  i 'm no expert , but i think banks should either be public businesses or small private businesses that are never `` too big to fall '' . 
  they should really consider replacing those steel cables with [ rubber curtain ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4shacterduy ) . 
  you should really read the entire article . 
  it also says this :  total military spending by european union governments was about $ 200 billion last year $ 5.5 billion is just what will come out of eu 's budget on top of national budgets . 
  that 's irrelevant . 
  any troops operating in africa would naturally be based in/near africa , not in croatia . 
  the bottom line is that it 's about paratroopers , not mig-21 's and gripens . 
  they 're actually very short compared to most rifles . 
  it 's a amazing how a message can get distorted as it passes from mouth to mouth . 
  this is n't about air forces with fighter planes and such . 
  it 's about special forces who operate from helicopters . 
  no common units are planned . 
  just common training , equipment procurement , interoperability , and things like that . 
  that 's not really a secret . 
  most conservative parties have some kind of religious background . 
  angela merkel 's party is called `` christian democrats '' after all . 
  again , they wo n't be able to work in the eu without a work permit . 
  their status will be that same as that of the americans , brazilians , or japanese who visit europe . 
  erdogan says a lot of crazy shit . 
  we should n't react when he talks , but when he acts . 
   what people dont realize is that in order to join the eu the country needs to meet certain criteria such as human rights , seperation of powers , a proper judiciary system etc. 
  this is the main argument for keeping the door open . 
  just going down the path of joining the eu can tremendously help any county . 
  it does n't mater if in the end you actually join the eu or not . 
  it sucks that turkish politicians think that this is n't worth the effort , and now eu politicians are starting to think the same . 
  it 's not just the development , but also the sheer size of the us market . 
  big multinationals love to sell on that market , but prefer to employ their workforce in cheaper countries . 
  the us has the power to stop that and tell them that they ca n't have one without the other . 
  same goes for the eu . 
  the article is about the recent events , not 60 years ago . 
  donald trump 's great friend is nigel farage , an eurosceptic . 
  and now there 's also this trump associated news company expanding to germany and france in order to promote eurosceptic parties there . 
   if the eu treats the uk in a hostile way then voters in it 's member countries will be disgusted and encouraged to revolt . 
  i highly doubt that the average voter cares about what happens to the uk . 
  if anything , people feel betrayed and annoyed by the uk . 
  you 're completely misunderstanding the point of being an independent nation . 
  protip : it is n't to gain world dominance like in some civilization game . 
  something about both world wars and territorial divisions that no one is happy about on either side . 
  i think most people do n't really care about it though . 
  i certainly have nothing against italians . 
  young people have more important things to worry about these days . 
  afaik albania has the biggest diaspora in the world relative to their population . 
   as for the free market without freedom of movement , we just signed ceta so ... trade agreement = / = common market . 
  many countries have different kinds of trade agreements in place , but few have eu-style common markets . 
  your first post talked about culture , now you talk about genetics . 
  culture = / = genetics . 
  countries of the austro-hungarian empire lived under same rule for over a 1000 years , while the iron curtain existed for less than 50 years . 
  and there 's no such thing as a common slavic culture . 
  what you refer to as slavic culture is most likely russian culture . 
  i like how she censored her own sign . 
  the guy on the right looks straight out of das boot . 
  it was opened when ljubljana was under napoleonic administration , so yeah , probably . 
  it 's definitely strange to have the former austro-hungarian empire split into 3 categories ( or even 5 if you include italy and ukraine ) . 
  that said , i do n't mind us being in the balkan category . 
  we definitely have things in common with those countries as well . 
  lets face it , this thread was created to further propel the endless circle of butthurt between serbs and croats . 
  all of the known events have been used up , so op had to go with this unknown assassination from almost a 100 years ago . 
   but russkies do n't have anything to do with it they do n't , but this wo n't stop them from marking the drill as a terrible threat to regional stability . 
  i 'm from `` the region '' , and even i had to ask `` who ? '', 
  after reading the title . 
  these values are pre-tax , so it should be more or less even ground . 
  the real thing to look at should be income inequality . 
  i have the feeling that the us value is inflated by their millionaires . 
  lol , the only time i flew with easyjet , it was with an absolutely hilariously looking pilot . 
  his uniform was partly unbuttoned and he was proudly displaying his hairy chest . 
  he looked like a sexualized parody you 'd see at some wild party . 
  i would n't be surprised if this was that same pilot . 
  yes , i 'm proud to be european . 
  however , i always put my national identity above the european identity . 
  why ? 
  because i want europe to preserve its cultural , ethnic and linguistic differences . 
  the moment the eu starts breaking its regional identities , and starts becoming more like the us , i stop supporting the eu project . 
  people , please read the article . 
  this has nothing to do with brexit .
