  not really . 
  our home appliance producer gorenje is kinda well known , but its more regional than international . 
  there 's simply no need for them . 
  families only need enough storage space for groceries , and typically prefer extra seats for family members . 
  businesses , on the other hand , prefer vans to move things around . 
  to me , pickups seem like weird hybrids that are kinda versatile , but not really good at any one thing . 
  well , an [ intercontinetal ] ( https://www.ihg.com/intercontinental/hotels/gb/en/ljubljana/ljuha/hoteldetail ) has just opened in ljubljana . 
  it 's apparently the most luxurious ( read : expensive ) hotel in the city . 
  before the transition , there was a media campaign and all the prices were shown in euros in advance . 
  then , while most people were celebrating new year of 2007 , all their bank savings were converted from tolars to euros , and technicians were busy modifying all the atm 's around the country . 
  then there was a two week transition period when you could pay with tolars , but could not receive them . 
  after this period you had to bring any tolars to the bank to exchange them ( and still can iirc ) . 
  a 1000 tolars was worth about 5 euros , and at first , it felt strange using such a low denomination , but you quickly got used to it . 
  it also meant a lot more coins in the wallet , so many people bought new wallets that could hold more coins . 
  i 'm keeping some tolars as a souvenir together with even older yugoslav dinars . 
  the tolar was a popular currency and many people nostalgically remember them , but do n't really want them back . 
  the euro is just too useful when going abroad or when shopping online . 
  sure , you can pm me . 
  if you want to see bled than this is probably the bast way to do it since the station is right next to the lake . 
  but it 's no main line for sure , it 'll be a slow ride . 
  do you like scenic railways ? 
  here 's what you could do about slovenia : * take a train to gorizia ( it ) * cross into nova gorica ( slo ) with either a bus or by walking * take a train from nova gorica to jesenice ( the bohinj railway ) * take a train from jesenice to ljubljana ( or alternatively to austria ) * continue to budapest from ljubljana it 's major detour , but a lovely one . 
  the bohinj railway passes along the so\u010da river , the bohinj lake , and the bled lake . 
  you can also take the [ special steam train ] ( http://www.slo-zeleznice.si/en/passenger-transport/around-slovenia/heritage-trains/take-the-heritage-train-along-the-bohinj-line ) if you want . 
  i recently read an article about the anniversary of `` bralna zna\u010dka '' as we call it , and apparently we imported it from the czechs . 
  i suggest you switch to buses/car rental in certain parts of europe . 
  train travel gets worse and worse the farther east you go . 
  for example , the train venice-ljubljana does n't exist . 
  you can transfer at trieste or gorica , but why bother when you can just take the bus the whole way ? 
  i also heard from hungarians that their railways are pretty bad . 
  there are a few words and features that can tell serbian and croatian apart , but they would be called dialects in most countries . 
  i do n't even know wtf are bosnian and montenegrin though . 
  croatians like to joke that they can see the alps across the entirety of slovenia on a clear day , and they probably can . 
  i would like may/june weather to last the entire year . 
  i 'm realizing that winter makes me more depressed than i thought . 
  i honestly would n't miss it if it was gone forever . 
  summers are much better , but temperatures up to 40 \u00b0 c can quickly become unbearable . 
  is there a country where it 's always warm and sunny , but not over 30 \u00b0 c ? 
  that would be heaven for me . 
  i do n't see anything wrong with it . 
  the geneal consensus is that relaxed travel to a few places is better than a rushed travel to many places . 
  i just wish they 'd use the correct slovenian stereotypes , not the ones about russia . 
  ice hockey . 
  it 's easily my favorite sport to watch . 
  unfortunately it 's in a decline due to the lack of funds and poor management . 
  the only bright star is the national team which qualified for the olympics twice in a row , but that 's unlikely to last for long . 
  in an ideal world it would be , but i do n't think abolishing `` one country , one commissioner '' system would improve things . 
  imagine being a politician like j.c. juncker for example . 
  you can choose to appoint a less capable german , or a very capable estonian . 
  first option would bring you plenty of friends in berlin and the associated political power , while the second option would just give you a capable guy that you do n't necessarily need . 
  most politicians go for the first option in such cases . 
  choosing people based on merit rarely happens in politics in the first place . 
  slovenian diaspora mostly lives in ohio , but i 'd prefer oregon , washington or minnesota . 
  yugoslavia suffered hyperinflation in the 80 's , so people immediately converted their wages into german marks when they could . 
  when my parents when shopping for furniture they found a great closet that they could n't afford . 
  they went to another shop and found an identical closet for less than half the price . 
  they quickly bought it and hoped the shop would n't notice the old price tag . 
  goods like coffee , washing detergent , tropical fruits , western clothes and computers were unavailable or very expensive . 
  my mom went on regular smuggling trips to italy to buy clothes . 
  the border guards usually turned blind eye as long as it was for personal consumption . 
  my grandfather had to wait a couple of years to buy a car and then had to take a train to bosnia to pick it up . 
  the police state was in full effect . 
  my dad was stopped by the police four times on his ~ 2km walk home . 
  you hardly see any police on the streets today . 
  there were also increasing ethnic tensions and eventually yugoslavia took a turn for much worse in the '90s . 
  i sincerely hope that does n't happen to venezuela . 
  i certainly would n't mind more cooperation instead of the rivalries we have now . 
  maybe we could have our own v4 once all the countries enter the eu one day . 
  i doubt yugoslavia will ever be revived though . 
  it was a shaky project to begin with . 
  yugoslavs just do n't have much in common other than the language . 
  people experienced cultural shocks traveling from one republic to another , not to mention massive economic differences between the republics . 
  i think slovenia and croatia should be allowed to keep the [ shs ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/state_of_slovenes,_croats_and_serbs ) in 1918 , while serbia would stay macedonia and possibly bosnia . 
  but history took a different route ... 
  i 'm not sure . 
  try searching for `` basic slovenian phrases '' on youtube . 
  wow , that 's surprising to hear from someone from taiwan . 
  you seem like a knowledgeable person , which is probably why you do n't act like most tourists . 
  it 's a nice gesture to learn a few basic phrases of the country you 're visiting . 
  you can do the entire conversation in english and then end it by saying `` thank you '' in the local language for example . 
  slovenian is such a small language that nobody expects a tourist to speak it . 
  however , if you learn a few phrases , you 'll surely receive +10 opinion from the locals . 
  about two weeks before the election , you receive a letter inviting you to vote at the designated polling station , most commonly the local school . 
  you show your invite and your id to the voting commission and they stamp your ballot before handing it over to you . 
  then you sit at the ( tiny ) school table with a cardboard wall for privacy , mark your candidate ( s ) , and then throw the ballot into the ballot box as you leave . 
  nothing . 
  i 'm not religious , but i respect other people 's beliefs . 
  i do n't try to challenge their belief as long as they do n't challenge mine . 
  we had a referendum to enter the eu , so i imagine we would have one to leave it too . 
  nah , there 's a reason why places like australia or brazil separated from their european empires . 
  it 's hard to stay in touch with the problems of someone on the other side of the world . 
  would n't that more appropriately belong to belarus ? 
  either way , it 's a great move and a recommendation to anyone who dares to romanticize war . 
  [ kekec ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0043703/ ) , a children 's adventure about an alpine shepherd boy . 
  it 's dated and a bit cringy , but it 's a quintessentially slovenian movie to the point where other ex-yugoslav nations call us ` kekci ' . 
  not really . 
  the sports they show are either unpopular or already covered by the local stations . 
  the three the main roads leading into ljubljana are named after vienna , klagenfurt and trieste . 
  these roads led to each of those cities in the age before the motorways were built . 
  so if you wanted to go to trieste , you 'd take the trieste road ( tr\u017ea\u0161ka cesta ) .
