  he was never anti-eu , he just disagreed with the way it handled certain issues like the migrant crisis . 
  even the hungarian far-right party jobbik is now pro-eu , which is something you ca n't say about most of its western-european counterparts . 
   which do end up in the hands of isis indeed they do end in the hands of isis , but so do the us and german weapons . 
  this happens because isis looted them from either the iraqi army or some western supported group such as the kurds . 
  eastern europe did not sell weapons directly to isis . 
  and besides , this whole trade was organized and transported by the americans . 
  it 's a good way to get cheap and familiar weapons to the us-supported groups in the middle east . 
  did you read the quote you posted ? 
  it does n't say anything about selling weapons to isis . 
  you can see isis shooting with m16 's and riding on humvies , but that 's not because americans gave them to them , but because they looted half of the iraqi army . 
  same thing is happening with east european weapons . 
  google what dumping means . 
  i understand your stance on nato given your experience with it , but i sincerely hope you join the eu one day . 
  it 's mostly because nothing ever happens here and the media finally has something to talk about . 
  slovenia had a similar case as romania , but fell under ecb 's criticism for investigating it . 
  more about it : http://www.dw.com/en/slovenia-central-bank-confirms-investigation-of-governor-jazbec/a-19387208, 
  good thing you do n't have the euro , otherwise he 'd be protected by all sorts of immunities . 
  i do n't think anyone actually considers it a national flower , but it 's definitely a very common sight on peoples windows and balconies . 
  are you talking about private or public schools ? 
  i do n't think any religious education has a place in public schools . 
  even queen elizabeth is often seen wearing a headscarf . 
  it 's not an exclusively muslim thing . 
   green mp renate kuenast asking why police had killed the attacker rather then injuring him . 
  i would like to see her reaction when faced by a maniac with an axe . 
  i doubt injuring him would be her top priority . 
  they were still passing trough the country illegally , and there was a risk of immigrants staying stuck in macedonia . 
  good point . 
  i am conflicted about this . 
  on one hand i love seeing erdogan kicked out , but on the other hand this as undemocratic as it gets . 
  erdogan was elected into office , he is n't some brutal dictator . 
  vw is n't a monopolist in the car market , so this is n't really comparable . 
  business comes with people , it is n't some invisible force that moves from place to place . 
  you know what a single market is , right ? 
  it allows you do business in any member state as if it was your own , no limitations whatsoever . 
  now imagine a polish man who wishes to do business in the uk . 
  maybe he 's a ceo of a major company , or maybe he 's just a plumber , it does n't matter . 
  without the freedom of movement , this polish man may be denied entry in to the uk . 
  now you 're going to say that the uk will allow such people to come and do their business , but that still means he 'll have to go trough the immigration process , which is something his uk counterpart in poland wo n't have to do . 
  and what happens if this polish man becomes unemployed ? 
  will you just deport him ? 
  will poland be allowed to deport uk citizens for the same reason too ? 
  you ca n't have a proper single market without allowing people to do business wherever they want . 
  i hope you better understand why freedom of movement is such a vital part of the single market . 
  pretty much . 
  it 's bad , but improving . 
  paywalled . 
  well , maybe they do now , but in the beginning they used the slovenian one . 
  hehe , their biggest operator is owned by our telecom . 
  they do n't have their own calling code so they use the slovenian one ( +386 ) , which is probably why this happened . 
  who 's disliking eu integration ? 
  the east ? 
  so far , i have n't heard about any serious leave demands in eastern europe . 
  meanwhile , the west talks about nexit , frexit , grexit and the very real brexit . 
  and besides , this article is about nato , not eu . 
  where can i apply so i can post dank memes in the name of my country ? 
  i have no idea . 
  i know there were cases where they confiscated chinese food , but that was over health reasons so it makes sense to destroy it . 
  why ca n't they distribute it across schools and hospitals ? 
  i was about to say `` cannon rush '' , but then realized op was talking about a different kind of cheese . 
  what do those abstentions mean ? 
  you 're thinking about the wrong war . 
  i wrote a short description . 
  this chimney is part of a power plant near the mining town of trbovlje , slovenia . 
  at 360m it is the tallest chimney in europe and the tallest structure in slovenia . 
  it was built in 1976 in order to disperse air pollution more evenly and prevent it from concentrating in the narrow valley bellow . 
  the power plant has since been decommissioned , and the chimney is often used by adrenaline junkies for their stunts . 
  i 'm sorry about the misleading title , this is actually the tallest structure , not a building . 
  the tallest building in slovenia is the [ crystal palace in ljubljana ] ( http://i.imgur.com/j2zdr5s.jpg ) . 
  she lied about the appearance and the spoken language of the attackers . 
  maria theresa is the only one who comes close . 
  she 's known as the good empress who brought public education and the agriculture reform . 
  the unique building is a good representation of ljubljana 's old town , which is basically one large coffee house . 
  i suspect the uk will have a similar status as norway after brexit , which means you 'll keep most of your current rights including freedom of movement . 
  oluja did n't take place in bosnia m8 . 
  if you were reading comments under the news articles , then do n't do that . 
  it 's like youtube comments , it will lower your iq . 
  what 's a ` moscow home ' ? 
  i 'd be more concerned about that [ flag of indonesia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_indonesia ) . 
  some brexit campaigners have been mentioning 2020 - the year of you next election . 
  i do n't think eu will accept that . 
  according to the lisbon treaty , the uk and the eu have two years to negotiate the exit . 
  after that , an extension is possible if every member state agrees to it . 
  if they do n't , then all the agreements are automatically terminated . 
  i do n't think you 'd want that . 
  well , this thread turned to shit quickly . 
  member states still have to consent to let eu patrols into their country , but they 'll be punished if they fail to sufficiently control the border themselves and refuse eu 's help at the same time . 
  the punishment comes in the form of reintroduction of internal border controls with that country . 
  being in schengen gives a country certain rights , but it also comes with responsibilities . 
  one of those responsibilities is properly controlling your external borders and letting others help you when you ca n't do it yourself . 
   we are the people you see at the side of the highway when you drive from the netherlands to france or from germany to the uk . 
  it seems like belgium and slovenia have a lot in common . 
  hmm , what about ottoman arabs trading slaves from crimea and the balkans ? 
  did their ` culture ' destroy those regions too ? 
  at least economically , severing ties with russia was a really bad thing for ukraine . 
  russia was an established market for ukrainian goods , and production lines dating from the soviet times spanned across the border . 
  the thing is that ukraine could have easily kept all this after signing the eu accession agreement , but russian propaganda made it look like it could n't . 
  in the end ukraine really did have to sever ties with russia , but not because of the accession agreement , but because it got attacked by russia . 
  russia basically wanted ukraine just for itself and no one else . 
  very optimistic prediction , but at least it gives them a positive goal to work towards . 
  they did n't decide to destroy all ties with its largest trading partner because of euromaidan .
