  how many of those mig-29 's do you guys have ? 
  what is the state of serbian airforce ? 
  my house is n't on fire right now , so what am i paying for those firefighters for ? 
  the fact that there is n't any threat right now does n't ' mean that there wo n't be one in the future . 
  aircraft are much more effective than sam 's at controlling airspace for a variety of reasons . 
  i 'm all for increasing aid for africa , but africa needs to do some hard changes itself . 
  all the dictators and corrupt officials must go , otherwise the aid will just end up on offshore accounts . 
  eu expansion could be a good model for it . 
  countries can become members of this `` marshall plan '' only if they show a real commitment towards upholding the rule of law , human rights , and democracy . 
  i mostly agree , but i have one question : could an independent and neutral europe react any differently to the invasion of crimea , and if yes , how ? 
   finland and sweden are not in nato that wo n't matter in any kind of real war . 
  you should ask belgians about how neutrality helped them avoid past wars . 
  vagina, 
   so in slovak it 's no\u017enice . 
  oh god , that 's a terrible false-friend in slovenian . 
  do n't ask for scissors in slovenia , slovaks . 
  yes , but those political alignments do n't exist anymore . 
  if you want to make a political division then `` central '' makes sense , because it separates eu members like poland and hungary from non-eu members like ukraine and belarus . 
  it depends . 
  generally it is much easier to understand languages from the same ( south , east , or west slavic ) branch , than those from outside it . 
  and then there are cases of languages being practically the same , but separate for political reasons . 
  forget the law . 
  it 's a stupid and dangerous gamble and she lost it . 
  yes , it 's a sad news , but she made her choice . 
  maybe , although larger countries are usually split into states or provinces with the exact purpose to make things more manageable . 
  that was technically a replacement of an older , more polluting , power plant . 
  hydro has an important advantage over wind : storage . 
  with wind , you need expensive batteries to balance the load during peak and off-peak hours . 
  with hydro , you just open or close the dam . 
  i have no reason not to believe you . 
  i also know that the other side was just as bad with their public displays of beheaded conscripts and with the beslan school massacre . 
  however , i 'd expect a bit more professionalism from russia since it 's a sovereign state and a signatory of various human rights treaties . 
  i doubt anyone will ever come to justice though . 
  russia is a un security council member and is practically immune to these things . 
  yes , and people can also try to leave cities that are in the middle of a war . 
  i know i would . 
  i do n't know enough about the chechen war to know if there were people there or not , but the quote did n't mention them . 
  if the russians intentionally targeted civilians , then yes , it 's a war crime . 
  if not , then who cares , it 's just concrete . 
  yes , it 's fucked up morally , but you 'll have a hard time finding any moral wars , they 're all fucked up like that . 
  the quote does n't say anything about killing civilians , it just says that grozny was the most destroyed city on earth . 
  commieblocks do n't have human rights . 
  what are you referring to ? 
  the destruction of the city or the nasty trap that killed the chechen leadership ? 
  i do n't think any of these is a war crime . 
  transylvania in romania , yes . 
  bulgaria , no . 
  maybe your personal views are similar to those of the v4 , but our government feels differently . 
  v4 in recent years has been all about opposing the refugee quotas , while neither our nor the croatian government oppose them . 
   they did a real mess with handling the migrant crysis . 
  exactly . 
  and as a result austria , slovenia and the balkan countries acted on their own and basically ignored germany . 
  this was also the first time when we stared hearing about `` alliances '' between these countries . 
  all roads lead to ~ ~ rome ~ ~ ausfahrt . 
  if that 's the impression you got , than it 's wrong . 
  i was simply curious about czech and slovak perception of an era that is mostly forgotten by us slovenians . 
  thanks for the answer and have a nice holiday !, 
  yugoslavia and czechoslovakia were both created as a direct result of austria-hungary 's defeat in ww1 . 
  do you guys celebrate this day with a public holiday ? 
  i 'm asking because slovenians do n't celebrate anything related to the creation of the kingdom of yugoslavia . 
  partly because communists forced their own holidays after ww2 , and partly because yugoslavia does n't exist any more . 
  i think housework is essentially a hobby for some slovenians . 
  it certainly is for my grandparents . 
  grandpa makes sure that the house is always in tip-top shape , while grandma spends most of her time in the garden . 
  and just when you 'd think they would slow down because of age , they go ahead and buy a weekend house to take care of as well . 
  as a kid i have only seen parkelj in the form of weird sweets , given to me by my grandma , that did n't taste very good . 
  live version : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6j2s4ekr36a, 
  italians do n't learn their anthem in school ? 
  it could also be the \u00d8resund bridge between sweden and denmark , or any other bridge of similar style . 
  do you also feel the same about kosovo ? 
  should it stay independent because people there do n't wish to be ruled by serbia ? 
  true , redirect does n't mean stop , but from hungary 's point of view the fence did its job . 
   and nato is a military alliance not economic/political . 
  there is no reason why turks should n't be treated with certain level of contempt . 
  yeah , i know , but unlike turkey , serbia is n't in any kind of alliance with hungary . 
  they 're not exactly enemies either , but i find it strange that you would call them `` allies '' . 
  allies ? 
  so on which border would you consider fences to be acceptable then ? 
  greece-turkey ? 
  turkey is a nato member which is n't something you can say about serbia . 
  and you 're wrong about the fence stopping no one . 
  arrivals to hungary decreased dramatically , and migrants were forced to redirect trough slovenia & croatia . 
  i suggest you do n't visit just the capitals . 
  especially france and italy have much more to offer than just paris and rome . 
  temperatures around 0 will definitely require more than just a sweater . 
  i suggest you get a nice jacket and perhaps also a hat and some gloves . 
  it depends on how the split happens legally . 
  does scotland leave the uk or does the uk disintegrate into its constituent parts ? 
  for example , yugoslavia disintegrated and all the republics split up all the assets and dept of the federation . 
  it 's still an ongoing process that takes a lot of time and negotiations . 
  meanwhile , in the soviet union , all the republics technically seceded until it was only russia left . 
  this is why russia inherited all the nukes , a seat in the un security council , as well as lots of debt . 
  i still do n't know why . 
  i think germans have a slightly patronizing view of pretty much everyone else in europe . 
  they also do this in some rural regions of the balkans . 
  it was probably a common thing throughout europe in the past . 
  there 's more in the same article :  the case of veolia versus lithuania , where the former is claiming $ 100 million in damages after vilnius decided against renewing a contract with the french company . 
  it 's as if i you were sued by your mobile operator for not renewing your subscription . 
  this has to be stopped . 
  moving between eu states is n't like moving between us states .
