  i did n't expect such a nice old town center . 
  i like how there are orthodox and protestant ( ? ), 
  churches close by . 
  i just checked out tallinn on google street view and it looks better than expected . 
  will definitely consider visiting once i stop being poor . 
  it 's about justifying the austrian border fence to the austrian public . 
  they can go : `` look , there are terrorist camps in slovenia , building that fence was the right thing to do after all '' . 
  meanwhile , those `` terrorists '' came from austria which is why austrian newspaper knows about them in the first place . 
  yes , and we might get punished for it if austria and germany decide to start deporting . 
  i think those countries have more pressing concerns other than lack of foreign investment . 
  you ca n't fix every problem with money . 
  i 'll never forget my high-school physics teacher during the first day of school . 
  he was able to identify home valleys and sometimes villages of students just by the way the spoke . 
  resia is an extreme example . 
  it was very isolated from the rest of slovenia ... or anyone else really . 
  for example , standard slovene alphabet does n't have a `` w '' letter , but here you can see it used . 
  space x is competing with arianespace , not with esa . 
  our pm actually suggested helping macedonia on his recent visit to merkel . 
  ideally this would be dealt with in greece , but they keep denying help . 
  i 'm so sorry you had to see that . 
  sorry , you probably replied before i edited my post . 
  it definitely is more normal to do it with your relatives . 
  is greeting family with a kiss in the cheek wrong ? 
  is greeting strangers with a kiss in the cheek wrong ? 
  yes . 
  i just realized that all european country names end with an - a in slovene . 
  sounds like a reasonable man . 
  i 'd vote for him . 
  i hope they get arrested for disrupting state property . 
   if the outer borders registered immigrants as the dublin agreement orders , there would n't be a problem . 
  slovenia registers every single one of of them . 
  do we keep them here ? 
  fuck , no . 
  although this should already be done in greece as that 's where they entered schengen first . 
  i ca n't image first day of the year without listening to vienna concert while waiting for ski jumping to start . 
  of course it 's a money pit , it 's a research organization , not a business . 
  you 're comparing apples to oranges here . 
  i hope this means that roscosmos becomes better than ever before . 
  despite all negativity around russia , i 'm too much of a space nerd to wish them to fail in this field . 
  petty politics should stay away from space . 
  wishful thinking , i know . 
  venetians owned the coast for a while , so the english name probably comes from them . 
  the original name is crna gora which is feminine . 
  i 'm a bit surprised to see slovenia only second to last . 
  is there a reason for that ? 
  polish pylons seem almost camouflaged into the landscape , while lithuanian ones are highly visible . 
  because , again , we do n't need to be give brussels the authority over everything . 
  different nations have different views on weapons and we should let them . 
  i also do n't believe banning weapons would prevent major terrorist acts , but cracking down on smuggling might . 
  crimes committed with legally owned weapons are extremely rare . 
  instead of banning weapons , eu should focus on external border control to prevent smuggling . 
  that 's the field that desperately needs a common european responses . 
  thankfully , things are moving in the right direction lately . 
  there 's no reason to give eu the authority to ban weapons . 
  national governments can decide that for themselves . 
  it 's not a field that needs to be handled at the eu level . 
  these kinds of bans are n't even handled at the federal level in the us . 
  i do n't see why they would be in the eu . 
  all state funded schools should be neutral schools . 
  all religious schools should provide their own funding and follow state approved curriculum . 
  early middle ages , great migrations , christianization , etc. 
  it is n't eu 's responsibility to take care of every 3rd worlder out there . 
  un demands that all countries neighboring war zones accept refugees who 's lives are in immediate danger . 
  eu does n't border syria , turkey does . 
  they 've been dumping this problem on us since the beginning , and now we payed them to stop . 
  i agree that eu should be way more involved in helping countries that are hosting refugees ( turkey , lebanon , jordan ) , but that does n't justify turkey 's actions . 
  serbia used to have lots of `` historical alliances '' , but wasted them all when they went crazy in the '90s . 
  for example , back in ww1 , french army came to assist serbia when it was being helplessly invaded by the central powers . 
  something that can not be said about russia . 
  meanwhile , americans put serbian flag on the white house in support of serbia . 
  are these two nations any lesser `` historic allies '' than russia ? 
  i just wish you made an important decision like that on a referendum . 
  the public opinion seems a bit worrying . 
  but either way , congratulations , i 'm glad you joined us . 
  this . 
  afaik belgium even broke the world record of time spent without a functioning government . 
  unless you 're poor . 
  i 'd much rather be poor here in slovenia than in the us . 
  a popular definition of europe puts it borders at the ural mountains , caucasus mountains and the bosporus strait . 
  that puts chechnya and dagestan in europe because they are north of the caucasus mountains . 
  not sure how i feel about that . 
   but i concede that moving to the us would be objectively ridiculous . 
  that place is a barely developed shithole . 
  usa is a huge country . 
  quality of life there depends a lot on your location and personal income . 
  ljubljana is currently building its first mosque which will mostly serve our bosnian muslim immigrants . 
  i totally have no problem with that . 
  they 've been waiting for this for many decades and now it 's finally happening . 
  however , i became worried when is saw saudi and qatari donors at the founding ceremony . 
  the sad fact is that nor the local muslim community , nor the government can afford to finance this project . 
  now they invited these qataris who will undoubtedly force their own version of islam at the new mosque . 
  which happens to be something people tend to say before they blow themselves up . 
  the poll did n't cover slovenia though . 
  none of their business . 
  your nickname is ... interesting . 
  border crossing , at least in slovenia , is being done orderly . 
  they 're all taken to reception centers where they take their prints and you can bet that they also check for any weapons there . 
  it 's in the migrants best interest to follow this procedure . 
  it 's much easier to get registered and be taken by a train to austria than to sneak around forests avoiding police . 
  i would n't say `` many '' .
