  and they put on awesome shows , the atmosphere they create gives goosebumps , much better than waiving those foam finger shits . 
  and i rest my case . 
  it 's just a typo , they did n't break the line after liechtenstein, 
  by `` culture '' it 's meant more `` high culture '' , such as arts , academia and stuff . 
  for example lithuania certainly has no delusions about the exceptionalism of our arts . 
  americans do n't seem to have it also . 
  not that we do n't have other complexes, 
  well , they have brat , brat 2 , bumer , bumer 2 . 
  ok to be fair these are pretty good, 
   liechtenstein ; lithuania : tale of the kings ;, 
  and the other guy in this thread did n't get it , because it 's not a popular saying in the west . 
  i was explaining why this specific expression was used , because it was a pretty obvious a jab at russian cultural superiority complex . 
  edit : rereading the post , i do come of as combatitive and dismissive towards russians . 
  sorry for that , it 's just that it gets tedious to often listen to `` we built your factories , we brought you culture , we gave you opera , we saved you from zie germans '' . 
  other nations do n't bring it up in every other argument, 
  there is an arthouse/avantgarde movie with him called romance x. 
  it 's ... interesting actually . 
  he plays a gay man in it . 
  because their oblivious suburban living voter base does n't have to interact with the migrants . 
  it 's very popular in russia to view russian culture as superior to other , especially american culture . 
  especially popular among lower class people , who are not cultured themselves , but always babble about `` but our opera , our ballet , our dostoyevski !!! '' . 
  i heard from a few indians that this attitude is also prevalent in india , so maybe it 's a defense mechanism for `` great '' but poor nations . 
  how it relates to this - well it 's mighty embarrassing for a diplomat from such a cultured nation to act so uncultured . 
  im partial to the one popularised by vanagas on his [ dakar car ] ( https://s1.15min.lt/images/photos/2014/10/10/big/benediktas-vanagas-bando-toyota-hilux-5437eacd57ece.jpg ) the red color is too russian and the black represents our suicididness well , so it 's more fitting . 
  also looks cool as hell . 
   ( lithuania ) , where bigotry is something you 'd automatically expect if you 're not a 18-55 white heterosexual lithuanian christian male . 
  christian in stem in lithuania ? 
  your experience in lithuanian reality since emigration shines through . 
  that actually sounds pretty nice, 
  vilnius : - 1600-2500 euros/m2 for a complete package flat ( floors , walls , electricity , sanitation is aleady installed ) . 
  the closer to the oldtown the higher the price . 
  - typical flat size is ~ 45 m2 , so multiply accordingly . 
  - if you 're buying without anything installed ( you need to install floors , wiring , etc ) - 1200-2000 euros/m2, 
  this thread is proof enough that eastern europe is a slur to a lot of people here . 
  i too hope it will happen one day , but whining about it on every tangentially related occasion does n't really make us look all that good, 
  every thread will inevitably turn into a discussion on why us sucks and how much better is europe . 
  the word `` eastern '' is worse than hitler and stalin combined . 
  it 's a bit like the term redneck . 
  some people in us are extremely embarassed to be associated with them while others are like , yeah sure , i 'm a redneck and then others are like who gives a fuck, 
  stop listening to this bunch of idiots . 
  a lot of people there are quite proud of being eastern european , except for people who are likely to visit reddit, 
  everytime : `` omg , did you see a map in your life ?? 
  what map are you using to say these countries are in ee ? 
  reeee !!!, 
  clearly central , clearly nordic !!! '', 
  i dunno , maybe every single economic development and quality of life map of europe, 
   no i did n't . 
  i just pointed out that lithuanians are homophobic , not why . 
  no , to distill what you said was : `` you 're all homophobic , sexist , racist women beating basterds and you need to ascend to our enlightened level '' . 
   so there 's probably no point to further discuss it with you cool  the gap between people 's incomes is huge , the amount of poverty is huge we 're doing pretty well compared to the rest of the world . 
  we 'll catch up with you too , do n't worry . 
   the reasons for that can be anything at all and i was n't commenting on them you literally commented on it first . 
   it is covered by the law but clearly additional tools are needed to address the fact that gendered violence statistics in lithuania is excessive it 's been decreasing for 20 years , it will keep on decreasing . 
  the tools are education and reduction of alcoholism . 
  violance , of any kind or gender , is a symptom . 
   nothing is given for me because i do n't live in lithuania . 
  `` is a given '' is an expression that means you 're assuming that what you 're saying ( `` shit law '' ) is true . 
  i do n't agree with you . 
  honestly you sound like a cargo cultist . 
  implement those ornaments of rich nations and the riches will come . 
  a more observant person would notice , that those nations were rich before , the ornaments came later . 
   caring about race to the bottom of `` attracting foreign investors '' have you even read the changes ? 
  it 's literally enacting mandatory proto-unions , you should like it . 
   when social inequality is so huge what does that mean ? 
   and employees being abused in lower class jobs are you ok there in your paradise ? 
  should we send help ? 
   or did i somehow miss the civil partnership legalization when people like you are gon na realise that these things come with time , and trying to force it will just result in more people taking a stance that you will not like instead of gradually warming to the idea ? 
  it 's literally the first generation out of soviet union and everybody somehow has to make the same strides on progressivism in three decades that took western europe a century ? 
  instead of being smart about it you ca n't look past your ideology to achieve your goals . 
  sad . 
   istanbul convention 's ratification first hearing about it , checked what 's it about , everything is covered by our law as is . 
   and the shit of a labour law i see the `` shit '' part is a given for you ? 
  top notch discussion mate . 
  i 'm from lithuania too and it 's exagerated as fuck, 
  public image : corrupt , underpayed and stupid . 
  although the corruption aspect is being handled pretty well in the recent years , so now the image shifted to just `` poor '' . 
  seriously , after watching uk or us version of `` cops '' and then watching the lithuanian version is just so sad . 
  ours can barely string a sentence together . 
  i think that other guy is exagerating , i 've went on delfi.lv and can only make out maybe 20-30 %, 
  latvia is the monica of our gang, 
  so there is a grid maintainer and electricity provider . 
  which is the one that you can choose ? 
  like i doubt there are 20 power plants in your vicinity ? 
   and also choose between 20 , maybe 30 different power companies . 
  how does that work ? 
  are there several different powerlines comming to a neighborhood , and you choose which one to connect to your house ? 
  i 'm not really able to picture it, 
  honestly - i do n't get the love for metatron , his videos creep me out, 
  it is great !, 
  [ as in these things ] ( https://assets3.thrillist.com/v1/image/1579997/size/tmg-slideshow_l.jpg ) where an old waitress offers you free coffee refils and calls you honey , a place where you can just go get a quick cheap no frills food . 
  in lithuania it 's either expensive , too hip for it 's own good or complete shit . 
  lindybeige and matt easton, 
  cute , but in reality they exist to make money for owners , fiba and fifa . 
  do n't pay much attention to the sentiment here man , this subs knowledge about us is taken from trump memes and they think people there are literally starving on the streets with evil corporate capitalist overlords twirling their mustache over bodies of dead babies . 
  well yes , facebook is the most popular by sheer numbers , because back in the day literally only teens used the internet . 
  now my grandmother has facebook , while she have n't even touched a pc when one.lt was popular . 
  how old are you ? 
  one.lt was huge and older than facebook , pazintys.com which was basically a social network in the guise of a dating website , draugas.lt , ieskok.lt , klase.lt, 
  every country has it 's fair share of crackpots and uneducated idiots , it just seems that you have the most because everybody reads your news and watches your tv . 
  this is literally wishful thinking .
