  and this does n't apply to this song , it was glorious, 
  the prices did shot up a lot though, 
  you are exactly why these parties are gaining traction, 
  guys he 's being sarcastic, 
  never had a dirty uber with a smelly rude driver . 
  had plenty of taxis like that . 
  uber takes the ride no matter how short it is and does n't bitch about it . 
  taxis ignore you if they think your ride is not profitable enough or constantly bitch about it during the ride . 
  taxis drive like maniacs while ubers drive following the rules . 
  iirc / r/european had plenty of proof , look at their old posts . 
  just do n't read their other posts , it 's cancer . 
  so it 's not an insurmountable problem , just a lack of political will to reach an agreement with tobruk . 
  i would actually be for it . 
  a month ago i had a back and forth with some russians on this sub who just could n't get why i would say they have a cultural superiority complex . 
  a greek also chimed in saying greece has one too . 
  well check mate motherfuckers http://assets.pewresearch.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/11/2017/05/05161325/pf_17.05.10_centraleasterneurope_superiorculture420px.png, 
  well countries like ours are less conducive to solar since , you know , we do n't have sun for like 6 months . 
  i 'm sure we could reach an understanding with libya so they let us slap the ngo ships arround in their waters . 
  blast them with waterjets or something . 
  like greenpeace does to whaler ships . 
  where is this brainwashing comming from ? 
  i 'm not asking you , it 's more of a rhetorical question . 
  is this this the ugly head of post-modernist thought ? 
  ah yes , the famed soviet aqueducts , esteemed universities , friendly neighborhood kgb , non-existant crime and all those future plans for the greatest infrastructure, 
  there is more context to this guy in his other posts in this sub, 
  `` they brought us industry !!!, 
  they brought us culture !!! '' . 
  just shut up , in how many threads are you gon na be spouting your communist bullshit ? 
  plus ireland was lagging just as much as us . 
  look at them now . 
  but he sounds so sure of himself , how can he not know what he 's talking about ? 
  it 's a standard turn of phrase in russian, 
  they should allow this turkish vote in germany just to see the ideology of these voters . 
  no it was n't . 
  look at his username , you can see his ideology pretty clearly, 
  it astounds me how many people now think `` that if we could only try one more time , this time it will be different '' . 
  makes me sick to my stomach . 
  and this frequently comes from western redditors . . 
  merkel ai n't that bad . . 
  top notch argumentation here mate, 
  every thread is full of anti-uber people who prefer expensive , dishonest taxis and it 's uber who 's astroturfing, 
  for people who do n't want to read a book , there is an excellent interview with him on ruben report about all this stuff . 
  just youtube `` ruben report yanis '' . 
  how is he viewed in greece ? 
  as far as i understand he 's a well respected guy in academic circles and basically everything he said about greek crisis came true ? 
  now which one of us is sensitive here ? 
  russians and americans : do n't work with them in a professional manner . 
  french : fine , friendly , did n't notice them pushing french everywhere like others say . 
  work ethic could be a bit better british : top notch work ethic from every single one i had a chance to work with and they expect it from others . 
  did n't get any sense of arrogance edit : now that i think of it i do work with russians from russia and americans , but just a few people , far too little to have an impression, 
  having interacted with lots of germans on a professional level - yes they are fucking arrogant . 
  instead of educating me and others on these things you chose to be a smarmy asshole . 
  good job . 
  but the key difference here is that i can pick up a new prepaid phone whenever . 
  i can take the battery out of my phone whenever . 
  i can pretty reasonably survive without a phone in day to day life . 
  i ca n't survive without money . 
  language being mandatory in school and learning it is very different, 
  when readings constant comments in this sub about how good of an idea this is , i can only think that you know , maybe we do n't deserve all that liberty . 
  cause europe has never had any authoritarian leaning governments ever !, 
  give them total control over every single transaction we make , that 's gon na turn out great in the long run !, 
  this is perfect, 
  it 's because at least in lithuania russians are largely well integrated and there is very little economic and cultural divide . 
  except for when we get drunk together and `` putin stronk , we built your factories '' comes out , but we can disagree about it peacefully . 
  in the end there is very little differences now and making `` hate crimes '' against russians would mean making hate crimes agains your neighbors and friends . 
  sure there still are russians who do n't even speak lithuanian , but they are very old . 
  the extremely pro putin/russian imperialism is present among young russians here , but it 's usually based on education levels . 
  i think it 's diffent in latvia and estonia , because they have whole regions where russians are the majority . 
  while in lithuania they 're more spread out . 
  the good old `` i made some money in uk and still live with my parents , but look at my car ! '' . 
  and `` all of my income is illegal and tax collectors would rape my ass if i bought an expensive house '' . 
  and if this article was about norway , everybody would understand which type of pagans they meant, 
  yeah , but if there is a population of 400 million there is gon na be far more murders and thus harder to increase the percentage . 
  i worded it badly , but you know what i meant, 
  or the mongols, 
  malta has a population of a bit over 400k , 2 murders instead of 1 and it 's a 100 % increase, 
  yes , and alcoholic and in the timeframe of this data organised crime ran rampant . 
  it 's better now . 
  a bit . 
  i would like to see a breakdown of baltic homicides by type . 
  cause in lithuania `` a drunk son stabbed his drunk father during a drunk argument '' is almost a daily news item, 
  everybody understands what they mean by pagan , so the article makes total sense . 
  well the same color in this map represents a range of 20k euros . 
  so riga = / = france, 
  it 's not like other companies are not making electric cars, 
  sometimes i try to speak lithuanian to latvians and tell them to speak latvian in the hopes that we might understand each other . 
  ok , by sometimes i mean i tried it like 5 times , worked pretty well for very basic conversation, 
  hey , what did we ever do to you ? 
  maybe they were surveiling him and waiting to see what more comes of it , who knows . 
  first successfully impeached president in europe iirc . 
  achievement unlocked . 
  some new buildings in lithuania has regulations that if you want to `` glass up '' your balcony , you have to do it in a specific manner , so that in the end they still look ok . do n't know about how good the enforcement is though, 
  it 's a thing in eastern europe but in more modern flats . 
  those soviet style buildings are mostly inhabited by the old and the poor who resist any attempts at fees and then cry that they live in shitty conditions, 
   they have a hard-on for armed police ** everywhere ** anyways . 
  because of past terror attacks, 
  the buildings made in later decades , like in your first link , still abound post soviet countries and are fucking depressing to lool at . 
  there 's nothing redeeming about watching superhero movie at the cinema , and yet i like it, 
  me too , it 's awesome . 
  these things when they attack ordinary fans happen like once out of a thousand , 99.9 % of the time everybody who participate are in on it .
