   and which has a third world murder rate . 
  verifyably false, 
  i doubt about bomb attacks in mainland russia , but guerilla warfare against occupying soldiers for sure, 
  300mg/week of ambrosia, 
  shit , i messed up some facts writing stuff from memory . 
  basically : - schroeder is heavily criticised for being corrupt because he pushed through the original nord stream and immediatelly went to work for them , at the same time undercutting neighboring countries . 
  - current german leadership is being criticised for pushing to cancel south stream in name of european solidarity and then turning arround to build nord stream 2 without any other european countries, 
   i 've never even bothered trying cows ' milk by itself how is that even possible, 
  remember who was the biggest proponent of stoping south stream and opening nord stream ? 
  remember who later became the head of gazproms shareholder committee . 
  hint : it rhymes with the nemesis of ninja turtles . 
  plus fiats are bought by the truckload by citybee, 
  really think the average voter even know what encryption is ? 
   tourists in lithuania consumed alcohol how do they get this stat ? 
  just seems to me the statistics department is trying to massage some numbers . 
  you can legaly drink once you 're 18 , you just ca n't buy it . 
  so we got that goin for us ... which is still fucking stupid, 
  just fiy nobody calls english football fans ultras . 
  it 's usually hools , casuals or supporters . 
  i 'm not sure how they call themselves , but not ultras, 
  tried marx 's stuff for some 50 years , would not recommend . 
  wtf dude , it 's ryyyyyyyyyy, 
  camille paglia is the bomb , you should google about her, 
  what about esta applications ? 
   most of our alcoholics live deep in the countryside you should really visit the bad parts of the city sometimes, 
  that 's what we get for electing bible thumping , anti-science populists known as the greens , serves us well really . 
  well for a layman manslaughter and murder is probably the same thing , but it 's different for a judge, 
  in my view ( i 'm not a lawyer ) , defamation is tarnishing someones name with verifyably false information , while name calling is calling people names that are common in colloquial usage and they are obvisouly untrue or are unverifyable . 
  a person is obviously not a nazi , since nazi party is gone . 
  a person is obviously not a zionist trying to enslave the world with his jewishnes because that 's a conspiracy theory . 
  there is no agreed upon criteria what an idiot actually is , so you can not prove or disprove that someone is an idiot . 
  therefore you can call anybody you want those names . 
  i guess it depends on what you are accustomed to . 
  i only use local tomato sauces that are usually sold in a jar and does n't use many other ingredients apart from tomatoes and tastes completely different from heinz, 
  me too , other supermarkets in lithuania are very nice compared to lidl, 
  i consider the fb post , for which that person was fines , name calling, 
  cheap prices . 
  groceries in lithuania are relatively very expensive . 
  lidl promised them cheap, 
  i think calling people names should be legal , especially liking posts where other people call someone names . 
  i think you 're being sarcastic , but that 's what i meant - it 's a small shop , but somehow people blew their gaskets over it, 
  hence cheap, 
  cheap, 
  cheap stuff, 
  so john junior ? 
  i 've got no idea , but there was probably a sale of some sorts, 
   i do n't think poland is cheaper than lithuania when the average wage in poland is higher . 
   food is cheaper , as i said , and lithuanians go there to buy it . 
  yeah ? 
  good thing we have the internet and you can check : http://www.financialobserver.eu/poland/many-lithuanians-prefer-to-shop-in-poland/, 
  well we are, 
  except prices are literally lower in poland than in lithuania, 
  you 'll hear as many opinions as there are people , but for me personaly it 's just super low quality . 
  people talk how `` food is the same as other brands , just different packaging '' , but i literally have n't found a single item that is not inferior to a bit more expensive counterparts in other stores . 
  for example their prepackadged meats for grilling tastes as if marinade consists of 50 % salt . 
  it entered lithuania recently . 
  the ammount of hype it received during the opening you 'd think they were giving away gold bars . 
  i 'm not sure this is the curve you want to be ahead, 
  / r/economics is to / r/askeconomics as / r/history is to / r/askhistorians / gaming / to / games / , etc, 
  you ca n't be racist against white people , silly , something something prejudice + power something, 
  was there even a question after ww1 about this ? 
   it was just an illegal airsoft game what the fuck is an illegal airsoft game ? 
  i have to have a special license to go play airsoft with my buddies ? 
  i swear to you not everyone is so pigheaded about the 2 % as these guys replying to you . 
  the problem is that russia would stop after taking us and westerners would be like : we 'll put sanctions on them , that 'll show them, 
  i swear to you i 've met people like that irl . 
  he 's not taking the piss . 
  when you talk to them you can see that their eyes are sort of dead and burning with hatred at the same time , really scary , like those muslims who stone people , but christian . 
  `` croatians '', 
  if he does n't look muslim he should be fine , people in ee do n't seem to be negative towards indians . 
  i 'm 30 , have n't lived with my parents for 12 years , but i 'm still officially registered at their place , so are most of my friends who do n't own their own flats . 
  a direct translation for those wondering : `` suck a dick rooster balls , head '' . 
  that 's a nonexistant saying in lithuania , you 're supposed to mix and match those words but they do n't make sense all together, 
  that 's not what i was talking about . 
  i 'm talking about the difference between german and russian soldiers in how they acted towards general population . 
  one side was civilised people who did n't harrass the locals , while another went through raping and pillaging . 
  of course i know about the ammount each side killed , but there was a huge difference in how they interacted with those who they did n't kill . 
  and everybody is acting like it either nazis or soviets end of story . 
  soviets did n't have to stay . 
  americans did n't occupy france after going through it to reach germany . 
  the numbers that you posted for `` being set free '' were deportees to siberia . 
  that number did n't include people sent to gulags, 
  imagine our national basketball teams combined . 
  well i do n't know if we have higher bullying rates than other ee countries , who do n't seem to do that bad on suicide rates, 
   so give us the numbers of those lithuanians that were killed in camps and gulags . 
  i ca n't find a quick breakdown of how many people of each nation died in gulags , but you can read about conditions and death rates en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gulag if you think that 's perfectly fine and does n't count as a crime against humanity comparable to holocaust , then . . well mods already threatened to ban me , so i 'll refrain, 
  ohh , so leaving people to starve in siberia and putting them in concentration camps to , again , starve an be worked to death , does n't count as killing ? 
  done, 
  alcoholism , joblessness , even having a job does n't really mean you can live in dignity , depressing weather for half a year , sorta normalisation of suicide since other people are doing it = high suicide rate, 
  nobody here has got any idea what the fuck they 're talking about and do n't realize the sheer difference in how german occupants acted in baltics compared to russian occupants . 
  take notice people , this is what the average russian in russia thinks, 
  [ jews killed in lithuania under nazi occupation : 195,000 to 196,000 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_holocaust_in_lithuania ) [ lithuanians deported to siberia under soviet occupation : 130,000 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_deportations_from_lithuania ) [ lithuanian partisans killed : 30,000 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lithuanian_partisans ) [ lithuanian political prisoners and partisans deported to gulags : 150,000 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_deportations_from_lithuania ) i 'm kinda lazy to find all the casualties by nkvd soooo  comparing nazi occupation with soviet occupation is a spat on the face of the holocaust . 
  you can compare it , ca n't you ? 
  and that 's probably because retailers have smaller markets in ee countries so they have to make bigger margins . 
  i 'm fairly certain you can , for free ifuknowwhatimean, 
  context ? 
  it looks like a hospital, 
  whining about shit is a life thing, 
  and the clown in lithuania . 
  but kobra 11 for sure the most popular the helicopter one was medicopter,
