well it looks like the point wo n't be driving anywhere, 
  how many if these uber banned in italy posts will we have ? 
   so yeah chances are the persecution will focus on those that oppose him , while gays that support the regime will know not to advertise their tastes and keep supporting the regime or else . 
  this sorta implies that those religious leaders and media personalities are actually gay . 
  i think op is implying that they are not . 
  cause really , i doubt there are openly gay religious leaders and media personalities in chechnya, 
   none of the better service uber provides , from driver ratings to gps route tracking and app payment , necessitates pretending they 're above the law . 
  that better service from uber comes precisely from the efact that law removes incentives from taxis to provide great service . 
  if you want good service - change the law . 
  and since you 're probably not a legislator , voting with your wallet for uber will probably be enough . 
  i 'm astounded by people like you who actually want worse service and higher prices, 
  if you think poland is very conservative due to catholicism you should see the ammount of porn that was sold in all the shops next to normal magazines before the internet . 
  like in you go into a shop to buy your tv guide and right there next to it are like 50 diffeereent hardcore porn mags, 
  map says lone parent , not lone mother, 
  if they do n't divorce that it still counts as full family . 
  plus i think women emigrate more than men, 
  this is what actual russians think, 
  i was goin waaaayyyyy before, 
  and before that it was a volcabo probably, 
  and before that it was lithuania, 
  at least we 'll have a link when a month later there is another attack in europe and some russian will be running his mouth about `` where were your condolences for us ??? '', 
  maybe there is some points in the charter that would give too much rights for russian language . 
  idk . 
  probably similar to why we do n't allow double citizenship . 
  and neighbors who have problems with keeping their soldiers from crossing the borders for a vacation, 
   ( ironically with surnames like nikolaidis and patsoglou ) what 's the significance here ? 
  exactly the experience i had with erasmus students in my university in lithuania , especially turks . 
  on the other hand most of lithuanians that i know who went on erasmus were extremely annoying , albeit in a different way , people too . 
  this article just mentions that merkel urged bulgaria `` to start new talks '' when the project was already cancelled due to eu pressure . 
  you were n't . 
  thats the whole point of peoples butthurt over nordstream, 
   for instance , the fact that our poor live better than anywhere else in the world you mean just western europe right ? 
  my pov - if a country/ethnic group is being occupied by another country , the occupied country is free to terrorize the occupying country . 
  see kurds , chechens , irish , basques etc, 
  multiculturalism . 
  globalism is fine , how else i 'm gon na get my cheap phones and cheap cars ? 
  i would view them as `` better '' in a sense , since they had clear goals and a clear enemy . 
  similar to chechens in russia . 
  wtf is with all the poor countries thinking ikea is quality furniture ? 
  everybody in lithuania also thinks that ikea is the best shit possible, 
  same in lithuania . 
   krzy\u017cacy - teutons simply crusaders , no ? 
  he specifically mentioned lithuanians, 
  i think there is a prevailing opinion that if you marry a jew ( like a religious one ) you must convert to their faith . 
  so people probably do n't want their kids to become of another faith . 
  i 've been to poland multiple times and have never had any problems with my interactions with poles, 
  americans of any race usually have a pretty peculiar way of dressing for us europeans , so it 's easy to tell them apart . 
  of course that 's confirmation bias , but a lot of them still stand out, 
  yes , but that 's sorta nor here nor there , nobles in all countries were always chasing more prestigious cultures ( russia and french culture for example ) . 
  i 'm just happy that you read enough and are outraged enough for all of us . 
  good for you !, 
  go to eurostat ( or however it 's called ) , find any demographic , economic stats and the reality is pretty clear . 
  those crying about how they 're actually central or north are just that - crybabies, 
  nah , balts are just heavy weights at drinking , we need more alcohol for the same effect, 
  the `` average size of farms '' is kinda meaningless measure here . 
  but still , what 's the definition of organic here ? 
  are those `` few '' years actually twenty ? 
  well that 's the thing : they say something now that is basically meaningless , but people read the headlines now and think `` oh they 're saving the environment , how cool '' and brownie points are scored . 
  in other words : this a political decision to score political brownie points and not to save the environment, 
  thus i do n't see the point in banning them . 
  no it 's not , come to vilnius or kaunas , there 's literally hundreds of similar buildings crumbling outside of the popular streets of their old towns . 
  plus there are hundreds houses of this style in lots of europeans old towns . 
  they 're frequently a pain in the ass as accurate restauration costs a ton , so they just stand there crumbling because it 's often not allowed to demolish them . 
  it 's a side effect of a cheap chainsaw . 
  finger cut protection on power tools works instantly and is not based on gunking up the mechanism , but on running an electrical current along the blade which trips the safety on contact with something fleshy , because fleshy things are more conductive than wood . 
  but that 's for table saws , chainsaws do n't have such features because they operate in different conditions . 
  maybe that 's what they taught you in spy school . 
  every true lithuanian knows vilnius is in portugal . 
  get him boys, 
  yeah , we get that . 
  why is it noteworthy ? 
  this map correlates pretty well with average [ height map ] ( https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/-jnxzviz2yfy/u-t7vaqc_ji/aaaaaaaabls/n_aae2myfp8/w350-h342-no/euro_stature_small.png ) drink your milk kids if you wan na grow up hyyyyoooge, 
  1l per week ? 
  you sure you 're lithuanian ? 
  quick , who 's the brother , who 's the enemy , in which country is vilnius located ? 
  i feel like people are throwing out terms here willynilly and missunderstanding abound . 
  [ creative problem solving ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/creative_problem-solving ) is a term with an actual definition . 
  when someone says `` doctor '' , what comes to my mind is a general practitioner , dermatologist , pediatrician , that sort of thing . 
  these are not professions that require creative problem solving . 
  do they solve problems ? 
  yes . 
  do they have to think in their job ? 
  yes . 
  do they have to be smart ? 
  yes . 
  but by and large they 're using a constantly expanding body of knowledge to solve known problems . 
  curious house m.d. 
  like cases are probably one in a thousand . 
  knowing how to cleverly talk to a patient is not creative problem solving . 
  having to try a few different treatments is not creative problems solving . 
  the vast majority of doctors work is mundane . 
  most dermatologists write prescriptions for rashes and zip away moles with lasers all day and make bank doing it . 
  when someone says `` engineer '' in reference to computers , what comes to my mind is a high level developer who 's job by definition is creative problem solving , a systems architect , etc. 
  they 're using a constantly expanding body of knowledge to solve unknown issues and ever changing problems . 
  if someone is baking basic one page websites one after another - no one calls him an engineer . 
  you know damn right he ca n't back up those claims , because this is not an academic round table discussion . 
  people want to say things that they feel and experience while they usually do n't keep journal articles at hand to prove any claim they make . 
  individual experiences are always biased and subjective . 
  if you just accept that you both could learn from each other . 
   maybe men today are just unmotivated and do n't have their goals set straight .
