i actually had fairly serious plans of moving to moscow or st. petersburg to learn russian for a year , the ukrainian conflict especially completely changed my perception on this . 
  funnily enough though i 've been hearing a lot of other europeans criticise the brits along the lines of they 're leaving their european values and trying to be more like the us , so there is something to be said for that . 
  ehh , it varies actually . 
  if you 've been interacting with erasmus uni students then you 've probably been fortunate enough to selectively come across the more adventurous and open minded sorts of people . 
  for me though living out in the east of england i regularly come across more insular , inward-looking young folk than i do the opposite . 
  not quite ukip supporters or daily mail reading by any means but would n't bat an eyelid either if the uk decided to leave the eu . 
  yea in that case maybe i misread your comments , apologies . 
  i 've been following the conflict quite closely since it 's heyday and following ukrainian public and state opinion . 
  the consensus at the time of the maidan seemed to be more about finding a mid-point between russia and the eu , sure some of the most active members of the maidan wanted to distance themselves from russia altogether but the average member of the public would have been quite against it at the time . 
  russia was in no danger of losing its crimean naval base , on the other hand the crimea annexation did cause a major shift in public opinion against russia . 
  anyways i 'm not accusing you of being a putin apologist , do n't worry , just describing a topic i 've been quite fascinated by . 
  as for ukraine joining nato now , russia already has nato allies surrounding it in the baltics and poland , from a geostrategic point of view i 'm not convinced ukraine would make it much worse . 
  in general i 'm not very convinced by the geopolitical explanations for russia 's actions . 
  when you said :  polls like these are why russia invaded in the first place , seriously . 
  it sounded a bit like you were mixing up cause and effect . 
  russia did n't invade because ukraine intended to join nato ( even at the maidan 's peak nato membership was never on the agenda ) but after russia 's military intervention nato membership did become a pretty mainstream proposal . 
  maybe i misunderstood you ? 
  i do n't see any hypocrisy here as there 's no real racism behind his comment . 
  you think that people wo n't be supportive of ukraine joining nato after russia invaded them ? 
  really ? 
  na , in this case it 's a statement of fact source : 7 years living in the uk, 
  i definitely agree it is , i just do n't want us to sink to their levels of argument . 
  you know how we 're always accusing russians of whataboutism ? 
  you 're doing the exact same thing . 
  exactly this , and at the moment it would n't even have to be that elaborate , just a single filter for refugee/migrant news would make a world of difference on here . 
  what 's stopping the mods from putting in filters like those in / r/worldnews ? 
  people could select what content they want to see or not see and everyone would be happy . 
  am i missing something here ? 
  just like every single english expat i 've ever met adopts the culture of their host country ? 
  ( hint : they do n't ), 
  who the fuck builds a stonehenge ? 
  that is called [ whataboutism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/whataboutism ) and is not worthy of my reply . 
  why the fuck does one countries ' human rights violations justify another 's ? 
  that just makes me think of this : https://imgur.com/dubuatg, 
  remind me again what happened to his popularity after the annexation of crimea ? 
  i imagine that people with more marginal and controversial political viewpoints are more likely to go on the internet to discuss their opinions , hence we get a disproportionate amount of those posters on this sub . 
  i think he 's talking about the new populist right wing parties , most of them are heavily eurosceptic . 
   just because a law exists does n't mean it 's a good law . 
  wait , are you saying that having limits on presidential terms is not a good law to have around ? 
  you can not possibly compare labour being in power to a party that has already started undermining democratic processes as soon as it was elected , by 2019 it could well be too late to get rid of them through electoral elections alone . 
  after spending a few months here , i can not see any possible way this could happen . 
  in georgia the military campaign was very brief , in ukraine the campaign in the donbas has been long and bloody and people are brimming with anger and resentment over the loss of lives , not to mention that putin 's anti-ukrainian rhetoric has done everything to alienate the common citizen who previously would have had no opinion about the matter . 
  after everything that has happened , most people would rather endure present economic circumstances than be back under putin 's thumb . 
  thank you , this sub has become unreadable lately and i was looking for something like this . 
  just a shame the discussions are much smaller . 
  which subreddit ? 
  the whataboutism is strong here . 
  ugh , because he posted a thread asking for travel advice , quite simple . 
  he really is n't , assad is the reason for a lot of this instability in the first place , after years of heavy fighting i really doubt large swathes of the country that have been in constant resistance to him will suddenly decide to just bend over to him . 
  it 's not that simple , for heavy industry to be viable the furnaces have to be operating non-stop , once they cool down they start cracking and the cost of repairing can end up being higher than setting up an entire new factory . 
  at this point most of the factories in the east have stopped operating since the start of the war 1.5 years ago . 
  at the moment eastern ukraine is an economic sinkhole for whoever gains control of it . 
  it 's not about romanticising anything , i just do n't think it 's in our place to say what 's right or wrong for him when we know next to nothing about what his personal situation or circumstances are like . 
  because his question was n't `` what should i spend my inheritance on ? 
  '' , he was asking us europeans for travel advice in europe , which i think is quite reasonable . 
  your moralising alternative is irrelevant and makes you come off as a bit of a dick . 
  if you want to travel on a budget i 'd say to avoid western/northern europe , you can always come back to these places when you 're older and better financed . 
  on the other hand central and eastern europe has loads to offer which is slightly more off the beaten track , and the costs of living can be up to a third of what it is in the west . 
  as for work , workaway 's worked well for me and has saved me loads on travel before . 
  and finally , rome2rio does n't always have the cheapest transport options so also look into budget bus companies ( they will vary depending on the country ) or even consider giving something like hitchhiking a try . 
  if you 're in the right countries and are a bit savvy with your expenditures i think 11,000 euros could be more than enough for a year 's travel . 
  best of luck !, 
  wow til !, 
  wow , just reading over the top answers in this thread , what the hell is up with people unable to to carry out a simple entertaining conversation and instead leap for the chance to make value judgements on op ? 
  seems a bit petty . 
  i guess because none of those countries have train lines directly interconnected with the central european networks ? 
  iirc even though it 's technically possible to take a train straight from warsaw to kiev in reality you have to wait at the border while the train carriage is transferred to a different rail gauge , while the trains in the baltic states do n't even connect to poland . 
  `` good reasons '' can always be manufactured to suit whatever agenda is needed , a clever spin doctor would find a way to make attacking the baltic states to be `` defending its own interests '' . 
  they are still part of the eu , and any attack on an eu member state would drag in the big powers in the bloc . 
  although admittedly this also applies to the baltic countries . 
  mmm , so sensual , 
  the so called `` international observers '' were members of far right , anti-semitic european parties that were specifically invited by russia , no one in their right mind would call the referendum impartial , especially since it took place two weeks under a full foreign military occupation ( which of course putin denied at first but has since changed his narrative and admits it freely , which should speak volumes about donbas . ), 
  how is this any different to me sayng that iraq 's invasion was justified because after its occupation they elected a pro us president ? 
  as for the serbo-bosnia war , i travelled quite a bit in both countries and spoke to people from both sides about their experiences , maybe the foot soldiers were mainly from republica srbska but the majority of the heavy weaponry , high personnel , and organisation was being provided by serbia . 
  if it is the same as you say then it 's quite obvious that putin is orchestrating everything just as milosevic orchestrated the vrs . 
  and lastly , do you remember when the initial militias came up in kharkiv and attempted to take over the city hall only to find out it was actually the opera and ballet theatre ? 
  yup , really sounds like common sense that they were born there . 
  do you have citations for all your claims that are n't russian state-run media channels ? 
  and as i mentioned , being against the russian state does not equal being against the russian people , claiming otherwise is infantile victimhood . 
  but i suspect we will find nothing to agree on here and it 's better to simply move on . 
  firstly , wrong sub . 
  secondly , til being against russia 's foreign policy makes you a russophobe just like being against the iraq war makes you an americanophobe . 
   to change eu immigration , which lately includes open borders with most of the middle east wtf are you on about ? 
  that 's not how any of this works . 
  in addition to the ones already mentioned , try / r/neutralnews / , it 's a bit newer but tends to have pretty good discussions . 
  for people living on the streets it is n't some kind of lifestyle choice , it 's a disease , and taking advantage of that is disgusting . 
  do n't forget the armenian genocide . 
   threatening the uk has n't traditionally worked too well historically , ah yes , the ghost of english nationalism is well and truly alive . 
  * britania rule the waves !, 
  yes , ukraine needs to go through a truth and reconciliation process like germany and face up to their history , i am not arguing that . 
  due to political and historical circumstances this has not happened , yet . 
  what i am arguing is that it is unacceptable to show hostility towards an entire group of people for the crimes of their forefathers ,, 
  i strongly believe in recognition and accountability over the armenian genocide , but this should * never * in any case be used as an excuse to show hostility towards an entire group of people that live many generations after the historical facts . 
  if i meet a turkish immigrant who denies the armenian genocide i will argue in the strongest possible terms why he thinks that way and if he refuses to change his mind out of pure nationalism i will feel negatively towards that one specific person . 
  but i will not go around claiming all turks to be bad people and make them feel unwelcome as a result . 
  or are you the kind of person that constantly reminds germans of the crimes of the nazis and graffitis swastikas on german licence plates ? 
  and the irony when these far right poles get butthurt over discrimination in england but do the same to everyone else in their own country . 
  the donations are largely driven by local people , for a small city the size of norwich # 21,000 is quite a lot . 
  a lot of parts of it are , the uk is not just london . 
  source : been to many shitholes in the uk,
