the reform you speak of was industry heavy countries telling less wealthier ones to build stuff , whatever it could be , however useless , build , and focus on services . 
  that is what made it biblical , because it made them depend on you . 
  in portuguese is `` arroba '' which equates to roughly 15 kilograms . 
  you are neglecting the inflation that devaluation will provoke . 
  that is still to be expected in the us . 
  btw , when you say `` dysfunctional south '' keep in mind you 've been living from it , regardless of what we did wrong . 
  giving back monetary policy will make most countries crumble . 
  there is no downwards cycle . 
  there are points of stability . 
  the only things that compare to a downwards cycle is war and the zenon dichotomy . 
  for portugal there is a simple solution : reinstate heavy industries and agriculture . 
  portugal lacks nacional brands . 
  the ones that exist are around due to unfair benefits , not to mention they add little to the real economy , as most of them deal with non-transactionable goods . 
  for now , a raise of the minimum wage to 500 or 520 euros would do nicely , since this could allow a raise in consumption and/or savings . 
  i can accept why it did n't go so well for the euro until now : bigger euro countries did n't care for the eu for the last 10 years , most european industries exported within europe ( example is buying a car . 
  for that you ask for a loan that your bank will end up getting it from a german bank ) , destruction of small agricultural explorations , dependace of services . 
  at the end , i 'd say we still do n't know how to choose our politicians . 
  indeed . 
  besides , claiming breach of trade laws seems rather farfetched . 
  not to mention this whole clusterfuck started with banks buying ratings to sell credits and more complex products , namely credit swaps and interest speculation . 
  economy nobel prize is a very very questionable nobel prize . 
  yeah , he said a butload of innaccurate stuff about the eurozone when everyone was puzzled by what was happening , almost making me belive he took a huge bet on the euro ending . 
  let 's say you want stability . 
  maybe you do . 
  i agree it is what a trader wants above all : trust and stability . 
  however , how will you achieve such thing next door when you neighbor a divided country ( that , given your history lesson , probably should n't be just one ) sitting by and `` not interfere '' ? 
  let 's say we buy into the eu or russia dichotomy . 
  do people really have to chose one ? 
  why ca n't they chose both ? 
  if you are so concerned about the internal politics of ukraine , for your own sake , why not open your bureaucratic ways to your `` competitors '' and give way to a plausible resolution ? 
  why would you do nothing while recognising the government is corrupt ? 
  why would all of ukraine just simply go along with russia when russia itself can be a questionable example of legitimate politics ? 
  do you belive that a boxer ca n't be a good leader ? 
  why would you keep a `` corrupt '' one in power , when you know he will do anything ( just like assad ) to stay in power ? 
  the exact same one that leaves timochenko imprisoned . 
  there is no revolution . 
  there was no change . 
  whatever happens with ukraine right now will not make ammends for the hole you have allowed ukraine to dig upon itself . 
  be russia of eu , ukraine will need decades of foreign control , as unfortunate it may sound , if you want that stability you so desire . 
  either way , look at the people . 
  the country is miserable . 
  the solution , for them , is , obviously , as easy as it sounds . 
  i agree the change will come from within , but not with lending money or making those shady gas deals the rest of europe is tired of hearing about . 
  by the way , there is violence because people are getting desperate , and you let the clock tick long enough . 
  the catch is that uber is not being subject to public transportation laws/taxes . 
  regardless , violence does n't make it right . 
  so ... i ca n't trust the people i vote for ? 
  posted by a russian flair to a russian link . 
  i call conspiracy . 
  neither is fascism and authoritarianism , but there never was an example of non-authoritarian comunist or fascist rule , so your observation is meaningless . 
  regardless , decisions from the pcp are always unanimous and each different voice within the party is easily cast out . 
  plenty of funny examples to go around , most of them are in the be , for example . 
  a majority that was formed naturaly , with no threats of dissolving parliament and with the winning party already near absolute majoity . 
  currently , there is no left-wing coalition . 
  merely talks and intentions that are not clear to the population . 
  it would n't because the programs and ideologies are completely different . 
  there were 2 weeks of talks and they have nothing to present . 
  there was no 3-headed meeting , only 2 bilateral negotiations ( ps-be and ps-pcp ) . 
  the left wing has little more than an understanding to not allow a right-wing government . 
  there has n't to exist absolute majority in parliament , that is why most voters are expecting comprimise of the ps to control the 38,6 % majority , not bundle up with completely different ideals to bring down said 38,6 % ( the actual majority ) . 
  there is , it just ca n't make political decisions ... 
  so , you argue 38 % of the voters that made it the most voted program , are supporters of a dictatorship ? 
  do you agree with the consequenses of leaving the eu as we are now ? 
  do you support the famous `` reforma agr\u00e1ria '' ? 
  do you actually think you can maintain public services as we have them with low taxes ? 
  if you answered yes , you are either wrongly informed or living in some kind of wonderland , because there is a lot to do in the next 30 years , especially what was n't done in the previous 30 . 
  yes but you also know there currently there is no left wing coalition , besides agreeing on not having the right-wing coalition as government . 
  not as demented as m\u00e1rio soares . 
  unfortunately his wife had to die so he could give less thoughtless opinions to the public . 
  there is a lot to say about this decision , which i support . 
  noone in the socialist party ( ps ) dared ask for support to the comunists ( pcp ) ( and yes , i ask myself how people abominate fascism and the like , but comunism is perfectly acceptable ) since the program the pcp presents every election is pretty much the same , ideas that promote isolation of portugal . 
  their mo is very known to be anti-everything . 
  the other 10 % party ( be ) is mainly formed by dissidents of the pcp . 
  to the eyes of reality , there is no agreement to present by these 3 parties . 
  they mostly presented rather different , and even mutually exclusive ideas to the election and , up to the day the president made the speech there was nothing besides a winning coalition and 3 smaller parties that can only agree to bring down the most voted coalition , precisely because ps+pcp+be is n't a coalition , and the basis for such either looks too unstable or every party involved will favor choices that hurt their base . 
  basically , the voters said the coalition ( psd+cds / pp ) `` you can rule but not with a blanc card '' , probably hoping the ps to make the role of arbiter in the parliament . 
  then , the president made the linear choice to give the coalition the power to form government . 
  all in all , it 's the ps 's responsibility of what happens now , since the be and pcp are never considered , even by the 80 % population that voted , responsible political decisors . 
  let me remind you of two other details : the ps had a devastating result in 2011 ( ~ 28 % ) and now got ~ 30 % , due to the growth of the be and pcp ( that i strongly agree are far/extreme left ) . 
  basically , the coalition lost some moderate voters to the ps , which in turn lost them to the be ( because the pcp basically got the same result it always gets ) . 
  costa is a fairly well known politican . 
  we was part of government with a now under-investigation-former-prime-minister , and left rather early due to internal political tension . 
  he won 3 consecutive mandates for mayor in lisbon but he basically did n't even warm his seat for the 3rd mandate because the party considered it was n't doing well enough against the coalition . 
  jos\u00e9 seguro ( then leader of the ps ) as basically removed by force ( there was plenty of democratic voting but the result was set as soon as costa said he was aiming for secretary-general ) . 
  personally ( if such info interests reddit ) , i would never vote for costa . 
  he has nothing more than charisma and negotial power . 
  very important in politics , but he does n't feel to show content , much like the former prime minister , jos\u00e9 s\u00f3crates . 
  the ps presented an economic plan with the conclusion , by waving a 2 point something % gdp growth by 2018 . 
  of course , everyone 's life would be easier if they won the lottery . 
  infortunatey , the plan is well known , which involves raising internal consumption , which will take us again to what we were in 2005-2011 , a debt-consuming nation with little exportable goods . 
  the managing governmen will be the same that ruled before , in principle . 
  it simply can not approve new laws in ministry reunions or propose laws to the parliament , since there is none . 
  there can also be a government of the president 's iniciative , but that will be a long shot . 
  this is trully sauvage ... 
  johnny english still not irish . 
  i can see a company like jaguar-landrover evaporating in the european market in the near future ... 
  the eu could also ban the trade of tobacco for being a public healthcare issue . 
  inb4 ttip sets in . 
  eu smash ( with money ) !, 
  the koreas still are in war , technically .
