then why do we have ghanese refugees here ? 
  the frans were from the netherlands and belgium actually , they conquered france and a big part of europe . 
  old franconian = old dutch . 
  the frans were from the netherlands and belgium actually , they conquered france and a big part of europe . 
  old franconian = old dutch . 
  we dutch people do n't look up to anybody . 
  just stay out of / r netherlands and you 're fine . 
  you belgians must really enjoy drinking `` piss '' , because you like it better than your own pilsners : http://reclamewereld.blog.nl/inhakersactueel/2011/10/04/pintje-heineken-pronkt-met-uitslag-blinde-belgische-biertest, 
  are you 5 years old ? 
  i do n't want to live in junckers europe, 
  i 'm not in the navy , but i can imagine it is difficult to fight with a ship that 's frozen stuck in ice, 
  dutch : nog gefeliciteerd - still congratulated, 
  or recent instances for that matter, 
  de correspondent is even more pc than the msm in the netherlands . 
  try jalta . 
  hachee with potatoes and red cabbage with apples , two weeks ago . 
  says the guy from veltins country, 
  i bet that in their face you 're real nice to dutch people , but behind their backs ... 
  noticed that that 's how a lot of flemish are . 
  the dad of a friend of mine is from sicily . 
  the signs in his hometown are both in italian as well as in albanian and he speaks albani\u00eb to his relaties . 
  it 's very different to what is spoken in albania though . 
  they 're not like gypsies . 
  roma originally came from india , while your `` knackers '' are just ethnic irish that traveled around doing work like repairing pans . 
  they 're just regular irish, 
  wish the germans would do the same when they 're here . 
  every time i drive to my family in the achterhoek the entire a12 is blocked by germans driving on the left/middle lane . 
  i do n't see a single german on that beach, 
  hitler and goebbels were n't really aryan superpeople as well . 
  i was in oslo last month . 
  thought it was quite nice actually , especially the view from the fortress . 
  prices though : 2 hamburgers , 1 beer , 1 eplemost , 2 deserts for $ 80 :-(, 
  belgians more honest than dutch people ? 
  that 's the weirdest thing i 've ever heard , belgians are really sneaky while dutch people are too honest . 
  thank you so much for your extremely objective reply . 
  so what did you vote for , groenlinks , pvda or d66 ? 
  i happen to be in bergen right now . 
  i should call the news , because the weather is beautiful !, 
  you mean just like a certain other nationality , right ? 
  dutch people already had family names way before napoleon , my last name has been around since the early 1600 's , last names that end with - ing / - ink are often a 1000 years old . 
  what happened was that during the french time names were centrally registered , so they could n't be as easily changed as before . 
  even the most detailed of these maps misses didams . 
  weirdest dialect of them all ... 
  the netherlands already has 29 dialects on 40.000 km2 , i guess the author was completely done with it . 
  it does n't . 
  the reclaimed land is all clay , which is unsuitable for growing crops and thereful not arable land . 
  it has been tested though . . 
  article 5 was called after the attacks on 9/11 and 900 european soldiers died as a result in afghanistan . 
  people seem to forget that . 
  why would they do that ? 
  these `` ghettos '' you 're talking about were just nice low-cost neighbourhoods before these people moved in . 
  they turned these parts of town into crap , like they did in amsterdam new-west . 
  also , your fellow polish people should have all turned into the most deadly terrorist , because they had to endure living with 20 people in a small apartment before it was legal for them to work here . 
  i love how you can see the cities in canada in this picture . 
  43n = toronto 45n = montreal and ottawa 49n = vancouver and everything at the border 53n = edmonton, 
  thanks for explaining . 
  guess the myth of low taxes in the us is busted , 45 % is much higher than in most of europe . 
  funny how americans always moan about taxes being so high in europe . 
  netherlands has one of the highest taxes in europe , but with your salary you would only pay $ 34 more in taxes here . 
  guess the low taxes are only for the really rich ... 
  still touristy though, 
  in the netherlands herring season has just begun : http://www.holland.com/us/tourism/article/taste-the-season-hollandse-nieuwe-herring.htm great , but unfortunately it also means asparagus season is just over . 
  serious , all stereotypes aside , come to the netherlands some time from end of april to end of june and taste our white asparagus : http://evainthekitchen.com/blog/dutch-white-asparagus-baked-potatoes/, 
  palm trees ? 
  i guess i live in the wrong part of the country !, 
  heineken is really mediocre , but still better than jupiler , stella or maes . 
  hertog jan , grolsch and alfa are way better though . 
  but the same goes for the dutch , spanish , portuguese , austrian and russian people . 
  polish paratroopers during operation market garden, 
  there were actually more germans in wellingtons army than british : 26,000 germans 25,000 british 17,000 dutch ( including belgians ) yet the rest of the world really thinks the british did it by themselves :-(, 
  would germany veto d-day coins , or is this a typical french thing ? 
  wow , east groningen is as poor as eastern europe . 
  that 's what communism does to you ... 
  la brasa in the haarlemmerdijk is awesome , definitely not a tourist trap . 
  maybe if you recommand people to go to piet de leeuw you should tell them exactly what kind of steak they get there ... :-d, 
  `` duimen '' , literally `` to thumb '' in dutch . 
  an atlantic wall ? 
  i think that has been tried before ... 
  may be if they would stop using soap when cleaning glasses i could actually taste the beers over there . 
  also , dutch bars have a way better selection of beers available . 
  everything about this article is complete and utter bullshit . 
  according to informatiecentrumcannabis.nl , 7 % of all dutch people have used cannabis in the past year , which is the european average . 
  rivers are probably even more important , especially the rhine to the ruhr-area, 
  they are descendants of the gaul people . 
  the name france comes from western frankish empire . 
  the franks originated at the north banks of the rhine and from there conquered most of western europe . 
  after the death of charlemagne his empire was divided among his sons . 
  the west became france . 
  the centre , which stretched from the netherlands to italy was soon conquered by the east frankish empire , this became the holy roman empire . 
  not on that map, 
  actually , belgians are dutch people that were to afraid to rebel against the spanish, 
  that 's correct , the mayor kept the asylum a secret for 5 days , just to push it though without consulting the citizens of the town . 
  also , without the center , the city counsel needs to write off 12.5 million euro on a failed megolomanic business park . 
  the asylum will make the ground look occupied , so the writing off will not have to take place in another 10 years , wich will just be a problem for a next counsel . 
  it 's really cynical . 
  lubbers was a really good leader . 
  impopulair with the left , but under his leadership the netherlands became one of the richest countries in europe and the unemployment that was skyhigh went down incredibly . 
  according to this list , france is n't a safe country ... 
  you hang around with the wrong people . 
  most dutch people are generous towards charity and unlike our eastern neighbours , we buy each others rounds .
