  `` going dutch '' , just like `` dutch uncle '' and `` dutch courage '' was invented in 17th century england when they were upset with us for destroying their fleets . 
  since the netherlands stayed out of that senseless carnage : probably not . 
  bockbier festivals in the netherlands !, 
  i was wondering which of these german dialects is considered the `` standard '' one ? 
  the border literally . 
  two villages at each side of the border can have almost the same dialect , yet one is considered a dutch dialect and the other one a german one . 
  go there and find out for yourselve . 
  you 'll be surprised . 
  it was n't bad at all . 
  that 's funny because m\u00fcnster and cologne fought along france and england, 
  you sound like our prime minister, 
  the chief editor of de telegraaf tore up his voting card on television , so do n't tell this nonsense please, 
  in dutch politics `` no '' means `` screw the voter , i 'll do whatever i want '', 
  your comment is 20 years late . 
  our cuisine has been rediscovered at a high pace , resulting in the popularity of dutch recipes and an ever increasing amount of excellent restaurants . 
  indo 's , germans , belgians , polish , chinese , italian , spanish , yugoslavians and greek all do n't give any problems . 
  it 's just this particular group that causes all the troubles . 
  looking at the string of terrorism in north america , you ca n't say you are doing any better . 
  halal food can easily be banned due to animal rights concerns ( almost happened already ) . 
  not building new mosques should also be easy i guess , just do n't give building permits . 
  just do n't get a taxi on the middle of the leidscheplein or in front of the cs . 
  just walk a hundred meters to a nearby street and hail a cab there . 
  make sure you get in a taxi with a turkish or indian driver and you 'll be fine . 
  til 2,200,000 km2 is not a lot of land ... 
  so you think the europeans blended into iroquis culture perfectly ? 
  so what you mean is that roma already lived there for centuries before romania even came into existance . 
  beautiful old buildings , nice bars and restaurants , great atmosphere , just fifteen minutes from amsterdam . 
  checked the nationality of the commenter . 
  was not surprised . 
  that 's because it was founded by german colonists in 1201 . 
  this was my thought too . 
  right , `` random '' . 
  and you do n't have to feel sorry for me , i 'm happy to live in a bit more civilized part of europe . 
  i like the people from former yugoslavia , i had class mates from bosnia , serbia and montenegro and i was in your country just a couple of days ago . 
  it 's just the way you croats , bosniaks and serbs treat each other is completely insane . 
  i 've never seen the nazi greeting outside your country btw . 
  if i were i probably would never have been born , because you guys killed 500.000 serbs , 200.000 croatian dissidents , 90.000 bosniaks , 40.000 jews , 50.000 people from montenegro and 30.000 sloveni ans . 
  and worship the people who did it . 
  croats did more shit than anybody else and they got rewarded with membership of the eu . 
  last year you guys were celebrating the ustasa again , croatian nazis that killed a million serbs , gypsies , bosniaks and political opponents . 
  no , the albanians grapped the land that was rightfully serbia . 
  instead of helping serbia `` we '' bombed them into submission so the albanians could drive the native people away and steal their possions . 
  however , we need to keep on saying how evil those landgrabbing jews are . 
  and what about kosovo ? 
  why did n't serbia get it back yet ? 
  `` dinaric alps '' is not a country . 
  dutch people north of the rhine are taller too than the ones south of it . 
  only a small percentage is . 
  we used to have open borders with everybody . 
  for example , most turks in haarlem came here by busrides sold by one turkish businessman to people from his home region . 
  there were only 17000 turkish guest workers and iirc 4000 moroccan ones . 
  yet , due to further migration they total 800.000 people today ... fortunately the net immigration saldo of both groups is negative since a couple of years . 
  to be honest , d66 had the opportunity to govern this country a couple of times , but every time they failed terribly . 
  your d66 voting friend is the last one who should judge other parties . 
  it 's named after that specific one because a horrible accident happened there during an airshow . 
  otherwise they also could have named the band `` bitburg '' ... 
  they 're welcome . 
  we already got 150.000 polish here and they are doing fine . 
  in what world is becoming a policy writer for one of the biggest political parties while being in your twenties a `` failed career '' ? 
  please do n't talk nonsense . 
  the same goes for the netherlands . 
  murder rate is already really low , but if you 're not a young moroccan male it 's almost 0 . 
  you really do n't know what you 're talking about , do you ? 
  people who came from the netherlands east indies to the netherlands ( like my family ) were already part of dutch society for a very long time . 
  most were etnically at least partly european anyway . 
  the very few muslims among the immigrants were converted to christianity when they arrived in the netherlands . 
  like we should do with the refugees now . 
  it 's all relative . 
  in absolute amounts , netherlands is second in coffee only after finland , but tea is a popular drink for women too . 
  so , he is on reddit too ? 
  please define `` best people '' in this context, 
  in the netherlands only 1.5 , less than any other ethnicity . 
  mainly because turkish woman are much higher educated than men and they do n't marry down . 
  almost any vermeer painting . 
  the astromer , the geographer , the lady standing at a virginal , they all look exactly the same . 
  well , we call you wit-rusland, 
  the train to amsterdam !, 
  remember 1673 ? 
  if bread is counted as cereals , how can the netherlands have less than 100kg per person per year ? 
  i guess they 've only been to ndsm-werf, 
  our national hobby is complaining . 
  our public transportation is really excellent , do n't buy that crap . 
  in the netherlands we got the same problems with spinach, 
  also years of price wars between supermarkets . 
  unlike norway and iceland you mean ? 
  now compare economic output ... 
  no , the title in the picture it self is fine : kingdom of france . 
  frankish empire -  west francia -  france frankish empire -  middle + east francia -  holy roman empire, 
  title of the post is wrong , it 's the kingdom of france , not frankish kingdom . 
  frankish empire was split up a century earlier in a western part ( present day france ) , while the central and eastern part became the holy roman empire . 
  frankish homeland was called austrasia and became part of the central kingdom . 
  lake flevo was n't turned into the zuiderzee until a series of floodings in the 12th century broke through the land between the lake and the wadden sea . 
  i guess for france they used most altavistad person ... 
  after trying to end oppression and murder in a peaceful way for over a decade , yes . 
  they may be somewhat civilized now , but in the past spain , france and england were just as shit . 
  fortunately we could afford a big military and we had the rhine as a barrier . 
  no worries , this is the thames , not the medway, 
  they 're polling 5-7 % , i have no idea why the guardian says 10 % . 
  no , but because france has such a weak economy , students in the north learn it to be able to work in flanders . 
  why would my comment be random ?
