  people could move freely between yugoslavia and other european countries , but not between eastern block and other countries . 
  that yugoslavia was n't part of nato looks irrelevant to me , neither were sweden , switzerland and austria . 
  dutch people could freely go on holiday to yugoslavia though . 
  to eastern block countries , not so much . 
  yet more french students learn dutch than the other way around, 
  there are also dutch leftwing politicians who called for intifada or denied the armenian genocide . 
  does n't make leftists racist terrorists by definition . 
  maybe you could stop calling them `` far-right '' then ? 
  none of these parties are talking about `` race '' or attacking other countries or anything , so why keep comparing them to hitler all the time ? 
  btw , hitler loved islam and wanted that germany had been muslim instead of christian ... 
  during galatasaray - juventus i learned it can snow in istanbul . 
  i would n't dare to place a bet on a single person . 
  my bet would be that we get an cabinet of technocrats from outside political arena . 
  thanks , a happy new year to you !, 
  wilders was underestimated the last two times . 
  in 2010 he got 6 seats more than predicted . 
  in 2012 he got 2 less , but only after a rally that benefited vvd and pvda . 
  according to the polls , pvda + sp would be bigger than vvd + pvv , but the opposite was true . 
  it 's not logical that people that would vote sp voted vvd instead to make sure pvda did n't become the largest party . 
  there has never been a repeated elections before there has been a functioning government . 
  pvv + vvd + 50 + are very close to a majority in the second chamber , they 're very likely to make that . 
  they 'll have a minority in the first chamber , but officially senators are not supposed to practice party politics . 
  with a few hand-outs to the christian parties , eg not abolishing christian schools and acknowledging armenian genocide , these parties can be convinced to do their jobs properly . 
  papiamento and english are also official languages because bonaire , st eustatius and saba are only special municipalities . 
  an anti-wilders coalition would need at least 6 parties from left to right . 
  this is not going to happen . 
  we 'll get a pvv , vvd , 50 + coalition . 
  we have for : dutch , frisian , papiamento and english :p, 
  til the rijksmuseum is in groningen . 
  france is a beautiful country , too bad it 's filled with french people . 
  you were the bad guys , so no holiday for you, 
  no poland , really ? 
  czech republic = czechoslovakia of course . 
  maybe you should look them up , they are real countries . 
  so you admit you are uttering complete bullshit ? 
  we did n't kill the jews , your german allies did . 
  the 75 % jewish victims is n't nearly the second place , many other countries including poland and czech republic had higher numbers . 
  also , greece , the country you guys helped to invade , had a higher percentage of victims ( 77 % ) than the netherlands had . 
  the germans did n't burn the jews , they gassed them . 
  lol , you do n't give a single number , while i give you a news article about the fraud . 
  bit silly of me to try to reason with someone like you . 
  `` racist '', 
  about bulgarians committing fraud in the netherlands : http://www.rtlnieuws.nl/nieuws/binnenland/grootschalige-fraude-bulgaren-met-toeslagen now please show me some proof of dutch being the second largest jewkillers or keep your silly mouth shut . 
  we burned the jews ? 
  could you please lecture me on this one , because my racist dutch school did n't taught me about that . 
  i am also very sorry we were n't more welcome to you guys when you drove to our country to collect welfare money that according to our racist traditions you had no right to receive . 
  unfortunately , we ca n't all be as progressive and morally superior as the great people of bulgaria, 
  with what definition of left-right are all of these parties ( especially d66 ) right wing ? 
  they are going to a part of heaven that is a hundred times higher than normal heaven though . 
  in the netherlands it 's also more than 80 % non-religious . 
  people just like to hate at christians . 
  what did the inquisition have to do with paganism ? 
  charlemagne made it punishable with death 8 centuries earlier . 
  he does not . 
  i live in amsterdam and i am still amazed by how these leftists want to sacrifice themselves ( and the rest of the country ) at the altar of political correctness . 
  this is a good example of dutch semi-detached housing : https://www.makelaarsland.nl/huis-zoeken/doetinchem/venkelveld/58, 
  the city of london only has about 9200 inhabitants according to this definition, 
  the mayor of jakarta is on trial now for reciting the quran as a christian ... 
  the time that indonesia was religiously tolerant is long gone . 
  they 're also both completely overrun by tourists, 
  far east asians are very much accepted , hundreds of thousands of people of indonesian origin live in the netherlands and are a normal part of society . 
  in fact , wilders is one himself !, 
  frankish empire came to it 's peak and was divided in three pieces , the netherlands became part of the center one . 
  no it 's not . 
  it was a political trial , the judge already stated her opinion on television a long time before the trial . 
  every expert in law said he could n't get convicted for what he said , but the court decided to adapt a new meaning of the word `` race '' to be able to judge him anyway . 
  when this case gets to the european court , he 'll be acquitted for sure . 
  it 's the name of their throwing axe, 
  people with mixed european and asian background were already common in the fifties in the netherlands, 
  you 're not wrong : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_english-speaking_population, 
  no , the netherlands is number 15 , while germany is number 26 on the list . 
  still , when i 'm abroad ( outside czech republic ) , i can only get worse pilsners . 
  this is n't even remotely true . 
  old low frankish = old dutch . 
  old french loaned 15 % of its vocabulary from it though . 
  i hope the eu will make a deal very soon ... 
  there 's not a shred of evidence that is fighters came here as refugees by boat . 
  is hysteria . 
  according to a dutch eu parliament member : https://mobile.twitter.com/judithineuropa/status/600276891883417600?lang=nl, 
  85 % of all beer that we drink is domestic . 
  to be honest , i see no reason to drink foreign beer except for guinness . 
  holy shit , i would get fired if i ever produced a chart like this ... 
  but i understand the politics behind it . 
  pasteurized of course . 
  btw raw milk that has been refrigerated is the best there is !, 
  there were greeks , spanish , italians and yugoslavians too , as much as there were turks and moroccans . 
  but first , they did n't import their entire village and second , their children are just dutch people with a different last name . 
  `` barely any '' is still 2/3 of all foreign tourists . 
  greeks under 35 can stay . 
  but the netherlands has the vaalserberg as highest point instead of mount scenery, 
  funny how the countries with the largest number of muslims have the highest numbers . 
  it 's not a fact of life , it are crimes committed by muslims and facilitated by cowardly westerners who are too afraid of being called `` racist '' to take actions against this . 
  what do you mean with `` better understanding and respecting their needs '' btw ? 
  no , they 're not . 
  the real victims are the people that get killed and their families and loved ones . 
  bigger and better ijsselmeer, 
  no , end of the sixties until the eighties . 
  not true . 
  it 's just easier to leave the protestant churches than it is to leave the catholic church . 
  before secularisation there were much more protestants than catholics .
