/ r/politics - 3,086,781 subscribers, 
  american labor is cheaper than eu ? 
  maybe if you 're talking about rich countries like germany , france , uk , etc. 
  but certainly not in romania or bulgaria or even poland . 
  [ according to this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_average_wage ) average wages in poland are less than the us minimum wage . 
  its against the law to pay someone the average wage of poland . 
  could be that turkey was a relatively poor country in the 60s and 70s , a nato ally and immigration from eastern europe was n't really possible because of the cold war . 
   it gets dull very quick , because often americans ( for example ) are ruthlessly downvoted even , or especially , if their opinions are only ever so slightly different from what some might call a commonly accepted standard-opinion in / r/europe [ 2 ] . 
  though i 've never seen this outside of reddit , it makes arguing on / r/europe [ 3 ] very tiresome , because i personally wholeheartedly welcome foreign opinions . 
  of all the subreddits i read regularly this is the one i 'm most wary of commenting in . 
  partly because i do n't want to to be perceived as some outsider jumping in to offer his opinion on european stuff and partly because i know my flair makes everything i post much more likely to be taken negatively . 
  [ germany already said they want to drop it from the eu-canada deal ] ( http://www.theglobeandmail.com/report-on-business/international-business/european-business/germany-wants-investment-clause-scrapped-in-eu-canada-trade-deal/article20783471/ ), 
  damn double negative , thats what i get for editing my comment right before i post . 
  i do n't think turkey will join the eu while akp is in power . 
  its full of scary muslims . 
  i find it kind of strange people are describing it as a win for the left considering the far right party was the only one that gained more than 2 seats . 
  the us navy is working on electromagnetic catapults for its new carriers . 
  though i have no idea if thats feasible with non-nuclear . 
  that is really cool , personally i 'm pretty jealous of how much government stuff can be done online in estonia . 
  though if we tried all the stuff they do in the us it would almost certainly be a disaster . 
  lines may have just disappeared , there 's no border between us and canada either . 
  article must have changed after you posted it because the one there now does n't mention her . 
  except you know russia might nuke the shit out of china rather than lose a huge chunk of its territory . 
   the parties agree that an armed attack against one or more of them in europe or north america shall be considered an attack against them all and consequently they agree that , if such an armed attack occurs , each of them , in exercise of the right of individual or collective self-defence recognised by article 51 of the charter of the united nations , will assist the party or parties so attacked by taking forthwith , individually and in concert with the other parties , such action as it deems necessary , including the use of armed force , to restore and maintain the security of the north atlantic area . 
  that seems pretty automatic to me . 
  well the us did threaten to blow them up if they were used against the us . 
  these seem like sensible precautions regardless of relations with the us/britain . 
  its surprising to me that at least the defense minister was n't already using an encrypted phone . 
  i think `` american anger '' refers to the government not literally the entire country . 
  so because the us did something similar once its ok for anybody to do it ? 
  it was wrong then and its wrong now . 
  the whole premise of the article is ridiculous . 
  for all its problems the us and germany have far more in common than germany and russia . 
  does anyone think the svr/gru would n't spy on merkel all day every day if they could ( maybe they are ) ? 
  though i 'm obviously biased . 
  money  principles . 
  afaik the gold has never been to germany in the first place . 
  the gold was bought from the us and stored at the fed . 
  so france also stole germany 's gold ? 
  you obviously did n't read the article very carefully . 
  they only got 32 tonnes of gold back from france . 
  according to [ this ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/afontevecchia/2013/01/16/germany-repatriating-gold-from-ny-paris-in-case-of-a-currency-crisis/ ) forbes article repatriating gold from the us is a hassle because it can only be flown in 5 ton increments . 
  at the end of the day why does it matter where the gold is stored if you are n't going to sell it ( unless you believe the conspiracy theory that its gone ) . 
  well clearly they just are n't doing austerity hard enough !, 
  because as far as i can tell he was n't doing anything at all . 
  units will return to their `` permanent bases '' . 
  new permanent bases are all probably now conveniently located near ukraine . 
  it seems bizarre to me for a nuclear state ( especially one with as many as russia ) to be worried about an actual invasion of its territory . 
  why do you need a buffer state when you have 3000 + nukes ? 
  if germany had invaded switzerland where would they have hidden all their gold ? 
  was it even the us media ? 
  maybe fox news , but all i heard was some idiots on twitter . 
  i think the outrageous thing is putting a levy on people with under 100,000 euros . 
  deposits up that amount are supposed to be guaranteed by law . 
  supposedly the cyprus government rejected imposing the tax just on deposits over 100,000 ~ ~ ( would need to have been about 40 % to come up with enough money ) . ~ ~, 
  starting to ? 
  he has always been like this . 
  its just has n't been as obvious lately because he 's had the opportunity to attack the us for some legitimately bad things its done . 
  not allowed to have your gun with you on a train here , has to be in checked baggage . 
  as far as i can tell all posts relating to immigration have gotten the controversial flair . 
  [ he said he thought greece leaving the euro was a better option . 
  ] ( http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2015/06/28/grisis/ ), 
  does he want his legacy to be destroying the euro/eu ? 
  does n't croatia have de facto control even though technically they do n't claim it ? 
  it probably wo n't take long before croatian police ( i doubt they 'll bother with the army ) come in and dismantle everything . 
  building nuclear power takes a while though . 
  it would probably be at least 5 years before they get anything online . 
  i 'd really like a source for that . 
  well , obviously we do n't since they are doing it anyway . 
  i think the headline is a little melodramatic . 
  all imports , including samsungs , are going to get more expensive since the euro is dropping against pretty much all currencies . 
  the poll probably had 3 options clinton , trump , no opinion/don ' t know . 
  i 'm guessing most of the other 46 % are the 3rd option . 
  assuming the wikipedia article is remotely close to the truth i ca n't imagine how anyone ever expected greek cypriots to agree to the annan plan . 
  really if you are n't using a credit card for most purchases in the us you 're leaving money on the table . 
  i get at least 1 % back when i use my credit card and there is no discount for using cash ( there are a few rare exceptions ) . 
  its really not that hard if the poster does n't take any precautions . 
  subpoena 4chan to get his ip , then another subpoena to the isp it belongs to to get the users name . 
  no mass surveillance required . 
   the `` hur dur murica da best ! '', 
  usa ( incredibly successful assimilation ) in contrast to `` we are proud of not being proud '' western europeans . 
  there are large parts of the us where you probably wo n't hear a word of english spoken on a construction site except by the manager . 
  microsoft recently fought a us warrant in federal court for information stored in ireland and won . 
  though there 's nothing stopping congress from changing the law . 
  2 points is n't very significant , it could very well be random fluctuation . 
  though it does seem like at least that the attack has n't hurt cdu 's poll numbers like some people predicted . 
  i used to get offended at those . 
  now i wonder if they were right all along . 
  thats strange i 'm also red-green colorblind ( deuteranopia ) and that map looks fine to me . 
  there is the national popular vote interstate compact which would make the electoral college a formality without a constitutional amendment by having the states pledge their votes to the winner of the national popular vote . 
  its currently at about 50 % of the votes needed to take effect . 
  electors are just random people who are selected by the state branch of the party that wins the popular vote in that state . 
  at least in my state they do n't show up on the ballot . 
  some states have laws that would punish them with jail terms for voting the wrong way but since these people are selected for party loyalty its highly unlikely . 
  the only thing close to it in recent history was when the representative for washington dc abstained in 2000 to protest dc not having any representation in congress . 
  there is also a movement to make the electoral college a mere formality by having states pledge their votes to whoever wins the national popular vote but that is stalled at about half the number of votes needed . 
  mostly due to republican opposition because it helped bush get elected in 2000 . 
  glenn greenwald praising the ny times ? 
  they must be ice skating in hell . 
  because its an article by haaretz an israeli newspaper .
