til merkel is actually a marionette . 
  good job britain, 
  oh please . 
  just look at every single post that has a negative view on the eu . 
  they get downvoted . 
  stop denying reality . 
  i think we 're supposed to be pro-eu here . 
  as it appears that every post that appears to go against the eu gets downvoted to hell . 
  just saying . 
  even this very comment will probably get downvoted because i said the truth . 
  anyway , condell is usually right , but he tends to exagerate things greatly . 
  so , are you saying that ethnic , non-muslim british people kill their daughters because they were not happy with their daughters ' decisions ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that only muslims do that . 
  i 'm currently in canada and we get honour killings in heavy ` multicultural ' cities like montreal and toronto . 
  switzerland looks good to anybody . 
  your post made me laugh because it 's so out of place . 
  from my personal experience with algerians , i just assume he does n't . 
  but maybe nizar does , i do n't know , and you do n't as well . 
  then he deals with it . 
  my girlfriend is french but often switches between italy and france and i do as well between portugal , france , and quebec . 
  it was a suggestion . 
  if france does n't want the guy , he should go help algeria , which would probably use him . 
  nizar should go help out his country instead . 
  alright , well then you ca n't say that about christians then . 
  because in theory , they are not suppose to kill ( the old testament usually rambles about killing in deuteronomy but that was pretty much for jews at the time ) . 
  many things done by christians were just made to gain power and butchered the meaning of christianity . 
  just like the spanish inquisition . 
  it was an attempt by the catholic church to give fair trials to those determined to be heretics by the ** spanish ** authorities who claimed that they were against god , which was not true . 
  it was simply a lust for power which turned into a myth about how the church actually ordered killings of jews , did n't happen like that . 
  it just screwed up big time . 
  the qu ` raan actually states , and still states , to kill unbelievers if you ca n't convert them . 
  christians are confused while jews are stuck by the wrath of god . 
  mind you that in the torah , there are also pretty ignorant things about non-believers . 
  it is natural human behavior to lust for power . 
  and yes , i know he was austrian . 
  the muslims did similar things when they killed all the hindus that did n't convert to islam through pakistan and afghanistan ( mughal empire ) . 
  many jews in france actually come from north african countries . 
  algeria kicked a lot of them out , etc. 
  but then we have atheists such as stalin , mao , and hitler ( culturally catholic but he once said `` one is either a christian or a german . 
  you ca n't be both . '' ), 
  who killed many , many innocent people . 
  there is terrible people everywhere . 
  unfortunately , i do n't think most muslims can hold themselves back and not express their faith . 
  did you read it ? 
  yes it does because it it copied content from other religions and distorted them . 
  jesus and moses are messengers . 
  heeep !, 
  if i go to france , i want to see french people . 
  i would be equally against replacing the culture and ethnicity of another country . 
  it is n't racism . 
  if they become a significant minority , they will trust me . 
  if you do n't want shariah , keep the muslims down . 
  but i read both the bible and qu ` raan haha, 
  ok , well . . start with the qu ` raan . 
  i 'm actually serious . 
  i know that you do n't expect much of it and you 're thinking `` oh , another religious book '' but it 's totally different . 
  it 's a nice read , honestly . 
  you turned this into a ` prove god is real ' debate which was not what it used to be . 
  so no more replies for you . 
  ok , here 's what you do n't get then . 
  shariah is meant to be head of government . 
  jesus , stop pestering my comments . 
  ok , so you think that you are clean and not fed by propaganda ? 
  i 'm not the type of ` school taught me everything ' guy . 
  it 's an ex-imam . . do you want me to find other sources ? 
  no - i mean do n't include in the government . 
  yea pretty much . 
  this should n't be done for any religion . 
  i go by what christ said : `` give to caesar what belongs to caesar , and give to god what belongs to god . '', 
  http://www.myspear.org/killing-um-kirfa.html this man is an ex-imam , so i guess he knows his stuff . 
  if you are alive when christ returns will you personally give me a back massage ? 
  ah , you did with the last sentence . 
  it just did n't make sense at first . 
  the ummayad caliphate was the lighter part of the caliphates . 
  it was n't heavily muslim at the time so i suppose jews did n't really bother them ( mind you that pretty much every single country in that time tossed jews around and i would n't be surprised if they were already slaughtered in the ` saudi arabian ' area ) . 
  the franks pushed them out too because they were pushing into france . 
  they were invading and had to be dealt with . 
  so you accept shariah law ? 
  are you joking ? 
  there 's jizya implied . 
  it 's a higher tax for people who are not muslim . 
  and they are also often persecuted . 
  `` a nation headed by a woman shall never succeed '' - mohammad, 
  he transmitted his teachings to his men , which were passed on and on and were memorized . 
  some verses were probably lost during the battle of mama something . 
  you did n't explain to me the rule of war of the qu ` raan !, 
  europe is actually falling to them bit by bit through demographics . 
  i bet you in like 20 years most young people in france will be black or arab . 
  that did n't answer my question . 
  that was just rambling which i have heard before but is a good argument . 
  are you against left-wingers ? 
  but the qu ` raan is by one man . . ( through gabriel ) what you mean when you say they were progressive ? 
  they do , but it 's not right . 
  the qu ` raan states that if two passages contradict each other , the passage that 's written later replaces the other one . 
  it 's the later ones that are more violent . 
  ( depends how your copy is printed ; surah 's can be sorted in order , importance , etc ), 
  deep . 
  but seriously , elaborate . 
  they ca n't . 
  that 's like saying a reptile is the same thing as a bird .
