well , i ignore erdogan cuz every civilised half-brained person knows he is full of shit . 
  but there are limits . 
  when a random greek guy says that we should re-take istanbul the rest laugh at him . 
  at the same time you have the head of a whole nation claiming western thrace , doubting about thessaloniki , not recognising half the aegean see and its islands , violating greek borders in a daily basis . 
  where is the limit set ? 
  how come erdogan is not overthrown by his own people ? 
  and since his own people are too brainwashed to see he is full of crap ( even the majority of turks abroad seem to be statistically anyway ) how come that nato and eu officials dont put him back in his place ? 
  should we keep saying `` eh , dont worry its erdogan '' until he does something very very nasty ? 
  as a greek , whose parents are both military officers and the first to be summoned in a war threat , im starting to feel uncomfortable with his shit . 
  omg forgot about marble emperor . 
  how could i ? 
  get the guns romania , we are going in . 
  meet you at thrace at 5 pm tomorrow . 
  there is no real obsession between greeks about istanbul though . 
  except the retarded ones who are made fun of . 
  im pretty sure that anyone who says istanbul should be conquered at this point is considered highly retarded . 
  in any case there is no point discussing such things with you . 
  you obviously have your own very strong opinion which im sure is based on your highly reliable and acceptable sources . 
  the only reason i posted here was to reply why spending money on military equipment is unfortunately necessary for greece and you came in with your random piece of information that contributed nothing . 
  have a nice day . 
  use them to update your maps and radars then . 
  it seems like you are accidentally getting into our internationally recognised territory every day , many times per day . 
  well , thanks for producing the parts i guess . 
  they will be put to good use , chasing your planes out of our airspace . 
  we are unfortunate enough to be in an area where every country around us wants a pie from us , especially turkey atm , so yeah such updates seem to be necessary which is saddening ofc . 
  i wasnt born at that time , but the pm that we had then pretty much doubled people 's income overnight . 
  greece had been into a bad position since it was reborn and suddenly we got rich , coincidentally when we joined eu . 
  like i said , i wasnt born at the time but looking back at it now it is very weird that no one questioned how we became rich and powerful overnight . 
  give it 2 years and we will be living with 300 eur minimum wage . 
  its at 500 right now . 
  except the cost of life is too high for someone to live with 500 euros . 
  this is incorrect . 
  the referendum wasnt `` wan na stay in eu or not ? '' . 
  it was about accepting a certain deal or not . 
  the greeks vote no in order to negotiate a new deal . 
  the `` no '' doesnt show anti-eu feeling , it was a cry against measures that have been making our lives more and more miserable . 
  you are the only one being passive-aggressive here . 
  you made a comment to satisfy your agenda and hatred against turkey . 
  believe me , i dont hold the turkish reddit to high regard , but your comment is only meant as bait for a meaningless conversation where you generalise situations and groups of people , then a turk replies in a nice , logical way and you are being stupid again . 
  maybe you had a bad day and need your dose of internet fighting as a way to relieve yourself . 
  all im saying is that you are pointlessly aggressive . 
  there must have been other ways . 
  pontians and armenians were part of asia minor for so many years . 
  and they werent even the ones that attacked you btw . 
  greeks did in after the sevres treaty when they came to izmir and started going towards ankara . 
  they then were pushed back which ended with the burning of izmir . 
  pontians didnt have anything to do with that . 
  turkey just decided to exterminate them like rats to ensure that there are no minorities in their lands . 
  same with armenians . 
  how is this correct and necessary in any way though ? 
  how can it be excused and justified ? 
  i am not proud about the fact that greeks decided to march for ankara you know , i wish we didnt . 
  but how can you say that you had to make all these people disappear ? 
  with the same logic , i should be ok with the fact that greece tried to march towards ankara cuz , you know , you are enemies so you have to be exterminated . 
  it doesnt work like that and its shameful that turkey had adapted such tactics to solve their problems . 
  the worst part is that even that part of history is ignored and glorified by even moderate turks . 
  your nation shows that they had no tolerance for minorities after these events . 
  even after the treaty of lausanne which included population exchanges , the turkish government found a [ vile ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/istanbul_pogrom ) way to violate the treaty and remove the greeks that resided in istanbul . 
  it proves that the hostility towards minorities remained and still remains . 
  thats what happens when you dont learn your history and justify it . 
  edit : i forgot to mention that the systematic attempt at exterminated pontians started in 2015 , long before asia minor was invaded by greeks . 
  there was no threat at the time so the `` we just defended our country '' argument doesnt really stand . 
  tbf , i understand turks in that particular part of history . 
  greeks got ismir with the treaty of sevres but we thought we were in a alexander the great campaign or something since we stupidly decided to go deep into the leftover ottoman empire and conquer it all . 
  obviously , the plan backfired and we got pushed back into ismir which resulted in all these killings . 
  i dont want to excuse the slaughter of the innocent but greeks are the one responsible for this disaster . 
  imo we had no reason to be in ismir in the first place . 
  even if you look at it geographically , it is a stupid move to be cornered in a zone surrounded by your eternal enemies . 
  where were they in 1922 [ when we neeeded them !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_fire_of_smyrna ) i am suprised no one made a joke about it yet . 
  edit : wrong year or maybe i got exposed as a time traveller . 
  i guess not then since i was downvoted instead of getting a reply . 
  i have no knowledge of how economy works , i can only observe what happens around me . 
  but even experts cant tell for sure what is going to happen if greece leaves eu . 
  some say that the country will suffer worse than it does no for the first year but it will start recovering after . 
  others say that it will simply suffer more and for very long . 
  the common point is that we will suffer hard at least at first . 
  our new currency would be incredibly undervalued which combined with the fact that greece doesnt export anything , would mean bad business for us . 
  they all agree that it would have been a good move before 2009 . 
  also there is no serious party with a safe , long-run plan about greece without eu . 
  all of them are afraid to take the political risk of such a move and those parties that do propose it cant be taken seriously . 
  such a move would require excellent organisation and a great plan and greece isnt known for any of these . 
  so politicians choose to go along with eu austerities as long as it doesnt default the state cuz previous governments did the same so the political cost isnt any different for them . 
  im pretty sure we will eventually since the austerity road doesnt lead to anything . 
  these sacrifices that people make every year get worse and worse . 
  and still the debt becomes more crippling , more measures are requested every year . 
  its just an endless loop and people are paying for that . 
  but it wont get any better without eu at this point . 
  we should have took the chance to get out before the shitstorm started . 
  now we are fucked with eu but we are fucked without it as well . 
  im very happy to be part of the european family , dont get me wrong . 
  but what is going on atm is leading us into more darkness . 
  i wont argue with that . 
  but what i say still stands . 
  people initially voted syriza cuz they were fed up with the other parties betraying their trust and voting for austerity again and again . 
  syriza did the same and disappointed people . 
  so people turn back to nd who forced the worst austerity and they presented it as a success story . 
  it doesnt make sense , does it ? 
  more austerity ? 
  time to vote for nd who embrace austerity wholeheartedly .
