sure ill just get right on the phone and make that happen, 
  it amuses me / r/europe is consistently shocked that places like romania and bulgaria are somehow immune from the perpetual anti-immigration rhetoric that is pushed by the media and on this sub if you go on about how \u00a8 immigrants from countries that dont share our values shouldnt be welcomed \u00a8 then dont be surprised that eastern europe ends up on the chopping block, 
  its because youre only allowed to be against immigration when it comes to pakistani doctors on this sub . 
  if you expand the scope to include eastern european labour people get offended because then its personal, 
  i very much remember being 9 / 10 and wanking over a picture of a guy in the tv guide that i had a crush on, 
  if you are interested in the research done so far check out / r/lgbtlibrary you may also find [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkhx_2dpebw ) informative, 
  i can clear up a bit of confusion . 
  its true that anal sex is more risky in contacting hiv ; but another factor is the small dating pool . 
  its the difference between a disease spreading in a village over a city for example . 
  bad sex education also plays a role - as well as drugs and something known as \u00a8 condom fatigue \u00a8, 
  the jews are the fault of all that is wrong in the world including femnism and homosexuality . 
  i know its true because i read it on the internet and the mainstream media never talks about it . 
  you know why ? 
  because the jews control that too . 
  were talking about parties borrowing money from another country and someone has to make it about the refugee situation . 
  on any thread about any topic theres a good chance someone will bring up the refugee situation . 
  there are more than enough stories about that on this sub all day every day . 
  may as well just rename it to / r/immigrationtalk . 
  not everyone wants to talk about immigrants and refugees all the time as if thats the only thing they ever think about . 
  some people want to talk about other things for once . 
  yeah that seems to working great what with certain people distrusting anything the ( ( ( msm ) ) ) says and only trusting things they read on internet forums . 
  for people who are against globalism you sure seem desperate to export your ideology to other countries also the status quo is better than regressing to the 1930s tbh, 
  who cares about hillary anymore lol . 
  find a new deflection tactic, 
  i love how everyone has to make everything about immigration all the time . 
  its basically the new godwins law . 
   pakistan is shit but was never a war zone to begin with https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_terrorist_incidents_in_pakistan_since_2001 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/malala_yousafzai https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2014_peshawar_school_massacre the taliban have been terrorising people for ages in pakistan . 
  literally like 3-5 times a month every year for 15 years there is a bombing . 
  its on the news regularly even though most arent reported in the west . 
  clearly you dont really know what you are talking about like a lot of people on this sub . 
  im probably going to unsubscribe and find somewhere that isnt full of ignorant and hysterical agenda bots . 
  you all live in another world full of ignorance and fear ; devoid of empathy calling for detention centres and treating humans like cockroaches . 
  no thanks, 
   i say we strengthen fortress europa and kick people like you out !, 
  you want to go help them ? 
  calm down there franco, 
  things that dont fit the agenda that all immigrants and aslyum seekers are evil are downvoted and nobody is exposed to that information . 
  and so many stats and \u00a8 facts \u00a8 are posted without evidence and then parroted endlessly . 
  this sub is a perfect example of how if you repeat something for long enough then it becomes true . 
  afghanistan , pakistan and iraq are war zones ... 
  http://data.unhcr.org/mediterranean/regional.php syria : 23 % afghanistan : 12 % nigeria : 10 % iraq : 8 % ertrea : 8 % guinea : 4 % cote d'ivoire : 4 % gambia : 3 % pakistan : 3 % senegal : 2 %, 
  eastern european culture doesnt have very much in common with western european culture . 
  it surprises me people from eastern europe think that they are somehow immune from the anti-immigrant rhetoric based on the reasoning that values are too different . 
  like what does poland actually have in common with germany or uk except being white and christian ? 
  its government and people are generally right wing and hostile to things like gay rights and abortion rights . 
  there are areas where polish people segregate themselves and polish shops sprouts up and nobody speaks english . 
  they accept less than minimum wage so undercut the working class in finding jobs these are the same arguments made about all other immigrants so im not sure why you think youd get a pass from the same effect of the rhetoric just because youre part of the eu before the syria / iraq conflict it was all about poles in the uk . 
  \u00a8 they take our jobs ; theyre homophobes ; their values dont match ours ; they dont intergrate ; they change the landscape of my city . \u00a8 newspapers talking about polish parents neglecting their kids to death and beating people up . 
  stories about \u00a8 hundreds of thousands of bulgarians coming to take your jobs !, 
  ! \u00a8 this sentiment never went away ; you were just lucky that the focus shifted onto another group for a while . 
  a large part of brexit was because because of anti-immigrant sentiment about eastern europe because of difference in values and politics and people losing jobs to immigrants . 
   indiscriminately silences you and many others seem to be very vocal when it comes to the issue though - so you arent being silenced at all . 
  in fact you seem to be attempting to silence someone else who is simply trying to explain why people compare prejudice against muslims to prejudice against race . 
  i think there is a racial component to prejudice against muslims - since when people hear \u00a8 muslim \u00a8 they think middle-eastern but most are actually black from africa . 
  its not racism but it is prejudice most people here pre-judged it was an islamic attack despite having no evidence . 
  note this doesnt mean its not possible or probable but its still pre-judging . 
  now all the comments are getting really defensive because people here went on a witch-hunt over the wrong guy and instead shift the focus away from their prejudice and onto semantics . 
   you do n't seriously mean ` close boarders ' and in stop everyone from crossing do you ? 
  its / r/europe . 
  closing borders is the right answer to everything on this forum, 
  yeah they should just make concrete conclusions before having any proper evidence like / r/europe, 
  there are two primary factors that made same-sex marriage a reality in such a short amount of time : a. 
  coming out . 
  since the 70s - a huge amount of people came out as gay or in a same-sex relationship . 
  friends / family and celebrities humanised the issue . 
  b. organised movements that protested for the issue . 
  another aspect was the aids crisis - which highlighted the importance for couples to have legal protection after multiple tragic stories . 
  a common one being two people living together for decades ; but without legal protection homopobic families often refused hospital visitation rights and even took their home and belongings leaving them with nothing . 
  for polygamy the first two apply but there is also a new third factor : the legal complications that come with 3 partners . 
  with same-sex marriage it was really just a case of changing the wording - but with 3 partners it becomes more complicated due to tax and such, 
  thats understandable . 
  but consider what a trans girl has to think about ; when is the best time to let people know she is trans ? 
  and once she lets people know she is trans - there is a risk that they might react violently . 
  put yourself in their shoes . 
  its a difficult world to navigate, 
  cant say i would mind if i meet an attractive man and he happens to have a vagina ; i could excuse it . 
  there are other ways to make love you do not fall in love with the penis or the tits or the vagina ; you fall in love with the person first and foremost, 
  this is basically it isnt it ; youre afraid that one day youll have sex with a woman and find out shes transgender . 
  and the worst thing ever is having sex with another man because that would make you gay !!!, 
  thats your opinion - and thats fine . 
  my question is why you feel the need to make such a comment about something that doesnt affect you ? 
  i could say hey - white man are creepy as fuck . 
  but i dont because its just rude and pointless . 
  if you would like to know about sex change history - the first procedure was performed by [ dr. harry benjamin ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/harry_benjamin ) in the 1940s  in 1948 , in san francisco , benjamin was asked by alfred kinsey , a fellow sexologist , to see a child who `` wanted to become a girl '' despite being born male ; the mother wished for help that would assist rather than thwart the child . 
   kinsey had encountered the child as a result of his interviews for sexual behavior in the human male , which was published that year . 
  kinsey and benjamin had seen nothing of the like previously . 
   this child rapidly led benjamin to understand that there was a different condition to that of transvestism , under which adults who had such needs had been classified to that time . 
   despite the psychiatrists with whom benjamin involved in the case not agreeing on a path of treatment , benjamin eventually decided to treat the child with estrogen ( premarin , introduced in 1941 ) , which had a `` calming effect '' , and helped arrange for the mother and child to go to germany , where surgery to assist the child could be performed but , from there , they ceased to maintain contact , to benjamin 's regret . 
   however , benjamin continued to refine his understanding and went on to treat several hundred patients with similar needs in a similar manner , often without accepting any payment . 
   the legal , social and medical background to this in the united states , as in many other countries , was often a stark contrast , since wearing items of clothing associated with the opposite sex in public was often illegal , castration of a male was often illegal , anything seen as homosexuality was often persecuted or illegal , and many doctors considered all such people ( including children ) at best denied any affirmation of their gender , or involuntarily subjected to treatments such as drugged detention , electroconvulsive therapy , or lobotomy . 
   many of his patients were referred by david cauldwell , robert stoller , and doctors in denmark . 
  these doctors received hundreds of requests from individuals who had read about their work connected with changing sex , as it was then largely described . 
   though he had already published papers and lectured to professional audiences extensively , benjamin 's 1966 book , the transsexual phenomenon , was immensely important as the first large work describing and explaining the affirmative treatment path he pioneered  benjamin 's patients regarded him as a man of immense caring , respect and kindness , and many kept in touch with him until his death . 
  he was a prolific and assiduous correspondent , in both english and german , and many letters are archived at the magnus hirschfeld archive for sexology , humboldt university , berlin in the usa - the first person to undergo srs was [ christine jorgensen ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christine_jorgensen ) in 1951 . 
  in a letter to friends she said :  as you can see by the enclosed photos , taken just before the operation , i have changed a great deal . 
  but it is the other changes that are so much more important . 
  remember the shy , miserable person who left america ? 
  well , that person is no more and , as you can see , i 'm in marvelous spirits, 
  if i understand you correctly - i dont think puberty blockers influence hormones . 
  they simply provide a dam that stops those hormones from being released .
