sounds like woo to me . 
  it appears to be a knee jerk reaction by people who want to believe that their food should be grown by a picturesque family of artisanal farmers who never spray anything nasty or diverge in any way from the farming practices of the ancient past . 
  i am not a war geek . 
  i have no idea what the statistics might mean in the context of some theory of war . 
  what i have is an odd , and eclectic collection of factoids rattling around in my head that are of no possible use to me except in bar quizzes . 
  check him for a derby hat . 
  he was probably a valet . 
  in terms of wins against losses , you have the best record of any modern nation . 
  your reputation for ineptitude at war is mostly a product of your old enemy england which was taken up with great fervor by the american right wing . 
  i believe that the effect of leaf accumulation may vary by region . 
  for instance , i live in colorado , which is a high , semi-arid climate . 
  we get rainfall of only 14 inches ( 36cm ) a year . 
  if you leave a layer of leaves on your lawn here over the winter the leaves will still be intact in the spring and the mat actually kills the grass on which it is laying . 
  in climates with more rainfall , i am sure that the leaves would rot from fall to spring and you would n't have that problem . 
  in urban areas of the us leaf accumulation is considered an eyesore and you are required to clean them up just as you are required to keep your grass cut . 
  what is it about leaf blowers that confuses you ? 
  what would make you think that nothing grows on a patch of ground after you have run a leaf blower over it ? 
  the ducati factory and museum in bologna . 
  alexander boris de pfeffel johnson , educated at eton and balliol college , oxford . 
  you fucking bet he 's posh . 
  you would be better off trying to claim that he is n't a wanker , but i do n't think that there is anyone who does n't think he 's a wanker . 
  bit of a change though , would n't it be ? 
  swapping a posh wanker for an intellectual transvestite comedian . 
  people of a theological turn of mind tend to say `` god made man , but samuel colt made all men equal . '', 
  the fact of the matter today is that a large proportion of our black population is herded together in economically disadvantaged areas where they tend to shoot each other . 
  oh , do n't get yourself into a tizzy . 
  i own guns . 
  i am not advocating that we take them all away . 
  if i really wanted one i expect that i could buy an rpg . 
  it does n't mean that we should make them freely available to all comers . 
  i think that attitudes about shooting people are quite different in europe and the us . 
  i live on a farm about 10 miles from the nearest town . 
  i recall once when we had to call the police out about a theft from an outbuilding , the advice that the responding officer left us with was , `` if you have to shoot someone , make sure that they are dead and then drag them into the house before you call us . 
  if we find them shot outside of your house you could get into trouble . '', 
  i am not from europe , of course , but i thought that i would chime in just for the record . 
  usa - i can buy any damned weapon that i feel inclined to own , up to and including a [ barrett 50 caliber ] ( http://www.barrett.net/ ) that will drop an elephant from a mile away . 
  when i buy it i am asked to complete a `` background check '' that might come up negative if i am a felon who is currently supposed to be in state custody , but otherwise is unlikely to disqualify me because states are somewhat haphazard in their reporting of disqualifying conditions . 
  this background check takes place while you are in the store , so you can walk out the door with your barrett in hand and start blazing away . 
  once out the door the state is statutorily restrained from tracking the weapon or the owner in any way . 
  if so inclined , i can sell the gun to the first felon who asks me for it with no penalty incurred . 
  i think that the system is insane , but i am not particularly worried about it , because , statistically , i am not one of the people who are likely to get shot . 
  if i were a young black man in the inner city i would be screaming like a stuck pig about it . 
  our gun laws are the equivalent of an open hunting season on people of color . 
  well , that makes sense . 
  thank you . 
  okay , this has been puzzling me for a while . 
  do you know what `` timotei '' means in the context in which she is saying it ? 
  sweden has [ timoteij ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=asrry6hq54w ) . 
  why do they ever enter anyone else ? 
  i am an american , so i have the dubious distinction of being from a country that is simultaneously a cultural backwater , and due to its huge entertainment industry , a cultural leader . 
  i do n't pay any attention to our own sporting events . 
  it is not surprising that i should be unaware of ones that take place half a world away . 
  the name , football , made more sense in the early days of the league , when the rules retained more influence of rugby . 
  there is n't much `` foot '' in the game anymore . 
  no , no . 
  he was talking about krikkit . 
  follow his link . 
  the count of people who think that i am a wise man is up to one . 
  most of the people that i know think that i am a crackpot . 
  i think that would be a great way to do things . 
  i quit going to american football games about 25 years ago . 
  i have said for years that i would go to games again if we had a `` town team '' system , where you could play on denver 's team only if you played high school football in the denver high school system . 
  i fail to see how teams claim any loyalty from their fans . 
  right now it is just a question of who can hire the toughest thugs . 
  you could be british and still be scottish could n't you ? 
  ;-) edit : i do not mean to be snide in any way . 
  i am an american and we really do n't understand these things very well . 
  would ye be scottish as ye ' r name implies ? 
  you will get no argument from me . 
  i played american football in high school and to this day i can not think of a bigger waste of an autumn afternoon . 
  to be fair though i ca n't much think that soccer is an improvement . 
  it is all just a marketing ploy to sell beer and chips and give you the mistaken impression that you are part of a `` community '' while funneling your money into the pockets of some people who are already very wealthy . 
  it strikes me as odd that we pay grown men millions of dollars a year to play a children 's game but we pay the people who we trust with our kid 's education fuck all . 
  what is the champion 's league ? 
  [ ten years after ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3mdu3eq3hns ), 
  welcome to the world of stephen baxter 's recent books , `` stone spring '' and `` bronze summer '' . 
  fair enough , although i must say * my * family was actually thrown out of scotland for trying to organize coal mine workers . 
  here , i have been identifying with frankie boyle and doon mackichan , and it turns out that they do n't even approve of me . 
  okay . 
  well , to be fair , i have no idea how you would deep fry a mars bar . 
  really ? 
  i had no idea . 
  one of our family got on a genealogy kick and tracked down the remaining members of our family who are still in scotland . 
  they do n't seem to hate us . 
  but you are saying that other scottish are not going to be so forgiving ? 
  do they resent the fact that we emigrated in the first place ? 
  so is it time for us scotts living in the colonies to come home ? 
  [ timoteij ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=asrry6hq54w ) . 
  i am a little ashamed about it , but not so much that i do n't keep going back to watch the video . 
  [ tell me about it . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=asrry6hq54w ), 
  i came here to post the very same quote . 
  that is just asinine . 
  given that one in forty men crossdress at some point in their life , it becomes close to a certainty that some of them have dreamed of being a princess . 
  the author has a very limited imagination . 
  was n't most of budapest built before the automobile was common ? 
  most of the car magazines that i take are from england , and have to do with classic cars . 
  they go on at some length about the difficulty of navigating big american cars through london , and down the country lanes of england . 
  i had assumed that continental europe would have similar conditions . 
  is n't it a little difficult getting a car the size of a 70s firebird through the streets in budapest ?
