   alot less to worry about from beligerent nations that 's what nato is for . 
  as far as i know , if a member was attacked , the others would be obliged to help . 
   securing its interests abroad different countries have different interests . 
  but the common ones are already being represented by the eu . 
   ( . . ) and 2 major religous/cultural groups * that dont get along well at all * this is an argument against . 
   we handle it just fine here in the us and there are plenty of divides . 
  tell me the biggest difference between two states in the us , i 'm curious . 
  the states are n't comparable with the countries in europe , apart from the area . 
   ( . . ) essentially maintaining the current governments but adding a new layer on top there is already a layer on the top . 
  there is no need to give it more power . 
  also it would n't make the nations more united . 
  that 's interesting that countries that are more pro-lgbt like germany , france or the us have restrictions in contrast to poland or russia . 
  umm . . wrong pic ? 
  we are different nations , we speak different languages , we have different cultures , priorities , wages , development levels and so forth . 
  there are big issues that divide the eu , for example the immigration crisis or doing business with russia . 
  one of the most important members of the eu is gon na have a referendum whether to stay or quit the union . 
  that shows something . 
  centralising power will leave the societies with even less possibility to control the governing . 
  over the centuries millions of people have fought for sovereignty of their nations . 
  we should respect that and take care of the history , national heritage and identity . 
  right ? 
  to me it 's obvious . 
  we differ too much . 
  nope, 
  possibly, 
  enigma was first broken by the polish cipher bureau, 
  oh , i thought it was russian . . not sure why, 
   do n't allow anyone to tie anything on your fingers ( colorful strings ) what is it for ? 
   country which has thousands of years of history you 've exaggerated here . 
   i 'm not so sure people can think well for themselves in all situations . 
  that 's the problem . 
  unfortunately some think the law itself would change that but it 's the education that is needed more . 
  i 'm sure they have rules in serbia but too many break them . 
  and i mean sensible necessary rules like who has the right of way for instance . 
   first of all , not all jobs are the same and thus not all profit in the same way from such policies . 
   you formulate your premise to automatically discard whatever experience the black applicant might have by insisting they are equally qualified . 
  my example concerns it jobs and the white man is more qualified . 
  skin colour is an irrelevant factor in it . 
  yet i heard that big companies like google have `` diversity recruitment '' programs . 
   why not ignore it if it 's all the same to you anyway ? 
  because the problem is much bigger than mere plasters . 
  it 's political correctness . 
  looking for racism and intolerance where there is none . 
   but besides that , it 's just a good practice . 
   when the time comes , you 've internalized it and are safer . 
  first of all , people should think for themselves . 
  telling you to stand at red light for no reason is like saying `` you 're not able to think for yourself '' . 
  the light should only be an indication for thinking people . 
  because people who do n't think , take it for granted they 're safe seeing the green light and they do n't observe anything more . 
  then an accident may happen anyway . 
  a car turning right on blinking green , some idiot that wo n't stop before the crossing , whatever . 
  we were talking about the ee , however the law that we 're discussing about , does n't exist in france for example . 
  i remember when i did n't know and wanted to wait but then my cousin , who lives there , said i do n't have to . 
  feels nice . 
   the purpose of diversity is to gain a larger pool of ideas . 
  of course but people are diverse regardless their race , gender or sexual orientation etc. 
  anyway in my view equality happens when these factors like skin color or gender are just irrelevant . 
  when it comes to jobs in it for example - what would be achieved by favouring minorities ? 
  nothing but pc and unfairness . 
  let it be two men on the interview , one is black , the other is white . 
  they have similar skills but the white man has some more experience . 
  who would be chosen in a normal situation ? 
  the guy with more experience of course . 
  who would be chosen in a company that have a `` diversity increase '' program ? 
  i guess the guy with worse qualifications but the black one . 
  would n't it be a discrimination ? 
  it would be . 
  i think that 's something simple that anyone can grasp . 
   yeah , because race is a social construct and does n't have to have something to do with skin colour . 
  you 're right . 
  when i was in school they were teaching us about races based of physical differences . 
  and it feels weird to me to use it differently . 
  also there 's a word `` ethinicity '' that fits better for these groups you listed , i think . 
  besides , there may be some difference in usage of `` race '' in english and polish . 
   a small thing that 's the point . 
  it 's a small thing , yet it was presented as if it was a scandal . 
  most of my life i 've been using totally white plasters . 
  and no , they do n't fit my skin , despite i 'm `` white '' . 
  who would feel offended for such a thing ? 
  that poland has passed through a lot of history and hopefully it 'll get better and better . 
   i 'm totally cool with standing at the stop light when there is no traffic . 
  do n't you think it 's a stupid law ? 
  i follow the rules too , but ones like this are annoying and pointless so it 's understandable that some people ignore them . 
   but other times i hear `` i hate political correctness '' what 's wrong with that ? 
  the problem with the pc is that some people ( mainly in the west ) are treating minorities as if they were better people . 
  for example some big companies focus on getting more black/lgbt/etc people . 
  i ca n't understand that because they say they do that `` for equality '' when it 's actually something against equality . 
  actually at my university women got some extra points in a eu program , just because they are women . 
  it 's silly and i have n't met anyone who would n't at least smile at that . 
  another thing is calling someone racist . 
  i ca n't count how many times i saw it used when the case was nothing about skin colour . 
  also i remember in sweden some were saying that it 's racist not to have skin-color-fitting plasters in a pharmacy , ridiculous . 
  i suspected something might be wrong 'cause i 've just loosely translated all the names without research on etymology :p, 
  sure but what i say is my opinion . 
  plus the church gets public money too . 
  i 'd say there are better ways to invest money . 
  but czech republic 's society is not religious and they 're one place higher, 
  not really popular but old : [ idzie \u017co\u0142nierz borem , lasem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3p2pr6kuxta ) [ duma rycerska ( xvi century ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vl6zmiw3iwq ) these are considered the first polish anthems : [ gaude mater polonia ( xiv century ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wv8lrictwxe ) [ bogurodzica ( around xiii-xiv ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3p2pr6kuxta ) other well-known patriotic songs ( xx century , before wwii ) : [ my , pierwsza brygada ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r23lnd-lvd4 ) [ rota ] ( https://youtu.be/8hey52n_oo4?t=8s ), 
  i do n't think so , never heard it before . 
  [ * polack * is derogatory ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polack ),
