   also at my university there a multiple christian groups which do n't have trouble to attract new members really ? 
  are these groups evangelicals ? 
  like those in america and brazil . 
  so where do you get the idea that there are more active christian in germany ? 
   the church receives annually 25,000,000 for `` compensation why does the church receive a compensation ? 
   well i 'd say more pseudo-religious mostly , did georgia experience a religious revival like poland ? 
  or was it more like in russia where everyone is orthodox but do n't really do anything related to the church ? 
  do you know what is a vicar ? 
  i was asking more along the lines of protestants , but ok .  church is the richest organization that 's because the orthodox church is really corrupt , is n't it ? 
   plus they are very respected . 
  that 's because georgians are religious , are n't they ? 
   young people go to church / are christians . 
  are they immigrants ? 
   a slight increase again in christians that actively participate in their church . 
  is n't the church attendance rate less than 10 % in germany ? 
  interesting . 
  source ? 
  i do n't understand why someone who 's not religious would want to be a priest . 
  are there benefits to being a priest ? 
  do get special treatment by people ? 
  what do priests even do in finland ? 
  was n't that priest expelled from the protestant church ? 
  can you link me to the study ? 
  and what about the nuns ? 
  i may be wrong because i used google translate but does n't he say he 's lutheran ? 
  lutheran churches have nuns ? 
  are there still a lot of christians sweden ? 
   not writing in latin cut them off from european scientists though . 
  that did n't stop russians . 
  lol you 're not even brazilian . 
   when inquisitions were culling scientific progress you know [ ask historians has some pretty good threads about the inquisition ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/1tsrvu/how_common_was_it_for_someone_in_the_medieval/cebs5i4http://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/1tsrvu/how_common_was_it_for_someone_in_the_medieval/cebs5i4 ) maybe you should read about them . 
   has left a lot of breathtaking islamic architecture in southeastern europe what breathtaking architecture ? 
  all the imperial mosques are in turkey and the arab countries afaik and i for one would n't exactly call the scores of buildings they left in the balkans `` breathtaking '' especially if you compare it with what the moors left . 
   as well as fostered serious scientific progress throughout the the coming centuries . 
  we all remember all those great ottoman scientists and their achievements ... oh wait . 
  so what happened to the people of kresy ? 
  are n't most of the poles in the west descendents from refugees from the eastern parts that were ceded to te ussr ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i 've never met any fundamentalist in my life . 
  do you have fundamentalists in ireland ? 
   in places like brazil alright . 
  i do n't know what kind of problems are they causing in brazil other than attacking catholic churches . 
   how do we prevent this ? 
  prevent what ? 
  evangelicals are still growing in america . 
  they 're also converting catholics in latin america and pagans in africa and india . 
  she can be light skinned and still be an ethnic minority . 
  just sayin ' . 
  they are not using burqas , their veils are called niqabs . 
  just sayin ', 
   tended and the services observed , what services ? 
   but you asked if people still practice this stuff ? 
  yes . 
  who ? 
  also i do n't really get what you 're trying to say . 
  at the beginning you say it 's not religion but then you said its is because the demons in the bible were translated using the names of pre-existing deities but people did n't know how did they looked so they portrayed them as their local folklore ( meta ? 
  no , they are n't . 
  there are parts of mexico where there are gnome-like to which they build little shrines but that does n't mean people are praying to chaac . 
   many of them now are businessmen . 
  what kinda of business ? 
   `` volunteered '' for do you mean forced to become one ? 
  i thought you were talking about people actually practicing your pre-christian religion not local folklore being replaced . 
   most isreali citizens are of european descent no , they arent ` t. 
  most israelis are arabs or mizrahi jews from the mena region . 
  also as far as i know most ashkenazi are descendants from jews that arrived from the levant to europe . 
  i 've read that the ussr and other communists states got rid off the priests that resisted compliance with them and were replaced with friendly people who 'd collaborate with them , without taking into account their religious credentials , is this true ? 
   the conversion was finished only with television in finland source ? 
   i guess being russian is more of cultural thing than of genes . 
  interesting . 
  is intermarriage common in russia ? 
  and if it is , is it more common with some groups ( finnics , turks , caucasian , jews , other slavs ) than with others ? 
   there are reports of ethnic-based crimes in bigger cities i 've read russians do n't like central asian immigrants . 
   it 's for people of mixed races i thought tatars were darker and looked more asian than russians . 
   usually ends up being russian , like in '' \u0420\u043e\u0441\u0441\u0438\u044f\u043d\u0438\u043d '' ? 
  is there a lot of ethnic discrimination in russia ? 
  do you guys have like a different name for people of mixed origins like in in latin america ( mestizo , pardo ) ? 
  or everyone is russian ? 
  how do you know he 's not using tor ? 
  or a proxy or vpn ? 
  the catholic church has never denied evolution , the ones who deny it are evangelicals . 
  also what does galileo have to do with evolution ? 
  because some people have religious conviction ? 
  why do you care what some people accept as truth ? 
  i 'm non religious and i could n't care less . 
  the catholic church does n't deny evolution . 
  just sayin ' . 
   more open-minded about this . . why ? 
  sudan must be really hypocritical . 
  [ so what exactly changed since 2013 ? 
  ] ( http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-morality/ ) or you just like to pretend ? 
  what does colombia have to do with this ? 
   ca n't say how is it in other middle-eastern i did n't know poland was in the middle east . 
  so how did the sudanese youth became so liberal compared to the rest of the arab world ? 
  or are you only talking about the upper class youth ? 
  so where is your proof ? 
  have you sent it to the moods ? 
  lol , why would the us bombed venezuela if they invaded guyana ? 
  what importance does guyana have for them ? 
  sad . 
  if it makes you feel any better you 're like the best turkic country there is .
