can you actually stab your eye with an umbrella ? 
  because my mom used to say that when i was little but i 've never heard of anyone actually stabbing themselves with one . 
  according to the article , is already dead . 
  do protestant countries do n't do this ? 
  the sami and the mari peoples were the last to convert not lithuanians . 
  most poles are catholic but very few are also irish . 
  lovely . 
  it 's called both by different peoples but the first name i heard was xinjiang and i like that name better . 
  and albania acomplished it by torture , persecution , prohibition and propaganda :  the monastery of the franciscan order in shkod\u00ebr was set on fire , which resulted in the death of four elderly monks . 
   the penal code of 1977 imposed prison sentences of three to ten years for `` religious propaganda and the production , distribution , or storage of religious literature . '', 
   more than 200 clerics of various faiths were imprisoned , others were forced to seek work in either industry or agriculture , and some were executed or starved to death . 
   officials tried to entrap practicing christians and muslims during religious fasts , such as lent and ramadan , by distributing dairy products and other forbidden foods in school and at work http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religion_in_albania#communist_albania  interfere with logic yet albania one of the most irreligious countries in europe had the lowest score on pisa tests : http://jakubmarian.com/map-of-the-results-of-pisa-student-assessment-studies-in-mathematics-reading-and-science-in-europe/ so much for being all about science and logic . 
  this is more than 1 year old . 
  i remember i read it before . 
  it 's called xinjiang not `` uighur '' . 
  is china being sanctioned also ? 
  i had never heard of slavery in estonia . 
  does the state provide funding for religious organizations ? 
  is the lutheran church of estonia , the orthodox church , neopagans , and atheists concentrated somewhere in estonia , like how in america mormons are mostly in utah ? 
  thanks for replying . 
  is n't france like 40-60 % catholic still ? 
  are religious people also mocked in estonia ? 
  someone one once told me that since moselle and alsace do n't have those laws regarding the church , because they were part of the german empire at the time , they are more religious than other parts of france , is true ? 
  if not , does france have more religious region ( like the bible belt or the midwest in america ) and an irreligious region ( like the pacific northwest ) ? 
  if the catholic church came clean with its these scandals do you think its image would improve ? 
  what was the old religion of the estonians called ? 
  is there a revival of it ? 
  if so how are neopagans viewed ? 
  is it true that religious people are mocked in estonia ? 
   i guess varg vikerns would be a famous example of this , i do n't like him : /, 
  did n't pagans also have gods ? 
  is the head of the republic a ceremonial position or the actual head of government ? 
  do you ask all your friends if they believe in god ? 
  how convenient . 
  a lot of turks claim this yet they never have anything to back them up . 
  no , it 's not . 
  part of tunisia 's heritage lies with carthage but modern-day tunisia is in no way its successor state . 
  mexico 's the eleventh most populated country in the world and the second in latin america ( after brazil 's 200 million ) and we may get the 10th spot if japan 's population keeps decreasing . 
  sorry , i was on mobile . 
  anyways , mexico 's population is over 110 million people and tunisia 's i think only over 10 million so maybe that 's why . 
  do you like the eu ? 
  or why do you have the eu flag ? 
  just curious . 
  cool . 
  i thought all cumans had assimilated with the hungarians . 
  is your family turkish-hungarian ? 
  just curious . 
  i have n't heard of any significant immigration from either country to the other . 
  20 % of israeli jews are secular . 
  why do n't you answer me ? 
  is any of them wear as everyday clothing ? 
  if so , is it the old one or the new one ? 
  if not , when are they used ? 
  just curious . 
  which one is more popular ? 
   turks in western turkey are actually more greek than turkic . 
  actually most of those people were hellenized anatolians . 
  how is it going so far ? 
  in mexico most people have strong religious believes and we have gay marriage , just recently one in state in the north ( which is considered one of the most conservative and religious regions of the country ) legalized gay marriage and even though it 's not legal in all states as long as it 's performed inside one where it is , it 's recognized anywhere in the country . 
  and it 's also legal in brazil where as far as i know is also a rather religious country . 
  why do you have an israeli flair ? 
  if you do n't mind me asking . 
  why did the percentage diminish in languedoc-rousillon ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  no , it 's not . 
  i 'm mexican and i 've never heard anyone call it like that . 
  were n't lots and lots of the russian orthodox church taken from then during the soviet times ? 
  how is it heavily based on orthodoxy ? 
  the mexican revolution throw out president porfirio diaz not the spanish . 
  i 'm mexican and everyone i know goes to church every sunday but the national average is 45 % . 
  you have a source for that ? 
  \u2022 what is lutheranism 's role in finnish society ? 
  \u2022 why is the lutheran church of finland so liberal ? 
  \u2022 why are there no nuns or monks in lutheranism ? 
  \u2022 why are there no saints ? 
  \u2022 do lutherans have holidays ? 
  \u2022 if so ... how are they celebrated ? 
  \u2022 is it true that finland is the most religious countries of the nordics ? 
  \u2022 are you lutheran ? 
  thanks for taking the time to answer my questions . 
   of the nordic countries , in finland , religion is still an important part of everyday culture why is it more important in finland than in the rest of the nordic countries ? 
   the confirmation camp lutherans have confirmation ? 
   laestadians are the best known , but there are adventists , awakening ( k\u00f6rttil\u00e4isyys ) , why are they present in finland ? 
  are they present in other nordic countries ? 
  could you write a little summary for each of them ? 
  tbh i do n't really understand what church titles mean . 
  ok , but they 'll come later as i 'm writing all i can think of . 
  thanks again . 
  this is very interesting . 
  since you seem to be knowledgeable in the subject may i ask you some more questions regarding lutheranism in finland ? 
  can i ask absolutely anything ? 
  because i feel like i have tons of questions related to lutheranism , germany and related subjects . 
  ok . expect more question later as i write all the ones i can think of . 
  thanks . 
   one look at the church attendance what is the attendance rate ? 
  also how does attending church figure in orthodoxy ? 
  like are you expected to attend every week ? 
  so what is the difference with a priest ? 
  hmm ... are you lutheran ? 
  if so can i ask you some questions ?
