  these hooligans do represent the country to that guy who was beaten up , to anyone who reads this article and to anyone who hears about it . 
  people do n't know much about poland apart from the stories that break through to the news , and this story has all the potential to be on the news . 
  but do n't blame russia for everything either , i think it 's a lot more complicated than ` just putin ' . 
  i gave you two examples man . 
  if you want more , watch podziemna.tv 's recent video . 
  this guy is really good at hiding his intention though . 
  when he says shit about muslims he looks truly ` concerned ' about those poor european people , getting assaulted left and right . 
  fuck that , i just want the people of my country to realize what our real problems are , but who 's gon na listen to me ? 
  not these brainless pseudo ` right-wing ' people . 
  i always get down-voted to hell whenever i criticize them on their extreme views on muslims . 
  i can only hope they 're not going to get more organized with what they do/are planning on doing and that they will not take it outside of poland . 
  my god , all of these fucking retards bring shame to my country , and it 's not even like migrants are a problem to us , they really are n't . 
  just go watch some ` independent polish media ' , they will tell you that muslims are literally animals who should be either shot or deported , and that people need to get guns right now , no matter if they can pass any tests or not . 
  check out maxtv on youtube people , this guy literally wants everyone in poland to have guns , so we can get our own high school shootings and whatever . 
  he also wants to deport all muslims from europe right now . 
  or this channel : wideoprezentacje . 
  just go to his videos and check out the flairs . 
  half of all of them are screaming arab men , and in his commentaries the guy pulls numbers out of his ass to scaremonger . 
  i do n't know why they 're doing this , but it sure as hell looks organized to me . 
  tbh the way nazis ran their country by i.e. 
  forcing people into employment on their projects ( like autobahn ) , spying on everyone and making people dress how they want , behave like they want , or show up where they want implies they were heavily left-wing , since the government controlled so many aspects of people 's lives . 
  nazis did not cut down the staffing in government institutions , they increased it , and that alone goes against the foundations of right wing . 
  also , they gave benefits for children . 
  edit : and yeah , you 're going to offend many polish people with your opinions . 
  and so am i. i tried speaking out against people who outright lie and boost statistics of muslim crime , but people always hush me down . 
  like , they tell you the statistics are wrong , and the numbers are larger , maybe 1000 rapes instead of 100 , but they never tell you where the f do they pull those statistics from . 
  i 'm telling you , many of these are artificial and under strong influence of the ` independent media ' ( see max kolonko and his 2nd channel maxtv on youtube , for example ) . 
  i do n't know what 's the point in all this , but my country sure is becoming very similar to what germany was before ww2 in regards to hating a foreign ethnic group . 
  do n't worry i 'd protect you . 
  see here , i myself struggle to understand why my fellow countrymen even care about this at all , the last time i 've checked there were no muslims in the area i live in , maybe a couple who go to uni ( since its free in pl ) , but those are easy to tell apart . 
  some of the most subscribed-to youtube channels and other media which claim to not be under any political influence commit so much of their coverage to describing the ` muslim invaders ' in gross detail , that i 'm beginning to get suspicious about all this . 
  this will also cause huge unrest amongst the muslims who have already arrived , and there are more than enough in your country to make several terror attacks . 
  it 's either you people accept more , deport most of them , or face the consequences of letting them in unchecked . 
  poland is a much older state than russia , and was n't a creation of the soviet union ( like belarus or ukraine ) , but fell into it when allies gave us up to russia . 
  we 're not russia 's child , it 's more like russia was the crazy guy who kidnapped us and locked us up in his basement . 
  not everyone , just the people who are dumb enough to not foresee the consequences of this , and at the same time loud enough to voice their opinion everywhere they can . 
  they choose to dress the way they do . 
  muslim women are more often than not forced to wear burkinis . 
  i just do n't get the whole leftist/rightist split coming into every discussion . 
  this issue does n't even have anything to do with whether your political views are more or less socialistic . 
  but currently the biggest shitstorm revolves around refugees and their relligion not being compatible with ours . 
  letting people know you respect/follow christianity can go a long way in a dire situation . 
  well i would rather paint this picture for him now than have some sebix paint his face purple mofo , like it or not . 
  not a leftist , anyway , what does knowing that there 's pathology in places in this country have to do with being a leftist ? 
  i know for a fact that attacks happened , and it does n't affect our reputation overseas well , letting people know how to avoid that is the same as letting people know how to behave around shrines when you go to a native american village , we are homogeneous people . 
  man if you wan na come to poland right now i strongly suggest you display some catholic religious symbols , like wear a necklace with a cross , just so people do n't assume stuff ( no need to actually believe it ) . 
  a latino guy was beaten up not long ago just cause he looked middle-eastern . 
  nobody wants you to have a bad experience , some people just assume that foreign + dark = refugee loaded with bombs , cause we do n't get many people who are n't poles . 
  and some skinhead might feel like giving social justice to anyone who looks even remotely different , cause they 're probably isis , lol . 
  and yet , if that refugee was n't there in the first place she would n't have ended up dead because of him , or more likely his cultural and religious background getting too deep into his mind . 
  i know it depends entirely on each individual person , but this is a war refugee who came from a society filled with religious nuts , especially in current times , and why on earth is he allowed to form close ties with a woman whom he probably perceived as inferior to him , or even wander off from his camp in turkey or greece , to travel to germany with his luggage of mental illness ? 
  working in library was his job , it does n't have anything to do with why he would kill someone , it 's a job like any other , and culturally he was no different from people around him . 
  your argument is illogical . 
  i guess it all depends on where she is going to go school ( rural schools are worse from my perspective ) and whether there 's gon na be a group of fellow foreigners there for her to merge with or not . 
  in my hs all of the other kids were natives to this country . 
  i was the only ` alien ' among hundreds of teenagers , so i guess you could say that my case is extreme and some ` bullying ' was bound to occur . 
  if most people rejected her , it does n't take serious bullying anymore . 
  she probably felt like shit ( like i did ) because she was n't accepted , and then when you hear people talk about you like you are shit , it goes beyond just feeling bad . 
  in my case it just turned into complete numbness . 
  i isolated myself from these people . 
  but not everyone is strong enough to go through years of life without being accepted . 
  it 's not so much a cornwall thing , but rather what happens when there are very few foreigners . 
  i was the only polish kid in my high school ( in staffordshire ) and i swear a day did n't go by without people shouting my name out in a weirdly modulated voice , stuffing trash into my bag while i was in pe , etc. 
  the school staff did n't care , because what could they do ? 
  now , i 'm a guy and i can take it and deal with it , most people probably saw that i was n't bothered so they just used me to put their anger out on . 
  but she was a girl who visibly suffered enough from racism-based bullying to see it as the biggest issue she dealt with at school . 
  i do n't think the people responsible for affecting her life in such way should be given a free pass . 
  unfortunately , like u said , the new reich is too nicely packaged to provoke any resistance . 
  at least we still have enough autonomy to be able to deny muslims , but the amount of brainwashing and the political/economical influence of germany ... 
  it 's just insane . 
  and they 're still making worse products to export to us . 
  no joke . 
  if you buy a german brand in poland you 're getting half the quality . 
  but the ads are nice , so people ignore the facts . 
  you 're right , i 'll unsubscribe . 
  too many posts here are filling me with rage . 
  this thief , pig and traitor to his country , and you 're citing him . 
  fuck tusk , or better hang him . 
  return to who ? 
  germany ? 
  poland ? 
  lithuania ? 
  maybe its best left alone . 
  huh ? 
  poland was a kingdom since before the first millenia . 
  are you saying russia made us ? 
  it 's more like russia was formed to withstand raids from us , cossacks and the steppe hordes . 
  we actually had a hand in creating this monster . 
  in an ideal world , that would be the honorable way to handle these things . 
  russia was n't the good guy for doing what they did , but their justification for it was in my opinion sufficient . 
  crimea was a symbolic gift many years ago under ussr , and it just is n't ukraine . 
  the property in these lands which can be claimed my germans should be returned , yes . 
  as soon as they pay us war reparations for utterly destroying our country from which we never quite recovered . 
  well at least france did n't ` pop-up ' 70 years ago and was n't created by an oppressive communist regime . 
  poland may not have political influence in lwow , but a lot of polish buildings , items and even people are still there . 
  it was n't a ukrainian city by any means even 50 years ago , ussr just drew the border that way because they could n't annex poland . 
  so they took what they could and left us with a shitload of german land to contain ( which many germans now claim we stole ) . 
  as to crimea , the people there are in large part ethnically russian and share russian culture ( like most of eastern ukraine ) . 
  it makes sense that they want to join the stronger federation , and leave weak and poor ukraine . 
  what , the one in 1994 ?
