i think it 's wrong to even consider the possibility . 
  it would bring us one step closer to a war . 
  they invaded our border , if we took out a helicopter that would be another step to increase the tension in between us . 
  this is how ww 1 broke out , one incident too many . 
  oh , so it 's ok to shoot down a flying vehicle with a person inside and increase the tension between us and russia just because turkey did it and did n't cause a war to break out ? 
  well , let 's go do it then !, 
  we do n't want to fight russia , thank you very much . 
  tbh if a war broke out i sincerely hope my government will surrender early this time , cause if not , then they will bury us in fallout . 
  well , at least we do n't eat horses . 
  because russia does not equal soviet union . 
  what recent events ? 
  the sanctions we had to impose on russia ? 
  how their intervention helped restore some order to allied syria ? 
  the way the polish gov completely disregards russia as a potential partner in anything ? 
  i know what they did in ukraine , but we are not ukraine , and their attitude to russia was hostile as well . 
  i just want to say that i hate this about reddit . 
  if you do n't share the popular view that usa is the good guy and russia the bad guy the hive mind will bury you in downvotes . 
  well , i wo n't delete this comment and i stand by my opinion . 
  russia would make for a better ally anyway . 
  the us promised us a proper missile defense system back in obama 's first presidency , he was like ` dont worry about russia , we got this ' . 
  no missile defense as of today and all us troops are stationed in germany , they gave up on us already . 
  hey i 'm polish and i love all slavic people , to me we 're like one big family yo . 
  no , but seriously . 
  ca n't we have a referendum in all post-commonwealth countries ? 
  a modern , democratic commonwealth , where all nations have an equal standing could potentially make us a player bigger than russia , like we were in the past . 
  i spit on this entire system . 
  were it up to me poland would be a technocracy with renowned economists , scientists and engineers running the country , and not these funny cretins who fight for publicity like monkeys that we get now . 
  criticize my arguments all you want , but you 're taking a side here . 
  all i 'm trying to say is that according to modern standards , our country is free , and the government will not arrest you for saying that they 're a bunch of parasite shits on the web ( unlike , for example , the government of turkey ) . 
  and lastly , smolensk . 
  did it really play out in favor of pis ? 
  i remember that for almost a whole year j. kaczynski was caught on his words at least weekly , and the stronger coalition managed to ridicule the tragedy to the point where we have not even recovered the plane body , and no proper investigations have been conducted , apparently because we do n't want to damage our relations with russia or something . 
  i personally do n't believe the plane was sabotaged , but ffs , this was the elite of our nation . 
  our president had a car accident recently and more was done about this than smolensk . 
  fuck , it 'd be hard to find a source . 
  i remember reading comments on demotywatory.pl or facebook where people voiced their criticism , but fact is , no one came out on the streets to protest or anything . 
  people just disliked this government for its incompetency . 
  the ` president ' could n't even spell . 
  his popular nickname was bul , because he misspelled the word `` b\u00f3l '' like this when he signed into some memorial book or something . 
  they were a total joke . 
  i do n't want people to call my country a regime , ` ts all . 
  poland is a free country . 
  without smolensk po would not stay in power for 8 years , i assure you . 
  the way they turned kaczynski into a ` madman ' using clever manipulation and the fact that pis lost some key party members meant that po had no competitors . 
  are you saying that regime has already been established because pis attempted to make changes to constitutional court ? 
  is there a secret police ? 
  are there show trials ? 
  anything that limits your freedom of speech , apart from leftovers after po which prevent you from criticizing homosexuals or people who follow a different faith ? 
  po would not stay in power for 8 years of smolensk did n't happen . 
  they barely managed to with it in place , because they were the only party with enough influence after pis took a blow . 
  about the court saying it was fine , i can tell you right now , that almost anyone can be bribed , and in a poor country like ours it 's even easier when you have the money . 
  now do n't tell me that just because they 're in constitutional court they 're incorruptible , incorruptible only happens when you fight for a higher cause and they probably do n't give a shit . 
  sorry , i do n't have time to translate a full legal document , basically they elected two new judges for themselves , and probably added a couple of loopholes , which would be very hard to find . 
  otherwise why would they do it ? 
  po did nothing good while they were in power , they used their position for money laundering and to exploit the law , while people kept running from the country and businesses kept shutting down . 
  when they were elected for the 2nd time masses were calling them out on returning a fake vote count . 
  oh , but of course . 
  keep living the dream in which our economy sustains itself without sources of income . 
  i 'm sure as hell not going back to a place where people celebrate our brands and industry being sold out . 
  and have some respect for your country 's produces , many of these fiats work to this day , and many people who normally could not afford cars were able to afford this ` irredeemable shit ' . 
  but oh , well , have fun on the buses when you can no longer afford having a car . 
  you must be well-off and not have living grandparents , who struggle to buy their medicine and afford heating for winter . 
  you simply do n't understand , because you do n't see it . 
  poland does n't have its own supermarkets anymore , poland uses ebay and amazon instead of its own services . 
  poland imports all produced food ( for example baby food ) from countries like germany . 
  poland does not produce its own cars . 
  poland does not produce its own aircraft . 
  poland 's agriculture is severely crippled by eu ( so many people ca n't meet the standards rich western countries set us ) . 
  the city i used to live in , lublin , used to have a cigarette press and a pasta factory , they are both being closed now because they have been bought by foreign ` investors ' . 
  so many more examples i could bring up . 
  communism was n't better , but poland left in the worse way possible . 
  we literally traded our entire country to the west in exchange for freedom to travel/make a runner for the next 40-50 years , before we bankrupt , or end up like ukraine did . 
  more like evidence of how our brands and industry are ruined by foreign people buying them and sabotaging them , there is no evidence for pre-1989 stuff , at least not for people like us . 
  but downvote me if you want . 
  i do n't live in our country anymore , and i 'm watching my friends get poorer with time from a distance . 
  do n't . 
  believe in what you want to believe . 
  i just want you to realize that very few people who put so much work into their ` message ' actually mean it , but you would n't get it . 
  have you ever studied propaganda ? 
  in depth ? 
  the way it works is that these people will never tell you the exact words , but listen to them long enough and you 'll start making them yourself . 
  i wo n't explain this to you further , since you think i 'm a biased crazy , no point . 
  but these people do imply what i said enough , that if you scroll down to the comments on their videos you will most likely see what i stated , posted by influenced people . 
  wow , you moved on to insults , and you 're trying to make me look delusional . 
  way to go . 
  the only two things i care about are the well-being and the reputation of my country . 
  people who verbally attack minorities ruin that reputation . 
  and my opinion is not biased . 
  his opinion is biased , yours is biased . 
  i find the fact that so many polish people are concerned about things like immigrants , while our own people are running the country very , very sad . 
  and you defending that propagandist is even sadder . 
  jesus , a figure like him is n't going to say this stuff out loud . 
  someone in the comment section probably did though . 
  look for subtle things , this guy is n't making his videos because he 's so god damn concerned about those poor europeans ( he himself is american at this point ) . 
  to tell you the truth he probably does n't give a flying fuck , he either wants publicity or he 's enforcing an agenda . 
  and this conversation is n't going to work if you down-vote every one of my responses . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rki3sfymsdg - and the description says in bold letters : ` petition for the right to bear arms ' . 
  if he did n't want to connect his ` struggle ' for easy access to firearms with the issue of muslim migrants , he would n't put that in there . 
  and these ` youtube channels ' call themselves independent media . 
  i put that ` independent polish media ' thing inside apostrophes for a reason too .
