fattemah 's choices : stay in warzone , apply for asylum in greece/hungary/serbia / macedonia or live on welfare in germany/sweden, 
  he 's madrid 's new dive coach . 
  very good point my friend . 
  hungarians did immigrate to panonia in 900 ad and then king stephen i converted to christianity to integrate into europe . 
  he even fought against his relatives for his christianity . 
  so next time you wan na give le reddit history lesson , do some research . 
  wolfsburg is dead now . 
  so what is democracy then ? 
  please enlighten me . 
  oh shit , that wasnt expected at aaaaaaall . 
  you want democracy , ey ? 
  lets hold referendums in all of the countries , lets see who wants the beggers . 
  imagine all the fucking planning it took to pull of 9/11 , probably months/years of planning , how to get into thae us . 
  now they can just fucking stroll in europe do whatever the fuck they want . 
  didint you know the huge influence the taliban has in hungary ? 
  also , the nazis , dont forget the nazis . 
  but they get to keep their country civilized . 
  it 's a price worth paying . 
  ... at migrants who tried to violate hungary 's border . 
  my heritage is also armenian and my ancestors fled during the genocide . 
  they settled in transylvania , even changed their names to sound more hungarian and it 's been like that for 100 years . 
  oh blow me . 
  orban said the eu sent 50 people to help , thats less than the people who work in the kitchen to feed the police . 
  thanks eu , thanks a fucking lot . 
  travelling to budapest , is it safe ? 
  yes it is . 
  yes it is . 
  avoid the same things you 'd avoid in poland and you 'll be fine . 
  gypsies and dark alleys . 
  he 's right . 
  there 's no war in serbia/greece/macedonia . 
  and i like how at no point in this he calls them refugees . 
  well played . 
  it 's not the first time hungary has to keep europe safe , historically speaking . 
  surprise surprise . 
  and a couple of refugee deterrents , such as land mines . 
  i love how the bbc 's tone in this article is like `` oh mr. orban is sending them to the gas chamber . '', 
  oh , so this is why the other thread got deleted . 
  they are black . 
  right . 
  n\u00e9ger = black person in hungarian , not offensive . 
  dna has enough work to do with the current country . 
  unification with moldova would set back romania at least 15 years . 
  no thank you . 
  `` french national '', 
  ah yes , exactly what was needed to start the victimization of those poor muslim immigrants . 
  whats the source on that 1.187 ? 
  oh this shit makes me so angry . 
  so it 's our fault ? 
  eastern europe is being labeled as racist but i sure as hell feel safer here . 
  already victimizing yourself ? 
  too soon bro . 
  i always buy all my vegetables at my local farmers market . 
  all these people sound like they are dj 's . 
  i do n't think that 's how it works . 
  the migrants wont risk being outed as migrants so they wo n't want to get processed . 
  have n't we 've gone through this last summer ? 
  they dont want to be `` processed in europe '' , they just want to go to germany . 
  build a wall and have them build it . 
  op was talking about performance evaluation while i was talking about physical education, 
  i think we are talking about different things . 
  i guess you need 3x elementary reading classes . 
  body and mind . 
  they are 2 different things . 
  sure , those 9 hours of science classes will make you smart but youre putting a big strain on your body with sitting in a classroom on uncomfortable chairs for nine fucking hours , minimum , according to your theory . 
  23 % of girls and 28 % of boys between the ages of 11 and 17 are obese in hungary . 
  you need the extra pe classes . 
  source : http://www.oecd.org/health/obesity-update-2014.pdf, 
  `` meanwhile the government decided that there should be pe every day ... '' that 's not a bad thing though . 
  well said . 
  i dont want to visit vegas of the fucking caribbean . 
  there 's a reason cuba is special , mostly because it 's been untouched by your filthy commercial hands . 
  i dont care about the us ' or obama 's relationship with cuba or some capitol building . 
  one of the reasons i want to visit that place is to disconnect , not walk around time square . 
  my top 3 travel destinations : 3 . 
  nepal : it 's truly beautiful and i would love to go backpacking there . 
  cuba : i wan na see it untouched before the americans ruin it with bud light billboards . 
  north korea : i ` ll never have the chance to time travel in my lifetime and this is the closest thing i can get to visit romania in 1970 . 
  mkay dude , im a filthy racist then . 
  then you would most likely prove that even 2nd or 3rd generation immigrants have failed to integrate , as im sure you are well aware that * 1000 men `` of arab or north african appearance '' * are not of german ancestry . 
  `` we '' are the people who live in europe , `` they '' are the immigrants with backwards mentalities . 
  either very pc admins , which i dont agree with , or poor guy is a muslim and is tired of hearing all this shit , which quite frankly i understand . 
  well this is gon na get locked in 30 minutes so i might as well post now . 
  we went from them having to integrate in our society to us having to adapt to their bullshit . 
  worse , romanian arsenal fan . 
  russia is gon na want to annex the shit out of you . 
  it 's gon na come down to a referendum in romania if we want to annex you and there 's no chance in hell it 's going to happen . 
  ever . 
  i ca n't wait for alien dictators to store their wealth in your banks . 
  holy shit dude , i do claim superiority . 
  100 % of it . 
  our girls might be slutty but we dont execute people in the streets . 
  fuck no . 
  `` dont just give me an example of gulf states where there is a idiotically rich upper class that lives better than in romania !, 
  as i bet you wouldnt like to be a woman or a foreign worker there ... '', 
  gyozike already alive for that . 
  how so ? 
  this is one of the biggest pet peeves i have with american young adults . 
  it 's not like you have to share a room with your parents , but you 'd still move out in a 2 room aparetment and basically eat ramen for 5 years , somehow that feels better for them . 
  i ` m 26 , living with my parents , have a full time job so im not home all that much and not needing to pay rent saves me about 50 % of my salary for fun stuff .
