  it is so wild that people like you exist . 
  eagerly looking forward to more international relations insights . 
  this is fascinating . 
  i think that is obvious . 
  the us took advantage of a void in power after the collapse of the soviet union and got all we could out of it . 
  what we see now is a regression to the mean . 
  it was never going to last forever . 
  people who thought that were as dumb as the other guy in this thread dividing up us territory with russia . 
  america never dominated because of good will . 
  it was and always will be a direct product of hard power . 
  now that other entities have grown so much it 's ridiculous to expect the us to retain its position decade over decade . 
  but it 's not the world revolting . 
  it 's mainly other powers coming into their own . 
  north korea has a bigger military than the us by your measure too . 
  russia is not a military ally of europe . 
  your analysis is laughable . 
  you obviously have no background with this and frankly you are embarrassing yourself . 
  lol . 
  hey russia we are having a spying row with the us , mind sending all your weapons and armament to fight a military larger than yours and ours combined . 
  oh and send a generation or two of your sons and daughters too . 
  thanks . 
  pure idiocy . 
  do people think this still . 
  i mean even a few years yeah you can blame other countries but such a prolonged crisis with the rest of the world already recovering is clearly an internal problem . 
  yes it is hyperbole . 
  bugs and planted spies from other countries have been found and publicized without any talk of war . 
  russia began to share power the moment it was forced to . 
  when it felt it had a shot they were merciless . 
  europe will not be any better . 
  every time it had real power over the world it exercise it just as brutally and probably more so than any other nation . 
  see colonization era , world war ii germany etc. 
  i think now people are starting to see . 
  you ca n't have friends and be a world power . 
  as lofty as ideals are the eu ca n't me the moral force for good that it has set out to be and still ascend to where it wants to be . 
  i could be wrong but its an uphill battle . 
  and it 's unprecedented . 
  all powers are necessarily self serving and enemies with anyone that can rival them . 
  to not be is offering them too great an advantage . 
  i 'm going to get downvoted so hard for this but no . 
  among sovereign world powers it is expected and commonplace . 
  if they can pull it off its fair game . 
  eu countries have been client states for quite some time so these things were not as focused and if caught lot were easily hidden as their patrons security interests took precedence over national outrage and interests over spying . 
  now that europe is emerging as a rival to these powers the public is much more exposed as to what is going on . 
  you 'll get caught doing the same soon enough . 
  but that 's demonstrably false and everyone up votes and believes because they are mad about the nsa . 
  the us ca n't drone strike chechens inside of russia . 
  no invasion of islamic parts of china either . 
  they have been suspiciously hands off of a lot of places but people like you and him believe what you want to anyways . 
  do n't know why this subreddit downvoted purely on ideology sometimes but you are simply wrong . 
  you have worked yourself into a tizzy but you could not go to a university or an embassy or anywhere else someone remotely knowledgable about diplomacy would be and argue that the us is at war with the likes of the uk and canada and germany and not be laughed out of the building . 
  they are not fighting against every nation on earth and you are reaching massively . 
  for any reasonable definition the us is not at war with every nation on earth ... 
  as long as you can admit that something new could impoverish and put your fellow countrymen at a disadvantage on the world stage or even put then in physical danger in the medium term then by all means try . 
  i wish you success but the burden of trying something means that there is a risk of failure and that will hurt people . 
  i suspect that most eu governments can not stomach that risk . 
  events in the next years will likely prove me right . 
  please . 
  if the us actually declared war on any country that spies on it we would be fighting literally every developed nation on earth . 
  this is how the world works among powers . 
  it should be a wakeup call though to those that think that the eu can emerge as a world power without spending the mo eu on security and intelligence that their rivals do . 
  it 's relentless and the only answer is to play the game better than other nations . 
  ( i suspect many in the eu are playing already ) or get taken advantage of . 
  there is no stopping it . 
  gm with an impressive 32 sales . 
  wow . 
  i did n't think that norway was in the top 5 producers . 
  i guess it 's exports though that they are number two in . 
  countries like russia an canada and the us also have a lot of domestic use compared to norway . 
  pretty massive though . 
  and there are ~ 7 billion people not in europe . 
  to europe . 
  i doubt they are very comparable in total exports . 
  your view of me is entirely based on stereotyped ciricatures of americans you have created in your mind . 
  it 's quite pitiful actually . 
  you wanted a soapbox to rail on the us and i stupidly gave it to you . 
  lets just end the conversation on this smug note . 
  i can assure you they do n't . 
  it is a wildly western centric institution and even then most do n't care . 
  should you venture outside of continental europe for more than a weeks holiday you may gain some perspective . 
  i do n't have a minister or religious leader but if one were to give me a prize with a cash award while asking me to co sider something while serving as an elected official then yes that is not a good thing . 
  you are the naive one if you do n't think that the eu has similar laws on gifts to foreign officials . 
  right . 
  the rest of the world is having nobel watching parties and giddily theorizing which peace prize winner will change the world the most in the next years ... 
  in what way is it ok to give an elected head of state a prize meant to influence future decisions . 
  that is patently illegal in every developed country . 
  it 's not a matter of culture . 
  what a self important award haha . 
  probably for the best it is virtually irrelevant these days . 
  to be fair the peace prize was a pretty passive aggressive way to try and influence a president to act as the nobel committee wanted . 
  surely they knew they ran the risk of being embarrassed years later ? 
  hahaha what ? 
  that 's pretty rich . 
  i 'm sure the bases in kuwait , israel and the rest of the considerable facilities already present in the middle east would suffice for any me adventures . 
  is it comforting or sad to know so little about the world in which you live ? 
  you contend that the us would not only maintain their military presence in europe and the middle east if the eu presented as antagonistic , but would actually pay a hefty tax for the privilege ? 
  and what pray tell of the emerging economies ? 
  will they happily pick up the slack in demand and continue to buy eu goods made by high wage workers while their own make a tenth of that . 
  of course withdrawing completely from the middle east will be great too . 
  i 'm sure russia will repay the ensuing rise in gas prices by staying out of european affairs . 
  rest assured that very little of their newfound wealth will be spent expanding influence to countries that the us once allied with .
