  not that merkel is placed incorrectly , though i would have up her probably 3 or 4 . 
  xi jinpeng needs to be at least 3 and probably 2 for the list to have any credibility at all . 
  putin is realistically down the list , probably at the same level as netanyahu . 
  he could even be reasonably lower if gas gets any cheaper . 
  so many ceos and charity owners are overvalued . 
  if anything , the holder of the stock would risk lowering the prices further if they sell it . 
  and there 's opportunity cost too which are significant . 
  if it takes years to recover you 're better off selling and recouping the investment in other things as well or doubling down and reaping the benefits of the recovery . 
  but that not what happens . 
  because gains are never guaranteed . 
  you can say what their worth is . 
  that is the whole point of the stock market . 
  unless you have unlimited time to spend your wealth you 're just as constrained by stock prices as the next guy . 
  also there is no guarantee that stock prices return and a company recovers . 
  if you hold original certificates for enron stocks , having extra time does n't mitigate your loss ... 
  it will be more . 
  vw willfully defrauded its customers and government . 
  the epas fine will be large enough to make this an uneconomical decision to set a precedent . 
  the gm flaw , while egregious was not developed intentionally , thus the punishment focused more on damages caused ( though cover ups probably made it bigger too , so not completely black and white . ), 
  i was with you until you decided to get personal about it . 
  assad could n't deliver stability to syria . 
  that 's indisputable . 
  part of that was because he got sanctioned sure . 
  another part was wrongly throwing his lot behind a declining benefactor ( russia ) that is n't in a good position to help them . 
  yet another was not investing in security and economic initiatives that provide more stability . 
  of course other nations played a role . 
  but it 's still the regimes failure and a big reason why they are where they are right now is themselves . 
  i 'd agree with you there . 
  but to pretend that element does n't exist and that the whole thing boils down to assad vs. is is intellectually dishonest . 
  so that was all a brilliant rise to force assad to give up the weapons ( he claimed not to have ) and then not actually invade ? 
  is that your brilliant theory ? 
  when you simplify like that then no . 
  but that is gross oversimification . 
  syria was n't stable because assad did n't develop syrias economy and security forces and it became a failed state . 
  everyone thinks that some major force that destabilized syria but it was n't . 
  it 's a lot more complicated than that is my whole point and i get instantly attacked for bringing that up . 
  assad did use chemical weapons and supports hezbollah which is a terrorist organization as well . 
  it 's hard for someone to make definitive moral statements about anything in the middle east , let alone syria . 
  i think a lot of that comes from misunderstanding . 
  this is a biased summary of the situation . 
  the russians are not the saviors here just as the u.s. is n't . 
  the two sides have simply backed different sides . 
  the u.s. side tends to be on the religious extremist side and the russian on the totalitarian kleptocracy side . 
  but it is still obvious that russia has propped up the assad regime for years along with iran . 
  and the regime invested almost nothing of its wealth into creating a working state that rebellion took hold . 
  the u.s. is likely working on the beheld of gulf arab states that oppose the iranian bloc and want a regime change , which really is n't any better for syrian people . 
  but do n't pretend that either side is working for the syrian people . 
  or gives a flying fuck about the migration problem . 
  also your analysis implies that the fight against is predates the civil war . 
  it did not . 
  that 's not an answer to my question . 
  that shows a lack of understanding of how that all happened . 
  just what do you think the us role in libya was ? 
  toe the line, 
  so libya is on us now too ? 
  how far did you get ? 
  to be fair , us intervention worked out pretty well for you . 
  that 's the thing about free riding on another country 's defense budget . 
  you do n't get to have an opinion on foreign policy . 
  at least one that matters . 
  i 've seen that pulled in the us and mexico . 
  i 've always refused to recognize it though . 
  more than a few times a couple has found me in their seats with their towel folded neatly beside me . 
  they 've always taken it and left without a word . 
  have fun with your me refugees then . 
  what the hell ? 
  if they were n't spying on them , the uk should fire every last person working there . 
  if you want to keep subsidizing my lifestyle i am fine with it too . 
  it 's not like electricity at all . 
  who are they to think they can define the terms of use for their own service right ? 
  yet here you are . 
  being a cunt . 
  can we take a moment to reflect on how awful and disastrous german leadership of the eu has been over the past years ? 
  it has taken the concept of conservative , reserved leadership to the absurd . 
  yes being reserved is fine and even in some situations ideal but not all the time . 
  sometimes decisiveness is important . 
  so is realizing that being a world leader costs a lot . 
  and bearing that cost sends strong signals to your allies . 
  it comes back to you though in the stability and goodwill it creates . 
  but this leadership considers being reserved as something of a religion . 
  almost like it separates them from the less civilized . 
  in reality it has created a culture of officials being so afraid to upset the status quo that they stopped innovating . 
  this is a simple problem that should have been solved months ago . 
  it 's shameful . 
  puerto rico began threatening default the same week as greece and us investors were way more exposed to that . 
  the u.s. 
  shot down their bailout with the swiftness . 
  your analysis is highly suspect . 
  no you surveil yourself and give it to us . 
  pretty big difference . 
  it 's very nice of you to lend them your morals in such cases . 
  or capital owners will make good business decisions and set up in low tax/low energy cost places with access to cheap materials and lax environmental laws . 
  what rankings are you basing this on ? 
  way more foreign researchers work at public colleges than anywhere else . 
  are you under the impression that public universities are bad here ? 
  amazing story . 
  i do feel bad for the airplane rental people though . 
  kind of an asshole thing to do in a rental . 
  thank you for your service . 
  i am creating a new farmers advocacy charity .
