  a strong and dominant federal system eliminates that doubt . 
  i am not arguing the morality of it . 
  just saying i think you would agree with this . 
  the war was a mistake . 
  but you are simplifying . 
  the system that we set up was the cause of the war . 
  that was the mistake . 
  once it was set in motion , there is no way to just undo the mistake . 
  at that point the option is war or dissolving the union . 
  and thats they same situation you would face with a confederation of states . 
  have you seen the tobacco and cotton growing southern slave states protest and their attitude towards the yankees ? 
  what would happen if washington dc called all the shots and new england would still be the strongest economy ? 
  how would that work out ? 
  we have all seen this movie before . 
  and as a `` true american '' i love people , be them european or american or iraqi and any war with them is a failure on our part in policy or diplomatic engagement . 
  and a heavy burden and something i would strive to eliminate . 
  your snide insinuation is disingenuous and a cheap shot sir . 
  it 's not , i assure you . 
  what type of person would model a federal nation on the scale at europe and not learn from the us model ? 
  you would have to be completely daft to draft anything resembling a federal system and not know everything there is to know about the only other successful modern example of it . 
  there are some good changes to make at the margins . 
  but the fundamental building blocks have already been discovered through blood , money and sweat of the american people . 
  your layperson 's logic and idealistic ideas frankly are a poor substitute . 
  i just made a long reply of why federalization is the only logical end , so i would suggest you read that . 
  more specifically to the mistakes though : first mistake , was us allowed states to have separate currencies . 
  this led to barriers to trade and inflation and general confusion . 
  it was bad . 
  so we learned that currency union was necessary . 
  another mistake was in wealth distribution . 
  during the great depression many states were hit harder than others . 
  with the new deal and tennessee valley authority we learned that wealth distribution , while despised for the richer states will help the economy immensely and prevent poverty from spilling over everywhere else . 
  lack of wealth distribution also held the us back a lot because of infrastructure . 
  the federal mandate to have post offices roads and electricity in rural areas was a huge boon to the us economy . 
  the richer states hated it and the poor ones could n't afford it , but the infrastructure proved to be a vital part of us growth and would never have happened under a loose confederation of states . 
  the nullification crisis of 1832 where southern states refused to pay new taxes that benefited other states at the expense of their own . 
  sometimes laws are not good for part of the union but help the rest of it so much that a part of it will be necessarily be against it . 
  you can either assert federal power at this point as we did or allow states to pick and choose which laws to follow . 
  when push comes to shove , a state who is equally as powerful as the union will obviously not follow the laws that do n't benefit it and lead to a crisis . 
  and of course the civil war , where states assumed the power to exit the union . 
  a final trump card to be played when the will of the nation does not match their own . 
  i believe this is the most relevant to europe as the cultures and languages are even more diverse . 
  in terms of government efficiency and economic growth , this diversity is a hindrance to overcome and not an asset . 
  in the long run diversity is good , but in the short run , it means that so many resources will be wasted trying to please varying contingents in europe . 
  the only way to stop that nonsense and form something real is to have a preeminent federal government to dictate terms to them and drag everyone kicking and screaming into a powerful and rich eu . 
  is this moral ? 
  who knows . 
  but its the only way that it will work . 
  you are shortsighted then . 
  the civil war was n't a mistake . 
  it was punctuation . 
  punctuation at the end of an era where we found out the hard way that a system of rival and robust states in union did n't work . 
  the civil war was n't planned or desired by leaders or the people at the time . 
  it was a forgone conclusion because people thought the way you did . 
  let me break it down further because you do not seem to have been educated in political systems . 
  such a large system needs a dominant federal side ? 
  the reason for this is mainly electoral in nature . 
  elections for local officials are mainly won on what you can bring to the state , not the country as a whole . 
  for that reason the legislature is run by people who 's sole motivation is to bring funds and favorable condition to their district and their district alone . 
  they will refuse to make bills unless their pork project is included . 
  this means that for every law for the good of the eu , it will come with 50 public works projects or tax breaks riding along . 
  the people as a whole will complain when the budget spirals but it will never change ? 
  why is that ? 
  because the congressman is only accountable to the voters from the small area that benefited from the pork spending . 
  so they will do it again and again until the state goes broke . 
  declare the government insolvent , and eventually secede from the union as an enriched area being `` dragged down '' by the financially irresponsible federal system . 
  this happens without fail in loose federal situations . 
  you would n't be any different , even if you think such behavior is impossible for european politicians . 
  so how do you solve this ? 
  rules and institutions . 
  the sec , budget accountability office , epa , department of natural resources etc. 
  run by educated people with the scope of the whole nation in mind . 
  that is how you become efficient . 
  that is how you grow your government to regulate for the good of the greatest amount of people . 
  but these institutions are worth fuck all if they can not overrule state decisions . 
  in the us model : state wants to dump waste in the river to boost industry while screwing over the states down river ? 
  epa : fuck you cant do it . 
  state wants to tax out of state businesses more to protect in state companies ? 
  sec : fuck you , ca n't do it . 
  in the end of the day , the states are still in competition and the only thing to keep them unified is a strong federal government . 
  they wo n't play fair on goodwill . 
  and you are seeing this now . 
  greece wants bailouts . 
  germany wants a weak dollar . 
  the rich countries ( switzerland and norway ) refuse to join at all . 
  france wants to protect its farmers and turkey just wants in . 
  and no one wants to pay for any of it . 
  someone is obviously not familiar as to how the us developed to what it is today . 
  but sure go ahead and make the same early mistakes that we did . 
  you 'll realize soon enough that a preeminent federal government is not only beneficial but absolutely essential . 
  you really do n't have a choice of you want union ... 
  that 's the cold hard reality of it . 
  there seems to be a lot of `` our ancestors were successful and wealthy , so we are entitled to be successful and wealthy in perpetuity as well '' around here . 
  the world needs low wage labor , mining and agriculture workers , but it ai n't me baby !, 
  i 'm sure this advice is completely irrelevant in europe due to different import and tax laws , but here i have known people who have traveled to a faraway place with a bigger market for some types of used cars that were considerably cheaper there than at home . 
  bought a used car for a few thousand , road tripped back home and sold it for a bit of profit . 
  of course they lost money in total for their vacation , but it amounted to free rental and subsidized some of the fuel costs . 
  of course buying a used car in a faraway place is a big risk if you are n't a very knowledgable car person ( not to mention language barriers and a ` foreigner surcharge ' is more likely to be a bigger problem in the eu ) , but for some people flipping and hunting a good deal in another city can be a fun getaway in its own rite . 
  actually this is a good example of one of the random fun benefits of federalization and integration should you guys ever go that route . 
  thanks for the information . 
  does the eu have a sort of fdic for bank accounts ?
