  the us market could increase it but not enough to change the trend . 
  no because all reasoning given is what others think rather than your own convictions either way . 
  but by all mean continue being outraged at me . 
  that is amazing considering how expensive they have made checks at most banks . 
  you must have been in a particularly financially illiterate safeway . 
  well that 's the most cowardly reasoning i 've ever heard . 
  really ? 
  where exactly . 
  i worked in one in high school and saw a check maybe once a week if that . 
  and that was years ago . 
  since when have i been against labeling . 
  labeling and information is not a bad thing . 
  banning is what is dumb, 
  because of the price tag . 
  you have very poor understanding of demand if you do n't think price affects it . 
  people know and want cheaper food , even knowing that it is not as ` good ' as the local organics . 
  even though in this case it is or sometimes better . 
  in your definition is there also no demand for cheap knockoffs ? 
  people know it might be inferior yet they demand the cheaper good anyways . 
  the infuriating thing is that there is no evidence that gmo foods are less safe or lower quality . 
  i doubt you could tell the difference . 
  anyways there is a case to mandate labels , but no , consumers do not need uninformed people making the decision whether perfectly safe cheaper food alternatives are available or not . 
  did you not understand your own point ? 
  if there were no demand for it it would n't exist in any market ... 
  surely that problem would take care of itself without the need for legislation ? 
  is n't it either an all or nothing prospect with eu trade agreements ? 
  monsanto has terrible pr but really a lot of it is hyperbole . 
  for example you would not be able to find a case of a lawsuit against a farmer unwillingly using monsanto crops that have drifted on his fields even though most anti gmo folks seem to think that is a daily occurrence . 
  so bayer is still ok though right ? 
  why the focus on the foreign company if it is n't just masked protectionism ? 
  i suppose to me that assumption is willful ignorance . 
  i mean it was a coincidence that all of that happened while the us just happened to explicitly back saudi arabia militarily going so far as to build their entire military and set up their oil companies ? 
  all of that effort , money , and presence since the 1940s had little impact but then coincidentally saudi arabia did exactly what was best for nato and decided to just cut prices instead of selling at market rates ? 
  i mean it could have happened but it seems a bit convoluted and an attempt to make world events fit into your world view rather than the other way around . 
  anyone else reading this share that view ? 
  it is quite remarkable to me and it changes my perception a bit of eu/us relations a bit if it is indeed commonly thought . 
  no you do not understand correctly . 
  i made no comment as to the moral implications of any of it . 
  just that the very existence of the eu and the western lifestyle is based upon the stabilization and exploitation of the middle east and the military presence that that entails . 
  there have been failures , but many more operations have bought the wealth and territory you enjoy . 
  i very much doubt that a unified germany would exist let alone the eu had these campaigns not occurred . 
  you can argue that it should not have been done in the first place but you would be living in a much poorer , violent , and vulnerable place right now . 
  not many people would accept that . 
  perhaps you missed the saudis producing in record numbers to keep the price lower this year and having a pretty marked effect ? 
  that does n't happen without mitary presence , a series of agreements and direct military involvement in the region . 
  the mistake that you and most of the public make is that you see each of the actions as their own isolated incident . 
  they are all part of a larger mid east stability campaign . 
  a campaign i would argue is probably one of the greatest benefits to europe in terms of growth stability and wealth . 
  problem is we are going to eventually want healthcare and other good expensive peaceful things . 
  it will be a hard sell to continue to subsidize the defense of a federation that has a larger economy than ours , higher social spending and more direct benefit from our middle east adventures . 
  it will become politically untenable quickly when military expenditure comparisons come into the discourse . 
  the argument is that global security at present is highly subsidized . 
  at present it is fine but your allies may decide to scale that down leaving the eu with vulnerabilities . 
  everyone rags on the middle east actions , but it is quite relevant to eu energy security . 
  the cold war was basically won by strong military in the me allowing regimes there to keep gas prices low . 
  this ended up bankrupting the soviet union and making them much less influential in europe . 
  do n't think for a second that without a force willing an able to keep favorable people in power that promoted cheap energy exports that soviet supplied dissident groups would n't have waged war there and set their production back decades . 
  all while keeping gas prices high enough for the ussr to dictate whatever terms it wanted to european nations . 
  of course you are in a better position now but with the growing trade and energy interests in the region the whole area could become a playground for chinese and russian strategists at the cost of stability and profit for the eu . 
  it is already hard enough to keep it stable enough as it is , a us withdrawal would cost so much in high prices , reduced trade , refugees and instability on your doorstep . 
  human beings did not magically lose their propensity for senseless and counterproductive conflict in the past 60 years . 
  being unable to stop it in a timely fashion is a huge liability . 
  russia has no historical designs on eastern europe . 
  i 'm sure they would have left on their own eventually . 
  they are so understanding and benevolent with the little power they already have over eu countries . 
  ( natural gas ), 
  that 's even more simplistic . 
  increased military spending does not simply entail buying more guns . 
  it is creating a technical and logistical organization up to deal with a myriad of likely threats to eu nationals , interests and destabilizing events . 
  no one is saying ` buy more guns ' . 
  you are boiling down the issue to an incredibly and intentionally dense soundbite and arguing against that . 
  i think it is disingenuous . 
  i ca n't even imagine all of the territory disputes europewouldhabe with russia without a strong military presence . 
  also the middle east is pretty close . 
  europe presently could not keep the area safe for trade and would be negatively affected by the spillover . 
  thirdly without us military aid many african countries would seek patronage from china to the detriment of the environment and stability . 
  most of these thing disproportionately affect europe . 
  it is not a coincidence these years have been among the most peaceful and prosperous for the continent . 
  simplistic views like that are unhelpful . 
  thank you for putting that comment together . 
  learned a bit from it . 
  in all honesty i would say its pretty good . 
  probably precisely the same month as the us threatens to revisit trade deals with canadian and uk companies in light of their deals with the eu . 
  it is simply too big of an advantage for intermediate countries with good deals with both . 
  eu an us companies are going to want a piece of it eventually . 
  i can assure you that i am quite calm . 
  i responded to his question to ask which point he would like me to give a rationale for . 
  for some unknown reason you decided to interject and berate the value of my opinions . 
  i put it to you to be calm . 
  i 'm not patronizing europeans at all . 
  i do n't even know where you get that from my comment . 
  in general i think i contribute to this sub . 
  not much but a tiny bit . 
  i do n't want to get into specifics about my analyst job but i assume the large sums we pay for good information of this exact nature would make me at least well informed on this topic . 
  i 'll put it this way . 
  if i based a report off of a forbes article i would be asked to get another source . 
  plus since when are people attacked for commenting on articles in a non trolling way just because they differ ? 
  what is even the point of the comment section then ? 
  which particular point are you referring to ? 
  this list is jacked up .
