  we have let you down this time but let me assure you that spending staggering sums of money on your defense while you guffaw at our shameful lack of spending on social services remains a priority for us . 
  perhaps in the future you would be happy to receive a check directly from the treasury to use in your defense as you see fit ? 
  yeah . 
  being not taken seriously outside the eu directly affects their credibility inside as well . 
  italy knows it can stop sanctions for ` good will ' with russia ( which i 'm sure will translate into favorable economic considerations pretty soon here ) precisely because they know that germany lacks the will to push something through if it will be costly to them . 
  they 've done the opposite in my opinion . 
  lots of threats but have shown no tolerance for anything that would cost them any money at all . 
  i feel like the current german administration is too risk adverse to make impactful foreign policy , and i think russia knows this a well . 
  so this is revenge for other areas of reddit then ? 
  seems a bit childish but what 're makes you happy i suppose . 
  that 's just a rude thing to say to someone about the country they are from . 
  i 'm glad that we at least do n't have a monopoly of comment section crazies . 
  i emphatically disagree with you but your position is yours to have though . 
  i am curious though where you draw the line . 
  at kyiv ? 
  or is this unconditional with non eu members . 
  so long as russia waits until bad economic times to they have free reign over nonaligned countries as far as you 're concerned . 
  i feel that this strategy is saving pennies today and costing the world millions in the future . 
  data controllers do n't have the will or the money to create a miniature right to be forgotten court within their organization . 
  the process will be automated with the intent of minimizing costs , legal or otherwise . 
  there will be penalties for incorrect denials . 
  that is the whole point of the law . 
  it may be lenient in the courts but lawyers are n't cheap . 
  definitely not cheap enough to hire a team to pour over the requests and pick out the unnecessary ones . 
  politicians can and will use this to remove pertinent information in the public interests . 
  seeing as they are humans they are protected under the same rights as average people . 
  the unfortunate problem is that while their histories may not be of interest to the public interest at one point in time it may be in future election cycles . 
  it 's pretty clear that this is a roundabout attack on press freedoms and the only beneficiaries will be people trying to misrepresent themselves and possibly a few people that posted/did slightly embarrassing things when they were younger . 
  i 'll bite my tongue . 
  let 's agree to disagree ? 
  that 's a pretty bold accusation . 
  would the pakistani or yemeni government ' a express consent be considered due process to you ? 
  also international law is not a real thing and no one is bound to it . 
  to hold it up as a guideline for a state is a bit silly . 
  i really would love to debate that fact . 
  the eu trades with a ton of countries with worse records . 
  i do n't often say this but it appears that you are so self assured in your superiority and the us 's ` evil ' that any type of dialogue is impossible . 
  please reread your comments on this thread . 
  it is intellectually dishonest . 
  you ca n't compare world powers to regional ones though . 
  is that significant when compared with the sport union and their sphere , the british empire or roman empire ? 
  seems to me that conflict involvement comes with the territory . 
  do you argue that the us is worse of a great power than the ones preceding it or are you just bitching about how the world works ? 
  you 're pretty much naming the staunchest us allies and imagining them to be aligned enough with the eu to not only switch allegiances but to become antagonistic . 
  i do n't know . 
  i think that everyone believes or wants to believe that they are the best , including our own countrymen . 
  it 's pretty natural to be honest . 
  dismissing data is a hell of a lot easier than acknowledging that a system you disagree with , while not ideal and has problems , also has advantages . 
  it 's just an effort to make a complicated grey shaded world just a bit more black and white . 
  the / r/europe method of comparing data between the us and europe : does the data presented reflect a positive comparison for europe ? 
  if yes continue to discuss the obvious superiority of the european model . 
  if no ? 
  suggest a new way of looking at the data . 
  factor in gini coefficients plus mode salary of fjord workers and divide by number of serviceable volkswagens on the road to find the `` true '' data . 
  if information is positive , continue as yes . 
  if still no : blame the uk and discuss the nsa . 
  your statement is not true . 
  if 95 % of people who ca n't understand statistics fail statistics class it does not mean that 95 % of students fail statistics . 
  i 'm going to be honest . 
  i am tired and hungry today and read piazza as pizza this entire thread . 
  for a brief moment i thought the crowds were dependent on the pizza available and the proximity of a place that makes the biggest pizzas is somehow relevant . 
  the truth is much less racist , but entirely less delicious as well . 
  to be fair , a crimea state mandated vacation ranks pretty favorably compared to the other state mandated ` vacations ' that russians were sent on in the last century . 
  yes , i know full well the difference between a city and a country . 
  more importantly these all have one critical theme in common , which is that they have been referred to as europe 's silicon valley . 
  europe has like 50 silicon valleys now . 
  london , dublin , estonia , berlin , munich ... 
  i do n't think it would work out the way you think . 
  raising temps and water could affect the tides and jet stream . 
  that has a big impact on europe 's mild weather . 
  spain is actually the same longitude as new england in the us . 
  without the jet stream parts of europe might become quite unpleasant , especially in winter . 
  western europe maybe . 
  russia invading a baltic state and launching a campaign to retake it would probably not be a possibility though at present . 
  at least without an obscene commitment of lives and equipment . 
  no it 's just a miscarriage of public responsibility by the referendum supporting crimeans . 
  this and so many other future problems is why you ca n't rush a big decision like this . 
  russia and pro russians took the easy and politically convenient way of integration but it will cause pain . 
  well europe . 
  sorry to be blunt but pay now or pay later . 
  seems like the two options you guys have . 
  useless stats without bmi . 
  i 'll go ahead and call bullshit on this unless you were in appalachia . 
  either that or you somehow stumbled your way into amish country . 
  i do n't think puerto rico is a good example of european soft power ... 
  has money . 
  not a regional rival . 
  that is the extent of reasonable analysis that can be done on this topic . 
  their guns are n't pointed west ... 
  you literally live in a country with us military bases that participate in that ... 
  i , too , would like finland as my personal fiefdom . 
  the odds of either of is getting it are roughly equal . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  we would never even know what their intentions are as it will be a war when they step over the border . 
  since when does a country allow a foreign army on their soil and take their word for it that they just want one city ? 
  estonia will and should consider any incursion on their territory as a full invasion and a threat to all people in the country . 
  those are unmarked drones . 
  could be anyone . 
  probably some tatars ordered it from amazon . 
  does this pass as good analysis here ?
