  yes : self congratulate and point out glaring flaws in us character . 
  no : suggest a different way to look at the data ( ie divide by ppp and multiply by volkswagens on the road ) to get the ` real ' statistic . 
  continue on as ` yes . ', 
  guaranteed by whom ? 
  the government does n't have nearly enough to cover that . 
  they would default too . 
  if cyprus had even near enough to cover their deposit guarantees the bailout would n't be needed . 
  it seems leadership knew that cyprus banks would fail . 
  the tax is just taking a large chunk for those in power before the rest of the depositors have to beg for a percentage of their deposits after a bank collapse . 
  hey they will lose over half anyways , why not skim 10 % off the top while there is still money in the bank . 
  if you open a bank account in cyprus you can be automatically enrolled in eu volunteer service . 
  works out to be about a month every year . 
  it 's retroactive too, 
  did n't you see the video ? 
  we disguise our poorest areas as eastern european countries . 
  this was actually shot in miami florida . 
  to be completely honest if we spent the money for thousands of snow machines on the homeless instead we could have afforded to send them all to north korea to pick up more aid cakes directly . 
  that 's not really indicative of a national debate . 
  to realize why go read the north korea thread from yesterday . 
  that entire thing is a case study on why europe is disproportionately irrelevant . 
  progressively louder states right calls ? 
  that was put to bed forever during the civil war . 
  what you hear is slight debate on the fringe of what authority the states still have . 
  oddly enough , it is quite common . 
  i would say a good third of my high school acquaintances have settled at least a few hours away from their home city . 
  not a majority but still rather high . 
  i think lower income places would be less though as they do n't tend to follow as mobile of career paths . 
  anyways go to manhattan and meet people . 
  you would probably find the actual native new yorkers living there to be in the minority . 
  i mean i 've never seen anyone switch preference over fears of it not seen warnings on the menu . 
  doubt there was a lasting measurable shift . 
  might be i did n't notice or its more pronounced in other regions, 
  it 's actually not a bad rag at all . 
  off putting name but a pretty solid history of good journalism . 
  relative to others at least . 
  saying they are not eaten and have declined in popularity are two completely different things . 
  in all likelihood fried eggs are the most popular style still by a wide margin . 
  it 's still the default in basically every diner and breakfast chain . 
  my two cents . 
  are you kidding . 
  it would be harder to find a restaurant that did n't sell them like that, 
  you are simply wrong . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_average_wage and stop following my posts and arguing/down voting please . 
  i so wish your last sentence were true . 
  it 's a joke man . 
  relax, 
  the simple guide to posting statistics comparing eu and us in this subreddit : is the stat favorable to the eu ? 
  yes : self congratulate and point out glaring flaws in us character . 
  no : suggest a different way to look at the data ( ie divide by ppp and multiply by volkswagens on the road ) to get the ` real ' statistic . 
  continue on as ` yes . ', 
  damn you just destroyed the modern economy and made all finance jobs/degrees obsolete . 
  that or you are just making stuff up . 
  do n't care enough to look into which one is the case . 
  well obviously haha . 
  still no way of knowing if the total is right tho, 
  so who actually will know the results ? 
  i assume the entire parliament would not as they are motivated to leak it if it is favorable to them . 
  that means that no one besides a select few would even know the results and could easily make it exactly what they wanted . 
  begging for corruption . 
  does n't the us have higher wages than germany et al ? 
  i 'm more surprised that anyone could think even for a second the sentiments expressed on reddit reflect actual public opinion . 
  they ca n't plan for drops in demand or increased supply competition though . 
  it 's responsibly managed but its not enough to keep the country rich for a century or more . 
  do n't know why you 're being downvoted . 
  without some tangible improvement it is just a prestige project anyway . 
  highly doubt either side can afford one now regardless of merit now anyways . 
  the airline tax that got cancelled this year ? 
  well `` postponed '', 
  yeah for the rest of the world that is pretty homogenous . 
  the biggest group of foreigners in each case is other northern europeans as well . 
  homogenous though is not just immigration . 
  the countries are relatively small which means less regional dissension . 
  everyone can generally be in agreement on water , natural resource and trade issues because it affects people more evenly . 
  and a homogenous culture means that there is less discontent about things with high cultural value like schools charity religion etc. 
  with the vast majority consisting of white europeans there is a clear cultural cohesion . 
  all of these contribute to stable governments . 
  small homogenous countries in a completely stable and relatively wealthy corner of the world have more effective governments . 
  who woulda thought ? 
  i do n't find number of words or difficulty of a language a particularly effective measure of cultural superiority regardless of who is right . 
  i was just adding in a random bit of ( true ) information . 
  this topic is obviously something very dear to you though so ill stop commenting on your thread . 
  to be fair portuguese has significantly less words to learn than english . 
  his english is perfect as far as i could tell . 
  he was accusing me of being arrogant which i maintain that i was not . 
  it was more of a ribbing highlighting that ` rule4 ' is not applicable . 
  it is not applicable in your case either . 
  you could n't have possible looked up those words and processed the definitions so quickly . 
  lets do that first and then i can explain to you why they can be used as an insult . 
  so it 's a series then ? 
  brilliant, 
  rude ? 
  sure . 
  caustic and cynical ? 
  almost assuredly . 
  but my comment if definitely neither humble or arrogant . 
  it is merely a response to an obvious veiled insult dressed as advice . 
  if you type humble or arrogant into google surely even you could see how that is not a relevant term while describing this discussion . 
  do you have more advice that no one is asking for nor cares about that i could read or is this a one off ? 
  china has a lot of protectionist policies in place combined with an ever improving manufacturing base . 
  german exports will not be as competitive there .
