  but there 's no reason to denigrate the other just because of that . 
  i think this is a straw man . 
  do people come to germany and start up randomly telling people that they are better than you ? 
  were there any americans in this thread being immodest ? 
  do you think its your life crusade to put all of us in our place because you met an asshole american one time ? 
  plus you ca n't even say that the stuff said here is to talk straight to americans . 
  this is an eu subreddit and the message intended for other eu members . 
  its insular by nature and not a good place to teach outsiders modesty . 
  ( and im sure the irony of thinking yourself as benevolent , modest , knowledgeable , and forthright enough to teach all americans about it is lost on you as well . ), 
  i do n't get where this idea is coming from . 
  it feels like the whole `` i do n't mind gays , but they better not come up and hit on me '' argument . 
  i had an argument on here not long ago , and before coming here i did n't know that a sizable chunk of europeans hated the us as much as they do . 
  it seems to go a bit beyond the shit talking you do amongst yourself . 
  and definitely not intended for any sort of lesson teaching . 
  [ this is an example of what i mean ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/miea5/incredible_europeans/c318n9a ), 
  i know what joking around is . 
  it goes a little bit beyond that . 
  and its always the same whipping boy . 
  i 've learned my lesson here . 
  this subreddit is great for insights into europe and to get away from us media and most people are nice . 
  but there 's very real disrespect for anything american from a sizable minority . 
  us culture is so disrespected it 's put in sarcastic quotes alongside a discussion of euro culture . 
  do n't even start the argument because honestly a lot of people here buy into the idea that it 's shit and nothing everyone is stupid and or evil from the us . 
  thanks for the explaination, 
  can someone explain this for someone somewhat ignorant in spanish politics ? 
  is center right still to the left of the us political right ? 
  are they anti eu/anti healthcare/anti-immigration types ? 
  basically what do they want to change ? 
  well i apologize to the subreddit for feeding the troll . 
  looking at your post history you seem to have a fixation about bitching about the us . 
  enjoy your time in my joke of a country and i hope after your education is finished you return to your obviously more relevant home country and watch us collapse from afar . 
  only then will our simple uneducated and hypocritical masses see the true evil of our ways . 
  if only there were more small angry men like you to guide us it would not have been this way . 
  only a complete moron would equate mubarak 's egypt with the ows response . 
  and i and many other people think it 's shameful but they are nothing alike . 
  no one that matters considers the us a joke just as no one that matters underestimates europe . 
  just twits like you . 
  what a spiteful , unprompted comment, 
  i disagree with a lot of things here . 
  firstly on the soft power . 
  i think that of the us/china/eu , the eu has the least soft power by far . 
  mainly because the last half centuries policy of inward looking and germany 's restricted role in world affairs . 
  both the us and china have developed a lot more soft power . 
  the us 's soft power extends to europe herself , a characteristic that does not flow both ways . 
  switzerland , though not a member of the eu and the banking relations with the us and subsequent settlements shows the soft power there . 
  participation in the iraq war by european nations is also , in my opinion of soft power in europe , because it is a tacit support of us hegemony to participate rather than coercion that brought it on . 
  also the fact that us sponsored laws are pushed through many european parliaments ( like ip laws , missile defense stuff etc ) fairly commonly shows the soft power imbalance . 
  i also take issue with the idea that parliamentary and us single member district style goverments are very different . 
  this could be a very long and very dry argument so i 'll sum it up by saying that they both have the same goals and end results , just a different in when and how coalitions are formed . 
  trivial differences though and much more similar than they are different in governance . 
  i do agree with your idea that the end of the superpower is ending , however . 
  but thats basically what i said earlier . 
  just that the eu has to be federalized to have any pull . 
  until the eu can act politically militarily and economically with one voice they do n't have the ability to generate soft or hard power , because relationships with individual states are still more valuable to countries than dealing with the eu as a whole . 
  when that is fixed , the eu will be a global power . 
  we mainly disagree on how long this will take . 
  i am under the impression that it will take at least 50 years to get to the level of integration necessary to be considered a unified power . . 
  i like this comment a lot . 
  i think the timeframe is off though because i do n't think it could become federalized very fast . 
  eu faces a lot of challenges that china and usa do n't have to . 
  main thing is that russia will come into play a lot . 
  they do n't want to be left behind and irrelevant but ca n't realistically encroach on us or chinese interests so it will be a continuous power struggle in eastern europe and old ussr countries . 
  add in the fact that they currently supply a lot of gas to europe and have no trouble wielding that as a political tool it wo n't be easy . 
  europe will definitely get there though but i do n't think they can do it without great britain . 
  and it 's a much longer timeline until it 's a superpower in it 's own right . 
  fortunately for the british they can join at almost any time as the eu will need them in the future for legitimacy economic and military reasons . 
  it 's selfish but the wait and see approach has no downside for them at the moment . 
  it 's the bane of the eu but nations still act in their self interests over unity when given the choice . 
  do not abandon eastern europe at a time when putin wants to make a new eurasian union . 
  that sucked for us last tiime = /, 
  i may or may not agree with the idea that the euro is not savable , but this article does n't add any new insights or information . 
  this article makes some bold editorial remarks without any facts at all . 
  unsurprisingly it does n't have any sources , because to have sources you would need some supporting evidence as well . 
  maybe we have to face the cold hard fact that because of human nature and the economic principle of scarcity that `` fair , ethical , and humane '' and success/power are diametrically opposed . 
  you can choose one to varying degrees , but you can not have both . 
  they harp on about china being powerful all day . 
  i think that its just that they do n't cover/care about the issues the g20 usually talks about . 
  well guess any speculation is moot now . 
  glad they decided to cancel that though . 
  and smartly so . 
  its at least a good thing for the eu to know now they are voting on it rather than being blindsided by a referendum after already providing funds/guaranteeing loans etc. 
  thank you for the response . 
  very well laid out . 
  i am a bit embarassed for even asking the question now . 
  i feel that i may have not been thinking `` locally '' enough . 
  yeah i can see that . 
  my question was more along the lines of , whats preventing the greek government from accepting aid now , and putting it to referendum later for the people to decide once they see how it plays out after a while ? 
  i do n't know why it has to be an all or nothing thing at this stage . 
  but you are right , a mandate from the people is very politically important to the leadership right now . 
  i get the joke . 
  it just makes no sense in this context . 
  if i was talking about the greek system mentioning frats or sororities would be redundant anyways . 
  and its such an insignificant thing to everyone except 18-22 year old americans so its a little obscure . 
  huh ? 
  pretty subjective . 
  has n't been my experience at all . 
  most people , i have met , particularly in asia consider us/german tools to be perfect substitutes . 
  someone is buying them looking at sales numbers . 
  dunno why the hate for boeing though , they have some fantastic stuff . 
  i can see some preference for fly by wire and all that , but i think your being a bit of a homer for euro manufacturing .
