  for those of you that do n't know it 's federal insurance for bank deposits up to a few hundred thousand dollars . 
  bush raised this to increase confidence during the beginning stages of the crisis . 
  would n't be surprised if a similar eu action happened in the future . 
  if there is one does anyone know what amount is protected in individual accounts ? 
  most americans dont really know/care about norway having oil . 
  it is much more commonly discussed among eu citizens i would imagine . 
  but sure take a stand against the evil , brainwashed masses that are americans , 
  they 're waiting for their oil to run out . 
  past world collapses and disasters are exactly my point . 
  somewhere someone is ready to fill the void and become richer and more powerful than their predecessors ever were . 
  it happens without exception and would happen should the eu or us disappear as well . 
  obviously it 's a question of a better investment elsewhere vs. there . 
  that 's such a basic statement it goes without saying and does n't indicate there not being a problem . 
  if the dollar collapsed and people started burning $ 100 bills for heat technically you could say that people are divesting in the dollar only because a more profitable investment has appeared . 
  unfortunately it does n't quite convey the root problem . 
  it would have a big impact but it 's not a loss for everyone . 
  it 's not a question on whether the european market will survive . 
  it will be there when the dust settles . 
  the question is will the eu maintain its quality of life and prominence . 
  the former the rest o the world would be knocking each other down in a rush to bail it out . 
  the latter does n't concern them much . 
  it is very telling how other world powers reacted to the crisis if you are wondering about the international necessity of a unified europe . 
  just my two cents . 
  personally i 'd rather see a wealthy leadership role in europe rather than india or asia , but i do t think the world can support two at the same time . 
  no offense but that 's the same bs we told the world in the past to convince them we should stay rich and exploit the poorer countries . 
  i do n't think european economies would necessarily disappear . 
  i think in a way it would benefit the us and brics in the medium term as the individual countries minus some in the south of europe would regain their demand for foreign goods while competing with each other to be the most attractive for foreign contracts . 
  the world will continue and grow and develop of course . 
  the thing that americans and i am assuming europeans too forget is that there is no intrinsic value for us to be first world or have high living standards . 
  it may seem like the end of the world but i very seriously doubt that losing that would be a major hindrance to the rest of the world to grow and prosper . 
  tldr . 
  there is no reason the world need the us or europe to be rich in order to flourish . 
  i should have told you straight off that i am on my phone and can not provide links . 
  your sources are legitimate . 
  but in terms of schools you can search for states that teach evolution and those that do n't . 
  you will find that the vast majority do not accept creationism and openly teach the youth evolution . 
  i 'm sorry but i can not link it . 
  your other link about the aquifer is legitimate as well . 
  obviously something has to change with that . 
  i do n't dispute that . 
  the us not cooperating on international treaties is another legitimate concern . 
  that in and of itself is not a detriment to the environment though . 
  some states and federal agencies unilaterally meet or exceed provisions in those treaties unilaterally . 
  again ca n't source it but epa.gov and certain states like california have a large number of enforced environmental laws you can study if you are so inclined . 
  i see someone is downvoting you . 
  you are at least arguing in good faith so i think that 's unwarranted . 
  i have been done with the environmental discussion for quite some time . 
  but allow me to give you some ( legitimately helpful ) tips for discussions . 
  never use the term you to address another speaker when discussing things like nations , cultures races etc. 
  it comes across as accusatory . 
  it also puts the speaker in the awkward position of being grouped with all of the things you associate with whatever entity you are speaking of and feels compelled to defend themselves personally . 
  it makes your argument at seem more as an attack than an objective observation . 
  personal insults are never productive in an argument . 
  early on you accuse me of being mad twice when i had given no indication of being so . 
  you later told me that i was rude . 
  and finally that i was a child . 
  it is very hard to keep a conversation on topic and civil when you constantly call on your opposite to defend themselves personally as well as their opinion on the subject . 
  perhaps this will give you some insight as to why some arguments seem to lose focus and become unnecessarily bitter . 
  your country is better than mine morally and environmentally and is dogmatically superior . 
  it is fate 's cruel capriciousness that you and your kind do not rule benevolently over the world . 
  our errors which are glaringly obvious to you are still too abstract for our puny little minds to see . 
  but one day soon we will see that you , yes you brilliant , well sourced scientist lady , are right . 
  there now that i have given you exactly what you want out of this thread could you kindly leave it ? 
  buddy does not have gender connotations . 
  you broached the subject of belief in evolution and science in your reply and that is why it was addressed in my posts . 
  i really do n't see how you can chastise me for debating topics that you have introduced . 
  and you are not understanding . 
  this is environment in terms of quality of life . 
  not morality or preventing climate change . 
  i realize you think that it 's all bad here but the issues you are trying to make this about are not big factors in quality of life in everyday situations . 
  things like clean air and water , large amounts of land and parks along with varied and interesting terrain and comfortable climates are what laypeople are mostly interested in and the us happens to have these things in abundance . 
  i will not source what is clearly easy to google if you do not already have a cursory understanding of what it is like in the us . 
  you are being intentionally dense or much too ignorant to be speaking on the subject . 
  you seem to be well spoken so i am assuming the former . 
  when did i get mad . 
  calm down buddy . 
  it 's not a dick measuring contest on who 's country is the best . 
  there are people who live better and worse than others in every country . 
  i was just explaining why the us might be seen as a good place to live as it has been with this study . 
  obviously you take issue with this and are looking to discredit it . 
  that 's fine . 
  based on your priorities the us may be one of the worst places to live for you . 
  and wherever you are from happens to be the best . 
  ( imagine that ) . 
  that does n't mean that people do n't believe in science though . 
  thats ridiculous considering the scientific and academic output of the country . 
  i do n't feel that your assertion deserves a sourced rebuttal . 
  well i 'm glad that you parrot the reddit mantra that americans do n't believe in evolution or scientists in general when you yourself have never met one that does n't and met plenty that do . 
  and how do you imagine things like jet airplanes , computer operating systems and a whole host of other technologies continue to appear here in the states by american companies . 
  i suppose we prayed until they assembled ? 
  anyway , what you say about the environment is all fine and good but this was a study on quality of life . 
  that water and carbon we use is used to improve that , and with a sparsely populated and vast country it is a luxury that we do that to almost no discernible effect on day to day lives of those living here . 
  the sustainability and morality of it can be debated but the short term environmental drawbacks are imperceptible to most . 
  i didnt know we had the reputation of having a bad environment . 
  the epa is pretty strong here and some pristine national parks that are larger than many of the nations on the list . 
  your entire post was hyperbole and you specifically omitted the details there to imply that this is a common occurance that happens often rather than a single highly criticized and challenged episode . 
  i know that / r/politics is like that . 
  i am just disappointed that it is not universally known to be mostly exaggeration and hyperbole . 
  is that really what reddit thinks its like ? 
  maybe i overreacted .
