  well your most obvious hyperbole is when you said that huawei was banned when it was clearly not . 
  your second was when the us was the most dangerous force on the entire planet when clearly volcanos are , followed closely by reanimated dinosaurs . 
  you post is high on hyperbole but your assertions on the huawei ` ban ' betrays your ignorance on the issue . 
  i do n't even see how that can be seen as a precedent for what you are proposing . 
  though here i fully expect you to be heavily up voted , do n't mistake the fact that you are demonstrably wrong on that . 
  edit : to those unaware of the minutia of international trade , huawei is not banned from the united states . 
  i could pick up a huawei router in walmart today if i felt like it . 
  it 's hard to take moral arguments seriously when the solution is protectionism and a clear push to pass laws that otherwise would be found in violation of various trade agreements . 
  i would say not . 
  i think it is clear now that the crisis is actually two crisis in quick succession . 
  the first a global one precipitated by is housing markets and the second a eu crisis brought upon by mismanagement . 
  structural change happens by economic growth , not by decree . 
  history will not be kind to the ecb , merkel , draghi et al. 
  but it gave humanity a very valuable lesson on financial reform and how to not go about it . 
  the euro is too tied in with this and will hurt member countries . 
  of course once it is completely clear europe will most certainly fix itself and come back and they will join then . 
  the only risk now is that a chinese stumble and a global recession on the heels of this last crisis would pretty much destroy a generation in europe . 
  that is what gives me nightmares . 
  that was true five years ago . 
  i think most foreign companies and people have diversified away from greece and europe to some extent by now . 
  i doubt they could get the same bailout again . 
  that is a pretty weak parallel . 
  artists have expressed anti war sentiment , especially during that time period with no ill effects . 
  the only difference is that the dixie chicks fan base is overwhelmingly conservative and pro war . 
  it is more a cautionary tale of do n't bite the hand that feeds rather than oppression . 
  this is a pretty awesome comment . 
  you have managed to voice support of a comment blaming gmo companies of creating a strawman that opponents are anti science by creating your own strawman that pro gmo people are shills and do n't represent legitimate opinions . 
  and not a hint of shame or hesitance over your own hypocrisy . 
  i salute you sir . 
  of course . 
  to further that sentiment i think the policy and recovery methods of the ecb and supporting institution have been a complete disaster and actually created a second , bigger crisis that was larger than the first . 
  the rest of the world did n't shed too many tears over the temporary blunders of a rival but it is becoming clear that the ecb is now for whatever reason continuing bad policy which is affecting the rest of the world . 
  the crisis at this point is almost certainly due to mismanagement and the damage done can no longer be chalked up to painful structural reforms now for booming economy later . 
  none of the changes have been beneficial and nearly all will be rolled back to recover . 
  the ones that are n't rolled back ( like better data reporting , anti corruption etc are good but would have naturally happened as a country developed anyway . 
  my comment was making the point that kids of a lower educated couple are not less intelligent than children of highly educated people and would not necessarily make the human race less intelligent . 
  obviously they will likely increase the low educated and poor demographic . 
  but harvard et al will always have full enrollment ... 
  love that movie but that is actually not a very worrying premise . 
  education levels are more of a reflection of family wealth than intelligence . 
  i know plenty of brilliant people with ` dumb ' parents . 
  1/3 would be permanent though right ? 
  that 's something . 
  and a very welcome reprieve for those that needed it . 
  impotent rage aside , how do you feel your country would behave should it find itself in power ? 
  yes . 
  and i will rephrase in hopes of getting an answer . 
  what is power used for if not that and can you think of any historical examples counter to that ? 
  if power is not bending the will of others to suit your needs then what you have is groups just doing what they want anyways and thus power is meaningless . 
  it 's a cruel world out there but we ca n't start being indignant when presented with reality . 
  honestly though what is the point of power and influence if not that ? 
  yeah but we had and still have a lot of fools as well . 
  and making oppression a shameful public opinion is how to change it . 
  i have no illusion that we are better people than anyone though lol . 
  it 's not a provocation for anyone with an iq approaching that necessary to be literate . 
  hey there 's a bunch of people being gay !, 
  lets fight em !, 
  who thinks that way ? 
  inbred fools is all i can come up with . 
  well the days after the initial release were pretty hilarious around these parts actually . 
  ppp is the measure you are looking for on how much cabbage you can buy . 
  those numbers are even worse for your argument . 
  that 's not how you calculate wages in respect to paid time off . 
  they still consider the time off as 40 hours or whatever standard workweek for that person is and divide it by the salary . 
  a person who works two standard weeks and is paid $ 1000 has the same hourly pay as someone who works one week and takes another week of paid vacation . 
  somehow i doubt server tips above 15 % and cash tips is a substantial part of the economy though . 
  certainly less than a tenth of a point on the shadow economy vs. legit economy . 
  do n't they tax you on 10-15 % of receipts of the top anyways . 
  i think you 'd have to claim 0 tips and be able to get it back . 
  i 'm sure they have a system in place for a lot of places to track totals for their payroll too at least for tips on cards too . 
  essentially it 's a pretty small amount of cash tips beyond a certain percentage that can be ignored . 
  americans are much more humble than germans !, 
  i think you 'd mostly end up in canada . 
  spanish and italian envoy would probably make it however . 
  ahem, 
  to be honest this is the best thing for europe . 
  smart and actually effective reforms to boost domestic demand and technology were n't happening when it was only the peripheral countries suffering . 
  as pitiful as it is what once took years of hand wringing and negotiations will take days when germany and the north start to feel it . 
  they would n't dare impose austerity on themselves . 
  depends who owns the song . 
  i 'd be kind of mad too if i paid million for the rights to a song an the artist continued to use it to make money . 
  that 's ... not how it went . 
  at all . 
  he presented a source that is only a headcount of personnel . 
  and then failed to read it properly in regards to the north korea comment . 
  after that you rush to his defense like a special needs knight in shining armor with his helmet on backwards . 
  first you say it 's dumb to compare nk to the us on headcount alone . 
  then to proceed to compare the us and eu/russia on headcount alone . 
  wow . 
  that 's pretty good stuff here . 
  you call the comparison retarded yet that was the point of why that measure is bad . 
  then in the same breath you proceed to make the exact same type of comparison and present it as valid . 
  i can tell i am dealing with an international relations brain trust here . 
  are you really a single person or some sort of a knowledge dropping consortium . 
  for my entertainment would you mind telling me your opinion on taiwan/chinese relations ? 
  eagerly waiting for more groundbreaking analysis from you two . 
  yes . 
  if you could add you would see that the dprk has almost 10 million active and reserve troops as opposed to the us 's ~ 2 million . 
  and if you can think , no one uses number of soldiers to measure a military because it is not a good measure at all . 
  ok if you want to be a pendant the eu , not europe .
