  it has curbside pickup and for only 60 euros a month charity branded trucks offer curbside pickup of the stores securely bagged excess food and take it to a charitable landfill ensuring that oversupply of food will not depress food prices and put the worlds most vulnerable farming communities at risk . 
  no , only the u.s. is spying on everyone else . 
  and when we 're not we are twisting the ever so honest and peaceful arms of the non spying spy agencies of other countries to spy on others . 
  so when we spy on other countries we are evil incarnate ? 
  but when germany spies on its own people and europe it is because they were too trusting of the evil americans ? 
  at some point germans are going to have to start blaming themselves . 
  at this point to me it 's looking like he 's going to release the uk pedophile evidence and cause a media shitstorm . 
  probably to take advantage of an unwitting neighbor in the meantime . 
  maybe they drive suvs ? 
  what an asinine comment . 
  do n't project your simplified and flawed conceptions on me please . 
  you literally said you would argue better trained than the u.s. 
  it 's not a competition and our military is almost certainly excessive . 
  the problem i have is a lot of people in europe have this idea that somehow europe can miraculously spin up a large and well equipped military just in time when it is needed and that it does not need to be addressed proactively . 
  this is false . 
  the true state of readiness currently is abysmal and in an actual crisis european nations will lose objectives and people well before the first bus load of erasmus scholars can be taught how to shoot . 
  there are n't months or year long run ups to wars anymore . 
  the first days and hours are more critical than ever . 
  it is not realistic to think that a conflict is the time to build capabilities for war . 
  war is the time to use the capabilities you have already developed . 
  what ? 
  i do n't think anyone regards european militarized as having superior training or technology . 
  that 's the thing about having a country such as germany being unwilling to act in its own interests . 
  other countries make those choices for them . 
  as it stands now germany has no say in the defense of europe because it contributes next to nothing . 
  i 'm disappointed . 
  sweden is usually the most progressive of muslim nations . 
  this counts injuries and does n't highlight your point at all . 
  car and industrial accidents are way more prevalent in rural areas for obvious reasons . 
  so no not really . 
  how does that combat isis exactly ? 
  edit : deleted comment said something along the lines of being out and having fun is the way to fight isis . 
  that 's the point of my comment ... 
  just the ones that shift allegiances whenever the wind blows . 
  i should elaborate that i think they are fine people . 
  just that they probably ca n't be relied upon to fulfill nato obligations given their political and domestic environment . 
  i tend to agree with the protestors . 
  an alliance with serbia is pretty useless . 
  hysterical redditors . 
  so who lost ? 
  the end of your biggest rival of a country without having to go to war or even take a hit economically is about as complete as victory gets . 
  it 's not the same old bear . 
  it 's hanging on to ukraine for dear life . 
  inconceivable thing to cold war era soviet leadership . 
  the point is that russia views everything short of restoring its previous power as unfair and bullying by the west . 
  the fact is that the organizations are very fair to russia . 
  it 's just that russia can not accept its relative place in the world . 
  obviously eastern europe is n't giving it back so they will continue to be victims . 
  i mean honestly what did they think would happen after losing the cold war ? 
  russia demands power in europe disproportionate to its actual economic , cultural and military power . 
  that is the beginning and end of almost every problem russia is involved in on the continent . 
  probably revoke all of their support and benefits only to later scream i told you so when the kids grow up less successful than their peers . 
  parenting licenses huh ? 
  and i suppose you view yourself as the right person to decide which types of people belong in the next generation ? 
  literally yes . 
  it does make local labor cheaper . 
  company a 's employment contracts are written in local currency for set dollar/peso/franc / whatever amounts . 
  currency devalues naturally or through intervention . 
  employees for company a are paid same amount in a less valuable currency . 
  company a 's products are cheaper than foreign company b relatively because company a is paying in devalued currency . 
  company a outcompete company b on price in domestic and foreign markets . 
  it 's not rocket science . 
  and why do you think exporting countries devalue their currencies if not for an economic advantage ? 
  you do n't understand it at all then if that 's how you think it works . 
  either that or you have completely revolutionized the field of economics . 
  but one of these is more likely ... 
  i do n't think you understand the underlying economics of it . 
  one of the most costly inputs is labor which is cheaper with a weaker currency . 
  this cascades through the economy meaning locally sourced goods , are also cheaper . 
  things like facility rent , taxes , and transportation costs for local companies are cheaper too making them more competitive than foreign firms . 
  it is true that imported inputs are more expensive , but that is a minor cost of production for most things and assuming that local substitution ca n't replace some or all of it anyways . 
  russia is a bad example . 
  their exporting companies are doing relatively well unless they are specifically sanctioned . 
  it 's actually a perfect example of what i was saying . 
  countries do n't have to be exporters at all to be affected by currency fluctuations . 
  and germany sending imports simply means that germany has an advantage to produce that . 
  it does n't mean that the other artificially high currency country could n't produce and maintain that standard of living themselves . 
  with lower costs of inputs they probably could produce the same thing cheaper than importing from germany . 
  you can argue if it 's right or not all day , but it 's clear that germany is a free rider here . 
  he 's obviously a troll man . 
  and he made you just like him . 
  take a step back and disengage from that . 
  they never threatened to extradite to the u.s. and the u.s. never asked for that either to my knowledge . 
  when did they do that ? 
  oh please . 
  this is pure hysterics . 
  does n't affect germany much so really everything is fine . 
  really ? 
  i see them all over the place . 
  europe is also not a walrus . 
  as long as we are correcting things that the op did n't even claim . 
  really ? 
  roughly doubt your commute time is crazy ? 
  your replies are becoming more and more abstract as details are questioned . 
  that is probably an indication that your thoughts on the matter are not well reasoned . 
  i would respectfully ask that you take another look . 
  what you are saying makes no sense . 
  do you view the rebel hosted and administered elections in ukraine as valid shortly after the fall ? 
  i do n't understand how a reasonable person can think as you do . 
  there was basically a power grab disguised as elections .
