  do n't even know where to begin . 
  i think you should try / r/conspiracy or something though it does n't even fit in there . 
  ir the a / r/madmaxfantasy or an / r/endtimes reddit ? 
  maybe there too . 
  yeah , and the gop is diverse because they have herman cain . 
  i know admitted racists who have black friends , its not cut and dry like that . 
  they just do mental acrobatics . 
  `` well , john is fine , but the rest of those black people ... ), 
  the problem is that i know a lot of racist here in the states that swear up and down that they do n't hate black people , its just the `` hip hop , thug '' culture . 
  they also have some black friends who only associate with white people and are ok . 
  but they are still racist as fuck . 
  was wondering if this is the same thing . 
  i 'm hoping to get opinions form others on this as well . 
  i 've never interacted with them , am i right to be horrified by the racism of this statement or can a group of people really be this bad ? 
  that 's the worst example ever . 
  nixon was known as a ruthless political operative and amoral and was impeached for crimes . 
  he was the obvious choice . 
  reagan was just a run of the mill republican with a little charisma . 
  being more popular than nixon does n't mean he 's revered . 
  how many times in the media has trickle down been mocked ? 
  plenty . 
  if you base public attitudes on futurama it is easy to see how your opinions got so off base . 
  what ? 
  reagan was a pretty bad president . 
  maybe amongst the gop he is a saint but independent and democrats do n't hesitate to illustrate his failures publicly . 
  the iran-contra deal is brought up quite frequently . 
  i 'd say bill clinton has more reverence among the general population that reagan does . 
  just for fun , what do you think the differences between a nation and a state are ? 
  the word state and nation are interchangeable in the context that you two are talking about . 
  you are suffering from reddit syndrome . 
  conservatives and liberals get along just fine generally despite the vitriol on these boards . 
  there is certainly no militancy involved at all . 
  i really do n't understand where you are getting any of this . 
  do you happen to live in some sort of camp for political extremists ? 
  europe and europeans are certainly as nationalist as their us counterparts . 
  french protectionism is a great example . 
  anti immigration movements seem to be on par with the us . 
  most europeans seem to be assured of their moral and cultural superiority , as you are ( europe is much less homogenous than china or the us is what you said , but that 's laughable to anyone outside of europe ) . 
  you are just wrong and have been called out . 
  seems that despite living in the us , you do n't have a very good grip on civil life at all . 
  you are arguing at once that the us is deeply divided and constantly infighting and also deeply unified in our nationalism ? 
  frankly , your insights are trash . 
  what unity problems ? 
  i have n't heard of any secession movement lately . 
  also i find this response slightly comedic from someone who has an eu flag plastered next to their name . 
  and this subreddit is as far as you need to go to find examples of european nationalism . 
  read the thread about would you move to the usa , or any other thread about the us for that matter and tell me that is n't classic in group/out group nationalism . 
  it could be . 
  but it has developed independently in countless cultures and civilizations throughout history . 
  it is deeply ingrained , and a big reason things like sports and religion are as popular and command as much loyalty as they do . 
  even children show the signs of this in their social lives with in groups and out groups and a general distrust and conflict to those outside their groups and increased loyalty and affinity to those within their own circle . 
  a cursive and superficial study of [ italian history ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/italian_fascism#nationalism_and_empire ) would also reveal that it was only to be replaced by another , just as pervasive nationalism . 
  and that ultimately it is not possible to overcome . 
  nationalism and tribalism in general is human nature . 
  it will always be something . 
  your state , your religion , your supranational power , your football team , your political slant , your economic class etc etc etc. 
  it will do nothing for eradicating it at large, 
  you are kidding yourself if you think that a bigger entity does not have the same amount , if not more nationalism . 
  look at the us , china , or russia . 
  the only difference is that a giant federalized entity has both the will * and * the ability to act on their nationalist impulses . 
  i still think that federalization might be a good thing for europeans , but it wo n't reduce nationalism or the evils that stem from it . 
  i thought you were talking about the potential downgrade now , not the mistake in november . 
  yes , that is unfortunate for france in that case , but the economic impact was not too horrible . 
  if you want to have the discussion that investors should stop taking ratings agencies seriously and listening to their suggestion we can do that . 
  i just do n't agree with governments having any say in what they can say and who they can upgrade or downgrade . 
  individual investors choose . 
  if they profit more by listening to the big credit agencies rather than not , then that is just an economic reality that bond issuing entities will have to deal with . 
  there is just no reason to bitch about the ratings agencies at this point because they are obviously a good indicator for thousands of investors when their money is on the line . 
  javacode , fighting nationalist bashing , by , you guessed it , unapologetic nationalist bashing . 
  good on you for being so hypocritical that it is impossible for you to censor yourself . 
  i do n't even know what could have gone through the minds of the visitors of this sub who upvoted this to the top comment . 
  the fact remains that the french were very confident about and , indeed , proud to have a aaa rating for many years . 
  they did n't have any doubts on the legitimacy of it then , and its not really the time or place for them to criticize it now when they have obvious ulterior motives to discrediting it . 
  downgrading has yet to be proven a mistake . 
  they have economic problems , and just because its a bad thing for france does n't mean that it is inaccurate or bad for investors for it to be downgraded . 
  you are ignoring the thousands of bonds they have been right on too though . 
  one failure or success is n't enough to judge the whole thing . 
  i know that it sucks right now because you do n't agree with it , but no one was complaining about bond agencies before this , and frankly , those being hurt by them at the moment have the least credibility to criticize their accuracy . 
  to be fair i think you are the one with the gross misunderstanding in this argument . 
  not even close, 
  the new union has not even really been agreed upon by all the members yet and are already congratulating yourselves for outgrowing the need for war ? 
  i do n't think that can be said until a crisis emerges . 
  i doubt that the eu will be able to stop some members from leaving without the threat of war if their interests change . 
  it would be the first example in history of a bloodless federalization . 
  and most of the wars come well after the ink has dried on federalist agreements . 
  my point was n't that it 's in europe , my point was how insignificant the language is relative to the world . 
  french is n't even the most widely spoken language in europe . 
  more people in india speak english than the total of the world 's french speakers combined . 
  still an interesting measure though . 
  i think a societies tolerance for low level corruption should have at least somewhat of a bearing on high level corruption . 
  in countries with documented cases of cleptocracies it usually seems to be system wide . 
   is n't that what happened in the usa ? 
  sure , the end ` decision ' was made by the president but the hard work was doen by a bunch of civil servants . 
  why not take out the middle man ? 
  well , not really because the advisers and cabinet members have a research and implementation role , but the president chose between numerous options , and his ideology influenced it . 
  if the people desire a left leaning ideology they elect that , a right leaning one , they elect that . 
  many of the important decisions have a pretty big ideology aspect to it rather than being strictly academic . 
   then he or she will be held accountable . 
  holding a single non elected official accountable is not a satisfactory amount of accountability for decisions where millions of people 's lives or livelihoods are at stake . 
  entire administrations or governments have to be accountable .
