  and it comes at no cost . 
  ( or at a profit in the case of capital flight ), 
  in short they are much richer than the average eu country . 
  yeah . 
  problem is the tobin tax areas are subsidizing the other country 's research for free . 
  and risking a nontrivial amount of capital flight in the process . 
  for any country with banks not joining now is a very profitable no-brainier . 
  what specific means are you talking about ? 
  do any have any precedent ? 
  i think you overestimate the lengths the eu will go to protect the assets of private companies . 
  a default means that a country unilaterally decides to not pay its debt . 
  it really does n't matter what the creditors claim you owe them . 
  it 's off the books and legally they ca n't do shit about it . 
  bad credit ratings will happen . 
  but creditors have 0 power here . 
  you have a fundamental misunderstanding of how sovereign nations interact . 
  also your definition is wrong . 
  default has nothing to do with the ability to pay . 
  a nation could have plenty of cash and still choose to default and creditors still ca n't do anything . 
  it 's really not related to personal finance . 
  what ? 
  the very definition of default means you do n't get to agree to it . 
  you do n't get a choice ... 
  yes we 've established that you like arguing with strawmen . 
  that 's been established in quite a few of your comments ... 
  your example is so integral to my argument . 
  if you could only see it . 
  unfortunately you seem to be combative and just quite unpleasant to have a conversation with . 
  so i concede the argument . 
  you are right and i leave ashamed of my brazen and wrong assumptions . 
  thank you for putting me in my rightful place . 
  has . 
  global language monitor and google partnered to find that english has recently passed 1 million words . 
  that 's cleanly double some languages and a sizable chunk bigger than other modern languages . 
  a lot is attributable to the fact that large populations of very different cultures speak it fluently . 
  if you want any more you will have to google it . 
  that 's exactly my point ... 
  english had by far the biggest vocabulary of modern languages . 
  it is learned by billions of people because it is usable and practical . 
  there are very real structural aspects of english that make it a usable language . 
  i did n't make anything up . 
  i 'm not sure why this hit such a nerve with you . 
  prove me wrong though instead of being a malcontent . 
  its ironic that languages make native versions of new words to preserve their language when that practice is precisely why languages die out . 
  not doing that is a large part of why english gained so much prominence worldwide . 
  switzerland 's strategy is bleed europe until its dry . 
  or they gather the resolve to stop them from stealing . 
  its a spineless system filled with spineless bankers . 
  watch how quickly they give up their customers when someone that can actually hurt them comes knocking . 
  they will soon not be able to do this to first world nations but it is still lucrative to stash away the stolen wealth of the third world . 
  even after some of the wealth from europe is clawed back they will unfortunately have enough of the libyan and egyptians cash to play with for a few generations . 
  i do n't think the us could pull it off either . 
  would become politically untenable . 
  supporting friendly smaller states is ok . 
  but a large rival union that is actually bigger than the us wo n't fly . 
  people kill steal rape and trash everything to get ahead . 
  because weve been relatively peaceful in a few countries for 50 years is not enough to start believing in the good of man . 
  it simply is n't there . 
  we all want to have as much as possible . 
  the only thing stopping a select few in society from taking everything is rule of law and enforcement . 
  it 's all well and good that some are nice and empathetic people . 
  they sound awesome . 
  but those that are ambitious and ruthless will eat their lunch every time if the powers that be do n't stop them through the police . 
  it 's the world you live in . 
  actually everything is a symptom . 
  human nature is the disease . 
  unfortunately that will never be fixed . 
  our second best bet is to stop them at the wallet . 
  no matter what try do where they do it , you can always follow the money . 
  it 's the one common link that all corruptions needs and end at . 
  those in that power gained their positions and influence over you in part because of the ability to pay anonymous . 
  as apprehensive as you are about that , they are as well . 
  it definitely wo n't happen . 
  your nationalist condescension aside , there is a very strong link between the use of cash in a society and it 's corruption . 
  it is without fail and cited a risk factor by all transparency and anti corruption groups . 
  i am off today and i have to deal with this sort of thing all day usually so forgive me if i do n't link it to you specifically . 
  it i so pervasive that a simple comparison . 
  of the corruption index and countries by % of transactions in cash it is simple to see . 
  in the intelligence industry at least corruption and organized crime 's leading indicator is use of cash . 
  without exception . 
  i think that if we truly analyze it anonymous payments are used to screw over the general public much more often than it benefits them . 
  let 's not fool ourselves into thinking that the average honest citizen is n't the biggest loser by far when we allow transactions to go untracked . 
  you are n't even taxed until you are making 100,000 a year . 
  hardly a penalty on those in the acquiring skills stage of their career . 
  well they technically have immunity from arrests while traveling to and from their state to go to congress . 
  more of a vestige from when states would try to hold up other states senators who would otherwise vote for bills they do n't like . 
  thanks for taking the time to write that up . 
  man those police are royally screwing over the nation . 
  when minority groups start feeling that the police wo n't defend them then they begin to defend themselves extralegaly as well . 
  which of course leads to more hate and more justification for vigilantism . 
  then they will just have more groups running around and a real sectarian violence problem on their hands . 
  it 's like they think what happens in the middle east and africa is impossible there . 
  there are worse things in this world than being poor . 
  and this is it . 
  the real sick part of it is that it will ensure that greece will stay poor for a long long time if this is unchecked . 
  the only positive for the crash and possible euro exit is a future increase in foreign investment and tourism because of cheaper prices . 
  that all disappears if they are violent and unstable . 
  wow . 
  are they checking their papers too beforehand ? 
  and where are the police ?
