  a few states have high populations and are much less dense than europe 's average . 
  in fact only about 65 million people live in states with population densities greater than the eu average density . 
  because people latch on to horribly sensationalized or unrepresentative stories like this one ? 
  if they extend this to swedish fish i will gladly take up the slack . 
  i think that grouping russia with those others is a bit disingenuous . 
  brazil and india maybe.resource exporting nations are not typically in the highest tier of development, 
  federal highways budget , military asset allocation , federal building projects , three letter agencies , disaster relief funds , nasa , research grants etc. 
  all of these are better examples of wealth transfers . 
  disproportionately paid for by rich states but evenly and i 'm many cases disproportionately benefits poor states . 
  is n't the whole point of the eu to be that he is n't considered a foreigner at all ? 
  i guess technically natural is a european beer since inbev owns them now . 
  though it was originally developed for and sold in the american market when it was a part of an american company . 
  also i think europeans would be pleasantly surprised by the beer market in the us these days . 
  i know that it 's for european l beers but i defy you to find a beer worse than `` natural ice '' . 
  it is about $ 10 - $ 13 for a 30 pack of cans . 
  the taste can only be described as a slightly sour and flat sparking water with just a splash of grain alcohol mixed in . 
  i think the political will of europe and the us will ensure that the ukraine will at least sustain in self in the short term . 
  in the medium term there might be diminished economic numbers while ukrainian companies seek markets and in the long term europe should be able to negotiate for the entire bloc of associated countries . 
  with a single eu/russia trade agreement ukraine will have a more robust and diverse economy and be ready to jump right back into the russian markets . 
  it would be one of the biggest winners with a strong eu in my opinion . 
  so when a bill or a situation arises that was not in their manifesto how does the public express their needs ? 
  or are you advocating encyclopedic manifestos from each party ? 
  and once a party is defeated are their constituents , no matter how large of a minority completely powerless to effect change ? 
  how would you influence your politicians to act the way their constituency wanted ? 
  ie voting down copyright treaties , etc ? 
  i think if nothing else this crisis will be an excellent case study for future generations on what to do or not to do in a financial crisis . 
  i am speaking to countries not currently in the eu . 
  and moldova is definitely heading towards the eu . 
  norway , switzerland , luxembourg et al are clearly supporting examples . 
  surely you can not deny that of the remaining european countries not in the eu the rich ones do n't want to join and the less developed ones are making moves to eventually get in . 
  it 's more as a warning to other countries considering a move with a little bit of spite mixed in . 
  russia can already see the writing on the wall in regards to ukraine . 
  how is what i said even offensive ? 
  i 'm honestly stumped on this one , is n't that kind of how it breaks down with countries in europe that are not in the eu ? 
  the only ones not trying to join as fast as the union will allow all have higher incomes than germany . 
  obviously belarus and others could be an exception but it breaks down pretty cleanly . 
  here 's a quick formula to see if a country will apply to join the eu : is said country richer per capita than germany ? 
  is the country outside of europe ? 
  if the answer to both of these questions is no then it will likely apply for eu membership . 
  if either of the questions are yes then they will not . 
  this post illustrates op 's obtuseness and nothing more . 
  even the most boot strapping jesus living southerner in the us would n't argue that the point to freedom is unending labor . 
  either you are truly misinformed ( unlikely ) or you are trying to build a strawman and blovating against it . 
  i do n't think anyone with much sense would take this as anything other than a pseudo intellectual rant attempting to start another circle jerk . 
  if any mods are reading this is what will turn this sub into trash if it gets out of hand . 
  in most cases , statistically speaking , no it does n't . 
  it actually does n't stand . 
  gdp per capita and wage levels have a pretty strong correlation . 
  you can of course find exceptions like hong kong but lets get real here . 
  look at a chart of average wage by countries and gdp per capita by country . 
  there is a ton of overlap . 
  ignoring that he said per capita is also silly though . 
  france has been accused of being the largest sponsor of industrial espionage for quite some time now . 
  now that we know the information available to the nsa those claims probably gain even more credibility . 
  oh come off it . 
  i do n't troll this sub, 
  is you opinion that the swiss model is a good template for a future government ? 
  or that a weakened executive and upper house will be able to enact bills in a timely manor ? 
  the fact is that my comment betrays no such lack of knowledge about the eu but a historical view that compromises and power consolidation at some levels are a natural growth feature for a large and diverse government . 
  your examples in this thread completely focus on the negatives of this style and completely ignores the much more serious negatives of other styles . 
  what of a population based representation across the board ? 
  how will smaller nations agree to it without compromising on at least a partial house which grants a minimum representation ? 
  and will no executive or a shared executive cabinet be able to effectively curtail lobbying ? 
  will lobbying not exist just because the targets shift to members of parliament with even fewer regulators watching ? 
  how would the eu handle pork projects without influential politicians from smaller regions ? 
  will all military , space exploration , and government facilities be simply built in regions with the highest populations or will they simply make after the election coalitions and still distribute pork in an even more convoluted system ? 
  your arguments are very untested and weak . 
  the most compelling , however is why have almost every example of a large scale government in history tended towards power consolidation and why would an eu government be different ? 
  european exceptionalism ? 
  i am in awe of your complete inability to read and interpret simple sentences accurately . 
  judging by your spelling and grammar you are both literate and fluent , yet the connotation behind words is a completely foreign concept to you . 
  how could even the most briefly schooled toddler have drawn that from what i said ? 
  i 'm not worried man . 
  i have been on this sub for years and actually really like it . 
  i get downvoted all the time but a lot of the people in here just do n't appreciate my humor or like to be told realistic ir related things without a moralistic shroud over it . 
  also they just downvote for disagreeing so its more of a contempt for reddiquette rather than any meaningful thing . 
  do n't worry about it . 
  edit . 
  switzerland government is also incomparable with a much larger an more diverse nation . 
  the ` flaws ' in the us system are precisely what allows it to govern such a vast area with diverse interests is my point . 
  no , we 're evil . 
  our system is n't a natural evolution of a democracy of that size and scale so much as a deliberate century long conspiracy to spy on redditor 's emails . 
  surely the eu will be a larger switzerland . 
  yeah until you try holding a gay pride parade in select parts of the eu . 
  yeah kind of sucks when people act judiciously against you without a shred of evidence , huh ? 
  you are right . 
  we will surrender our heathrow airport to europe at once in reparation . 
  after you confirm that ownership has been transferred will you kindly stop posting hyperbolic and ill thought out posts ? 
  i do n't think i 've had it sober in over a decade . 
  probably two decades since i have n't regretted it the next morning . 
  i , too , feel strongly about mcdonald 's when/shortly after drinking . 
  probably not in the same way as this discussion though . 
  honestly man , how have you not figured out that he is a troll by now ? 
  i 'm talking about incarceration rates going down . 
  looked it up and i 'm correct . 
  do n't know why people like to downvote and dispute such an easily verifiable fact . 
  i have been led to believe that prison populations have declined for at least a few straight years in the us . 
  the banks ca n't really call in most of the debt unless they have some really weird agreements . 
  wait what ? 
  how is his proposal remotely like that ?
