  check and mate . 
  damn, 
  well it is probably good for germany in the short term so i can see the line of thinking . 
  not sure what it would do to long term relations with eastern europe though . 
  what the hell ? 
  is germany going to quash any actions against them and just agree to not make waves if they stop at crimea ? 
  i am not condoning war nor is the us government in this case . 
  there is a feeling though that some countries are not fulfilling their role in europe as guarantors of stability through their ` courageous inaction . ', 
  be that economic , political or otherwise . 
  also impotence in this case is a perfectly appropriate word and in no way related to its usage as a sexual term . 
  it is commonly used in cases of government inaction . 
  you can argue the idea but no need to denigrate my argument by questioning my maturity . 
  the credible threat of war made russia come to the table in that case . 
  bad example . 
  non action can be courage when not letting emotions or blind fervor dictate your response . 
  not acting when there is a clear injustice and harm , however , is impotence . 
  far from courage . 
  would you just prefer a check in the mail then ? 
  this is a question to be answere by the crimean and ukrainian people with due process of law and a thorough review by all sides on what the practical implications of this is . 
  this is just a rushed and opportunistic power grab to take advantage of kyiv 's political disarray . 
  even without the russian involvement , crimea leadership 's actions are improper . 
  that 's not a real argument unless you think that conflict is unacceptable no matter what encroachments the eu faces . 
  it 's where to draw the line where intervention outweighs the alternative . 
  maybe ukraine does not pass that threshold for you and that is a legitimate argument but categoric rejection of military intervention is bad public policy . 
  publicly commuting to not intervene to a certain point is a guarantee that an adversary will take what they can up to that point . 
  there is much more at stake to the eu than switzerland 's economic benefit . 
  there will be no deal like in norway . 
  there is no need to . 
  the benefit of appearing strong and standing up for its ideals outweighs giving switzerland a fair deal . 
  as far as politic goes this is a no brainier . 
  eu nations have no appetite for giving special deals in the past few years after their own people have tolerated unpopular laws for the sake of unity . 
  every eu country that has an industry that competes with a swiss company will make sure they stay tariffed and unable to compete . 
  you are obviously much more informed of the politics there than i. 
  thank you for the informed perspective . 
  hopefully they would moderate themselves in the face of economic disaster but maybe that 's not a guarantee as i thought . 
  i feel your pain on right leaning politicians . 
  as i 'm sure you 're aware we have a similar problem of true believers sacrificing real public benefit for misguided ideals . 
  why be ashamed ? 
  it is just a test of the eu and switzerland attempting to gain the most from it . 
  it will likely be shot down by the eu if it passes and switzerland will have to backtrack but it 's an important precedent to set . 
  as long as politicians do n't go into full hysterics it can be viewed as switzerland attempting to selectively regain some sovereignty at the expense of the union and clarification of who holds more sway in terms of associated governments and the union . 
  it 's healthy as long as no one takes it way too far . 
  the eu can only punish them severely by axing their agreements . 
  if they let non members pick and choose regulations it would actually be a very strong case for most countries to exit and would gut the union . 
  why cooperate when you can just participate only in what benefits you ... 
  this will end up with switzerland backing down in my opinion . 
  did n't realize that you said comma as well though that makes sense . 
  of course mostly it 's not in english for most comma users . 
  when speaking english as a second language do you still say comma in english or switch to saying point as is the norm in english speaking countries ? 
  those of you from , using places how would you express these written in uk/us style marking : 1,000,000.003 . 
  ( one million three and three one thousandths . ), 
  i earned .2 , 5 , 16.2 , and 18.4 respectively . 
  ( i earned point two , five , sixteen point two and eighteen point four respectively ), 
  hoas are pretty benign usually . 
  most streets they only collect a check each year to landscape a small area and maintain an entrance sign . 
  larger ones also keep a pool or a lake up to code , hire lifeguards/maintenance/security or whatever . 
  some also maintain trails or roads and that 's pretty non controversial . 
  the problem is they also have general rules too for the atmosphere of the neighborhood . 
  mostly pretty benign things like no cars in your front lawn , no chain link fences , open trash pits , lawncare etc etc. 
  there are more restrictive ones that go further and specify color pallets for houses , open air laundry , parking , utility sheds etc. 
  these are what piss people off the most . 
  unfortunately it is in the contract when you buy the house so it is enforceable with fines . 
  unpaid fines result in a lien in your house . 
  the real problem is old people . 
  hoas are run by elected people and honestly the retirees are the ones that have the time and interest to run and make rules . 
  they are typically super conservative and value property value over all else . 
  sometimes they do get ridiculous though and neighbors band together and bit them out . 
  i do n't actually hate my hoa as its not too intrusive and no one i 've met has ever been warned for anything . 
  my neighborhood is also much better looking than the few nearby that are less strict . 
  think mismatched fencing boxing in each yard and project cars under blue tarps in a good number of driveways . 
  but then again i ca n't dry clothes outside or build a shed for my tools . 
  but i do get a pool , tennis courts and a gold course to use for a few hundred dollars a year . 
  the funny thing is that a lot of us neighborhoods outright ban drying clothes outside for aesthetic reasons . 
  damn homeowner associations . 
  at least we can make a proper baguette ca n't take that away from us !, 
  we bow to your superior geographic prowess . 
  the only stat that is worth while is total dollar value ordered minus total expected costs . 
  and no one is reporting that unfortunately . 
  it 's more a roundabout way to increase demands for russian manufactured and agricultural goods . 
  they are just accepting oil as currency for them instead of currency . 
  of course there are some transaction costs but they already have a massive oil exporting apparatus and world demand for oil is much higher than russian goods so it works for them economically . 
  tldr : its easier to sell $ 100m worth of oil than $ 100m worth of manufactured goods so its a good trade for them . 
  we 'd probably do it too if more than 25 % of us even knew that state flags existed let alone could recognize it . 
  why do they have flags though ? 
  is there a tie in with coming from certain places or did people just start waving then randomly ? 
  it very well should , but understand that groups opposed to the change ( uk ) will likely act in an obstructionist way and support limiting eu decision making powers in the future . 
  i think that does ring true . 
  yes , hence the lesson from latin america that these rapid reforms destabilize institutions and weaken them . 
  if its necessary then it must be done but there is a cost to rapid reform so that can be accounted for . 
  great article . 
  thanks for finding it . 
  i particularly love the quote `` democracy is fine as long as nothing changes '' when he was speaking to the fact that coups were only affecting progressive governments and that right wing administrations were n't affected . 
  i think that this is likely universal and speaks to the idea that all reforms must not only be done for a common goal and interest but incrementally enough to not threaten such a diverse set of economic interests . 
  even if the benefits are clear , fast reform is a risk and member states will not tolerate that without incremental success first . 
  i doubt that reforms will lead to revolution in europe but members will certainly opt to weaken the eu 's power rather than accept fast change . 
  the lesson learned here would be that the most stable and successful eu institutions will be excruciatingly conservative in their timelines and spend the bulk of their efforts identifying common , non controversial benefits . 
  big changes will certainly come but they must come incrementally and at a barely perceptible pace . 
  aggression in the near term will likely weaken the union in the medium to long term . 
  especially when money is involved . 
  i actually very much doubt that .
