  so you believe that the west orchestrated it ? 
  which western nation in particular and how ? 
  so europe deserves the blowback from voicing support from ukraine when russia actively sent in military and even shot down an airliner during its attempt to destabilize the region ? 
  all while explicitly lying about it to the world . 
  that 's the party who will deal with blowback from the situation , not europe . 
  halfway is n't really an option though . 
  they are way out of bounds and trying to take a role in europe as if they were a much larger military and economic power . 
  it 's not really tenable to meet them anywhere near their perceived status . 
  the opinion is not so much unpopular as it is wrong . 
  you have to believe quite a few obviously false propaganda pieces to reach it . 
  the alternative is military or no action though . 
  neither of which are good options against an increasingly aggressive neighbor . 
  they ca n't do anything . 
  but it 's literally a tax write off in europe . 
  it 's actually a pretty contentious issue in the states as a lot of people feel that the eu does not ban these practices as a business advantage . 
  if you google the foreign corrupt practices act there is a lot of interesting reading . 
  could you link the contractor arrest story ? 
  would be interested to see what they did . 
  the funny thing is that european companies can bribe for contracts freely throughout the world . 
  us companies are barred from this and prosecutable if that happened . 
  reddit is actually quite important to pr campaigns there days . 
  central no , but definitely considered . 
  so i guess you 'll be leaving the wto then ? 
  there are a ton of immigration policies and visas . 
  i do n't think you know much about the subject . 
  this is ... retarded . 
  so you based your decision on misleading articles ? 
  i do n't believe in any of those things . 
  it is obvious where the delusion lies . 
  sometimes those in need are embarrassed of their handouts and lash out . 
  does n't make the handouts any less needed though . 
  i had another post that asked the same question and just posted my thoughts on it , in this same thread . 
  having to support every product you have ever made forever is impossible . 
  unlike cars , security flaws are inevitable . 
  every operating system patch ( and upgrade ) is can potentially create new security vulnerabilities . 
  new ones are discovered daily and many of them are critical . 
  on top of that , any program that uses encryption is going to have to upgrade constantly as computing power increases and the algorithm they used becomes obsolete and trivial to crack . 
  for a large program it takes a lot of time to maintain it . 
  this means having a team to compile and record newly found vulnerabilities and developer to fix them . 
  along with software testers , customer service etc. 
  what that rule would end up doing would force companies to be very restrictive about what software to release and to remove extra features like encryption . 
  and small companies will be overburdened with keeping a dev team for unprofitable and barely used products rather than using those resources for more profitable endeavors . 
  imagine releasing a game app and 20 years later when all the original developers are long gone , and the source code is lost somewhere among backup tape in a now unused programming language and getting a fine because the latest android kinderegg release created a vulnerability allowing a would be hacker to see your username and high scores . 
  this is a good way to chase even more software companies out of europe . 
  really fast way to kill the industry . 
  absolutely no reason they would answer that or be compelled to . 
  you know the system is poorly designed when the recourse of those in power is to write a pointed letter . 
  that 's a funny way to spell hong kong and singapore . 
  britain really screwed themselves this week but let 's not start pretending that the eu is competent now either . 
  is that true ? 
  curious if there 's studies of poor areas without black populations with similar crime rates . 
  well you should move out and report your landlord to the police then i guess because that 's not close to legal . 
  highly doubt that . 
  what state do you live in ? 
  haha . 
  where is it that houses do n't have foundations . 
  where could you possibly be staying ? 
  a trailer park ? 
  not having a transport board with women and nonwhites , clearly . 
  sure they will . 
  wealthy people value their time very highly . 
  last minute getaways would no longer be possible to europe . 
  what could be done ? 
  is n't it abundantly obvious ? 
  it 's obvious and the only fix . 
  europe ca n't honestly continue having separate passports and foreign policy from all member countries and then act surprised as these credentials are treated differently . 
  as is their right . 
  it will just make traveling to europe harder though . 
  there is no reason the us has to restrict europeans besides the countries that already are , which is their right . 
  like i said , europe is trading economic advantage for a political statement here if it is handled reasonably by the us . 
  well non reaction will do several things . 
  the us government would prove impervious to eu manipulation and it really would be an economic win as well . 
  essentially reducing a deficit in tourism and keeping some travelers domestic while not creating more barriers for travel to the us . 
  think a multinational company deciding to hold a board meeting in new york or paris , they will probably go on the side that does n't have the hassle of getting everyone a visa . 
  not huge things but definitely the smartest play . 
  especially since there are n't any real security/immigration concerns here . 
  europe gets a political statement and us gets a competitive advantage . 
  the best reaction is to leave visa rules in place as is . 
  let tourists and business come as they wish . 
  if europe wants to restrict that to themselves that is their sovereign right . 
  this is a political decision and by definition not efficient for the economy or really for security . 
  not that i expect trump to do anything effective at all really . 
  he 'll probably reciprocate . 
  the problem is that the us will be the other way under trump too . 
  so germany will have to be america to turn the other way from this administration . 
  checkmate . 
  maybe removed then ? 
  or too far down for my mobile settings . 
  where are the comments blaming the dutch ? 
  all i see are comments complaining about the dutch comments . 
  that and trying to preemptively blame un/nato for their incident . 
  you just described democracy ... everyone lobbies . 
  i 'm just in awe of this thread . 
  it is probably the biggest fundamental issue to your crisis yet europeans are here fully supporting northern europe keeping and benefitting from devalued currency while they strangle the rest by not implementing fiscal transfers . 
  it 's inexplicable !, 
  if the views in this thread reflect the knowledge general europeans have on this topic the problems and regulatory log jams will get so much worse . 
  it 's not the us that will bear the brunt of the imbalance . 
  let me explain this to the less than informed : every item exported from the north under a devalued currency is a subsidy to the buyer . 
  it is paid by the labor force of the north . 
  you are essentially paying americans to buy from your companies .
