  but even if they did the eus considerable federal military would strike fear into any world power . 
  china is also doing a similar thing with english . 
  slightly scared ? 
  that would absolutely be the only possible response . 
  a hyperbolic and misleading documentary is commonplace . 
  `` i went somewhere and it turned out to be ordinary and kind of what is expected '' probably would n't get sales/views . 
  what is it with people named roman and being a corrupt lobbyist ? 
  it 's pretty negligible economically in both cases . 
  it i more of a black mark on mental health care and compassion than economic indicators anyways . 
  the entire premise of buy and subsidize the chip making market is illegal though . 
  someone will buy the chips and those manufacturers will end up paying less than true market value for chips and force other makers to sue or go out of business . 
  the wto agreements would n't allow it . 
  lol subsidize tech manufacturing and just watch what china does to you . 
  that is like launching a preemptive nuke in a trade war . 
  anyways the problem is not inability . 
  of the top 25 us tech companies almost half wee founded or cofounder by first or second generation europeans . 
  they started them abroad though . 
  there is a structural reason for that that must be changed . 
  buying companies is n't that . 
  and if it turns out the eu was cooperating or encouraging this what then ? 
  how is this an arab spring . 
  they are secular and opposing an islamist leaning administration . 
  they just banned alcohol past 10 pm and were razing a park for a mall . 
  if protesting that is n't european then what is ? 
  lol no . 
  sure you can . 
  power existed long before money . 
  revolutionaries tend to gain power early . 
  the wealth comes after their power is consolidated . 
  world powers use their power to make money by securing fair trade deals ( for themselves ) detering other countries from interfering in their affairs or just directly taxing people . 
  a great example is china . 
  decades ago they were broke . 
  their population and size though made them powerful . 
  the wealth came back quickly . 
  another example is cyprus . 
  they were rich , but not powerful at all . 
  that wealth is not coming back . 
  money follows power , not the other way around . 
  domestic demand is actually quite important . 
  what you can not do is be a net exporter forever . 
  manufacturing advantage is not so easy to maintain in the long run . 
  we 're all boned . 
  the european crisis is unfortunate timing but the fact is that the world is developing quickly . 
  abject poverty is going away and competition is rising . 
  the us europe australia et al are not in such a dominating position anymore and it is not a stretch to see some or all fall from relative grace . 
  the good news is that 100 years from now we will all live much better than we do today . 
  the bad news is that we are not guaranteed to be living better than people in current developing countries . 
  ( bad news for us in the developed world . 
  the rest of the world is quite alright with it . ), 
  cheer up . 
  after a few english uni classes you 'll have learned a bunch of new insults to say , 
  australia , canada and new zealand have not denounced their memberships in the commonwealth last i heard . 
  though i will concede that they could peacefully if they chose . 
  iceland is a good example but it is not really a good parallel . 
  their previous rulers were occupied and militarily defeated already . 
  not to mention far away . 
  i think that comparing colonial secessions in a post colonial world is a bit disingenuous though . 
  they are treated more as a property than an integral part of the nation . 
  in an era where colonial territory was considered more vital and close to the interests of a country secession movements were met with more violence . 
  look !, 
  someone made an mistake on the internet . 
  and in a subreddit with a large proportion of people whose first language is n't english !, 
  does n't excuse my errors , but unless someone asks you for a line edit , it is bad form to point out mistakes in a casual discussion . 
  your example is a nation that not only has not seceded , but also has a history of bitter violent fighting over that very issue ? 
  ok . show me an example of a secession that went down without violence . 
  let alone one instigated by a rich majority . 
  i can assure you that the list of violent ones will exceed the word limit on the post . 
  even if you could find an obscure example it would not be enough to contradict a very clear and constant historical trend . 
  shit . 
  i did n't think about that but there is pretty much a recipe for civil war . 
  poverty + suffering + rich minority trying to bounce out at a critical time ? 
  do n't see a scenario where this is not a bloodbath when the majority of young men are n't employed . 
  that depends entirely on how much money i had . 
  with current finances it is germany . 
  plus i have n't studied german in years so it would be nice to learn a new language too . 
  my country has the same problem . 
  everyone things that they 're entitled to live a wealthy life in perpetuity just because their fathers did . 
  as the world gets more competitive and the developing world citizens gain greater access to technology and education there is no moral or structural reason why an african or an indian person should live any worse than an american or european . 
  the brilliant and talented will always do well . 
  it 's the other portion of the population that will drag the others down now . 
  we simply ca n't afford to let our worst live a lavish life at the expense of the rest of the worlds best . 
  economics and technology changes will no longer allow it . 
  i think it is a bit institutional . 
  r & amp ;d share is n't an exact parallel but i think that the relative decline in the eu shows that new tech and startups is n't a priority for growth . 
  r & amp ;d link : http://conversableeconomist.blogspot.com/2013/02/global-r-overview.html?m=1 edit to mention : the us has a decline here too . 
  maybe it is gettin cheaper and easier for the developing world to innovate with the advent of computers and less cost to entry . 
  totally agree unfortunately we have to eliminate essential yet mundane and unskilled jobs to reach that end . 
  i was pondering the usage of the word uncouth just today . 
  you , sir , embody it . 
  not only that but they somehow managed to take the rest as an interest free loan with a monthly payment of $ 3,000 per month per account holder . 
  it would however , make the effective minimum wage jump to be significantly higher than the basic guaranteed wage . 
  who is honestly going to wait table or field it help desk tickets when they can pursue their scrapbooking hobby full time for the same wage guaranteed ? 
  basic services will need to offer more money to be attractive employers and become more expensive . 
  when it is more expensive for basic services then the basic wage will of course rise to this fact and the cycle continues again . 
  tldr : inflation , germans wo n't let you . 
  this post is about the development index . 
  that fact is just as important as the freezing temp of water or aluminum can use per capita . 
  those stats are also similar in the fact that they have no relevance as a top level comment on this thread . 
  they are posted solely to offset any differences the original stat had to people 's preconceived world view . 
  the simple guide to posting statistics comparing eu and us in this subreddit : is the stat favorable to the eu ?
