though it 's flattering to be painted as the mastermind of this i do n't think the us has much to do with it . 
  saudi arabia wants to stop the development of fracking and other oil and gas extraction methods . 
  keeping the price low is the best way to do it as their oil is dirt cheap for them to get and they can make up the shortfall in volume . 
  with the demand for oil trending down and alternative energy pushes making progress saudi arabia has very little reason not to pump as much as they can for now . 
  russia is n't blunt . 
  russia is an abject failure and it trying to use illegitimate means to hold on to power they no longer have the wealth or influence for . 
  it wo n't work in the long run . 
  it ca n't even be compared to the us 's situation . 
  in what world does the us control the un . 
  and more importantly where are these imperialist tendencies taking shape ? 
  what specific territories are being annexed ? 
  they have simply replaces it with a monument if their social progress in the coming decade . 
  are there issues with the oil and gas industry and the environment ? 
  yes . 
  does it warrant this type of hysteric reaction ? 
  certainly not . 
  i think in this case market share speaks for itself . 
  completely misinformed . 
  there are legitimate reasons for all if that an the scenarios where thy are useful are much more common than crashing . 
  where gb failed was that it assumed that it would always remain the center of power . 
  a union that is fair would have eventually seen the capital or at least most of its leaders from the colonies as that is where the bulk of the population and economic activity would be . 
  it 's not about giving freedoms but rather arrogantly thinking people from a small country can effectively and fairly run a much larger country . 
  the idea of royals and aristocracy pretty much assured the end of the british empire imo . 
  but yeah , if it were done fairly the anglospjere would probably be killing it . 
  in all honestly we would probably be a highly successful developed union to this day . 
  because as soon as any area had a windfall be it in natural resources or business they would suddenly feel the need for independence from the rest of the `` leeches '' in their country . 
  it would essentially be a system of utilizing a larger state for its benefits to develop but the people get no benefit when their assisted areas do actually do well . 
  everyone with money would live in an immigration free city state an leave the masses to a wholly unwieldy and broke union to fend for themselves if we went that route . 
  of course this leads to the inevitable but by now most countries have learned to avoid war and the idea of forming new wealthy city states within already functioning countries pretty rare . 
  as unpopular as it is being a part of a larger union does have its binding restrictions . 
  i have to say that as much as i like self determination , the constitutional requirement of having * all * spaniards vote on these issues hardly seems unfair . 
  the line where independence is legal has to be drawn somewhere . 
  certainly higher than an individual , a town and a city . 
  catalonia is probably barely big enough in reality but it 's close . 
  i suspect that the catalan people themselves are not much different than their spanish counterparts . 
  in the end it will be over the prospects of relatively few catalan people benefiting from the handful of successful entities in the region rather than all of spain . 
  all equally undeserving . 
  can we count germany or japan . 
  i hear they did alright for themselves . 
  these are all good points . 
  unfortunately when an adversary 's strategy is to make you think these things in place of action , any action at all is probably better than none . 
  it all comes down to cost . 
  they do this because of costs . 
  they have calculated that the cost to them is less than what they receive and by extension that the cost to intervene is too high for you . 
  there is only one way to break that model . 
  you are acting like this is a turnaround when in reality it is n't . 
  before this republicans introduced the magnitsky act which most saw as a clear censure of putin 's policies . 
  if you researched further , you can see that they mostly opposed plans to remove missile defense systems in eastern europe . 
  further evidence would be senator mccains comments that putin is not to be trusted and the republican nominee for president designating russia as a geopolitical enemy despite very few current issues . 
  that is so far from the truth i do n't even know where to begin . 
  if you take even the most cursory look at republican legislation regarding russia from the republicans or statements made by prominent leaders it the opposite of what you say . 
  even before this crisis that party had taken the most punitive line with putin . 
  practically no one here . 
  putin is seen as an asshole and sore loser by pretty much every political and social group in the us . 
  does n't seem that bad considering the population and the existence of mental illness that precludes people from being literate . 
  of course any kid who is capable yet simply not educated is tragic so it 's not really something to get lax about . 
  it kind of proves his point though if you ca n't find at least one ez nation with even the same growth as the worst anglo example . 
  what the hell man . 
  we get blamed for everything . 
  the only reason it even appears that you are following is because you took an obscenely long time to react to a country violating sovereignty and proceeding to stoke a war on your own damn continent . 
  now you bitch because you take a proportionately bigger hit ? 
  who is affected more ? 
  and who should be paying more than you in your opinion ? 
  because they are going to just buy it and then never use it of course . 
  it 's not like their main areas of operation are around europe of her allies . 
  but seriously , this is like a local blacksmith agreeing to continue exporting grappling hooks while the castle is under siege . 
  militaries buy weapons to use them . 
  russia operates mainly near europe and does n't exactly share the same interests in most cases . 
  it is probably that these ships will kill people that europe does n't want killed . 
  it is a pretty simple equation even without the ukraine crisis imo . 
  the thing is , as the world power that germany ha emerged as there are a lot more considerations than just immediate humanitarian concerns . 
  it 's easy to focus just on that as a small country and it plays so damn well domestically and abroad if you do n't have much influence . 
  but this confrontation will reverberate throughout the region or decades . 
  with all due respect to the dead it is about much more than them . 
  germany was depended on to lead , and to balance this situation for what it is , not to be the peacekeeper at all costs . 
  if that were the case the vatican could have handled that . 
  merkel did more to delegitimize the eu during this crisis than anyone else in its history . 
  how you can view germany 's handling of it anything but appalling i do n't know . 
  it may have been popular for some domestic business interests but it completely turned off nearly every foreign ally germany has and it is doubtful that they will want to look for their leadership in the future . 
  and the true failure here is that this was all for a marginally better relationship with russia which is out the window now anyways . 
  forgive my ignorance but how can orphanages have a vacation period ? 
  where exactly do orphans vacation ? 
  that 's a whole other debate but in this case i am not sure that the skew in this measures is a factor , considering that the high executive wages are still a cost of business and will still factor into an analysis of salary expenses . 
  i admit i have n't taken a very close look at the methodology on these averages but would n't most of the very rich gain most of their income through capital gains which would n't be factored into wages ? 
  i do n't think that really would be enough to account for the sizable wage gap . 
  plus the disparity is n't as big as looking up government mandated vacation as most jobs do offer it . 
  25 extra vacation days a year over the us is a pretty generous estimation , but would still not be significant enough to make up for 20 % + lower income . 
  would n't labor be a competitive advantage for the eu vs. american companies ? 
  this is exhausting . 
  i would recognize that its bad form to criticize his gas expenditure while also asking that he use it for me as well . 
  that 's the point . 
  no , whether he needs the car for other things or not is immaterial in my analogy . 
  agreed . 
  and that 's my point that a lot of europeans feel qualified to both criticize the us 's military budget and insist it defend europe at the same time . 
  it 's kind of like bumming a ride from your friend all the time and then criticizing his retirement savings because he spends too much in gas . 
  exactly !, 
  why should this cost europeans anything ? 
  we would be happy to pay considering our public healthcare and infrastructure is squared away . 
  now if only there were some other nato allies that are well under the agreed upon military spending guidelines they could chip in too . 
  i would like to sincerely apologize for our ineffective and insufficient defense of the european continent .
