  whats to stop parliament from just replacing the old civil servant with another similar one ? 
   why not legitimacy in the form of competence as described in a curriculum vitae ? 
  because , quite frankly , who is qualified to review and judge the cv of someone to lead the eu in a crisis besides the people ? 
  how can he be the legitimate leader of an entire continent ( temporary as it may be ) by simply submitting his application ? 
  if the people deem that a strong cv is the most important factor in this , then they may still elect the person with the most impressive cv , or one who intends to fill and listen to his cabinet with impeccable cvs . 
   i think individual european countries ' governments will still be able to keep an eye on a europarlement and such ambassadors . 
  the important thing is to keep the sovereignty of the countries as strong as possible . 
  individual european countries can not have it both ways . 
  economic dominance , and being a world power require size and the ability to act . 
  unfortunately the only way to pool this together is to cede a fair amount of sovereignty . 
  there really is n't a way around that . 
  if the eu wants the world to treat it as a unified bloc , it must act like it complete with a sovereign , legitimate , and strong central authority . 
  its completely up to the people though . 
  if its not what they want it is certainly not required of them . 
  just understand that you ca n't have the benefits of a powerful union and autonomous nations simultaneously , as the current eu ( as well as early us states ) have shown us . 
  a specialized ambassador is nice , but someone who is appointed just does n't have the mandate from the people to make big decisions . 
  can you see a parliament-appointed civil servant making the call to pour billions into a bailout package in an economic crisis ? 
  or a military adviser giving the command to bomb or put soldiers in a country that might be an imminent threat ? 
  imagine if the decision they made is wrong . 
  these are things that need to happen quicky , and obviously intelligence and economic experts do n't have time to completely inform every member of parliament , and even if they could , the need for secrecy and non politicization of the issue would make telling so many people at the outset impossible . 
  an expert ambassador could do the job , but the decisions weigh so much on the success of the eu , and the legacy it leaves that the one making the decisions must have legitimacy in the form of consent from the people . 
  and as the people are entitled to choose their leaders , they are also obligated to be accountable for the people and policies they allow . 
  and another point , these ambassadors you describe seem a lot like an executives cabinet . 
  the only thing missing is an actual executive , and thus accountability is missing too . 
  power with no accountability is a truly frightening and corrupting thing . 
  at least an executive and his cabinet serve at the whim of the people . 
  i do n't agree that there are no new frontiers for europe though . 
  the us is going to lose its place as the world 's sole superpower . 
  europe will have to become one of the poles in a new multipolar world , or risk being left behind . 
  it will have so many new roles in foreign policy , trade , military etc. 
  and on the scale that none of the individual countries or their parliaments have experience in . 
  many of these situations are best handled by an executive with a mandate from the people rather than a parliament . 
  as good as a parliament can be , they are never quick , informed , nor decisive as an executive . 
  established culture , economics and institutions simply will not be enough in the future and i doubt the eu can rest on that . 
  you do n't need an executive for charisma . 
  you need an executive that can guide the union successfully through a rapidly changing global landscape with increasingly powerful and complex allies and competitors . 
  eu parliament will definitely have to play a huge role , but as the eu grows in power , some functions of the government need to be done swiftly and absent of regional influence . 
  that 's just how big countries work . 
  is n't there something to be said of the unifying power of an elected executive though . 
  the parliamentary elections are all focused around regional interests and national politicians . 
  a universally elected executive is a chance for the countries to vote on a person to lead the entire eu and shape the direction it goes . 
  it would be something people across national borders would try to elect in a cooperative effort . 
  it seems without that unifying power , and a mandate from a majority of european people to the executive to lead the eu 's future policies , there may be a risk of a logjam in parliament and too much regional infighting to get much done . 
  sure its not tradition , but tradition is shot to hell anyways when you have the whole of europe uniting politically . 
  and without bloodshed on top of that !, 
  if europe really wanted the us to bail them out , they would be in talks right now with china to trade controlling interest in airbus , french defense companies , plus other political considerations for a bailout from their sovereign wealth fund . 
  we 'd buy an entire fleet of a380s to ship the cash over fast enough . 
  i really doubt the diplomats in brussels have enough pull and resources behind them to undermine entire countries and screw over powerful european banks . 
  plus unsustainable models like that in greece is bound to happen at some point . 
  us 's bank crisis hurried it along i 'm sure , but its hard to imagine how this could have turned out different without a voluntary reversal of policy on the part of the piigs countries . 
  who are you to say they do n't fit in european society ? 
  they are there , they live there and are part of that society . 
  its impossible for them not to fit . 
  you ca n't just not count a sizable minority because you feel that real europeans are n't religious or brown . 
  i guess i do n't understand how we are being presented in europe then . 
  do we literally have ads about us for tourism ? 
  or just as messages in our movies etc ? 
  i 'm curious now . 
  could you possibly link or explain some of these messages ? 
  edited it some to make sense . 
  basically i 'm calling most of the hate petty . 
  i think it can mostly be seen as the human need to feel better than their peers . 
  it all seems like an inferiority complex fueled family feud . 
  rather than a legit protest against a terrible country . 
  there is no way a person thinking rationally could have such strong opinions of the us yet barely even talk about places in the world that are clearly worse . 
  it 's just petty to want to bring a people down a peg just because they like their country . 
  it 's like they just ca n't stand that americans have pride in themselves . 
  its the strangest thing is n't it ? 
  when you talk to a european its like some huge divide and rivalry , and when you talk to an american its nothing but praise for europeans , or at least a general attitude that its `` nice . '', 
  i just love how people love to make a strawman up , like someone is asking them to move to the us , just so they can shoot it down as snidely as they can . 
  after getting out in the world and meeting a lot of europeans it was a real reality check . 
  of course they still rely on american culture and companies as much as ever . 
  they just seem to simultaneously hate it as well . 
  its a huge legal hassle to ship alcohol internationally , plus beer is hard to ship too far anyways . 
  i think the only way to reliably do it is to find a bar that somehow buys specialty stuff from the states . 
  i was going to suggest [ this wonder of society ] ( http://www.amazingbeerclub.com/ ) but unfortunately they wo n't ship outside of the states = /, 
  well this may be one of the most karmatic self fulfilling prophecies i have ever seen . 
  tsa screenings are not sexual assault , unless you consider the agents there as doing it to get their rocks off . 
  does n't meet the legal definition at all , and frankly you are cheapening the term of a very invasive and terrible crime just for hyperbole 's sake . 
  insurance must continue to cover your long term illnesses for the most part . 
  in some rare cases it has n't but most states have laws that they ca n't drop people once they contract something while insured . 
  traffic cop murders are nowhere near endemic . 
  there is no procedure that you wo n't be able to get in the us . 
  you are being hyperbolic by saying people die from this . 
  other doctor 's get called in , and this is so very very rare in the first place . 
  the only thing they are examples of is gross exaggerations . 
  they 're just waiting to buy german guaranteed bonds elsewhere at much higher rates . 
  no investor would invest in such low yield bonds in europe now considering that there 's going to be a ton of great deals on bonds in the near future with investor confidence so low . 
  distance , sure i can see that . 
  but most here see european society and values as absolutely better than the us . 
  a common point is that europeans do n't act superior about themselves , so that makes them superior and thus able to openly attack the others . 
  and yet no one sees the irony of the situation or the fact that its a classic in group/out group sociological need to feel better than `` others . '', 
  and another point , this type of mocking does n't go both ways . 
  besides a few fringe right wing people , a lot of americans perceive europe in a very good light . 
  many times more positively than what it actually is . 
  fact is that us/europe decided to do two different things with their time of economic growth . 
  us choose , security , domination in foreign affairs and leadership , while eu chose , social harmony , healthcare , and stable high paying workforces . 
  neither entity can afford to do both , and neither choice is better than the other . 
  it could have easily gone the other way around and i wish people would get off their high horse once and for all . 
  the us ca n't be like europe and europe ca n't be like the us anytime soon because of the choices we have made as societies a long time ago .
