  so you are disgusted by the us vs them mentality because it hinders in an even greater us vs them mentality ? 
  yeah i was wondering that myself . 
  in the first minutes of the raid its totally understandable , but after having a day to fortify prepare and make strategies it seems wholly incompetent . 
  maybe he somehow lured a negotiating team or something ? 
  yeah it was pretty shady . 
  but i 'd still like you to answer my question though . 
  how does that make my point invalid anyways ? 
  are you saying that eu intelligence is not connected or well funded enough to independently verify ? 
  if they did n't want the war they could have easily not gone to war . 
  they used it the same way that the us did which is for public support . 
  the powers that be in both cases went to war because it is in their interests . 
  this is not a simple case of a good government being tricked into war by an evil one . 
  the view i am challenging is that europe , distracted by these lies , would not have gone to war nor wanted it . 
  i also take issue that they do not have the resources or expertise to verify these claims . 
  if they are willing to go to war over unverified claims , i think they had a hard on for it from the beginning . 
  obviously they may not publicly admit it , but actions are very telling . 
  either they are criminally reckless in not verifying these claims by the us before subjecting their military men and women to great harm , or they determined that such a war and the ensuing change in the status quo in the mid east serves their interest as well . 
  which one is it ? 
  so that 's the us 's fault too . 
  i am seeing a pattern in your worldview . 
  edit : you are not the same person so nevermind on the pattern thing . 
  and which oil exporting country has the us invaded without european support and direct military involvement ? 
  i do n't think the middle east sees the eu as benevolent as you think they do . 
  so you also believe that this crisis is manufactured by us organizations to keep hold of the reserve currency market ? 
  maybe a side affect of the crisis is that the dollar is more in demand , but that 's a very bold accusation to say that they are actively working to undermine it . 
  seems to be casually accepted by a lot of people here though . 
  goldman sachs destroyed greece , us ratings agencies are undermining europe 's credit etc etc. 
  germany has tangentially benefited from the crisis as well in the same way the us has , yet everyone seems to see the ` germany manufactured this crisis ' people as the nutjobs they are . 
  why is n't the same level of skepticism shown for these us conspiracy theories ? 
  why why why is it that everytime someone has economic problems it is the us screwing over an otherwise healthy economy . 
  i can see egypt venezuela or iran doing this but i thought europeans would be more resistant to this sort of propaganda . 
  can you at least articulate how a weak euro helps the us ? 
  all those cheaper imports ? 
  another poster did that [ elsewhere ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dqnm7.png ), 
  sounds like the ticket collector is a bit of a twit actually . 
  i mean they had socks and sandals for gods sake . 
  better ostracize them !, 
  no need to apologize . 
  only thing i really mean that a union without near economic parity is very unlikely . 
  you get me wrong . 
  i do n't think you are assholes at all or even wrong for that matter . 
  i was echoing what you said and adding the point why the eu wo n't be federalizing soon . 
  i would n't want to sacrifice my countries prosperity in the same situation either, 
  so what you 're saying is you want the poorer countries to fix their problems but you wo n't tie your fate to them until it wo n't have any inconvenience on you ? 
  only after they have done this you can meet as equals . 
  in more words of course . 
  and here is the crux of the matter . 
  the rich countries will never want to join and share their good fortune with the rest of europe unless there is a very compelling reason . 
  war , foreign threat etc. 
  you will never see a country like norway join until every oil well runs dry , switzerland as long as they can enrich themselves over their neighbors through their banking laws . 
  i know that this issue has nothing to do with healthcare in the us , but its always a point of contention and i had an interesting thought . 
  i for one , think the eu has some of the greatest healthcare plans in the world , but obviously not all in my country want this . 
  and i see a lot of people pulling their hair out in frustration and wondering why . 
  it comes down to a deep seeded protectiveness of rights . 
  when the state begins to pay for healthcare , suddenly what you do to or put in your body becomes the public 's business . 
  the argument i dont want you to be able to do x and it should be illegal because i have to pay for the outcome is a legitimate line . 
  dunno exactly why i wrote that or who it is to really haha . 
  carry on . 
  except for the part where the farmer takes 20 of that 100 pays a saudi company for the oil . 
  and the prostitute makes a payment on her chinese made smartphone , and the politician uses his cut to in part to import his favorite german car . 
  it never gets back to the hotel in a globalized economy and the german tourist comes back down to find that he ' been robbed . 
  they already have that , i think they named it the nobel prize . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  the airline industry is inherently risky and expensive . 
  without subsidies ticket prices would be much higher or airlines would cut as many costs as they could . 
  not a good prospect for air travelers unless you would like the ryanair experience as the status quo . 
  i can agree with that . 
  my argument was that the current standard of living is not affordable . 
  inflation would be a much milder correction to those countries problems . 
  it still would be a decrease in standard of living though , albeit not nearly as severe . 
  not being able to afford present high wages is exactly the type of example of not being able to afford their current lifestyle i am talking about ... 
  if italy or spain left the eu right now do you contend that its citizens would not suffer a decrease standard of living ? 
  ( ignoring the costs of actually separating , setting up a new currency etc ), 
  austerity is seen as such a negative thing because it is political suicide . 
  since it is such an unpopular thing to do , politicians will only do it when there is absolutely no choice . 
  if there is absolutely now choice is means the economy is already cratering . 
  and economies that are already cratering tend to continue to do shitty with or without austerity . 
  many nations simply ca n't afford to maintain the lifestyle they once did though , so it doesnt really matter if austerity is good or bad for an economy because the money simply inst there . 
  borrowing more , or taxing the corporations/rich/mr . 
  burns will only get you so far , but isnt a sustainable plan either . 
  its a media circus , but no , even though republicans are in my opinion wrong an incredible proportion of the time , most do not think anything like this perry clown . 
  not even close to unifying gestalt . 
  you would n't know it by reading reddit , but somehow even conservative states tend to function with their republican leaders . 
  the whole extremest republican thing unfortunately is mostly theater . 
  the thing you have to realize is that campaigning and being in the news has a lot of benefits . 
  the candidates themselves do n't even believe what they say . 
  but while they continue to make the news and ruffle the feathers of real political figures , people who this benefits will continues to go to their $ 200 a person fundraising dinners , donate to their pacs etc. 
  the benefits are clear , as they get their food , travel , clothing , networking , and fame for free through their campaign donations . 
  they also make ridiculous amounts of money later with their notoriety through books , speaking engagements , consulting jobs , and if they are extremely lucky political appointments leveraged through backing off or laying it on certain candidates at the right time . 
  as infuriating as it is , these guys are professional trolls and by thinking that its the `` gestalt '' of the party is the sole reason that they will continue to be funded and encouraged by certain people who benefit from their antics . 
  they downgraded the us as well . 
  there is no currency war . 
  why is it that everywhere in the world , be it from russia to libya to the eu sees a massive conspiracy and starts publicly blaming the us for it 's ills when things start turning to shit ? 
  true but there is a problem with jurisdiction as brussels controls the euro but individual states would take control of their currencies should it collapse . 
  most of the legwork ca n't be done by eu officials . 
  that would be the responsibility of individual state 's lawmakers . 
  i do n't think too many currencies do have an exit strategy . 
  you ca n't really fault the eu for not spending resources to plan for the contingency that it is a complete failure . 
  you might if you ca n't afford a house/rent payments . 
  trash article .
