  forgive my ignorance on greek society but surely somewhere with that many people would have multiple patrols assigned to it , all able to respond to something like that in under 60 seconds ... 
  california is one of the rich states that are not bailed out . 
  along with new york and illinois they make the most money . 
  their funds are used to pay mostly southern states . 
  the state government of california was not bailed out but at the same time bankrupt state government is n't nearly as pressing as an actual country 's government . 
  and there is no legal way for anyone to make the people of california pay or to punish businesses there a a creditor . 
  bailing them out is pointless when it is cheaper to just subsidize later and there is no real consequence of a default aside from that state government having fundraising problems in the future . 
  i hate to break it to you but our entire system is built on richer states bailing out the weaker ones on a yearly basis . 
  it is just institutionalized to the point that it is depended on , factored into budgets , and its not even newsworthy anymore . 
  it 's a good thing mainly . 
  also no real loyalty to ones state and complete capital and labor mobility result from it which is the source of a lot i economic progress here . 
  and when your businessmen go to do business in asia or the middle east they will have something to talk about ? . 
  not choosing english has nothing to do with practicality and everything to do with pride . 
  it 's pointless to even attempt to dress it up any other way . 
  i think the eus best chance is a strategic breakup at this point . 
  after that germany can lead a new eu with much more stringent financial and budget control and institutions with some teeth . 
  maybe a unified military as well . 
  after making a workable eu state other countries can be admitted . 
  this would likely start off with a few northern european states . 
  i think they would be very successful an willing to enact the reforms necessary to have a robust union . 
  as time goes on other members can be admitted but since they are joining the eu as is and past the period of forming the rules their choice will be a binary yes or no rather than a bureaucratic mess like it is now . 
  they will see the success of the bloc and join rather than being dominated by their eu neighbors . 
  tho would give the eu a chance to show potential members that it is a success and a trustworthy government and it will protect member states as the entry requirements would include a lot of good reforms and ceding sovereignty to a federal government . 
  and since the nation have to vote to get in it is not a case of simply changing the eu 's scope in undemocratically after the fact . 
  in sum it is so much easier to start with a small union and perfect it while adding other states a efficiency is improved and precedent made . 
  the mistakes will be less pronounced with a smaller and more economically similar base and after years of this the system should be stable and beneficial enough to attract other european members through referendum . 
  in fact it will even bring unity if an overarching national effort is put into making themselves ready to join the eu an the prestige and riches that comes with . 
  why do n't you just work and live in a crappy room here for a whole and just enjoy your trip with all the money you saved ? 
  i do n't see it as racism in europe although there is a component to it . 
  the main thing holding integration back is localism and protectionism . 
  as with all unions the members are afraid to let go of their hold on the local economy for fear of more successful foreigners taking over . 
  the beautiful thing is though , the brilliant , the savvy and the ambitious will all do fine . 
  in fact they will flourish with a myriad of new opportunities throughout europe . 
  the not so elite people will fall behind some in successful countries and slightly raise some in less successful countries . 
  the baseline quality of life will raise up however because of the massive increase in efficiency with mobility of labor and capital . 
  imagine every opportunity being exploitable by a pool of hundreds of millions of capable and willing people as opposed to only several million . 
  for some historical context look into the history of the word carpetbagger . 
  and note the success that transplanted people have had in southern us cities . 
  and also note that among the successful and business owners in new yorkthere appears to be little correlation to being a native new yorker . 
  they are there because it 's the biggest market an they are the best at what they do . 
  not because they were born in the area . 
  you will see a huge economic boon when the shops on every corner are there because they are streamlined to fit the needs of the people and make money efficiently rather than simply because `` it has been there for generations . '', 
  quaint as that may be ... 
  generalizing is fine . 
  applying generalizations to individuals is the real danger of it . 
  in this case , my generalization is accurate , educated and appropriate . 
  europeans in general are n't comfortable with their newfound patriotism . 
  i fin that most eu nationalist sentiments or artwork is tempered with a disclaimer . 
  apart from the disclaimer though , the enthusiasm and rhetoric exactly replicate more serious patriotic shows in other countries . 
  it does n't have the absurdity or moral that one would expect from actual satire . 
  i think that dressing patriotism in satire at this point is more of a dressing to tell other europeans it is ok to participate rather than a comment mocking it in today 's society . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/w1jt7/reuropecirclejerk_for_july_4th_2012_europe_finds/ ) is the number one post in this sub by far on july 4 . 
  not only did this sub have a very strong pro europe attitude towards it , they had an even stronger message to americans seemingly to tell them they should feel bad ? 
  you have no high horse to sit upon . 
  it 's a simple concept but a difficult implementation . 
  i understand completely . 
  its a big question whether a nation wants to give up its sovereignty , language , protectionism and culture for inclusion in a powerful union . 
  the fact of the matter though is that it can not have both . 
  yeah . 
  but the population is tiny . 
  if you do n't want to live in detroit or be there you do n't have to . 
  there are about 700,000 people living there currently . 
  and a vastly smaller amount in the ` dangerous ' areas . 
  people hold up detroit as one of the us 's greatest failures . 
  i put it to you that it is a shining example of us stability as the cost to revive the city was more costly to the collective good than to simply disburse detroits remaining talent capital , and influence to other areas . 
  successful people moved and opene business worked in other us cities since there is almost no barrier or resistance to us citizens moving throughout the country to work or own businesses . 
  contrast this to europe where german and french politicians openly oppose local competition from southern neighbors . 
  the sad part is that it 's a huge boon to the economy as those with the willingness and intelligence will get the chance to work and use capital . 
  the losers are the local unskilled population who are uncooperative without protection from immigration . 
  but it costs a lot of money to keep these * ahem * less competitive locals in jobs . 
  it 's a big reason why the eu is failing . 
  throw culture to the wind and do n't be afraid of seeing a `` papandreau 's yoghurt and curry emporium '' replace your local delicatessen and the eu will be in a good place . 
  but if labor and capital are truly mobile in europe it would attract companies to set up shop in lower wage areas too . 
  it would also allow the labor force to move to the most needed places quickly making it more efficient . 
  it 's really only a good thing as a whole for europe . 
  compare detroit and greece . 
  in detroit people simply moved away to work elsewhere and let it collapse . 
  in greece most people have little options but to languish until the situation can be fixed . 
  the true beauty of mobility is that it finally gives the freedom for a place to fail and the option not to bail out without destroying many lives . 
  to be fair ratings agencies are not thought about at the times they fail . 
  they may have a 1000-1 record on when we really need it and you would have no idea . 
  also if you really believe that the crisis was manufactured on purpose ( by the biggest natural allies of europe no less as opposed to other more powerful and idealistically different rivals they could have targeting ) then you are ignorant . 
  really ? 
  is this how historically short sighted people can be ? 
  but another issue is competitive disadvantage . 
  if ms is punished and banned from a practice their competition employs freely it is more of a case of regulators deciding who can be in a market rather than the rules of the market . 
  it 's not an ideal situation . 
  no , man . 
  everything is fine and the evil ratings agencies plan to sink the euro so the us can maintain its hegemonic power even as their own economy craters from this ... / s, 
  yeah god forbid they tell investors where they have risk of default . 
  sadly , the rating agencies are mostly correct and save investors a ton of money and time . 
  with a few very notable exceptions of course . 
  but the companies that do use the rating agencies are not incompetent and do make a good deal of money so draw what conclusion you like ... 
  everybody hurts in a recession . 
  miners included . 
  why they somehow feel that they , of all industries in spain should be recession proof during crisis is beyond me . 
  fair enough . 
  in my view that is small but then again depending on where you live it can be reasonable for non college age people . 
  what ? 
  that 's tiny ...
