  it has the side effect of hurting us companies but us consumers get products at artificially low prices . 
  and internally , the same forces keeping the german current too low keeps the southampton currency too low . 
  it is artificially high meaning that everything produced can not compete with outside companies . 
  that is the real reason recovery has stalled . 
  perhaps i was wrong . 
  do you not benefit from it ? 
  maybe you were more wanting potential cheats to not find out about it ? 
  either way this is hardly anything for you to get upset over . 
  would n't want to put a damper on you ripping off your countrymen would ya ? 
  it 's almost as if foreign relations are dynamic and strategic . 
  i think that any number of powers be it us china russia , india even . 
  do you really think that turkey is n't aware of this and above using alliance and cooperation to manipulate eu decisions ? 
  i think it 's inevitable there . 
  lots do n't think so until they consider another world power peddling influence there and making headway . 
  the eu is quite the jealous lover in my analysis . 
  ( see uk for confirmation ) edit 2020 is too soon though . 
  i 'd say around 2025 is more realistic . 
  i am of the opinion that no solution will work with greece or other affected countries until eu officials start seeing their problem as their own . 
  and no solution could possibly be done without all members sharing the burden . 
  right now it seems that some still believe it can be solved by forcing certain people to take austerity and tax increases while the rest of the eu dodges the bullet . 
  i am just very skeptical that a successful loose federation on that scale is possible . 
  in law a greek can move and work freely but in practice is this the case ? 
  would a greek in toulouse be as competitive when applying to a job assuming language skills are comparable ? 
  my european friends seem to be of the understanding that such a prospect is laughable . 
  honest question . 
  helping them would be letting the greeks freely move their wealth and families without personal consequence . 
  to treat the people there completely separately from the government and institutions . 
  right now the gov and institutions are being propped up so that they do n't cost the eu too much and they can keep the greek population there and continue to extract value from them through taxes an austerity that the testifies the eu are n't willing to accept for themselves . 
  had the us bailed out detroit with the expectations that whoever happened to be from there would work their lives to repay that down it would be a huge national shame . 
  if you want an example of a relatively successful handling of an overspending and broke state that did not end in disaster please refer to california . 
  that should be the model . 
  easily . 
  in most states it is as simple simply listing the address of the house you are staying at . 
  other states require a state id or drivers license with which require a utility bill addressed to you or a bank account with a registered in state bank or a few other easily attainable documents . 
  in all moving states and being allowed to vote takes less than an hour of work and $ 0 - $ 30 depending on license printing fees of the local area . 
  edit . 
  if you are working in another state you do not even have to file anything or notify the state immediately . 
  as long as your company files and pays your state tax forms there is no residency requirements at all . 
  there is actually very very little state self identity . 
  there is no sense of protecting one states jobs from another on a large scale . 
  if you want to work in film in the us you move to la or new york . 
  it 's as simple as that and there are no preferential laws or sentiments preferring native californians over any other person . 
  in general that 's the difference between a federation and a united country . 
  take detroit and greece . 
  both suffered extreme declines and hardships . 
  in the us everyone ambition or in demand skills moved to other areas to live and work and detroit simply shrunk . 
  in europe everyone throws aid and advice to them in hopes that they can stay there . 
  what a belittling dick . 
  since when did this sub differentiate states on the same level as countries ? 
  when it is statistically advantageous of course !, 
  with all the hedging and divesting in the past years i am not so sure that this is true anymore . 
  of course this is considering northern european economies continue on as sovereign entities somewhat comparable to the economic activity of present . 
  it 's one of the highest population muslim states in the world and it is quite close to europe . 
  the good will and trust in future trade alone will pay for it . 
  but that 's not even the main focus . 
  a growing economy will ensure rises in eu imports every year in perpetuity . 
  no other major block can compete due to proximity . 
  for security a stable and prosperous egypt brings successful businessmen and tourists to eu shores to spend their money on property hotels etc. 
  in bleaker economic times the tourists and elites will be replaced with budget sapping refugees . 
  egypt is an important military player . 
  they will spend billions on defense every year . 
  relationships , integration projects and deals related to aid may pave the way for defense contracts many times the size of this aid . 
  same goes for large public projects that the egyptians will have the money for but not the expertise for in the future . 
  oil exploration , power plants , ports etc etc i would argue that the aid package is too small if anything . 
  it does n't seem enough to ensure europe 's spot as egypt 's top ally . 
  from what i see from the comments here this is exactly why foreign policy decision makers generally do n't consult the ignorant masses . 
  this money will probably be among the best investments the eu has ever made . 
  it should be more to be honest but the economic reality of the times comes into play . 
  least surprising thing i 've seen on here today . 
  this year is not the year for the eu stand up to a unified us/china/indian effort . 
  you spout nationalistic praise on yourself while deriding nationalist foreigners in the same breath ? 
  congratulations you have just gained us citizenship . 
  only for a republican state , but still . 
  comments like this make me appreciate my sanity all the more . 
  i disagree completely . 
  for the time being a strong alliance with the us + commonwealth while still being somewhat in the eu loop is far more valuable than what the eu can offer . 
  it 's not a fundamental lack of intelligence or shortsightedness that keeps them away . 
  it 's a grand project but its not very beneficial for well off countries . 
  if you look at european countries , their per capita gdp is a great determinant of how integrated they are ( or want to be ) . 
  economically successful countries back way off , poorer countries scramble to get in . 
  middling countries support generally because of future growth opportunities beyond their present reach . 
  your welcome . 
  that 's where the money is . 
  there is n't a choice in the matter . 
  uk defense companies can either integrate with eu institutions and lose contracts from power rivals or remain separate and take advantage of special consideration from allies . 
  both is not a possibility . 
  there is a case either way but do n't pretend that there are n't consequences . 
  for existing contracts . 
  i was talking more about future ones . 
  its not popular but its a good move . 
  40 % of baes money comes from the us military . 
  that would be hard to maintain by a company with so many international partners . 
  the military ` special relationship ' does n't apply to greater europe . 
  i think this merger would have been an expensive disaster . 
  i 'm not blaming them . 
  they made the right call for their country easily . 
  well i was talking about the rest of the world as well . 
  sweden is a little different but even you must admit that it is another data point in a more recent time period . 
  that is pretty damn valuable . 
  the outcome will have implications on future swedish policy .
