  why is it do hard for you to reject a statement on its merits rather than the nationality of the person suggesting it ? 
  man , im gon na get so much flack for this , but i always find it ironic that our nation building and post war management of countries is often most criticized by our crowning achievement in both of these things . 
  ( germany ), 
  the banks are hardly more efficient . 
  they basically prey on regulated banking systems from bigger nations . 
  the disproportionate size of the banking industry to population allows you to do it . 
  if the entire world followed suit to swiss banking law it would be the most corrupt , unfair and disenfranchising system imaginable . 
  its good for you , but dont imagine that you are not gaming other systems at the expense of the working class . 
  oh , its a battle of wits is it ? 
  apologies , i did n't realize i was under attack . 
  well im glad to see that we dont have a monopoly on classless people at least . 
  unfortunately for you that is exactly what you need if you want a federal union . 
  its not a eccentricity of the american people , but rather a prerequisite of having a combined government and national policy over vast territory with sometimes conflicting interests . 
  i know people like to think that they are somehow smarter and even keeled than americans and above patriotism , but it is not the case . 
  the recent satire is a good example . 
  sure its presented half jokingly , but people love it not because its a good joke , but because they want to be proud of their area and want it to become more successful and powerful . 
  its human nature . 
  people just still feel funny about it because it has long been held up that their lack of patriotism is what makes them superior so it will feel funny for a while . 
  i think the benefits of a patriotic , unified european state will supersede the benefits that being proud of being unpatriotic in the long term . 
  its kind of like suddenly becoming rich . 
  while you are not , your entire identity can evolve to not being one of those bastards , but when you suddenly have the ability to , that identity tends to erode rather quickly . 
  you slowly realize that you are neither better nor worse than other rich people . 
  well was going to say congratulations , but i can act outraged and defeated if that will make you guys feel better ... 
  cities do n't have the authority to tax packages delivered within their area . 
  only brick and mortar shops can be levied with a sales tax by municipalities afaik . 
  yeah pretty stupid of the state in question to go at it unilaterally . 
  i honestly dont know why states have n't demanded online state tax payments at the federal level . 
  seems in their interests and until all agree they will all lose out as every site will relocate to whoever does n't charge . 
  no tax is awesome and all , but i can see how paying $ 100 + more for the privilege of buying local is something states want to avoid . 
  and ending state tax is not an option . 
  no , cities ca n't . 
  some states do but for the most part there is no tax on internet sales . 
  it really makes buying high priced items do much cheaper online . 
  sales tax is only if you are in the state when you buy it . 
  most internet sales have no sales tax at all and you pay exactly what is shown ... 
  no i am not . 
  again we circle back to the same issue . 
  if the government is left to both identify and solve problems without public input how do we function as a democratic society ? 
  and how do you advocate for change on an issue that they are n't addressing or in your opinion doing it wrong ? 
  if your government considered banning evolution teaching in schools you would accept this and not lobby ? 
  i hope you are starting to realize how vital lobbying is in a government . 
  you do n't have the resources , time or willpower to be versed in every issue pertinent to the state . 
  neither do your politicians . 
  lobby groups exist to advocate thing that society at large ignore . 
  the pirate bay has some of the biggest lobbying efforts in recent memory and successfully brought their issue to the forefront . 
  without commenting on right or wrong , it 's safe to say none of the parties in power at the time would even notice without that and the general population did n't care enough to make it a campaign issue . 
  now it is . 
  because they lobbied their asses off . 
  all this talking to political parties and advocating for their election is the definition of lobbying ... could you tell me what exactly is wrong with lobbying in you mind ? 
  and what do you think lobbying even is in the first place . 
  sorry for those guys , these nuts from all over the world think they will get into heaven or something if they can hit their quota of disenfranchised gays . 
  i 'm not so sure its just a us thing though . 
  their faith is not limited by borders and once someone gets it in their head its their divine calling to advocate for this there is n't much sense you can talk into them . 
  the headline though is a bit baited . 
  could just as easily be `` anti gay lobby in washington linked to eu neocons . '', 
  complete with comments by angry americans accusing brussels of funding them secretly and telling you to get out of our politics . 
  and its not like you guys do n't have a history of trying to influence us elections and legislation as well . 
  so disproportionately powerful groups in governments is a modern development is it ? 
  lobbying is how you advocate for change and is a basic part of participating in a democracy . 
  and simple majority opinions are not good enough for a lot of legislation . 
  without pressure and creating awareness , the majority ca n't form an opinion on something . 
  if you were to put a vote for adding fluoride to drinking water , or to require certain building codes , the general public ca n't really assess the benefits and drawbacks . 
  lobbyists serve a vital function for governments and that is pushing issues and raising awareness . 
  sure it has a lot of potential to be abused , but it is the definition of advocacy . 
  the shitty lobbyists get all the press , like banks , right wing religious nuts ( like these people ) , neocons etc. 
  but there is a far greater lobbying society for conservation , consumer rights , lgbt rights , anti wasteful spending , preservation of culture and arts , public safety , medical and space research and so much more . 
  calling lobbying at its core wrong , or even worse , or not needed is naive at best . 
  its like saying that courts are not needed because there are bad judges . 
  just justice is impossible under our system without courts , legislation is impossible without lobbying . 
  gb will never lose its status like a lot of people think here . 
  frankly i 'm tired of people always talking down on the brits for being so close to the us when they just want the same type of relationship but only with another entity . 
  the problem is that the us and britain basically built the modern world financial economy . 
  it is tailor made to benefit the us and britain . 
  the game is rigged for them an no matter what they will end up better than the rest of the world regardless of fundamentals . 
  it 's not a case of anyone being anyone else 's lapdog , but one where cooperation and maintaining position is beneficial to all parties . 
  the us is just as cooperative with them . 
  the eu simply ca n't offer britain anything close to that . 
  or do people really think they do n't join because brits are `` misinformed and stupid ? '' . 
  the game is going to have to completely change for any shift in the status quo and none of the world powers are in a good position to shake it up at this time . 
  missiles would be flying towards the mainland within minutes of exit polls being counted . 
  probably one of the most naive ideas i have ever read . 
  that exists already . 
  people just do n't use it . 
  it 's called cash . 
  the yearly fee is inflation and however much a safe/wallet/mattress costs . 
  also if you must use a bank , safety deposit boxes . 
  i think you are right . 
  every system has drawbacks and inefficiencies . 
  democracy communism monarchy ... 
  i think a benevolent dictator would probably be the most just and efficient government possible . 
  the knowledge altruism and wisdom it would take to be it is unfortunately impossible to have in a person . 
  and dictators can also be the worst government as well . 
  in fact democracies are good because it allows the worst of leaders to be expelled . 
  that comes at the price of limiting the best of leaders too . 
  what kind of world is it where the word short sighted is insulting and condescending ? 
  it 's a valid term when discussing far reaching political movements an policy . 
  you are being pedantic and your comment adds nothing to the discussion where everyone else on either side is putting effort into the discussion . 
  you ca n't see how at that point in time fighting the civil war was the right thing to do because of the mistakes made in the years preceding it ? 
  war does n't happen because people feel oppressed or are n't being considered by government . 
  it starts because both sides think they can win .
