  it was a bit shocking to me to be told i have an air of casualty in regards to killing people and then have it applied to 300 million plus other people . 
  twit may have been too strong a word . 
  oh look a nationalistic person in this subreddit . 
  and you failed to quote my cynical disclaimer on what is an obviously non serious reply . 
  do n't be an asshole . 
  we 're not all warmongers and you are not superior nor inferior based on your nationality . 
  the fact that you think you can identify people 's attitudes by the country they live in betrays what a twit you are . 
  argentina should be putting the brakes on here . 
  the cynic in me wants to say that there is nothing like a good foreign war to push for unity and stimulate domestic economy . 
  both of which are in dire need in the eu . 
  yeah but until there is a machine to make and serve food to you , clean your carpets effectively and drive your taxis then engineer and other professional need these people to free up their time to make these huge contributions . 
  specialization is great for society but the benefits ca n't all fall onto the top of the labor pool or it becomes too unequal and repressive . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  the reason minimum wage workers do n't contribute as much as they use is because historically the lower class is not paid the real value of their work . 
  the state subsidizes it because the jobs are needed and increases the quality of life of all of society . 
  the only alternative of the state not subsidizing menial jobs is either huge tech advances or requiring the pay reflect the actual effort and value of the job rather than the ease of getting the job as it does now . 
  really ? 
  it 's even on the crappy local news here . 
  the crisis has actually been among the best coverage of an event i have seen from american mainstream media . 
  a stronger focus on facts and actions of the players and explanations about what the consequences it could be . 
  it 's rather light on predicting the outcome or moralizing one way or the other . 
  i do n't think the american public has really figured out whether a collapsed euro is a good thing for them long term or not so i have found that most have reserved their judgement . 
  and why should n't the eu by means of the ecb inflate ? 
  the more fiscally sound nation 's citizens signed away a part of their sovereignty as well an they are not blameless as they did n't do their due diligence by joining a union with less stable economies . 
  member states have to let the eu do what 's best for its existence first and it 's prosperity second and it 's soverign members third . 
  a distant third . 
  that 's the only way you can have a strong union to compete with the us an china . 
  it 's a mentality that the people have to adopt or rey should abandon the project . 
  it will not come as easily as most people seem to think such a monumental unification project can . 
  it will take measurable sacrifices . 
  and mostly by the well off countries . 
  but the great thing is that it 's not really seen as a permanent bailout . 
  with such high nobility the poorer states are sources for talent and resources and cheap retirement where the big centers conduct most of the economic activity . 
  most poor states have a big brains rain problem but it is at least alleviated because they are in a strong union with the states that attract their best and brightest . 
  i do n't understand why italy and spain do n't speak up more on this issue . 
  germany will hurt but be alright if they bail themselves out on a greek exit and default . 
  the southern european countries will be harmed much more . 
  exporting to greece will obviously become pointless . 
  not only that , greece will eat their lunch in manufacturing and agriculture due to its new low cost of labor . 
  germany is somewhat protected because high tech and precision manufacturing , but more simple things to make stand no chance vs greece . 
  of course this could be solved by tariffs or import controls , but is that politically tenable to proverbially kick their former eu brothers while they are down and start getting protectionist on the exports they depend on for recovery ? 
  edit ; never mind . 
  i misinterpreted what swiss policies you were referring to . 
  to be fair the world does n't have much experience to build on with bloodless unification projects . 
  agreed . 
  it 's a very dangerous game to enact policies without an explicit public mandate . 
  of course if it goes well the repercussions are minor , but god help you if it fails . 
  the backlash is nearly always harsh and violent should you affect the populations livelihoods in a negative way without consent . 
  haha no . 
  the only thing you can be 100 % sure with in a self reported penis size survey is that they are lying . 
  well all pretty much all european and african descended people are born with double eyelids . 
  many asians have single eyelids ( eyelids just over their eyelashes are smooth instead of folding over once like european eyes . ), 
  the surgery is a simple incision to turn asian single eyelids into a double . 
  it 's indistinguishable from real double eyelids and make the eye look bigger and in many peoples opinion more attractive and less rural . 
  you can google it i 'm sure if you need a visual . 
  it 's like a 5 minute procedure and hardly invasive . 
  closer to a mole biopsy than a facelift in terms of severity . 
  i think the reason south korea is so high is because of their obsession with double eyelid surgeries . 
  they love the other ones too , but i think that at least half of their number must be that . 
  almost everyone gets that done over there . 
  as someone not knowledgeable about the french election was hoping for some european insights . 
  mainly , if hollande does win can this be seen as a french rejection of merkel 's ( and germany in general 's ) involvement in neighboring countries ' elections ? 
  and in general does this mark a trend of resisting germany 's leadership in the eu ? 
  the eu would never be helpful to them on the falklands issue . 
  aside from argentina 's claims being spurious , the eu is likely to never be active on that continent again until they are ready to challenge the monroe doctrine . 
  the eu is likely decades away from being able to do that . 
  how else do you pay for a lease ? 
  money , ships , cotton candy . . has to be paid for somehow . 
  it 's not zero sum but the fact you must face is there is scarcity on this planet . 
  we do n't have the resources for everyone to live like a first worlder . 
  we would necessarily have to reduce quality of life for us/europe to booste it in asia and africa in the short term . 
  unfortunately education is not free you need teachers to work and years of training for them . 
  to travel we need pilots an engineers for the planes even if production would be automated . 
  and even in your scenario you would still need soldiers to stand ready against states like both korea who would not join with your lofty goals and take advantage of a society that does n't allocate labor to defense . 
  in your world beach property would still exist . 
  who gets to live there ? 
  or would it be mandated that no one can own something if everyone ca n't . 
  i 'm not talking about gold trinkets . 
  i 'm talking about life improving luxuries that are not affordable to all but are a quality of life thing . 
  healthy organic food , international travel , elite education , a large apartment on the coast . 
  we ca n't all have these things but they are more important to some than your strawman , gold trinket seeking people argument . 
  more resources means higher quality of life . 
  can a society that you describe accept a lower quality of life among those who work to raise their own ? 
  that is a very sad way to think about life and work i think . 
  what of dreams ? 
  what of a man who wants something rare and complicated and expensive to make . 
  if he is willing to work hard in his life for that end , society would deny this to them ? 
  and if some are allowed to toil to make these luxury goods and revive more in return what is keeping the unworking public 's envy at bay ? 
  and will they feel entitled to the same luxuries that a working man or woman receives ? 
  hehe guess we ca n't win then . 
  idiots if we 're white black or american , annoying if we claim any specific foreign heritage . 
  at least we make good bread here or we 'd be completely useless =\\ and yes i am aware that our bread is inferior, 
  does n't it get on peoples nerves when americans self identify as part german/french/dutch / whatever anyways ? 
  small price to pay to not share their wealth with the rest of the eu citizens . 
  rich countries will never join fully until they have milked everything they can from their comparative advantage . 
  expect norway to join precisely the same time their wells go dry . 
  and switzerland to join once the eu gets enough power to stop letting them take advantage of it 's taxpayers . 
  his point was n't that it would be illegal under the wto or that companies would n't still strive to be efficient and satisfy demand . 
  it 's that it causes higher prices and lowers the purchasing power of europeans . 
  every business will be as efficient as possible , just businesses in more regulated environments will have to produce things through less optimal means .
