  though not the stupidest thing in the list . 
  wow you seriously compared a pre-industrial classical empire with a modern 21st century superpower . 
  ugh , unruly barbarians claiming to be the descendents of the romans . 
  nearly 200 years for greeks actually . 
  you know what they say third century 's the charm . 
   malta  former ottoman region [ mfw ] ( http://www.loonwatch.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/06/crusader.jpg ), 
  oh greeks , our brothers in stupidity . 
  cultural exchange between anatolians and greeks happaned waaay before that . 
  population exchange is unique in some ways but it certainly did n't start the relationship . 
  whole ottoman rule without exchange would be weird anyway . 
  if not anything just look at the clothes , music and cuisine . 
  greek influences on these can be seen from the highest order of the empire to the rabble in western anatolia . 
  and from my experience we do n't either but we are . 
  especially more unrelated people who travalled both countries says this . 
  not very shocking considering our history . 
  [ sorryihategerman = nazithingasmuchasanyoneelsebutcould n'tholdmyself ] ( http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/nazi_157606_286160.jpg ), 
   exchange when kemal wanted to get rid of them . 
  population exchange did n't happen because just atat\u00fcrk wanted it . 
  he could n't have done it all by himself even if he wanted it anyway . 
  it was a voluntary decision by both parties with international support . 
  it was shown as a example a ideal way to solve ethnic problems . 
  considering the grievances those poor people suffered through it is hard to believe that but it maybe it was for the better who knows . 
  what nonsense . 
  anyone can see most of turkey more simillar to you than to the arabs with the important exclusion of the south eastern anatolia . 
  iranian influence would be more correct . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhff7niwohq ), 
  is n't dudamel bit young for new year 's concert ? 
   you can stand and wait for the bus for 30 minutes at 4pm on a monday , only to find that it is so full you cant get on . 
  in the second rome you can wait for an hour and still might not get into it . 
  be happy with what you have i suppose . 
  is it me or that portrait looks different than the [ original picture ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a1/atat%c3%bcrk.jpg ) ? 
  i can feel the ban on these posts coming . 
   well , you let karadjordje revolt with serbs to deal with issue you were supposed to deal with in the first place , then you come to supress the revolt and furthermore angry the serbs . 
  quite an intelligent and smart move . 
  he was trying to deal with it but he failed and got killed . 
  as for kara yorgi 's ambitious move what do you expect ? 
  showing mercy to open rebellions that collaborates with the enemy is not very ottoman . 
  we should beware of her edicts . 
  when kara yorgi `` liberated '' the sanjak he was seen as a useful tool against the janissaries by the government which were having big problems with them . 
  just before the war with russia kara yorgi changed his mind about playing inside the playground and decided to rely on russia . 
  which was , as we can see , a mistake . 
   it does n't matter , you were later beaten anyway . 
  well everyone dies at some point . 
  important thing is you gained autonomy few years later . 
   the only ones who could have christian wives where the pashas etc this is complete and utter bullshit . 
  who said you this ? 
   if they had a kid , it would be raised as a muslim and as a turk . 
  that is correct and i like how you are trying to change what you said . 
  seriously , you have problems . 
   the only ones who could have christian wives where the pashas etc this is complete and utter bullshit . 
  who said you this ? 
   if they had a kid , it would be raised as a muslim and as a turk . 
  that is correct and i like how you are trying to change what you said . 
  seriously , you have problems . 
  why would i listen to you about this anyway ? 
  you are too busy for history books !, 
   intermarriages between christians and muslims were prohibited in the ottoman empire you said this . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6dsnil/ydna_haplogroups_2017/di567kp/  intermarriages between christians and muslims were prohibited in the ottoman empire you have problems . 
   i havent read his books so far , but to be honest what i dont like about him is that at most of what i have read about him , he states his opinion , based on facts obviously . 
  what helene ahrweiler does is to state the facts and leave the opinion to you , or she might tell her opinion when she is specificaly asked about it . 
  why are you judging him without reading him ? 
  i have higher priorites atm . 
  thats very apparent . 
  you said muslims are forbidden to marry christians . 
  i ca n't take you seriously . 
   are you really blaming the venetians for the fall of constantinople ? 
  it 's not like the sack of constantinople happened centuries before the ottomans took it , right ? 
  why would he blame them ? 
  what happened happened . 
  we are quite happy about we having the city . 
   change history said the guy who said it was forbidden for muslims to marry christians . 
   unfortunately most of her books are written in french and i can not read them , but i can read her interviews , i guess u cant too if u use google translator . 
  you really should read her books then . 
  a interview is not a source . 
   no , the romans never faught the achaemenids , but guess who did ... anyway . 
  well if you argue for that kind of consciousness in the 10th century roman you really should read kaldellis 's books . 
   so all i am tryign to say eventually is that constantinople is not less greek than istanbul or konstantiniyye or whatever . 
  constantine ( latin ) + polis ( greek ) = constantinople whilst \u0130stanbul is a bastardization of a greek phrase . 
  thats why i said \u0130stanbul is more greek than constantinople . 
  source ? 
  and why would they call the tribes achaemenids instead of the empire ? 
  or why would they call it achaemenids , a empire romans never fought ? 
  this smells like bullshit . 
  barbarians ? 
  where did you get the idea i was `` triggered '' by you saying `` constantinople '' ? 
  hell , it is less greek than \u0130stanbul . 
   as i said , there were two sides , one to ally with the west , and the other sneaky side to ally with the turks . 
  the first patriarch after the conquest of the city anathematized palaiologos only for trying to use the submission of the eastern church as a trade deal , which of course was nothing for the hands of the westerns and thats why it never happened . 
  so there you go , palaiologos dying at the siege and the patriarch to come was appointed the leader of the christian milliet of the empire . 
  in my eyes , its obvious who the traitor is . 
  still , not all the greeks wanted that . 
  but its irrelevant . 
  the byzantine years were finished after one milenia . 
  i answered this did i not ? 
  population did not want the latins . 
  neither did konstantinos probably but he had seek help like alexios did . 
   he knew what he was doing thats for sure but i do not see what your point is . 
  constantinople recovered . 
  well , da ... :p read the chain agin then ? 
  where here ?
