   you are contradicting yourself with your own idiotic statements . 
  not really . 
  since i do n't think that western and eastern are monolithic entities that you can spread like some weird disease i ca n't see how i am contradicting myself greek . 
   wow you either trolling or are just a complete moron . 
  tsk tsk tsk . 
   are you really that stupid that you are unable to understand basic geography.when we say greece is in the east , we mean that geographically it is in the east compared to countries like the uk for example , but as a whole greece is within the west ( american/europe ) . 
  yeah no . 
  when people say west you are not included in it . 
  certainly not in turkey . 
   of course we have more in common with france than egypt lol . 
  nonsense . 
  did you not learn anything in that thread ? 
  for most of your history compared to antioch and alexandria france was nothing . 
  they were just `` frankish barbarians '' . 
  you really should read something from that period . 
   yeah egypt was always somewhat important for greece , but so is libya for italy and algeria for spain no no no . 
  those are very different . 
  did you ever heard of `` alexander the great '' ? 
   mediterranean to develop relationships with the countries on the other side of the sea yes !, 
   does that make all the european mediterranean countries not `` western '' . 
  certainly not . 
  it does make you though because you are in the eastern mediterranean and your relationship with the eastern mediterranean was much more `` intense '' throught your history . 
   in the middle ages the term `` eastern '' and `` western '' , was used to describe the byzantine empire and the holy roman empire ( latins ) , it had nothing to do with the middle east and `` east '' as a whole.it was all within the confines of europe . 
  this is certainly not true . 
  you are using `` europe '' and `` west '' anachronistically in here . 
  there was some kind of `` east '' they imagined though . 
  you really should read some stuff from the first crusade ( which is much later than your original question but still ) to see how they all view each other . 
  if you try to make `` social science '' with this it is a problem and if you try to make `` biotruth '' with your `` social science '' thats a problem too . 
  they can help each other out though . 
   are you stupid?lol i never complained about being considered eastern mediterranean , i complain about being grouped with lebanon and egypt , two eastern countries in another continent egypt . 
  ( edit : historically ) one of the most important centers of greek population and you think you have more in common with france than you have with egypt really ? 
  and you did complain about `` byzantines '' being `` eastern '' . 
  never realized westerners described the `` orient '' with them at first ? 
  unfortunetly those stateless westerners had a habit of calling proper state authority `` oriental tyrants '' back in the day . 
   secondly we are western lol , last time i checked all of europe was considered western . 
  you are definetly not `` western '' . 
  when we say western it generally means france , germany , uk etc. 
  not greece . 
  you are definetly mediterranean though . 
  from your work ethic to your cuisine to your family relations . 
   you seems to luck the brain cells to be able to understand the difference between west/east ( european/middle-eastern counties ) and southwestern and southeastern europe . 
  what ? 
   second of all you seem to be the one obsessed here , do you really have nothing better to do than dig into other peoples business . 
  well first of all your comment history is open for all to see do n't act like i violated you and secondly i blame sleeplessness . 
  and looking at your comment history again it still seems like you have a obsession . 
   what , of course greece is eastern mediterranean lol , did i say otherwise ? 
  well all of your comments were about you being different from eastern mediterranean and you being western . 
  it was quite pathetic really . 
   and as far as two headed eagles go , it was just a question and everyone in your sub was very polite about it , double headed eagles were used everywhere from the holy roman empire to byzantium etc , do n't understand why you have to be such a huge ass about it . 
  yeah but you were not polite . 
  your comments had some kind of `` how dare you in it '' . 
  same with the russian one . 
  did you really think you own to copyrights of a ancient symbol ? 
  i just checked your history to see if you were one of those greeks obsessed with turkey which you were ( and apparently with two headed eagles ) . 
  i then stumbled upon that thread . 
  it was fun to read you saying `` we are not eastern mediterranean !, 
  well fuck you too !, 
  and reading [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/63evpw/easternwestern_roman_empire/ ) thread was weirdly fun . 
  i really should sleep . 
   when it comes to greece , i 've never read that intermarriages were easy going as you say . 
  you said they were forbidden dummy . 
  they were not and no it was never `` easy '' . 
  as i said social repercussions for a jewish woman to marry a muslim man was far too high than anything state provide save death . 
   it 's just that the manner of his death strikes me as a weird detail . 
  you 'd expect people like that to die by violence , like some sort of hollywood movie . 
  old age is a bitch : / after the victory they hided the fact he was dead . 
  so they put him on his chair and had him wave towards the victorious army . 
  certainly not holywoodish . 
  * caughs *, 
  instead of accepting you were wrong you are turning the discussion into something else . 
  at least do n't misinform people and edit your original post . 
   this was rare since the only ones who could actually have christian wives were the pashas and generally individuals with a high social levels . 
  their offsprings would be raised as muslim and turks . 
  what ? 
  it is allowed ( and sometimes encouraged ) for all muslim men to marry non-muslim women . 
  where did you get the idea only pashas are allowed ? 
  well , considering soviets politely requested half of the country once i would say it is quite a win for us too . 
   intermarriages between christians and muslims were prohibited in the ottoman empire this is not correct . 
  a female muslim ca n't marry with a non-muslim apart from that they can intermarry . 
  there are instances where state discourages it on behalf of non-muslim religious leaders but otherwise no . 
  though the price they pay is higher than what state can grant apart from death . 
  especially when a jewish woman marries a muslim . 
  and your logic does n't include converts . 
  structure ( the state ) is quite stable actually . 
  they just kill their brothers which works as normal executions but when you live as long as s\u00fcleyman real struggle between brothers do happen as you can see with bayezid and selim . 
  it is a really nice expression . 
  sad thing that nazis made it tainted and casually unusable like you just did . 
  of course they did but this was n't what you are arguing about in your original post . 
  oh well , whatever maybe i am just being stupid . 
  they are but you implied they are more muhacirs than the anatolians . 
  greece italians are being naughty again !, 
  why would he wish that ? 
  muhacirs ( why do n't we use the proper plural again ? ), 
  constitutes a large part of turkey but they are not the majority . 
   greece was given control over izmir/smyrna but the ottoman empire refused to comply and used irregulars to attack the greek positions forcing them ( or giving them the excuse ) to attack inwards going all the way to almost ankara . 
  of course greece wanted to take more land but on the other hand , the ottoman empire wanted to get out of a war it lost ( and was an aggressor in ) without any losses . . 
  if you think that losing the bosphorus or smyrna is unfair maybe you should n't have gone to war in the first place = / what ? 
  do they teach you about this like this these days ? 
  really ? 
  ca n't you see the glaring error in your first sentence ?
