  no , no , no , no . 
  by all means no . 
  neither pauline 's nor ebionties or gnostics started in europe . 
  it started in the roman world ( and generally among converted jews ) but not in your anachronistic imaginary europe . 
  let 's be clear i am annoyed by people who bring this up in unrelated threads . 
   turkey is not part of europe . 
  will you cry now ? 
  yes :( . 
  just wondering do you consider ( do n't get too much air though it is just me who asks about your opinion . 
  your opinion mean shit ) russians as a part of europe ? 
  no i was just annoyed because of your bitching and now i am amused a bit , did n't expect you to follow this up that much . 
  truth to be told i am thinking about starting a argument over turkey 's place in europe just to rile you up but i probably would get annoyed by your ignorance so ... : /, 
  look you are still bitching about it !, 
  did i said anything about if turkish should be blue or not ? 
  did anyone say anything before in this thread ? 
  but here you are still babbling about this . 
  go on there are few turkey threads on the frontpage right now go bitch on them . 
   indo european by that logic iranians are european too . 
  they would probably * love * the idea of they are brothers with greeks . 
   created the mental image of a great society for europeans eh , most of it comes from way later on the road but sure i 'll bite . 
  romans had that effect on various states around the mediterranean and europe . 
  they even had that effect for bloody germans . 
   created the first major sects of christianity ah , yes christianity a european creation which did n't exist anywhere before europeans spread it . 
   they never used the word , but they had a shared origin with other europeans whether they realised it or not . 
  what the fuck does that even mean . 
  you are a european because i said so tiberius !, 
   further , the greeks created europe with their culture and thought , even if there was n't a europe before them , there was one after them due to their influence alone . 
  hahaha slow down voltaire . 
  greeks had no fault in the mess in the britain . 
  this map is clearly not about that . 
  if it was about what is considered a european country or just about who controlled turkey it would have been related but instead it is about european imperialism and the main discussion is about that . 
  apart from the annoying shits like you bitching about including russia or not including turkey . 
  how about instead of a general culture themed day a sticked post about a musical piece or architecture chosen by the mods ? 
  it does n't need to be something that needs prior knowledge like some lesser known bach motets , fairly well known things like a song by beatles or leaning tower of pisa would be very nice too . 
  let 's call it a seatrait !, 
   i know culturally turkey has been an enemy of europe for hundreds of years peh , do n't flatter yourself . 
  we were a player in the european politics just like russia . 
  that guy apparently thinks his christianity ( which developed separately from the western european christianity and church ) makes him simillar to them instead of looking at language and culture . 
  a feeling that would not be mutual in person for most of western europe . 
  is n't strait that geographical formation as a whole ? 
  i somehow feel like strait water should have its own name . 
  * sea . 
  or not . 
  i do n't know what that water is called but it is nice < 3, 
  i think i wrote what i am annoyed about it is up there . 
  this part : `` one of those annoying people in turkey posts is still bitching about turkey in a unrelated post ! '', 
  i always see asia used as a geographic term in romans and i must say i never seen a roman refering to carthagians and egyptians as african like they share a identity and i would be very interested to see if there is one . 
   actually no the argument is : greece was the proto-proto european culture and rome was the proto european culture and then modern western and eastern european cultures were created after the fall of the western roman empire . 
  i am pretty sure he did not say this which is problematic in itself but to be fair to him he did not say those . 
   f muslims had n't conquered north africa and it remained connected to europe proper then it would also have been considered part of the european civilization . 
  thats so ridiculous . 
  north africa was connected to the `` europe proper '' as much as all roman provinces at the were connected to the `` europe proper '' . 
  does that makes bloody egypt `` failed '' to be european ? 
  were heraclius european even though he was a cappadocian greek grow up in carthage ? 
  my god thats so stupid . 
   and while it is true that romans ruled all the mediterranean the connection to the romans was severed by the muslims in the 7th century this just boils my blood . 
  what difference early egypt administration under the muslims had from the romans ? 
  did n't they use the same people for the same positions ? 
  is n't that why we have the first pre-islam\u0131c documents from that era ? 
  what did seljuks specifically changed in the roman land administration when they first conquered parts of anatolia ? 
  was n't it the romans with the persians who set the basis for the arab rule in the levant ? 
  even in their culture , in music and in architecture was n't romans arabs great teacher ? 
  you are so full of shit . 
  herodotus wrote his book in a very different time not particularly useful to a roman discussion . 
  and no it did not exist in this way . 
  romans never refered themselves as europeans and they certainly did n't look at celts and germans as same as them ( you can look at tacitus for this ) . 
  their streorypes for them clearly shows this . 
  maybe more importantly it shows how their perception of germans and celts has more animalistic elements ( like strong , undisciplined ) whilst their streotypes for the mediterranean peoples have more human elements ( money loving for carthagians , effemenite for greeks etc. ), 
  his father was very competent , he was competent , his brother was competent , his son was not competent , his other son was a mixed bag , though he was loved by the people of istanbul . 
  yeap said by loukas notaras a high ranking bureaucrat . 
  he was executed though so i do n't know if turkish sword is preferable to the latin mitre . 
  your arguement stands on `` romans deeply influenced modern europeans ergo they are europeans . '', 
  but this does n't make sense because romans influenced everyone they ruled and of course influenced by them . 
  you can see the influence of roman architecture , music , law and administration everywhere in the mediterranean . 
  wow thats a man . 
  oh my god . 
  what are we talking about eh ? 
  we are talking about modern definitions hence why it is stupid to call them european or african . 
  you understand right ? 
  of course carthage was in africa but we do n't call it a african empire . 
  another reason for that of course carthage being in mediterranean . 
  greeks used europe but never used european as a word for their identity . 
  i said european and as you can see in your quote heredotus refers themselves as hellenes . 
   expedition into asia before the barbarians made any into europe . 
  it is clear this is a geographic usage not a cultural one . 
  barbarian in there is a word that greeks use for non-greek speakers . 
  greeks refered to thracians ( or macedonians or celts ) in the same way . 
  what european . 
  greeks never used such a word . 
  greeks perception between the greek and the barbar ( do n't confuse this with the roman usage ) persian was not a europe-asia one . 
  thought of homer talking about thracians as brotherly europeans and egyptians as the `` orient '' is quite funny . 
  wait wait wait . 
  carthage was a colony but it became the carthage we know in modern tunisia and it does n't change much because calling phoenicans or carthagians asian would be nonsense too . 
   a nation with a culture and power structure entirely formed in europe has every right to be defined as european . 
  of course not . 
  macedonians just like greeks were influenced by persians . 
  before that there was a cultural exhange between non-greek anatolian civilizations and of course through all this time between egypt . 
  alexander himself annoyed his soldiers by accepting persian culture so througly . 
  this is the old world i am talking about . 
  a world that homer travalled through , a world where hippocrates educated in a egyptian temple , a world where satraps appointed by persians made some of their peoples most famous works , a world which alexander conquered and claimed himself to be their continuation and master .
