  idea of a europe and europeans as we understand it now simply did n't exist back than . 
  it is meaningless like calling carthage a african empire . 
  alexander is even more problematic of course . 
  alexander 's world included egypt , asia minor , greece , mesopotamia and persia . 
  it was a older , more different world which in a way ended after alexander with the emerging power of the other mediterranean states and alexander 's successors . 
  there were no `` european '' back than as we understand it now . 
  if we are going say rome is a x empire that would be a mediterranean empire . 
  it gained strength through conquering other mediterranean states , it was a continuation of other mediterranean states and her richness and power lied in the mediterranean . 
  how come it does n't make sense poltically ? 
  russia was in the european politics since it gained relevance . 
  hey look , one of those annoying people in turkey posts is still bitching about turkey in a unrelated post !, 
  nonesense alexander and romans were not europeans as it has been used here . 
  though iran should be partial europeans control considering the invasion . 
   i 'm talking about their administration so `` shit at everything '' was an exaggeration . 
  second part stands then . 
  you ca n't be shit at administration ( a state with centralized bureaucratic education with a high state expenditure is shit at administration eh ? ), 
  and hold your territories for that long in the same time you ca n't have a standing army without a at least decent administration and tax harvesting . 
  you ca n't conquer half of mediterranean and hold it for centuries by being shit at everything little one . 
   and they 're a big reason the balkans are like this today , every historian will agree with that of course ottomans shaped your history . 
  this does n't mean every historian will have the same judgment on that said shaping with you . 
  i am sorry but i really ca n't comprehend your rambling . 
  when did i argue italians are superior exactly ? 
  why does n't roman influences on the thing i counted does n't pass as a cultural bond ? 
  what do you mean by the second paragraph ? 
  why do you think italy was unorganized during current republic ? 
  does that mean your 200 years was a mess too ? 
  what kind of bubble do you leave in to not see people who are taking pride on what you once had ? 
  nationalism exist in germany too even though it was mostly eradicated . 
  so many questions . 
   i was talking about the rome soldiers who moved out to the far edges of the empire to help secure it 's borders but ended up assimilating into the germanic groups , what . 
  when did that happaned exactly o_o  along with the germanic mercenaries who were hired by rome at the ass end of the western empire . 
  first you said `` when empire got too large '' now you are saying western empire . 
  during the 5th century rome was significantly smaller than the 2nd century rome . 
  second problem is you are calling tribes who were settled in rome and given roman titles mercaneries like odoacer or alaric . 
  those were the people who made the large part of the foreign troops during the later empire not mercenaries . 
   you are so all over the place i do n't even know what you are trying to talk about anymore . 
  i think it is not my fault because you are jumping in time constantly . 
  oh you are not talking about the later empire . 
  so lets assume you call too large the empire under trajan . 
  at that point auxiliaries in the roman empire came from inside empire or from the neighboring tribes . 
  after their service they become a roman citizen and settled in rome . 
  then there were numerus ( like trajan 's camel riders ) who worked as mercenaries but sometimes settled within the empire ( trajan 's camel archers ended in dacia if i remember correctly ) or recruited from the same place generation after generation and by no means empire was dependent on them . 
  look at trajan 's wars or even in the marcomannic wars they were not dependent on them . 
  as for expanding into germania that mostly ended with augustus . 
  after that they mostly just secured borders or made neighboring dux their subject . 
  only after marcus aurelius there was a possiblity of fullscale conquer . 
  as for slavic lands there were no attempts to conquer them . 
  had they conquered and completly secured dacia maybe who knows . 
  not asking , paying and taking into service . 
  then generally settling them . 
  whilst conscripting the shit out of their own population ( look at theodosius 's laws ) . 
  china did fall apart as you can see in that gif . 
  are we going to call all the time between eastern han and short lived sui a interregnum ? 
  on the other part of the old world rome continue to exist and still was a strong mediterranean power . 
  wow this is a awfully disturbed chain of disturbed thoughts . 
   a big empire doesnt mean you are a good person how you treat the weakest measures your success i do n't he is claiming he is a good nation . 
   look if every nation would mourn about the empires they lost we would have war again every `` lost empire '' obviousy has a place at that nations history and already imbedded in their identity . 
   also that is so long ago that nothing ( culturally speaking ) of it remains . 
  ruins and stuff yes but you are not behaving like a roman and neither does egypt names , script , languages , architecture , literature , music ( mostly through church ) , cities , temples , state philosophy etc. 
  this is true for the western part as well as for the eastern part . 
  though it is less in the east . 
   if we look at the last 200 years italy was a big mess in that entire period in the last 200 years italy ceased to be a big `` mess '' actually . 
   also germany lost a lot of territory because it lost the wars yeeees ? 
   every country was bigger at one time and every country was smaller at one time . 
  baseless nationalism in turkey and balkans is not a new thing . 
  where have you been ? 
  lets start with two obvious mistakes : last emperor to rule all of the empire by himself was theodosius who died in 395 and eastern part of the empire too faced `` countless barbarian invasions '' and a more dangerous enemy . 
  now the real problem is you act like empire , the state , ceased to exist after theodosius which is nonesense . 
  empire was ruled by more than one emperors many times and it was still a one state with one `` culture '' and understanding of governments . 
  if we are going to count everytime rome was ruled by more than one person as cessation there would n't be a roman empire or republic . 
  next problem is rome ended with the romulus augustus bullshit . 
  did zeno become non-roman when odoacer who saw himself in the roman world and acted like he was in the roman world ( and he was indeed in the roman world ) send envoys for his approval ? 
  or forty years later justinian who nearly reunited the mediterranean was not a roman emperor ? 
  or was n't it the roman empire heraclius saved and ruled through one of her most dire times ? 
  nonesense of the 18th century nothing more nothing less . 
  praise be to list \\ o /, 
  then you do n't know much about it because you ca n't find much about `` disloyal barbarians '' or auxiliaries betraying rome in the 5th century . 
  as long as you do n't include power grabs of course but thats roman as you could get . 
  if we can say various dynasties ( with different borders and power centers ) of china in different times were one polity we can say mediterranean was a polity of empires that started before rome , continued after and rome was the greatest of them . 
  it is all about how you define china really . 
  tolerant civilization of the renaissance hahahaha, 
  oh , i misunderstood then sorry . 
  i have a poem for you : `` dont project your modern problems , to a classical empire , you dummkopf . '', 
  oh , i am sure if those y\u00f6r\u00fcks were atheists they would leave their traditional lifestyle and become `` enlightened shepherds '' for your way of life . 
  imperial dynasty ended with nesli\u015fah . 
  he was born in exile . 
  i am not upset i was just pulling his leg . 
  italia , egypt and anatolia for the most of the empire . 
  i do n't know about butthurt but this baseless nationalism seriously annoys me . 
  this map is bullshit . 
  which article this is from ? 
  clearly the 18th century , century of r/atheism . 
  you deny the roman state after the 3rd century ? 
  you want more blinding huh ? 
  why would romans conquer your empty forests and shit farms exactly ? 
  what modern day gdp ? 
  you ca n't just go and add all different modern countries gdp together and call it the roman gdp . 
  ah , mr. gibbon we were expecting you . 
  now be a doll and read two centuries of scholarship about this subject , thanks . 
  that 's a myth .
