  conservative kurds is one of his largest bases . 
  in the referandum he lost mhp votes but gained kurdish votes which changed the tide . 
  though some places in the east did n't have a supervisor from hdp or chp . 
   it was recognized by everyone else , and signed by the ottomans . 
  signing and ratifying are different . 
  it had to pass through the ottoman parliment to take effect but then war broke out . 
  and i believe we were n't the only one who did n't ratify it . 
  sevres was never ratified by the ottoman parliament and ankara government never recognized sevres . 
   did it have some effect ? 
  probably . 
  have you put anything forward at all that would prove its `` crucial '' role or that collective guilt began to appear in 1945 already ? 
  no , you did not . 
  i did quote parts from a book that mentions allies role . 
  jarausch 's ( part 1 chapter 1 2 especially ) , taylor 's and ollick 's book ( about education ) has much more about this but i ca n't quote the whole book now can i ? 
   and then you cite an example of germans being forced to visit a concentration camp . 
  now i must really wonder whether you even read my comments as i explicitly referred to these measures myself , while still holding that these instances can not be construed as indicative of a widespread sentiment of personal responsibility at the time . 
  you tried to paint forced visits as unimportant whilst jarausch puts emphasis on that and continues to talk about those forced visits . 
  this is why i included a large part of that page even though i do n't think it is very legal . 
  instead of thanking me you are spitting at my face !, 
   truth be told , when you revealed that you saw my attempt to explain what is most likely the truth ( that most germans did not feel guilty , at least at first ) as `` giving ourselves too much credit '' , you really disqualified yourself . 
  oh how sad . 
  i should have painted it like the heroic german struggle to overcome their `` germanness '' . 
  allies shoved your shame through your throat and you try to take * pride * in that . 
  take pride in recovery of germany after its destruction if you wan na be proud about something . 
  i want compensation !, 
   well i did n't say that . 
  but it is widely acknowledged by now that we only really began to deal with the holocaust as somehing `` we '' instead of `` they '' did a few decades later . 
  you certainly did start blaming higher ups a bit later but allied policy was crucial in you feeling collective guilt . 
   and second , i do n't know how to tell you but it would have been far better if germans had indeed done a complete turnaround in 1945 . 
  that would be something to take pride in . 
  saying that because we did n't i give us too much credit is utter madness . 
  i 'd love the opposite to be true . 
  you did a complete `` turnaround '' certainly . 
  how was the polls about jews again ? 
   and third , what exactly are you basing your statements on ? 
  just a few pictures and your interpretations thereof ? 
   the word ` revenge ' might not be uttered openly , but german collective guilt and an allied policy of , in effect , collective punishment were soon unspoken assumptions , guiding the actions of the victors in the time shortly before and after the surrender . 
  - exorcising hitler , fredrick taylor . 
   the german population regarded this spectacle of war-crime trials , which were held in the city of the former nazi party rallies , with mixed feelings . 
   `` nevertheless , the horrific courtroom images of many individuals and organizations that were reported in newspapers , newsreels , and educational films ( `` death mills '' ) did not fall entirely short of their intended effect . 
   to disprove the popular claim of `` we knew nothing , '' the u.s. military forced 1,200 citizens of weimar `` to see for themselves the horror , brutality and human indecency that they perpetrated against their ` neighbors ' in the notorious buchenwald concentration camp . '' according to new york times reporter gene currivan , the tour of this `` death factory '' began first with a look at pieces of human skin that had been processed into tattooed `` parchment '' for use as a lampshade . 
   even if many patriotic germans initially did not want believe the reports and images , one thoughtful observer knew that it would be impossible for them to deny the crimes for long : `` we were , however , appalled by the ghastly reports on the conditions of the liberated concentration camps which reached us . '', 
  - after hitler , konrad jarausch . 
   of course the real reason why the allies imposed the idea of collective guilt was that it was a useful way of depriving the germans of rights and national sovereignty . 
  once their guilt was assumed , they could be punished . 
  they were to be at the mercy of the allies until their conquerors had decided what to do with them , and in the meantime they could not protest about their treatment . 
  - after the reich , giles macdonogh i must add jeffrey ollick and perry biddiscombe has a different in general but about the alliy intervention simillar look to this . 
  you wasted my time with this german . 
  i demand compensation . 
  there is a another german that defends the `` wehrmacht myth '' and he wants to waste my time too . 
  what is wrong with you germans ? 
   it did not even begin to cause a majority of ordinary germans to feel ashamed or guilty and it also was not necessarily intended to ( apart from the few forced visits of concentration camps for example ) . 
  if you are saying all those posters , pwd 's actions and forced visits did n't create shame i do n't know what to tell you . 
  you are giving yourself too much credit . 
  but they did during denazification . 
  you never saw those old posters , photos etc. 
   yeah i believe trabzon or giresun had much to do with the war of course it had to do with the war ? 
  you tried to declare a country in there remember ? 
   smyrna and that you should have killed every greek person there war had more than one front . 
   also for chrysostomos i am sure that the way they murdered him ( cutting all his body parts and blinding him ) is the right way . 
  of course it is n't . 
  they should have hanged him but sometimes mob takes justice in their own hands . 
  not hanging him was the fault of nurettin pasha . 
  same shit with ali kemal . 
   you know what the basic difference between you and other europeans ? 
  because europeans are a monolithic thing ? 
   germans feel ashamed for what their grandparents did in the war . 
  first of all germans feel ashamed because allies masterfully made them so . 
  how do you think a country full of nazis became so ashamed ? 
  secondly comparing our war to that is quite stupid . 
  do n't do that . 
   the turks feel proud . 
  sorry for not being ashamed about getting back our country . 
  not all of it mind you . 
   that 's why i believe turks will never be in europe . 
  different mentality . 
  more middle eastern . 
  well if germans are the epitome of the europeans i am quite happy with being middle eastern . 
  it is quite weird that the country of poets , scientists and musicians was actually * that * . 
   thus , killings , massacres and deportations continued under the pretext of the national movement of mustafa kemal `` under the pretext '' . 
  i mean seriously ? 
  you think we fought the war just for killing greeks instead of you know ending the occupation that ankara government did n't recognize ? 
  sorry for not giving you half of the country . 
  we 'll be better next time i promise . 
   i do n't really believe in neutral country , just cunning ones indeed it was cunning and thats how we survived . 
  it is probably \u0130n\u00f6n\u00fc 's greatest achievement . 
  cypriot and kurdish genocide ? 
  what ? 
   no , i am not . 
  actually today i updated an article on wikipedia because the first one underestimated the extent of the war crimes the nazis in my country committed . 
  thats unfortunate considering you believe in myths . 
   i suspect this must be strange for you , that i can both educate people on how horrible the nazis were and at the same time defend those who are wrongfully labeled as nazis . 
  it 's called being objective . 
  no it is called believing in silly myths about wehrmacht . 
  even worse than `` nazis were \u00fcber disciplined , technologically advanced \u00fcbermensch '' bullshit . 
  how rude . 
  youth these days ... 
  you turned this from a ethical question to a shitty pub analogy . 
  i am sorry but world is not a pub . 
  hah bring it on german .
