  i wish your grandfather a suffering death because he was a collaborator . 
   i 'm not polish or jewish , so it 's their view , not mine . 
  you are disgusting but probably i can find lithuanian bodies too probably . 
  though you probably consider jews something foreign to you so it narrows down a little . 
   sure thing , since you can blend in easily with earth once you commit a crime . 
  i do n't understand . 
  i never heard of a idiom like that . 
  did you try to translate it from yout language ? 
  you still exist with nazi 's you would n't have existed . 
  though they did plan to assimilate a very small part of lithuanians who were less `` tainted '' by the slavic blood . 
  maybe you would have in that small percentage . 
  you would have love that huh ? 
  hah , thats the point . 
  jews should thank their liberators for liberating them because of what nazi 's were doing . 
  nobody said they are the opposite or it was good that they occupied them . 
  the point is clearly this slavs should thank russia for saving them for extermination . 
  you still exist thank them for that . 
  no idiot you do n't know anything about the generalplan ost . 
  it included your kind too you can find that literally everywhere . 
  even more they planned one of the more complete `` cleansing '' for you . 
  do you think having light hair was going to save your grandfather ? 
  do you think memel it was going to be like memel ? 
   possibility to die from old age under nazi regime than being tortured , mutilated with acid in forest by nkvd squad for not `` obeying '' to soviet occupation . 
  hahahaha . 
  you really believe you would have lived together with genodical nazis happily together . 
  thats really disgusting . 
  no without them your grandfather would have been killed in one way or another and your mother and your dad and their slavic dog too . 
  ever heard of generalplan ost ? 
  do n't they teach you history ? 
  you should thank them for that . 
  without them you would have been exterminated . 
  back in the day it was like that but it kinda gave english speaking countries an advantage . 
  russia does n't buy our tomatoes :(, 
  we do n't even talk about such a referandum right now . 
  for the last 2 weeks politics were mostly fixed on election fraud claims , party infighting on all sides , search for a viable opposition candidate in 2019 , problems in syria and tomatoes . 
  i excluded 88 because i explained who those people were . 
  the enemy are the meccans . 
  fleeing from persecution ( and probably in search for somewhere away from mecca ) muslims fled to medina . 
  this is called hicret/hijrah . 
  meccans later attacked medina which is known as battle of badr . 
   in plain text this means `` god made them hypocrites so do n't try to reason with them '' do n't try to turn them away again yes . 
  then in later continues with 89 and 90 saying god would have made them attack the muslims if god willed . 
   yeah so kill splinter groups from the faith but respect the rules of war and dont break our truces no it says kill the splinter group who sides with your enemy against you . 
  if '' they remove themselves from you and do not fight you and offer you peace , then allah has not made for you a cause [ for fighting ] against them . '', 
  but if '' they do not withdraw from you or offer you peace or restrain their hands , then seize them and kill them wherever you overtake them . '', 
  it is quite clear . 
  throught the 19th century our population growth was quite low compared to the other countries and to the prior centuries . 
  foreigners sometimes called it a disease . 
  that disease ( still unexplored combination of social , economic and environmental factors if you will ) resulted in this result . 
  leading members of the cup then decided it would be wonderful to join the world war i wtih that population and eagerly entered the war . 
  well , at least we survived longer than russia . 
  is this even related to what we were talking about ? 
  no it clearly says kill the siplinter group who sides with your enemy against you but if they come to you with peace let them be . 
  why ? 
  if those muslims who stayed with meccans sides with their enemies they can be killed . 
  if they do n't fight with muslims in medina and offer peace they ca n't be attacked . 
  it is a quite ordinary war policy . 
  4:89 is about people ( who were muslims ) that did n't join hicret and instead stayed with the meccans ( who were kinda at war with the muslims ) . 
  read 88 , 89 and 90 is a whole and 91 is in the same vein . 
  it literally continues with `` except '' . 
  `` they wish you would disbelieve as they disbelieved so you would be alike . 
  so do not take from among them allies until they emigrate for the cause of allah . 
  but if they turn away , then seize them and kill them wherever you find them and take not from among them any ally or helper . '', 
  `` except for those who take refuge with a people between yourselves and whom is a treaty or those who come to you , their hearts strained at [ the prospect of ] fighting you or fighting their own people . 
  and if allah had willed , he could have given them power over you , and they would have fought you . 
  so if they remove themselves from you and do not fight you and offer you peace , then allah has not made for you a cause [ for fighting ] against them . '', 
  `` you will find others who wish to obtain security from you and [ to ] obtain security from their people . 
  every time they are returned to [ the influence of ] disbelief , they fall back into it . 
  so if they do not withdraw from you or offer you peace or restrain their hands , then seize them and kill them wherever you overtake them . 
  and those - we have made for you against them a clear authorization . '', 
  by the way this english translation is so tasteless and i am someone who thinks in general turkish translations of quran are tasteless . 
   i was n't talking about the past ... ? 
  hahahah you were talking about the future ? 
  thats just hilarious . 
  greeks did n't took \u0130stanbul british and french did . 
  we do have examples of greek massacres after their landing on \u0130zmir though . 
  you know i would have answered more seriously had you were n't an american but whenever an american talks about stuff like this i just find it amusing . 
  it is like a child trying to talk like adults . 
  i really do n't think they would have give that to them in their `` international '' city . 
  it probably would have been a christian church though . 
  meh , what are they compared to egyptians , romans and \u0130ran ? 
   i realize you are n't a native english speaker but `` falling on one 's sword '' is a figurative phrase that often refers to `` honor suicides '' as a whole . 
  he did n't commit suicide per se . 
  do n't try to save it . 
   which actions ? 
  you have n't cited any , or made an argument . 
  you 've just held it as self-evident . 
  because we know his last actions hence we can assume he would have destroyed it if he had the chance but he did n't . 
  he simply did n't have dynamite . 
  the guy who died instead of capture is going to let hagia sophia to fell unto our hands ? 
  when we entered the city people took refugee in the hagia sophia * thinking * it would save them . 
   not to mention , the turkish education system is n't known for breeding the most objective historians . 
  because greek , armenian or the any balkan one is known for that ? 
  we have renowned historians in their field like halil \u0130nalc\u0131k or \u015einasi tekin or k\u00f6pr\u00fcl\u00fc . 
  what do you have is mediocre historians and creeps like dadrian . 
   byzantium is part of the greek legacy . 
  yeah sure . 
  lets arbitrarily classify rome as a greek state because some 16th century german told us so !, 
   well , we did have a couple thousand years and a dozen kingdoms behind us in anatolia before the first turkish nomads came from the east  and we did n't sprout out of the ground when seljuk came to \u0130ran . 
  even if we did what did you have compared to the ottoman empire exactly ?
