  yeap this is the wehrmacht is innocent myth . 
  are you a german ? 
  yeah . 
  guy 2 of course ? 
   and did n't i send you exact clauses that you violate ? 
  you signed this convention you know . 
  that exact clause was not about that though as i said . 
  if it was it would have contradicted with itself . 
   3c and 3d of said convention say hello . 
  again ... 
  which you still do n't understand . 
   i do n't . 
  as long as we intercept you , i know we keep civilian planes safe . 
  until you hit a flying plane on air again   please read it again . 
  ( hint : `` no state aircraft of a contracting state shall fly over the territory of another state '' ) . 
  focus on the word `` fly '' . 
  also check articles 1 and 2 about what is considered `` territory '' . 
  territorial waters are considered territory as well . 
  the problem is this is not fir . 
  even athens ( check your offical statement ) does n't defend itself about this because it is not about fir it is about your borders and your territory . 
  fir is not your territory . 
   no , that 's my first message . 
  read again . 
  ooohhh i get it now . 
   by now , it is obvious to me that the only thing you know about the convention you posted are the 3a and 3b articles . 
  after all those messages and you still seem unable to understand what the problem is ( hint : not just fir ) , what 3c and 3d say and how turkey violates both . 
  i will not waste any more of my time . 
  i understand that you love your country , and you deserve praise for this , but it seems that in the process you only see what you want to see . 
  have a nice day . 
  turkey does n't violate fir and since you ca n't violate fir but we do violate the airspace that you claim to be yours . 
  claiming we violated your fir is just a technique you greeks use . 
   i will not waste any more of my time . 
  i understand that you love your country , and you deserve praise for this , but it seems that in the process you only see what you want to see . 
  have a nice day . 
  i can say the same for you and we did n't talk about your militarization of the islands yet . 
  have a nice day neighbour . 
  what kind of shitty defense is this ? 
  `` he did plan to to kill him and tried to kill him your honor but nobody knew of his plan until the end '', 
   if you have n't seen them you ca n't know that the rumors are false . 
  hahahaha and you ca n't know the rumors are true then ? 
   they were mostly young men , who just wanted to live a normal life , find a girlfriend , build a house , set up a family but instead they got drafted and sent into a pointless war . 
  being in wehrmacht was n't what made someone a nazi . 
  acting like one made him one . 
   you seriously think that all those millions were a nazi murdering machine instead of actual conscripts , not much different from any other army of that time ? 
  you seriously think that millions of people participated on the persecution and executions ? 
  you just try to absolve majority of wehrmacht with this whilst ignoring the crimes of wehrmacht . 
  talking about them as `` not even wehrmacht is clear '' . 
  of course they are not clear . 
  i reported it when i talked with him few days ago . 
  whole discussion was removed but you probably can find his nice wehrmacht pictures . 
  ah good old wehrmacht was innocent schtick . 
  germans can do it . 
  it helps them sleep well at night with their grandfathers . 
  it is just silly coming from someone else though . 
  why ? 
   and since you do not submit flight plans you are intercepted . 
  how can you demand to not be intercepted when you disregard what you signed for ? 
  we did n't signed for it dimwit . 
  did n't i send you the convention ? 
   sigh ... 
  so you still fail to understand that we are not talking just for fir violations . 
  and you are trying to change subject consantly instead of admitting you know nothing about the convention . 
   oh really ? 
  where are the flight plans then ? 
  at the same time that eu countries enforce regulations about drones , turkey flies military aircraft where civilian planes fly . 
  yeah , totally safe . 
  do n't you worry   so , there is the pdf with the convention that you posted . 
  and the same article that you pinpointed . 
  and it says that turkey 's actions are against that convention ( 3c and 3d ) . 
  you still do n't see the irony ? 
  talking about disregard of the convention ... did we landed a military aircraft without permission ? 
  no we did not so it is not about the 3c . 
  and as i said you aree totally safe   but as i stated in my first message the article is wrong and we are talking about national air space violations . 
  no in your first message you started with convention : `` i know the convention . 
  that 's why i know that we have to intercept every single one aircraft of your aircraft that enters the athens fir . 
  yet turkey whines about that and about greece intercepting you while you do n't have to submit flight plans . '', 
  then you added the other part . 
  they are at incirlik . 
  that rumor was false . 
  and nukes are generally exposed so no one would imagine a secret attack . 
  especially during their transfer . 
  if you ca n't control your reactions and reactions of your people in front of cameras it 'll take only one person to do something stupid or malicious to display and disgrace you like this . 
   aaaaand you continue . 
  what a surprise ... as i 've said before , i know that you do n't have to submit flight plans . 
  but , there is not one single country that would not intercept unidentified aircraft flying inside their jurisdiction . 
  it is a matter of security , you know . 
  and , of course , there is not even one country that would not denounce such irresponsible behaviors . 
  but , here we are talking about turkey , the special snowflake of the world when it comes to international law , and turkey is complaining ( just a random result off google , there are many others ) for being harassed . 
  if you have clicked the previous link , you would know that greece classifies every single one violation , and we know exactly the difference between air traffic violations infringements and national air space violations . 
  that 's why they are classified as different incidents . 
  on the other hand , the only thing that turkey seems to know is that they are not obliged to submit flight plans , and they ignore the rest of the convention . 
  and we do n't have to submit our plans for the military aircraft simple as that . 
  how can you * demand * us to do something that we did n't sign for ? 
   article 3c : no state aircraft of a contracting state shall fly over the territory of another state or land thereon without authorization by special agreement or otherwise , and in accordance with the terns thereof . 
  not about fir . 
   article 3d : the contracting states untertake , when issuing regulations for their state aircraft , that they will have due regard for the safety of navigation of civil aircraft . 
  we regard their safety do n't you worry   am i the only one seeing the irony here ? 
  no you think you are seeing the irony whilst you are disregarding the convention . 
   and , just a reminder , because you do n't seem to understand the difference : we are talking about 141 violations of national airspace in this case , not just for fir violations . 
  thats a another problem but i am talking about fir since the begining since article specified them .
