   and there 's a certain sense of irony in sulejman ( who 's viewed with a sense of wary respect here ) going into his last war , getting side-tracked into siget cause zrinski made himself troublesome elsewhere , and then ... dying in his tent of old age . 
  and also details like : he had to . 
  he probably knew he was going to die ( and selim was quite ready for it ) . 
  last years of s\u00fcleyman , like most old monarchs , was n't really good and to gain popularity with the people ( and probably die a better death ) he decided to go to war . 
  he , as in tradition , left \u0130stanbul with a white horse but after leaving the city he had to dismount and continued with a carriage . 
  commander death sure the machine would shrug it off . 
  but when a padishah dies things change pretty rapidly . 
  if heir is with the army he needs to return to \u0130stanbul as soon as possible and if he is not army needs to return for c\u00fclus . 
  some officals might be dismissed by the new padishah too . 
  i am not going to relax bal\u0131m . 
  you remember my name from threads about greece not about armenia . 
  find me those armenia threads if you can . 
   but you kept replying and replying to the point you were sounding really silly . 
  like i said build bridges and make love is the way forward askim ... well , if they keep replying i am going to reply too tatl\u0131m . 
  mmm love . 
  yeah some greek love would be nice . 
  i do n't understand what you are saying . 
   i realized the original way i wrote it was unclear that 's why i changed it . 
  it is true though that losing control of istanbul was a major reason the turkish nationalists were outraged enough to fight . 
  evidenced by the fact that they stopped fighting pretty much as soon as that term of the original treaty was let go in the subsequent treaty of lausanne what you wrote was just wrong . 
  why do you talk about a thing that you do n't know about and probably do n't care about ? 
  nobody is forcing you . 
  and no this is not the reason why they stopped after \u0130stanbul . 
  they did n't stop after \u0130stanbul anyway . 
  fighting ended after \u0130zmir . 
  \u0130stanbul was taken after chanak crisis . 
  which is a thing you should read about since you think britain did n't care about whats happening in turkey . 
  first you attack me like i spammed every thread about armenians then you say a completly different thing . 
  what is your problem ? 
  yeah , thats not easy unfortunetly as you can see from this comment chain . 
  why would i not speak when this armenian acts like they did n't sign sevres ? 
  no you said war was about greek control of \u0130stanbul at first then changed it . 
   the regions with greek christian populations were removed from muslim control because of the ethnic cleansing campaigns of the ottomans ( or rather , the regions that used to have christian greeks in them before those campaigns ) no , this was not the reason why \u0130stanbul was put under international control . 
  remember turkish straits ? 
  apart from this i commented on this thread https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6cyx36/armenia_expects_to_sign_comprehensive_and/ . 
  what else ? 
  and write it yourself if you do n't agree with me greek instead of trying to end a discussion that did n't include you . 
   it 's a war of aggression because turkey attacked and annexed parts of armenia based on former russian territory , not eastern ottoman provinces which armenia was n't making any moves to occupy since it had plenty of problems dealing with genocide refugees and disease outbreaks . 
   keeping your troops within the eastern provinces which were supposed to be transferred would have been enough to reject the treaty , what turkey did is go on the offensive , nothing to do with an independence war against occupiers . 
  first you accept a treaty that would completly crush us then you expect us to not to attack you huh ? 
  why did your country approved that treaty if they did n't want all those land then ? 
  what kind of weird spoiled person are you ? 
  did you even see sevres ? 
  \u0130stanbul was under international control . 
  why would britain and france give bosphorus to greece anyway ? 
  edit : you changed the part i wrote about and made it even more incomprehensible . 
  it was n't just about \u0130stanbul . 
  at the start \u0130stanbul was seen as unrealistic to most when put on misak-\u0131 milli . 
  and the point of the war was rejecting that treaty . 
  it is the reason why sevres died . 
  you call it a war of agression whilst the treaty your country supported put most of our eastern provinces under your control . 
  what kind of war of aggression is that ? 
  van was under your control according to sevres ( and it stayed that way until 1920 ) . 
  does that not constitue a occupation by your logic ? 
   where did i say that ? 
  nowhere obviously but this is a cliche we hear from our old `` citizens '' quite a lot . 
   regardless , you ca n't pretend that 's some type of justified independence war against armenian occupiers when it 's just turkish aggression . 
  how about van then ? 
  kars got out of our hand in 1878 . 
  compared to your idea of `` centuries of occupation '' it was quite recent . 
   try to improve relations with you neighbors for the benefit of the region as a whole , which would also benefit turkey . 
  sure but we ca n't ignore azerbaijan and our problems with armenia is at some level unsolvable without huge changes . 
   the current turkish policy in the south caucuses , including blind support of azerbaijan in the conflict , only favours russia . 
  azerbaijan is equally under the influence of russia , because of the conflict , among other reasons . 
  you ca n't do shit in caucasuses without russia . 
   not letting your public opinion be shaped by and the country 's foreign policy be dictated by another county , in this case an authoritarian leadership . 
  azerbaijan has been spending a lot of effort in shaping turkish public opinion and in lobbying . 
  of course they do and we do too . 
  even without them we do turkish public opinion lies in the fact that we both are turks , we speak the same language and our history . 
  sure sometimes they call chair a table ( or we call a table a chair ) but it is the same language . 
  absolute opposite is true for armenia . 
  you ca n't just wipe peoples minds and this is certainly true for every side . 
  why would turkey support armenia over azerbaijan ? 
  you realize most turks sees azerbaijan as a brother nation right ? 
  that would create a outrage domestically and i do n't think supporting hostile nations is a good foreign policy idea . 
  it would indeed be better for everyone if we open our borders with them ( they can be a profitable market and we can drain them for low wage workers even more ) but as for now it is just unrealistic . 
  no , it would create tension with russia . 
  we and azerbaijan would watch it with popcorn . 
  thats why he is special . 
  he is a nazi supporter baltic who thinks they would have been spared because he has yellow hair or something . 
  you are a masterful troll you know that right ? 
  because i heard this from a american once . 
  good job, 
   perhaps it 's just a crazy wild fear like you say . 
  however , our places reversed i think you may feel uneasy as well . 
  maybe maybe not . 
  i ca n't empathize with you properly about this truth to be told . 
   denying the right to vote is not something i am proposing . 
  it 's my belief however that the voting process should not be influenced by another country ( example the usa and russian interference into their election ) . 
  also our imams should not be so easily influenced by turkey . 
  there 're bulgarian muslims too which consider themselves bulgarians ethnically , but religiously muslim . 
  by having our minority you are a open target for this unfortunetly . 
  thats just how politics work . 
  though i think if the problems that happened in the last three decades did n't happen this would be a it would have been much harder for our government to do this . 
   to be frank dna tests would probably say that the bulgarian turks are not much different than the bulgarians but that 's a different story ... dna tests in this part of europe is quite nonsense really . 
  we are all mixed in some degree . 
  a muhacir 's father marries with a bulgarian then that muhacir marries with a turk whose father was actually a armenian converted to islam then their children marries with someone else etc. 
  saudis spead wahhabism to everywhere . 
  thats one of the reasons why they exist in the first place . 
  you again nazi ?
