identity is important , it is not everything . 
  objective fact must take precedence . 
  objective fact ? 
  you , who rejects the notion that how historical people saw their world is relevant , talk about facts ? 
   pathetic , setting traps in dialectical debate . 
  honestly embarrassing . 
  aww i just tested your knowledge do n't take it too hard . 
   english is not a romance language genetically , but in terms of actual vocabulary it is . 
  oh , fuck off english being a germanic language is not debatable . 
  do n't pull classifications out of your ass . 
   i think it 's been painfully obvious that we 've been talking about greco-roman civilisation from the start here . 
  and mediterranean was a part of the greco-roman world ? 
   ah the folly of the historian , thinking the views of people at the time are the word of god , even if they 're wrong . 
  ah the confidence of the ignorant . 
  without any knowledge or source lies about the past . 
   our point of divergence seems to be that you believe an idenity is central to what somebody is . 
  why do you think so ? 
  it matters , but the idea that it is everything is mad . 
  not really . 
  my point includes that but it also includes the world that romans conquered was a mediterranean one and roman influence can be seen in its most powerful form in there . 
   their language is n't . 
  obviously it 's a scale so if a country is european in all other aspects you can refer to them as european , if turkey or israel were a little more similar to europe they 'd be european overall despite the language . 
  your arguement had the language part not mine . 
  i am just pointing out . 
  maybe you should have thought about it before eh ? 
   in the middle east , from the evidence i 've seen , it was merely administration and law that was passed down , this is not culture . 
  i 'm happy to be proven wrong on this point , but i 've never seen any evidence suggesting actual culture was passed on . 
  oh come on you did n't saw anything about roman influence on early muslim administration . 
  you are just agreeing because i said so . 
  of course romans influenced their culture . 
  where do you think ebu yusuf el-kindi ideas come from ? 
  siberia ? 
  architecture would be a another great example of this who do you think gave arabs and later ottomans a dome fetish ? 
  did you ever compared early mosques with their contemporary churches ? 
  oh what am i saying of course you did n't see a early mosque . 
  literature would be a odd duck in this but it generally is anyway . 
   at any rate , yes there was obviously influence from them in the early days , but european christianity is largely a roman creation , not entirely , but largely . 
  of course it is a roman creation dimwit . 
  just like first christian sects or christianity itself was formed under the romans . 
  even the first christian state was under heavy roman influence ( and to a degree control ) . 
   yes , exactly . 
  but they are not european . 
  i don ' y know if you are wilfullyu misinterpreting what i am saying or not , but let me reiterate . 
  greece is european because it is indo european but not aryan ( because the aryan languages are n't european ) . 
  you ca n't just mutilate indo-european language family and claim what you consider european is what makes them european . 
  by that logic hungarians should n't be european . 
   regarding the germans , you said the romans even influenced the germans , which proves my point that rome served as a philosophical blueprint . 
  my point was rome influenced everyone they ruled and they even influenced people who did n't rule . 
  you can trace land administration in egypt from ptolemy to romans to arabs but you obviously ca n't do that for germans but you can show by examining their later influence . 
   so all major sects started in europe then . 
  gnostic and ebionites thought is a tiny proportion of christianity and they both lost their importance before the year 1000 . 
  they were major sects you ignorant twat . 
  they were very important in the early christianity and influenced later christianity . 
  you ca n't start christianity from the first millennium . 
  my god you are dense . 
   again . 
  they do n't need to be aware of their influence on and part in europe ( a lot of which came about following their deaths ) for those to exist . 
  a identity is something you are aware of . 
  you * identify * yourself as your identity if you are not a madman . 
  of course you know that but you are a illiterate person who ca n't even find the most obvious source he can use for this . 
  it does n't mean it makes them european but you could have used it . 
   comprehension darling . 
  two waves . 
  english as a language is majority romance and the elites are even more romanised than the average person . 
  english is not a romance language and if having a `` majority romance '' language in later periods was crucial for being a roman that would mean eastern mediterranean was never roman . 
  i really do n't know what you are trying to say with the elite stuff though . 
  of course elites were romanized . 
  thats a `` rule '' for everywhere in the roman world . 
  though local elites always show their locality a little ( like gallo-roman elites during the 3rd century ) . 
   i interpreted you as implying britain was a mess , was that the case ? 
  i was mocking your claim to be continuation of what greeks `` created '' hence i said the mess that britain was after the roman retreat by no way greeks fault . 
   the bullshit that rome , one of the peaks of european civilisation was european ? 
  alright then . 
  yes calling romans `` european '' is anachronistic bullshit . 
  `` enlightenment '' fairytales . 
   do n't be rude because you do n't understand simple concepts . 
  i am rude because i absolutely absolutely despise uneducated twats like you . 
   the idea is that you can be something without being aware of it . 
  truth does not change because you are unaware of it . 
  very philosophical . 
  now please show me in any roman historian where they talked about themself in a way that included a `` european world '' . 
  i dare you . 
  and please do n't use half-assed translations . 
   apart from spawning greco roman culture which in two waves ended up comprising the majority of britains culture . 
  greco-roman culture never had a that kind of majority impact on the great britain . 
  britain was a frontier and one of the first places that was lost even more it deurbanized even before the western mediterranean collapse . 
   from a turk what does me being a turk or you being a brit has to do with anything ? 
   so what 's your game here ? 
  is it trying to claim turkey is the heir to the byzantines or trying to claim turkey is european ? 
  my game is stopping bullshit about rome . 
  thats all . 
   if you do n't know about a subject do n't try to blindly debate it . 
  iranians are part of the indo-iranian group which is not european . 
  aryan languages are inside indo-european family . 
  check it out even wiki got it right . 
  though if you are talking about some unscientific genetic thing please spare me . 
   come on now , germans are europeans of course they are ? 
  i did n't say anything about they being european it was about roman influence . 
   they created the major sects of christianity , this is objective historical fact . 
  i did n't say it started in europe , but the kinds that bound european culture together were created by the romans .
