  would you like it if all the turks in the island died ? 
  you would probably . 
   `` who the fuck do you think you are ? 
  '' , `` shamelessness '' , `` overlook all that suffering '' etc. 
  you may try to appeal to feelings all you want . 
  facts are facts and facts do n't change . 
  you deny the fact that sampson massacred turks . 
  you are trying to equate it with his coup . 
   me trying to explain to you history is of no use . 
  the international community already knows . 
  you may want to live in a bubble of a state that denies genocide , justifies invasion , jails journalists etc. 
  that 's fine . 
  but do n't try and tell me that a state that is willing to do all the above is not trying to portait events in a special way . 
  so you are taking refugee in your `` propaganda '' schtick again . 
  good it feels satisfying . 
   there is a reason turkey stands alone on this issue . 
  indeed . 
   i am not going to debate killing with you because you obviously believe and not challange anything that your state tells you . 
  everyone with half a brain understand that in order to go from this ( 1960 , blue greeks ) to this ( greeks living in the island after the invasion ) something terrible must have happened . 
  who the fuck do you think you are ? 
  how do you find the shamelessness that allows you to overlook all that suffering as a turkish propaganda ? 
  ask any cypriot in the turkish side they 'll tell you . 
  and something terrible indeed happen . 
  something called war but it was better than the alternative . 
  though you probably preffered it completly blue . 
   the turkish invasion was so `` justified '' that only and only turkey recognises the pseudostate at the north . 
  not a single un member besides turkey recognises this farce as legitimate . 
  \u0130nvasion is justified . 
  holding is not but invasion was completely justified . 
  the famous article iv of the treaty . 
   but a time will come that you may have to reflect upon the fact that your version of history is only supported by your own state and that state alone . 
  it is nice to see that you are unable to defend what cypriots did and try to make yourself right by painting everything else as turkish propaganda . 
  unlike you i never denied things that happened and i did n't try to justify sampson . 
  maybe because i know had makarios was n't overthrown things would have been better but what happened happened . 
   you may feel good talking into turkish echo chambers about `` evil greeks '' or `` evil armenians '' that somehow threaten your existance i do n't need state propaganda about that . 
  do you think the relationship between our nations is that simple ? 
  if i wanted to hate armenians i 'll just remember what my paternal grandfather ( whose family was in van when they * liberated * it ) said and if i wanted to hate greeks i 'll remember what my maternal grandfather ( who had a independence medal ) told my mother . 
  but that will be stupid since every side has stories like that about people who is long dead . 
  i am not going to listen to some idiot talking shit about atrocities that happened during my lifetime though . 
   in the end , the journal found just eight serious errors , such as general misunderstandings of vital concepts , in the articles . 
  of those , four came from each site . 
  they did , however , discover a series of factual errors , omissions or misleading statements . 
  all told , wikipedia had 162 such problems , while britannica had 123 . 
  and this is britannica and i do n't think they included enough history articles since i * know * that ottoman history articles are mostly awful in wikipedia . 
  compared to a specialised encyclopedia like the cambridge ancient history it would do much much worse . 
   both greeks and turks commited brutal crimes against each other . 
  not to mention sampson commited crimes against other greeks too . 
  that is no excuse for a turkish ivasion and greek population expulsion . 
  you ca n't compare sampson 's crime against turks with that . 
  neither its scope nor his intent is comparable or the fact that sampson took governments control just 6 days before our landing . 
  sampson was already famous his role in eoka . 
  and no it is the perfect reason for the turkish invasion . 
  what we should have done ? 
  let our people die ? 
  why did we become a gurenteer in guaranteer of the treaty then ? 
   and achieving enosis was a pretty legitimate goal at the time . 
  greek land historically , with a huge greek majority as a population and greek struggles in order to remove the english from the island . 
  fuck that . 
  your path for your `` legitimate goal '' was riddled with massacres and your legitimate goal was n't legitimate at all considering it is against the treaty . 
   years and years of anti-colonial struggle from greeks against the british . 
  only in 1957 out of the blue kucuk started talking about dividing the island . 
  oh please . 
  you know you ca n't defend sampson instead you go back . 
  we can go back as much as abd\u00fclhamid if you want but this is not going to change that our action was legitimate and necessary . 
  by the way in 1957 there was intercommunal violance in cyprus and \u0130stanbul pogrom happaned just two years before that . 
  greeks were butchering turks and were actively trying to achieve enosis ( which is as you know against the treaty ) . 
  are you denying the ethnic violance ( two sided ) in cyprus that happened ? 
  are you denying sampson had a part ? 
  he himself does n't deny that . 
  there is no excuse for sampsons , cypriots , and greek junta 's behavior and our invasion was quite lawful . 
  though still holding it is against the treaty . 
  you are compating very different things . 
  wikipedia is very lax about its sourcing . 
  when they source a old book it can be a page from a old book that in itself does n't have any references ( there are lots of 19th century books like that ) . 
  for wikipedia something like this is quite acceptable . 
  even worse sometimes they do n't stay true to their reference . 
  i saw that quite a lot in the articles about the ottoman empire . 
  peer review makes difference . 
   the invasion of cyprus happened under kemalist leadership . 
  and thank god for that . 
  do you think we should have let sampson to continue ? 
  or maybe we should have supported him like you did . 
  no , not really . 
  printed encyclopedias have quite high standarts about their subjects . 
  wikipedia is a uniquely broad encyclopedia which makes it even harder . 
  i did not say they should ban english wikipedia !, 
  but why ? 
  i feel dense . 
  no gods to be seen :(, 
  i do n't understand o_o, 
  yeap there is that part to it but i think there is a fundamental problem with wikipedia too . 
  even in english `` high quality '' articles you 'll find some outdated sources and inconsistencies . 
  this is because of wikipedia 's low standards . 
  i will copy my other answer : `` turkish wikipedia is just shitty . 
  it is sourceless , it is full of people who fight over their shity ideologies , language of it is awful and it is biased in a very inconsistent way thanks to shitty moderation . '', 
  there is bias but it changes from article to article ( and the discussion page to discussion page ) since different people dominate different subjects . 
  moreover moderation has lots of problems which allows this to happen . 
  i do n't know i can enter it but normally there would be something like this : http://blogoku.net/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/ekran-alintisi.png . 
  turkish wikipedia is just shitty . 
  it is sourceless , it is full of people who fight over their shity ideologies , language of it is awful and it is biased in a very inconsistent way thanks to shitty moderation .
