  there is only you . 
   the city was rich enough for the ottomans to plunder lots of gold and silver . 
  not really . 
  romans barely managed to equip their army , hagia sophia was in shambles , palaces were in ruins and they had to refuse orban . 
   the problem was not in its wealth , the problem was in politics . 
  half of the greeks wanted to ally the west , the other half did not . 
  the empire was fallen and ally-less . 
  barely 1000 foreign men came to help . 
  and even though pope wanted to help , he did not maange to send more than 200 troops or so because some of the key westerners , notable venice and aragon , were not in the mood to help ( both wanted and succeded in puting small vassals in former byzantine areas ) . 
  greek population did n't want west at all because of the fourth crusade . 
  every primary source from greeks in that era talks about this . 
  it would n't matter anyway . 
  mehmed was fixed on conquering the city more than anyone else and any real threat was crushed by his father in varna . 
  only threat could have come from within but he managed to keep \u00c7andarl\u0131 under control . 
   this city would be rich in any political enviroment given its a steady and strong one . 
  so your conquest of the city was not the key factor for its new prosperity . 
  well of course ( this arguement can be made for most historically populated cities ) but the point is we gave the city that political environment . 
  more importantly mehmed worked for this for his whole life . 
  with his tax cuts , ( reintroduced ) price control system , forced exiles etc. 
  without him city would n't have recovered so quickly . 
  where ? 
  a century after venetians sacked it it was a desolate town a century after we conquered the city it was the largest city in europe and stayed that way until the 19th century and we still hold it . 
  thats the difference . 
  reason you were n't crushed quickly was the russian help . 
  when war was over your little adventure ended . 
   who attacked constantinople again ... ? 
  who massacred byzantine citizens in the streets ? 
  who raped little girls on the altar on theodosia ? 
  funnily enough all of these are valid for the venetians too . 
  though we did n't made hookers dance in the altar of hagia sophia . 
  i think you got it wrong . 
  he is talking about a historical event ( fourth crusade ) . 
  he does n't try to put the blame on someone else because we do n't see it as something to be ashamed of . 
  why would we ? 
  used the serbians . 
  supporting rebellions ( quite naturally ) was a quite useful tool for the russians during our wars . 
  like the serbian rebellion or the orlov revolt . 
  and when you left after the peace ... 
  we liberated it from desolation . 
  you let venetians sack it !, 
  meh maybe battle of vienna sure but eugene of savoy won the war . 
  by the way are there any other lithuanians beside you in this sub ? 
   the venetians also refused to send sufficient help to constantinople during its final siege . 
  which would n't help much anyway . 
  and for the sake of being fair we should add venetian barbarians in constantinople were slaughtered by romans few years ago before that . 
  you used them in our war and you were successful in that war . 
  reading youtube comments then whining about them is not very smart . 
   1804 one of the nicer years of the russian life . 
  said the serbian . 
  yes . 
  not just lyrics . 
  music itself was composed by \u0130smail hakk\u0131 in the early 20th century by enver 's request and it is quite western sounding . 
  thanks to mahmud ii a good portion of old janissary music burned and the rest are suffering from the problems of our old notation system . 
  folksongs like [ estergon kalesi ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxgvu2waqsw ) are much more authentic than ceddin deden . 
   wow , just wow . 
  there is nothing left for me to say here yet you are still talking . 
   you simply avoid all of my statements and insert your backwards logic . 
  i literally answered you one by one . 
   you even deny the fact that alexander spread the hellenic culture in the east . 
  of course i deny that alexander was on a holy quest for spreading `` hellenic culture '' . 
  as for mutual influence it indeed did happen . 
  before him and after him . 
  and stop using `` east '' as a monolithic thing . 
   ( the culture that all of the west operates by ) oh please . 
   you seem to have somehow gotten the idea that just because greece had always relationships with egypt , that that automatically makes greece `` eastern '' . 
  no the idea that i am talking about is that your history is more interconnected with egypt than with france and that you are a part of the eastern mediterranean . 
  you on the other hand think you ca n't be grouped with egypt . 
   but you also contrast yourself when other countries do the same and you deny it . 
  like what ? 
  italy and libya is quite uncomparable . 
  they simply do n't have the same history . 
   the only reason greece and egypt have the longest relations is because at that point , there were no other advanced civilizations . 
  hahaha . 
  first of all describe `` advanced civilizations '' . 
  you realize greeks were playing with their shit whilst there were empires in mesopotamia right ? 
  secondly greeks indeed did have relationships with other peoples . 
  like thracians , phonecians and hittites . 
   when other groups rose in the mediterranean ( italy and spain ) , they had the same interactions in their history as greece did with egypt ) . 
  nah , not really . 
  greek and greeks in greece is quite incomparable to the relationship between carthage and greek colonies . 
  though indeed syracuse 's relationship with carthage was more complex with carthage than it was with `` thracians '' . 
  grouping `` greeks '' as one entity is quite hard but there is a greek influence all over mediterranean . 
  but the greek population and greek is much more concentrated in the eastern mediterranean and that did n't change until the 20th century . 
   how exactly are these different lol , the roman empire had too conquered egypt , libya etc.not to mention the repeated attempts of italy to seize libya as their own . 
  population of greeks in egypt and relationship between egyptian greeks and other greeks is the difference . 
  and roman empire conquered it yes . 
  after that they lost the western provinces but they controlled the eastern provinces . 
  do you understand ? 
   the whole point of alexander the great was that he spread hellenic culture in the east . 
  no he just conquered shit . 
  anatolia already had hellenic influence and this `` spreading '' was mutual . 
  as he conquered persia alexander adopted persian traditions . 
  when he conquered egypt he adopted egyptian traditions . 
  his successors ( to stay alive in the place they ruled ) continued this trend . 
   the same culture that today is prevalent in all `` western '' countries . 
  really now ? 
   . if greece is eastern then what did alexander do?spread eastern culture to the east?alexander 's achievements circle around that fact that he spread this same `` western '' culture to the east.the fact that he spread that culture to the east does n't make the culture `` eastern '' , that 's the whole point , western culture in the east . 
  your problem is you think eastern and western as too monolithic . 
  egypt and greeks had relations since mycenaeans . 
  dividing them as east and west is quite stupid and grouping them with , let 's say , germans in that time is in the same vein of stupidity .
