  thank god you have a memorable username . 
  and i am not anti-bulgarian kom\u015fu but denying citizens voting is inexcusable and just a manifestation of being anti-turk . 
  sure i would support language requirment for citizenship but if i remember correctly bulgarian citizenship law is jus sanguinis . 
  you ca n't just force people out of the country then reject their right to vote . 
  wait actually you can . 
  we and greeks did it in 1961 . 
  you are little too late . 
  turkey trying to have influence over their minority in there is quite normal politics . 
  we could n't protect them before we should protect them now and by doing that of course turkey tries to influence your country . 
  this is different from invading bulgaria ( again ) . 
  even if we ignore the whole world order we simply do n't have enough turks in bulgaria that would support such a thing ( i am talking about a fantasy what if situation in here ) . 
  maybe in the 20 's we had but not today . 
  edit : i forgot to add that you are quite away from the general mindset in turkey today . 
  we have much bigger problems . 
   there 's a crimea situation waiting to happen in bulgaria where a turkish minority do n't be stupid . 
  is this what your moms scare you with these days ? 
  tell your mom that turkey attacking ( with a uncomparable minority to the crimea situation mind you ) a nato member with extra attention from russia is impossible . 
  they should scare you with real dangers your country currently face instead of armed invasion . 
  i ca n't find this in news sites close to government . 
  so this seems like a foreign policiy decision than a domestic one . 
  though i think this has a ulterior motive ( that being akp 's army modernization plan ) and i think we might see something simillar ( obviously not like this since austria is n't nato ) about germany . 
   austria is nato . 
  austria is not in nato . 
  maybe you wanted to say eu ? 
  or you are talking about things you do n't know . 
  thats possible too . 
  yeah : / . 
  at least we can say our conquest of balkans was a `` return to homeland '' . 
  do n't be silly . 
  if this is true it would mean humanity spread to central asia earlier too . 
   currently , most experts believe that our human lineage split from apes around seven million years ago in central africa , where hominids remained for the next five million years before venturing further afield . 
   but two fossils of an ape-like creature which had human-like teeth have been found in bulgaria and greece , dating to 7.2 million years ago . 
  let me know when most experts believe that humans originated from europe . 
  we 'll see who he favors then !, 
  edit : thanks constantine !, 
   claimed the caliphate . 
  this is a myth started by hammer . 
  it was originally a gossip recorded in some polish representatives book . 
  since ottomans claimed to be sultans at the begining they claimed to be the caliph . 
  these two are inseparable . 
  yavuz claimed ( and become ) to be the custodian of the holy cities ( hadim\u00fc ` l-harameyni e\u015f-\u015ferifeyn ) . 
   they are supposed to be real and i never heard of them being fake but i guess it could be true relics from the old prophets are probably fake ( though they are old fakes ) . 
  but the oldes quran , prophet 's beard and shirt needs to be examined with modern technology but until then there is no reason to doubt them . 
  / r/turkey is a little out of touch with the real turkey . 
  nice memes from time to time though . 
  how rude . 
  i do n't think so . 
  latest palace in the constantinople before conquest was palace of the porphyrogenitus . 
  its ruins does n't look like topkap\u0131 much and original palace was already in ruins . 
  topkap\u0131 is quite unadorned its real beauty lied in its simplicity and its surroundings . 
  i doubt the `` byzantine '' palace was like that . 
  from g\u00fclhane park to all the way to the bosphorus was once topkap\u0131 's garden . 
  i think you should try to learn it more . 
  languages lives through people like you . 
  you are different though . 
  english nearly killed your language . 
  it is quite normal you ca n't speak it and i do n't know how much irish is really irish anymore considering few are speaking it compared to english . 
  if it somehow returns to the majority then what you said would be correct . 
  it is not illegal to say kurdistan today but it is frowned upon . 
  they might prosecute you under the famous '' \u00fcniter devlet '' article though . 
  i remember two idiots prosecuted after distributing brochures with that . 
  i do frown upon on that too . 
  somehow i do n't like a imaginary country that encompasses parts of my country . 
  who knew ? 
  and do n't try to detract the issue from your terrorist supporting . 
  you should be ashamed of yourself . 
  what do you know about kurds anyway ? 
  ever been to east of turkey ? 
  seen it ? 
  talked with people on the ground ? 
  we would all be better if we do n't consider diasporas as turks or kurds . 
  no your comment is stating that pkk is `` not a terorist organization '' somewhat . 
  how can you criticise post in r/turkey whilst you are so deluded ? 
  come to turkey . 
  live in here . 
  talk about pkk like that after suffering from one of their attacks . 
  if you consider yourself french and do n't know how to speak french you are not french . 
  same thing with turks . 
  turkish is the most important defining thing about who is a turk or not . 
  i have no idea and not all european turks are like that . 
  most just have a funny accent . 
  us and eu consider pkk as a terorist organization moron . 
  you do n't know what you are supporting . 
  if someone does n't speak turkish he is not turkish . 
  [ so you are telling me this is not bullshit ? 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/kurdistan/comments/507su0/how_are_pkk_and_ypg_related_to_each_other/d71yvhi/ ) it is so easy for you to speak about like this without living in turkey right ? 
  ugh you diasporas are all the same . 
  of course i do n't . 
  who are you to decide who should die or not ? 
  and erdo\u011fan is by no means is a muslim nutjob . 
  you say you are a kurd ( considering your username diaspora ) . 
  somehow i think you have a horse in this race instead of goodwill . 
  well i did say he is the more anormal one . 
  so they are not the same . 
   `` looking forward to the ( ( ( media ) ) ) showing their true colors when the civil war begins in full swing later on this year '' i do n't think this needs a / s cupid91 . 
  this attitude is indeed normal since op wants to protect the image of our country because he knows a different image of his country and thinks you are lying . 
  your attitude is normal too since you have a different image of our country and think op is a liar . 
  though i find you more anormal considering you bothered with going into r/turkey . 
  hah after seeing that i was waiting for this . 
   assuming the 20 million kurds didnt vote for him why do you assume that ?
