  therefore , military aircraft flying in international airspace is under no obligation to submit flight plans according to international law . '', 
  notice how cleverly you greeks fotgot to split icao convention and the international practice . 
  civil aircraft is indeed the convention which we adhere but the military one on the other hand is the international practice . 
  no that would be a different deal ( it would be like we are flying over athens ) . 
  they can fly in our fir that does n't coincide with our airspace . 
  indeed . 
  we are similar to them . 
  nearly as much as we are with armenians . 
  we did n't violate your airspace . 
  fir ( flight information region ) is not exactly your airspace . 
  you would have acted more aggressively had we violated your airspace . 
   your pilots violated greek air space according to the greek view . 
  turkish government does n't accept the greek view , so it 's contested . 
  from an international law point of view the whole thing is not really clear . 
  both sides have a point . 
  no it is quite clear . 
  you just said we are not obliged and the link you send verify this . 
  there is nothing to contest apart from greeks wanting more control in their fir . 
   from a safety point of view your pilots are simply assholes . 
  the fact , that they are not obliged legally to adhere to rules of good airmanship , does n't change the fact , that they 're behaving recklessly and risking civilian lives on a regular basis . 
  eh you have a point in that but that does n't mean we violated greeks which is what op ( and his silly government ) claims . 
  because we do n't have to give them information about our military aircraft flying in athens fir . 
  thats in the deal but greeks act like we broke the deal . 
   of course you are not obliged . 
  that 's the whole point . 
  funny thing is , that in a european context the only airforces who regularly manage to pop up and fuck with aviation safety by not wanting to cooperate with civilian ats are russia and turkey . 
  whats your point then ? 
  they claim we violated them because we did n't do something we do n't have to . 
  it is our call . 
  if they do n't like it fine but they should n't whine about it like we flew over athens . 
  we do n't fly over their territory thats the whole fucking point . 
  `` 1.2.4 at the same time , states are aware of the limitations of icao sarps and designated annexes to the convention , including pans and regional supplementary procedures ( supps ) , as they relate to state/military aircraft and their services . 
  indeed , as seen above , article 3 of the convention specifically exempts state aircraft from compliance with articles of the convention '' we are not obliged as you can see . 
  we give information about the civil aircraft . 
  they do n't have any right to demand more . 
   but whatever , this whole shitshow is the usual circlejerk the turkish af really likes to start every season again . 
  i guess it wo n't end anytime soon . 
  indeed . 
  we do n't violate their airspace thats what i am saying . 
  we do n't give info about out military aircraft when they past through their fir ( flight information region ) . 
  we do it when civillan planes fly through that region because thats what we signed up for : `` article 3 ( a ) this convention shall be applicable only to civil aircraft , and shall not be applicable to state aircraft . '', 
  what are they going to do ? 
  force us to give flight plans even though we do n't have to ? 
  change the icao convention if you can convince everyone . 
  there is no benefit in that and we do this ( `` violating '' athens fir ) quite a lot . 
  this just shows there was a unusual amount of activity of our military aircraft in aegean that day . 
  no , no i was n't offended . 
  which did n't effect us much apart from the loss of precious talented sailors . 
  1770 on the other hand ... 
  we do n't have to submit our flight plans for military aircraft ( in athens fir ) to you and you know this perfectly well . 
  anyone who doubts that can look at article 3-a of the icao convention . 
  the interesting thing in this propaganda piece is that it is 71 times in one day . 
  i wonder what they were doing . 
  arabs hate each others guts . 
  another little country we used as a ball in our pingpong match with the smug germans . 
  furthermore they are excellent for suppressing rebellions as far as i know . 
  apart from that our word for tie comes from them . 
  though we took it from the french . 
  instead of croat =  h\u0131rvat ( croat in turkish ) = necktie it is croat =  cravate =  kravat = necktie . 
  i really do n't remember what we were talking about but your post annoyed me . 
   pedestrian understanding of linguistics . 
  there are genetic links , where english is definitely germanic , and there is language contact , where influence comes from other languages . 
  apparently you argued that english is a `` majority romance '' language so i do n't see how you can reconcile those two . 
  english is a germanic language and there is no `` but '' about that . 
   few stolen laws and veils do not make you part of a culture . 
  you can trace influence but you ca n't find `` stolen laws '' apart from the sultan 's realtionship with the church so i do n't know what you are talking about . 
  by the way denying influence of fashion is quite silly . 
  it is quite important as you can see with fez . 
   first of all , romance peoples survive today , romance peoples does n't mean they are romans . 
  neither italians nor spanish are romans . 
  it is a important distinction . 
   totally seperate from other mediterranean groups no they are inside the indo european family . 
   hat nonsense about domes domes are not nonsense . 
  domes and arches are the definitive characteristics of the roman architecture . 
   d byzantine administration carried on byzantine adminsitration in some ways carried on in other ways influenced . 
  though it is hard to argue they were the ones who influenced it since you can see simillar stuff in iran too . 
  important thing is administration was simillar . 
  like music it does n't neccesserily mean influence but it does show clear similarities . 
   but the actual descendants of rome still exist , and guess what ? 
  they are europeans . 
  yeah sure , lombard barbarians and vandal well vandals are romans . 
   second , a lot of the groups conquered and influenced by the romans are now extinct or were totally changed like the jews or the egyptians . 
  thats a quite shitty way to describe jews and egyptians . 
  especially the jews . 
  you realize not all jews are ashkenazi right ? 
   third , the north african coast and the levant are controlled by arabs , and franks control france and lombards control italy and we control anatolia . 
   who the romans never conquered , they did n't conquer franks or vandals or other germans . 
   were not influenced by the romans any more than they were influenced by the persians and then proceeded to wipe greco roman culture out of the levant nonsense . 
  of course arabs were influenced by the romans like everyone . 
  why would n't they ? 
  ( oh and what part of the classical `` greco-roman '' culture remained in north africa in the 7th century exactly ? ), 
   fourth , the rest of the med is controlled by turks , who first of all , were not even mediterranean at the time of the wre or the ere what ? 
  who did we conquered the city from then ? 
  atlanteans ? 
   nd second base all their claims to greco roman on stolen buildings first of all `` conquered '' is a better term since otherwise everyone would have to deal with a unendless stream of `` you stole it ! '' . 
  including our italian friends . 
  and no the claim is romans or greeks ( do n't use greco-roman for this time period ) influenced us . 
   stolen government institutions . 
  like ? 
   in short , no mediterranean culture outside europe controlling a coastline on the med today , existed at a time they could be conquered by the romans neither did most of europeans .
