  what do you have apart from you being the first kingdom to embrace christianity and being romans or our or soviets bitch . 
   you realize that killing people does n't remove their past from the region , right ? 
  nope it does n't . 
  because of that old greek and roman st\u0131ll is still draws people whilst things left from armenians not so much . 
   also , another case of whataboutism . 
  i love when people learn one term and repeats it constantly . 
   greek nation has given us western thought and civilization westerners created the western civilization . 
  seeing greece as the root is just enlightment bullshit . 
  i do n't know why they try to own a part ( not most bright part mind you ) of the common mediterranean heritage . 
  though westerners try to own rome too for some reason . 
   your anachronistic inclusion of anglicans into the religious boundaries that justinian drew ? 
  let me guess he also had opinions on scientology . 
  justinan did n't like heretics and anglicans are heretics for the modern orthodox church and would have been heretics ( they simply disagree with them on critical issues ) the roman church in the justinian 's time . 
  the point was his look to heresies idiot . 
   that just is n't how things are done bud , you do n't take a man out of his context and then assume what he will think in x , y , z situations . 
  i did ' t take him out of his context . 
  what do you think justinian would have think about a secterian sect of a secterian sect from the roman church exactly ? 
  you were the one who said `` also , yes , it would be totally humiliating to see the french and english walk through what was originally a ... church . '', 
  implying builders of that church would have been happy . 
   so far you sound like a foaming-at-the-mouth akp voter , and that 's unfortunate . 
  ugh stupid labeling . 
   inbox replies disabled , because i should n't have to deal with blind ethno-nationalists more than once a year in april hah . 
  i really got you to disable your inbox replies huh ? 
   sorry if i insult turkish blood pls no jail . 
  we do n't jail armenians you know , 
  probably but as of now ( if something unexpected does n't happen ) they expect it to survive the impending big earthquake . 
  it was restored throughly . 
  s\u00fcleymaniye mosque on the other hand is in a real danger of being destroyed in that earthquake . 
  they harmed it when they were building something close to it . 
  so see it whilst it still stands . 
   why would somebody need two mosques right next to each other ? 
  the sultanahmet ( blue ) mosque is just across the road , fully functional and much more impressive . 
  well first of all i personally do n't agree about hagia sophia being less impressive but the reason for that is political . 
  hagia sophia was the primary mosque and it had social and political importance . 
  it still does . 
  it being a museum is seen as turning our back to the past , as treachery . 
  which is quite silly . 
  as for sultanahmet and hagia sophia there were complexes around them which served as a fakirhane , baths , schools ( d\u00f6nemin ) etc. 
  though obviously those are relics of the past that ca n't be used but it was quite unnecessary to demolish some of them in the 50 's and 30 's . 
   no , herzl started by petitioning the ottoman sultan but that 's neither here nor there , in 1948 they still thought they were on the eve of victory . 
  what ? 
  i do n't understand what you are trying to say . 
  are you saying herz 's dealings with the porte was n't important ? 
  or are you saying arabs are the only one that counts ? 
   only when i hear turks talk like you , otherwise i could care less who owns the city . 
  we own the city . 
  i think we can talk about it . 
  ah yes 10 million greeks massacring a city of 15 million . 
  that would be fun . 
  turks did feel connected to it . 
  it is more than a trophy . 
  it is the primary mosque of the empire and the old hippodrome was the political gathering ground for the \u0130stanbulites and it was where padishah showed his power . 
  apart from that there is of course the complex around it which we built ( though half of it was destroyed in 50 's ) and our additions to the main building . 
  why would they do that if they did n't consider it important ? 
  hagia sophia was even more important then the mosques in mecca and jerusalem . 
  read procopius . 
  give back to who ? 
  to an * american * ? 
  why are you even here ? 
  indeed . 
   you 've read his mind have you ? 
  go apply for a job with the sultan , he will appreciate knowing the greek mind . 
  well it is quite clear by his actions at the end is n't it ? 
  you just do n't want to see it . 
  i do n't think he think about it as he thought about his end because at that time destroying hagia sophia would have been really hard . 
  you know no dynamite . 
   falling on one 's sword was a common enough practice in the greco-roman tradition , suggesting that it reflects his desires regarding hagia sophia is an interesting perspective . 
  he did n't fell on his sword that tradition died in the late antiquity . 
   maybe you should calm down a little then ? 
  why ? 
  reading things you wrote is enraging . 
   as its conversion into a mosque has shown -- it is n't a big deal . 
  what ? 
   greeks still have a proud nation and a national legacy that far overshadows those of its neighbors in its brilliance and grandeur , despite one church being `` walked in '' by a conquering force . 
  hahaha sure . 
  if we consider romans after the 4th century as greeks sure . 
   i 'm sure others with a less storied past will also survive such a `` humiliation . '', 
  we would have survived it ( and that less storied past coming from a armenian is quite rich ) but why suffer that ? 
  i did like you ignoring half of my answer by the way . 
  really ? 
  when you ( by you i mean western jews ) started zionism you think you dealt with arabs ? 
  did you ever heard of theodor herzl ? 
  ignoring your ignorance i must say what you said is just plain stupid and detached from reality but sure have your wet dreams about greeks taking \u0130stanbul . 
  in a way it is kinda funny considering the relationship between the ottoman greeks and ottoman jews . 
   destroy your country 's national and cultural heritage because you lost a contemporary war ? 
  i hope youre not serious , what 's the purpose of rebuilding a defeated nation if you have no history left . 
  back then fate of \u0130stanbul was n't clear then ( two years later ) in treaty of serves they demanded a `` international control '' ( read british-french ) . 
   i guess at least the original owners hundreds of years ago were n't as backwards in their thinking as the current owners today oh please . 
  had konstantine had the chance he would have done the same . 
  he did it on * himself * by voluntarily dying before capture . 
  which i applaud . 
   also , yes , it would be totally humiliating to see the french and english walk through what was originally a ... church . 
  at that time it was a mosque and the primary mosque in the empire having ceremonial and political importance . 
  thats why we were keen on defending it that much . 
  as i said before dynamite was the last resort . 
  and if we are going to talk about what it originally was i * think * justinian would n't be that happy about anglicans and catholics entering his church . 
  as we know he is n't known for his love for heretics . 
   the thought of it gets me really enraged . 
  it does get me enraged . 
  good luck taking it back \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af .
