  local history is nice sure but you need to learn more about generalplan ost . 
  gravitas is very important . 
  otherwise they 'll play you and display you in front of cameras like this . 
  i do n't understand what are you arguing about . 
  i was talking about fir and you are talking about border . 
  oh well it is not for us to decide anyway . 
  and thats not fir ( though technically border is in the fir ) thats border . 
  do you know what fir is ? 
   many people thank you for ending the junta btw . . weird greeks you are talking with . 
   also see my edit of the last post . 
  since this is not in the op 's article we ca n't know the details unfortunetly . 
   your logic is flawed and my time limited . 
  you did n't say anything about my logic . 
   good luck with your life . 
  good luck with your life too neighbour . 
   i never defended nazi war crimes , you defended and said you preffered nazis . 
  because , you said , you are `` aryan '' looking . 
   but in no dimension will i ever defend soviet war crimes . 
  no one defends soviet war crimes but saying they did n't liberate eastern europe is just silly . 
  poles still exist thanks to them . 
   i know the convention . 
  that 's why i know that we have to intercept every single one aircraft of your aircraft that enters the athens fir . 
  yet turkey whines about that and about greece intercepting you while you do n't have to submit flight plans . 
  article 3a of the icao convention : this convention shall be applicable only to civil aircraft , and shall not be applicable to state aircraft . 
  article 3b of the icao convention : aircraft used in military , custome and police services shall be deemed to be state aircraft . 
  https://www.icao.int/publications/documents/7300_orig.pdf you know jack shit about the convention . 
   it was juntas decision ... and every greek i have talked to says that the first invasion was justified . 
  second invasion was unnecessary and done while the week old hellenic republic was in negotiations with ecevit . 
  we are talking with different greeks then and juntas decision is your decision . 
  they did n't come from a foreign country . 
  hah maybe you should thank us for ending the junta . 
   the same way i can say that the armenian and pontic `` thing '' was your governments decision !, 
  no obviously not it was the pashas doing we are talking about different states here . 
  it was n't our current governments decision obviously but it was our state 's decision . 
  why would i deny that we are not the same state whilst we had to pay debt for decades for being the continuation of our old emprie ? 
   no its not unrelated ... one nation can recognize 2 different sea borders ... its ridiculous ... 
  it is unrelated just like the militarization of the islands . 
  and yes it can . 
  no one likes anyone in the balkans . 
  what is the alternative ? 
  best they can do is giving you lube . 
  ugh i am not talking about this with you agin . 
  you fulfilled my monthly nazi quota last time with your `` wehrmacht soldiers being kind to little girls '' images . 
  figures are open and clear anyway . 
  nazis labelled a very large percent of lithuanians and even larger percent of the poles as undesirables . 
  thankfully they could n't complete their plan . 
  russian jet was n't shot because it was in our fir ? 
  fir is not something you can invade with military aircraft . 
   if it was few aircraft doing that only once the yes no need . 
  but multiple aircraft doing so multiple time over and over can cause a serious issue with airtrafic . 
  all the greek government asks is for turkey to submit flight plans like it used to do before 74 . 
  and why is there a need for turkish airplanes to do so ? 
  it 's clear provocation do n't deny it . 
  even having to say inhabited greek islands belong to turkey makes the whole thing more malicious . 
  we simply do n't have to . 
  why should we do something we do n't have to , that we did n't sign to because you greeks are whining ? 
   if turkey respected international treaties she would accept a 10 miles nautical border like everyone else . 
  but no you have to have 6 in aegean and 12 in blacksea ... 
  this is unrelated so i 'll just copy my another answer to the same thing : `` this is like we bringing up your militarization of the islands when you talk about the maritime islands . 
  quite useless . 
  if we look at all the problems in the aegean as a whole we simply ca n't solve it . '', 
   and the whole thing with cyprus is also a stupid thing . 
  supporting sampson was your governments decision . 
  violating the treaty and allowing ( even supporting ) intercommunal violence had a consequence . 
  no one is happy about that consequence but it is better than the alternative . 
   this is why the whole europe hates you . 
  oh , please . 
  do you really think westerns have a good grip on whats going on between our nations ? 
  of course they do n't . 
  they never had . 
  these are our problems . 
  only we are going to solve it . 
   my point was that the us should remove those nukes seeing as turkey already shut the base down before that only happened during the cyprus war ( and it was n't closed just limited ) and apparently that did n't end us 's strategic interests in the base . 
  why would it ? 
   only a small number of us troops guard those nukes it is impossible to acquire those nukes without attacking us ( and why would we do that ? ) . 
  which is a death sentence . 
  even if we did we ca n't use them . 
  oh , please . 
  we simply ca n't kick us out . 
  it is beyond us but we can play with our german friends for same reasons . 
  you do n't sound like you are aware of that . 
  those are not german nukes they are american nukes . 
  indeed they did . 
  i talked with a nazi sympathizer lithuanian in this sub whose grandfather was a nazi sympathizer quite recently actually . 
  it really is n't . 
  this is like we bringing up your militarization of the islands when you talk about the maritime islands . 
  quite useless . 
  if we look at all the problems in the aegean as a whole we simply ca n't solve it . 
   i am sure . 
  pour your salt on your salmon though . 
  what salt ? 
   funny thing is that u claim u dont have to ask for permission / give information prior to getting in greek fir with millitary aircraft , you are free to check it out . 
  article 3 a of the chicago convention . 
   but greece is forbiden by some magical rule not to extend maritime borders to 12 nm , even though we dont have to ask anyone to do so , like literaly . 
  i know u love your country , understandable , but hey , at least be honest with yourself . 
  this is completely unrelated to the discussion . 
  i know you love your country but at least be honest with yourself . 
  soviet liberation of europe = this nazi occupation of europe = no slav, 
  this is just embarrassing . 
   fir means anyone who wishes to fly inside it needs to submit his flight plans beforehand .
