   greece 's girlfriend cyprus , well , thats fucked up . 
  cyprus is just 57 years old . 
  i can enter it : / though it would have been nice if they blocked turkish wikipedia . 
  it is a complete mess . 
   you assume they did , but it was n't stated . 
  oh , please it is pretty clear . 
   so , you think that christian , muslims , and jews are the only `` cultures '' in the world ? 
  that 's quite a small world you have there . 
  no but op probably thinks it like that probably with `` mongoloids '' as a addition . 
   even if they did mean muslims , ottomans are not only not a thing anymore , but , even when they were , they only constituted a small part of the world 's muslim population ( excluding the non-muslim ottomans , of course ) . 
  ottomans had a huge part of the muslim population and they have a very important place in how westerners imagine `` muslims '' ( like thats one thing ) . 
  i do n't mean greeks of course our relation is much more complicated . 
   stoning a woman for commiting adultery and/or being raped by a man who is n't her husband ( which is not treated differently under many versions of sharia law ) is definitely a thing today . 
  but it was n't a thing in the ottoman empire . 
  if it was in the op 's imaginary `` muslims '' why ottomans did n't have it ? 
  were they heretics ? 
  and no in many f\u0131qh `` rape '' and `` adultery '' are quite different . 
  i think he implied muslims . 
  the other candite ( jews ) seems unlikely and i find it quite insulting that he thinks ottoman judicary punished rape victims with stoning . 
  there is one example of punishing adultery with rajm ( i ca n't know about the extrajudicial ones of course ) in the ottoman empire called `` vak ` a-i recm '' ( 1091/1680 ) which was a clusterfuck that resulted in a minor rebellion and execution of few bureaucrats and qadis . 
  who knows how much this differ from the real deal . 
  for a language that influenced latin so much it sounds quite un-latinish . 
  find me one example of rape victim punished by stoning in the ottoman empire and i 'll eat my left leg . 
  or the right one it is your choice . 
  assuming you mean muslims instead of jews of course . 
  i think the problem is in the last decade we ( and by we i mean the whole country ) learned who we should take seriously and who we should n't whilst you are new to this . 
  you should n't take yi\u011fit bulut seriously . 
  though i do n't know who am i going to take seriously anymore . 
  we are a larger country which adds more diversity . 
  greece is like western aegean region but there is also black sea coast , mediterranean region ( for swimming it is different than the aegean ) and southeastern anatolia to visit historical places or eat delicious food . 
  oh and \u0130stanbul of course . 
   so your planes are kind of obligated to either conform to commercial aviation standards or request permission to do military exercises in our fir . 
  no we do n't . 
  civil planes do but military planes do n't have to . 
  check out the article 3-a of the icao convention . 
   yeah , clearly ... that 's why i linked to the wiki page about the disputed territory in the aegean sea , right ? 
  because i was only talking about the fir ... right ?!, 
  in your first answer to me you quoted icao 's relevant article to the old article 3 hence i thought we were talking about the fir ? 
  are we talking about imia or greek militarization of the islands too because you linked a page ? 
   you are dense , mate . 
  who do you think decides to ignore the rules of good airmanship ? 
  but : they all stop doing that , when they decide to cross into the athensfir ... i wonder why ?!, 
  there is no `` rule '' . 
  as you said we are not obliged at all . 
  their whole point about this is that we are obliged ( i send you the relevant link ) . 
  your `` be a good sport '' rhetoric is quite irrelevant to the discussion . 
  the whole 10nm wide airspace claim is a whole different thing . 
  we are talking about fir right know . 
   my fuckin god , you are really slow ... you are mixing up different things . 
  you and i were clearly talking about the fir since the begining . 
  so do n't try to spin this now . 
  the other thing is a different subject . 
   regarding the icao regs : simply because they are making exceptions for military aircraft , does n't mean , that military pilots have the right to ignore them . 
  you know , grownup air forces are using restricted airspaces no darling . 
  they can do whatever the fuck they want about this . 
  if we want to inform them we 'll do . 
  if we do n't we dont . 
  thats in our right which is the whole point . 
   your air force decides to not do that and to behave like a 12 year old asshole and the only excuse they have is `` it 's not illegal '' trollface.jpeg our air force can acts in a way that is in their right . 
  hence trying to insult them ( with quite `` human '' insults . 
  you know the states are not human right ? ), 
  about this is quite meaningles . 
  our world works through regulations and agreements . 
  in here neither of those are present . 
  no the persion i replied to talked about the article without reading or understanding it . 
  op said we violated their airspace whilst this is a different thing that adheres to different rules . 
  the quote i send you * literally * mentions fir . 
  fir literally means flight information zone . 
   i also reported you though , how dare you ?!, 
  i ca n't believe this . 
  this is just unbelievable . 
   i dont like people like you here . 
  well , i can see you are a very lovely person . 
  thats what i wonder too . 
  the amount of jets are not many ( `` four turkish f-16 , two cn-235 aircraft and a helicopter entered athens ' fir without submitting a flight plan - see more at : http://greece.greekreporter.com/2017/04/26/hndgs-turkish-fighter-jets-violate-greek-national-airspace-71-times/#sthash.rfavavnc.dpuf '' ) but the amount of activity is more than the usual . 
   the greeks are claiming that your aircraft violated their airspace . 
  your government does n't want to accept the greeks ' view about what consists as their airspace . 
  that 's one side of the story . 
  like i said , from a legal point of view the greeks actually have a point . 
  the turks simply keep ignoring it . 
  no as you know fir is different from their territory . 
  greece does n't claim that they have a right on fir that no one else has . 
  you do n't know what you are talking about . 
  http://www.mfa.gr/en/issues-of-greek-turkish-relations/relevant-documents/athens-fir.html  you then brought up the icao regs . 
  and you are right , that the icao regs are not binding for military aircraft , regarding certain issues . 
  nevertheless , they are requring military pilots to cooperate with civilian aircraft and ats and turks and russians regularly decicde to ignore that aswell . 
  no they do not require that . 
  they ca n't as the article i quoted says because they omitted state aircraft at the beginning . 
  greece does n't claim that either . 
   so all in all , you can run around and say `` nah nah , i do n't care , we are n't doing anything illegal '' , but it does n't change the fact , that it is actually up for interpretation and it also does n't change the fact , that it makes you the `` bad guys '' for endangering civilian lives just to fuck around with the greek air force . 
  we are n't doing anything illegal indeed . 
  which means greece crying `` rape ! '', 
  is quite stupid . 
  we do n't need to do that just to fuck with the winged yunan because our flights in aegean is our fucking right . 
  i ca n't understand what you are complaining about . 
  you said i am right ? 
  ugh you are oblivious to the problem . 
  learn what fir means . 
  or just read what both governements say about this issue : http://www.mfa.gr/en/issues-of-greek-turkish-relations/relevant-documents/athens-fir.html http://www.mfa.gov.tr/air-space-related-related-problems.en.mfa important bit from the greeks : `` in accordance with icao rules and international practice , greece requests that all civil and military aircraft should submit flight plans prior to their entry into the athens fir for reasons of safety for civilian flights . '', 
  important bit from us : `` however , article 3/a of the icao convention says `` this convention shall be applicable only to civil aircraft and shall not be applicable to state aircraft '' .
