  this is true for personal planes and airliners to military aircraft . 
  turkey by not doing so is in the wrong do n't try to hide behind intentional laws . 
  also when was the last time a greek aircraft passed through turkish fir ? 
  no military airplanes do n't have to submit their airplans . 
  you can check article 3a of the chicago convention . 
  had they gave greeks proper education we would n't have to deal with all this . 
   i 've said it before , probably to you . 
   requesting permission and submitting flight plans before flying planes ( any plane ) in the greek fir is literally all that the aviation authorities are asking for , otherwise it 's totally legal to turn your planes back as happens . 
  this is n't to say that fir is the same as territorial airspace . 
  nobody is saying that . 
   however it is customary for countries not at war , who tend to work with commercial aviation , to call their fir airspace , since for all practical purposes it might as well be . 
  google european airspace for example . 
  you 'll see nothing but fir maps . 
  and it 's not ignorant users that post these either , the first results are from eurocontrol and the european commission . 
  but the point is we simply do n't have to . 
  convention does n't include military airplanes . 
  why are you whining exactly ? 
   oh , we know what fir is . 
  that 's why we know the rules of it as well . 
  can we say that for turkey though ? 
  it is pretty clear you do n't know the rules . 
  if you did you would have known that military airplanes do n't have to submit their flight plans . 
  you are free to check the convention . 
   `` according to greek press reports , 20 turkish f-16 , 5 cn-235 maritime surveillance aircraft and 19 helicopters entered the athens flight information region ( fir ) without submitting a flight plan . '', 
  this shit again ? 
  you greeks need to learn what fir is . 
  edit :  the vessels , which were taking part in a maritime exercise code-named denizkurdu ( seawolf ) , stayed in greek territorial waters for about 20 minutes . 
  as kathimerini journal reported , last month agathonisi was described as a `` turkish island '' by turkey 's minister of european union affairs omer celik . 
  this was unnecessary though . 
  both d\u00f6ner and kebab existed long before gastarbeiter . 
  i am talking about sixties ( compared to 70 's in germany ) . 
  in the last 60 years basically half of eastern turkey migrated to \u0130stanbul . 
  as a result cuisine changed a lot and the real cuisine of \u0130stanbul got drowned . 
  if you ask a old \u0130stanbulite they 'll say they ca n't remember kebab or d\u00f6ner in their childhood . 
   turkification was still taking place until the 1940 's . 
  turkification is still taking place and you need a skull on that flag . 
   all of the sudden everyone was now an arab overnight . 
  arabization and islamization of parts of middle east took a looong time . 
  why do you try to open a never ending discussion about who descends from whom ? 
  you know what i meant : turkish speaking christians who were unfortunetly send to greece during m\u00fcbadele . 
  which is not very shocking . 
  kebab and d\u00f6ner got popular in \u0130stanbul a decade or so before it got popular in germany . 
  and karamanlides . 
  this article did not convince me . 
  it is too light on numbers and too heavy on anectodes of few people . 
  show me the numbers . 
  op called israel a `` country '' so i asked him why did he call israel a `` country '' . 
  there are double quote marks in there as you can see . 
  i can read and i ca n't understand what you are trying to say . 
  where did i said we should disqualify israel ? 
  france , like most of europe , is a old state and it is quite normal and nice to carry on some traditions . 
  tradition tradition !, 
  what ? 
  no that having common part was about your original post not about recognition . 
  majority of the world and the overwhelming majority of the world that matters recognizes israel . 
  it is quite a country and i think germans , french and brits have more in common with ashkenazi jews than they have with greeks . 
  why do you call israel '' `` country '' '' ? 
  we lost it to london in the early 19th century . 
  apart from that i do n't know any city that eclipsed istanbul from 16th century to 19th . 
  in europe of course . 
   i still do n't understand why are you involving germany , france , italy , we 're all european , i look at myself as european we 're one people , which you 're not part off . 
  it has nothing to do with lithuania or ottoman empire life span . 
  you can look at yourself as european but you are just a lithuanian . 
  you try to feel superior with other nations achievements ? 
  thats just pathetic . 
  why stop there then ? 
  just embrace all humanity . 
  at least thats something i can respect . 
  and you still did n't answer why the thing you send did n't include mediterranean people . 
   wait , wait , drinking beer , giving soap is now collaboration with nazis ? 
  no it indicates it and your bullshit confirms that . 
   are you really that fucking retarded ? 
  i should n't feel bad about her ? 
   yes , you actually are , that really , retarded . 
  what did you expect me to wish for him ? 
  a long life ? 
   because jews were foreign , they supported first soviet invasion , one of the infamous jew - nachman dushanski , created hell on earth for lithuanians :  according to the coroner 's examination after the exhumation , both the report and the testimonies of witnesses , concurred that the soviets cut off tongues , ears , genitals , scalps , put genitals into mouths , picked out eyes , pulled off fingernails , made belts of victims ' skins to tie their hands , burned them with torches and acid , crushed bones and skulls , all done while the prisoners were still alive. , the organizers of the massacre included pyotr raslan , boris mironov , nachman dushanski , political leader of 8th border army mikhail kompanyanec , nkvd kretinga county deputy director yermolayev , nkvd lieutenant zhdanov and others . 
  and you expect me to believe your grandfather did n't report jews . 
   that 's not an idiom and there does n't exist such thing in our language , because we neither commit crimes , nor do we need to hide . 
  wait idioms do n't exist in lithuanian ? 
  really ? 
  that sounds wrong and i still do n't understand what you are trying to say . 
   where do you see me talking bad stuff about them ? 
  italians and greeks are as much european as i 'm , all the shit sits on turkey . 
  well because your `` pan-european heaven '' did n't include them and you spoke about them like you did . 
  for the last three replies were about this so you are just backpedalling now . 
  having said that i found this still hilarious and annoying . 
  what do you think you have compared to us actually ? 
  if you think commonwealth is all yours first you are wrong , secondly still they pale in comparison ( especially in their length ) to the ottoman empire . 
  they were a good rival though . 
  travel to turkey , greece , italy , france , britain and germany . 
  it 'll do good to you . 
   none , he neither hid nor was searching for jews . 
  he did n't take a weapon until soviets raped and murdered my grandmother . 
  you 're wishing my grandfather a suffering death because he gave soap to nazis ? 
  jesus , get grip on your mental state . 
  i think it is quite clear your grandfather was a collaborator from you and him hanging out with germans . 
  so do n't lie . 
  your grandmother on the other hand probably did n't do anything . 
  sad to see someone punished for his husbands crimes .
