  maybe we 'll take it back after you turn her into a derelict town again . 
  it is not 100 dollar we are talking about , brits and french are not thieves and the event is not stealing . 
  thats a bad analogy . 
  no it is not used as a mosque in any time . 
  there is a little part next to it ( h\u00fcnkar kasr\u0131 ) and it is used as a mosque from time to time . 
   1 ) it does n't ease the defeat if you blow it up you lose it forever because of your pride at one moment in time . 
  i would have ease the defeat if that happened . 
  humilation of they occupying \u0130stanbul was enough . 
  why give them hagia sophia ? 
  you really should look at the descripton of liturgy in the dictionary . 
  i think you are mixing it with religious music . 
  if you want to listen authentic ( because of the weakness in our - greeks , armenians , turks etc - old notation system it has to be thought from teacher to student ) old orthodox music you should go to fener . 
  what do you mean why ? 
  it would be fucking humilating to see english and french in there thats why . 
  it was the last option first they had to pass through the gatling gun ( or whatever it was called during wwi ) . 
  thankfully it did n't happen . 
  i do wonder from time to time if there is a dynamite they forgot down there . 
  ah yes the occupation that we are going to celebrate 564th year this month . 
  what ? 
  and i think your previous answer is removed . 
  in the aftermath of the world war i allies occupied \u0130stanbul from november 1918 to september 1923 . 
   performing a leitourgy is not only about religion liturgy is about religion . 
   i would respect someone elses beliefs , symbols and ideas even if they were opposite to mine . 
  thats a reason you should consider besides brutal millitary force what brutal force ? 
  where did i defended brutal force ? 
   i have no idea why u mention things that happen in 1453 , i really hoped we botth lived in 2017 . 
  you mentioned old things just by saying it `` deserves to be a christian church '' . 
   my point is western vs eastern way of thinking , evaluating the guy who makes culture more than the guy who pays the money , it begun in ancient greece and that why u know iktinos for parthenon you think that more people knowing justinian is the `` eastern way of thinking '' ? 
  so more people knowing hadrian 's gate or hadrian 's wall as such is the eastern way of thinking or arc de triomphe being remembered as napoleon 's is the eastern way of thinking . 
  do n't be silly . 
   u dont know the architect of the pyramids of giza you ? 
  who is me ? 
  do you think ancient egypt fits into your corrupt way of viewing the world ? 
  truth to be told you thinking yourself as `` western '' is quite funny . 
   its a way of thinking that did not serve as well in the byzantine empire for many reasons , thus hagia sophia is called a justinian temple only by reference . 
  it does serve it very well considering people remember justinan instead of anthemius . 
  do you honestly believe more people remember anthemius ? 
   if u want to talk about architecture though u wont talk about justinian but about anthemius . 
  end of story . 
  its that simple . 
  what ? 
   there are more reasons this temple deserves to be a christian church than a muslim mosque . 
  why ? 
  it was build by romans as a church . 
  then we conquered it , repaired it and used it as the primary mosque ( which is the reason why it is a museum now ) . 
  truth to be told i would be more happy if they closed it to the people completely . 
  all those breath and sweat is damaging to it . 
  we 'll probably destroy it before you having the last laugh . 
  during the occupation there were dynamites under it that we planted just before the occupation . 
  they are cleaned now of course . 
  yes !, 
  not really . 
  michelangelo is famous like other `` renaissance fathers '' and there is a reason for that but in the case of hagia sophia people simply does n't remember anthemius instead of justinian . 
  well the question you should ask first is why turkey does n't allow its usage as a mosque . 
  no they would pray in it as a retaliation . 
  whenever a pope visists we have people who try to pray in it . 
  but thats just not how it works . 
  how many people remember anthemius instead of justinian ? 
  why do you cry barbaros ? 
  i do . 
  i think he was painted as such by our sources beacuse of his actions as a ruler . 
  it is not the worse thing he was labelled as considering secret history . 
  probably yes ? 
  indeed but we remember it as a contribution of justinian . 
  names of the rulers last longer like the hadrian 's wall ( which was n't a huge wall ) . 
  well it was well maintained throught its history apart from the aftermath of the 4th crusade to our conquest . 
  even with that i think if sinan did n't exist it would n't have survived the devastating earthquakes in the 17th and 18th century . 
  you know in the 17th century i suppose there was discussion about attacking \u0130stanbul in the polish parliment ( what was its name again ? ) . 
  polish nobles saw it as a attempt to install tyranny because the city was famous for its `` absolute '' ( the truth is however power of the roman emperors or ottoman padishahs dependent on a intricate power game and protocols ) rulers . 
  justinian was a native latin speaker though and did not like greeks . 
  though i do n't think thats really true . 
  i really ca n't see it . 
  it is not `` o\u011flusinirli '' . 
  it is sinirlio\u011flu not sinirlio\u011ful . 
  i ca n't see our war threat in here and the surname of the guy who signed this means `` son of the angry ( man ) '' . 
  `` it 's a joke ! '', 
  ah , yes dating shows : cornerstone of the western civilization . 
  having said that banning shows is not very nice . 
  sure everyone hates dating shows ( or this is what they say ) but who knows maybe tomorrow they will ban something else . 
   reversing back to it 's barbaric middle eastern stage . 
  i ca n't remember that stage . 
  maybe you are mixing it with our barbaric inner asia stage ? 
  looting chinese land , fighting mongolians for domination , making alliance with the romans against the persians ... those were the days . 
   show me exactly the phrase that i used that denies the actions of sampson . 
  i am waiting ... anytime now ...  you deny the fact that sampson massacred turks . 
  you are trying to equate it with his coup . 
   both greeks and turks commited brutal crimes against each other . 
  not to mention sampson commited crimes against other greeks too . 
  you deny it by equating it to a side effect of the coup . 
   as i said . 
  you may want to appeal to feelings . 
  that does n't change the fact that as i said there is a reason your state stands alone on this issue . 
  all i am doing is calling a spade a spade . 
  it is cute that you think appealing feelings is a evil thing . 
  do you think yourself as a big grown man that does n't care about feelings my little one ? 
  popular support to the our landing was that said feelings exactly . 
  which stemed from the massacres . 
  my state is indeed alone in this issue . 
  this does n't mean they must be wrong . 
  tell me what would have been preferable ?
