  it always amazes me how / r/europe can always find a way to blame the turks . 
  good job . 
  you 're welcome . 
  dutch needs to follow your lead and thank for tulips as well . 
  ottoman is absolutely halal . 
  filthy habsburg on the other hand is devil 's spawn, 
  why would glorious ottoman want haram meat ? 
  i 'll have peace on those terms, 
  well , there 's a very easy way to deal with balkan shenenigans . 
  if you would just sign here ... 
  i need that in my life . 
  our shish gets boring easily . 
  what are those ? 
  majority of you vote for putin . 
  though i should n't probably say anything . 
  majority of us vote for erdogan at the end . 
  water 4 lyfe, 
  this post is a blatant lie !, 
  we have not learned secularism at all . 
  it is not even racist to say that . 
  though i meant the governments , not the people themselves . 
  bad word choice on my part . 
  turkic people are always the same . 
  it 's like finding a shiny vilayet, 
  i should type tunisia there . 
  nobody would know for certain where i 'm from . 
  [ uhh ] ( http://imgur.com/2o40sm7 ) reddit is fun should support flairs . 
  also i ca n't promise on the invasion thingy , all world must be glorious turk . 
  when did the turks invade switzerland lol ? 
  tfw turkey is colder than lithuania . 
  we 're a fucking mediterrenean nation damnit . 
  if russians supporters done something like this you 'd accept it instantly . 
  bulgaria also done similar ( but not comparable in scale ) thing to turkish minority . 
  they dont want to be seen as hypocrites . 
  yeah . 
  bears are so cute !, 
  is there a hope for sweden, 
  french national anthem is fucking based . 
  on par with soviet anthem . 
  maybe you should . 
  you would see that armenian genocide is in fact , not a genocide, 
   this is what bavarians find funny rest of the germans were right about you . 
  well no of course not . 
  a certain stigma exists tho, 
  but there are still jokes about germany and nazi germany . 
  maybe because it is more recent than any other genocide or massacre but the stigma exists . 
  because i do n't want to be labeled as genocider . 
  which will happen no doubt . 
  i probably should . 
  i definitely wo n't . 
  oh it has become millions already . 
  impressive dead can breed this efficiently . 
  was it 10 million armenians and 5 million greeks ? 
  or was it billion ? 
  nobody thinks turkey is responsible they think turks are , which is the same thing . 
  we will do it just fine , thank you very much . 
  it should be 14/10 . 
  land grabbing on that region is never pointless . 
  and yeah , relations are better now . 
  / r/europe is generally more friendlier than / r/worldnews . 
  which is weird because / r/worldnews is mostly american and europeans have more reasons to hate us than americans . 
   ( if they ever fight again ) this makes me sad . 
  the wars were such a great source of butthurt for all . 
  if i it were up to me i 'd recognize it asap , mostly to erase the stigma . 
  only if you join the glorious ottoman republic . 
  he is . 
  we 're not actually genocidal maniacs , contrary to popular belief . 
  just not against us . 
  any majority muslim country , really . 
  i doubt the international community would care much about a muslim country . 
  do you honestly believe armenian genocide and holocaust are the only genocides there is ? 
   turkish pm that 's your problem . 
  expecting rulers of turkey to be reasonable, 
  go live in your capitalist heaven china then . 
  2.9 aint that bad . 
  armenia , 
  they emphasize it too much . 
  sometimes to the point of claiming turkish stuff . 
  this wont go well . 
  shush now erdel . 
  parents talking . 
  well you 're the habsburg . 
  of course you 'd accept . 
  go back to youtube . 
   inb4 go back to central asia, 
  and orthodoxy . 
  this is some german level bullshit . 
  neither is cyprus . 
  or is every island automatically in europe ? 
   pkk  commies, 
  is denying armenian genocide allowed in comments ? 
  what about srebrenica ? 
  there are not enough evidence for you ? 
  god , such a hypocrite . 
  your people are just too hostile to non-austrians, 
  i think it was intentional, 
  not really though . 
  i fucking love greeks and greece . 
  now austrians , that is a different matter ... 
  yeah !,
