then they should n't complain when nsa spied on them . 
  same with pineapple . 
  emphasize on fortunately . 
  fortunately never then . 
  expat may be wrong here . 
  i mean those second generation turks in germany for example . 
  well , i am against expats voting as well . 
  i mean does this even happen with other countries , can austrian expats vote for austrian elections ? 
  that 's just mean . 
  that is not a bad thing no ? 
  i want to stop the syrian immigration as well for example . 
  i have mentioned the other factors though , no ? 
  the main reason is clearly religion and conservatism . 
  i was talking about a referandum validated by turkish government but i guess that would be too good to be true . 
  sorry for being so harsh in the previous comment . 
  majority of the population is religious , have some profits by supporting akp , are bribed ( akp government gives coal to villagers for votes ) or find erdogan charismatic . 
  if chp had a more competent leader we would see an increase of votes in the next election , since davutoglu ( current leader of akp ) is n't exactly a charmer . 
  but mostly because the population is religious tbh . 
  turkey is n't some secular paradise westerners often think as . 
  majority is still conservative . 
  though this is slowly changing , the new generations are actually pretty secular and atheism is on the rise . 
  you seem to ignore all the non-turks who downvoted you as well . 
  do n't you fucking get it ? 
  turkish army will leave if the government wants , it does n't matter if we are ashamed or not . 
  eh whatever , i seen you enough in this sub to know how this will go . 
  you simply refuse to be logical and think you can remove the hairy stinky big bad turks from your islands by complaining about turks in the internet all day . 
  you are accomplishing shit . 
  furthermore , you seem to be completely oblivious to turkish part of the island . 
  you do n't care if they want turkish troops there or not . 
  frankly , the best solution is to hold a referendum on the northern part to determine wheter if the populace want our troops to stay or not . 
  no you do n't . 
  you would not be complaining if you liked it . 
  to the ignorant perhaps . 
  yeah , because this thread is completely unbiased . 
  dude , seriously ? 
  ottomans were the knly rapers and pillagers to you ? 
  definitely not biased at all . 
  butthurt is too real . 
  sweden yes !, 
  no i do n't support the same in cyprus . 
  they have bases on cyprus . 
  i did just say the occupation was not justified , and you 're saying trnc exists only in my and other turks heads ? 
  and you 're saying this without caring about that small bit regarding uk . 
  excuse ? 
  that was an entirely justified move for intervention . 
  we could n't turn away while you were oppressing turks living there . 
  though i guess continued occupation is not justified , you can say that to british as well . 
  and i do n't see you complaining about them . 
  and yet you despise the current occupation force even though they 're there because greek cypriots tried to opress turkish cypriots , which is obviously bad for your beloved country . 
  i 'm sure a good turkish government would intervene if se turkey got de facto independent to make them de jure and de facto turkish again . 
  do n't see how karabakh matters to us . 
   i do n't care a bit about you , your country and your opinion . 
  aww , if you did n't care about my country why do you want us to leave this much ? 
   until your occupation force leaves from here , that is . 
  like i said i do n't have control over that . 
  a fact you seems to be completely oblivious to . 
  i do n't care one bit about your island and i do n't care if we have a force in the island or not . 
  not like i am in the position to remove turkish forces from there anyway . 
  what i am saying is that you 're delusional if you think northern cyprus does n't exist . 
  de jure means shit . 
  yes . 
  aka north cyprus . 
  bosnia *, 
  u wot m8, 
  that was a joke . 
  does that mean turkey is the most european nation ever ? 
  huh , i thought it was fully turkish . 
  a religious person could easily justify it . 
  right decision for who ? 
  i mean i support it but you ca n't just go `` right decision '', 
  majority does not read the article . 
  -40 in erzurum , which is east . 
  it does n't get that low in other cities . 
  i fully agree . 
  minarets make everything awkward . 
  though we probably would not hold vienna to add cathedrals minarets . 
  we were already very overextended . 
  i 'm right on the meme side in the political spectrum . 
  why deal with leftists or rightist when you can enjoy some dank memes i say . 
  no stoppings on the glorious ottoman war machine . 
  armenian genocide was not an example of racism . 
  thank mr slovene, 
  rape and pillage ? 
  do n't forget annexing balkans pls !, 
  here 's how to do :\\ ^ ) , racistbro . 
  put a : , then \\ , then \\ ^ , then ) so like this but there is no space between them : : \\ \\ ^ ), 
  at least we have a culture instead of copying the brits , 
  also / int /, 
   ( and for 1683 ) u wot m8, 
  i 'm pretty sure we can win this time , so yes please . 
  hey , at least we are independent !, 
  it kinda makes me sad . 
  yes they saw us as the invaders but we were the top invaders . 
  now we only come in second place . 
  i mean the turkish military occupation bit . 
  that was largely irrelevant . 
  armenian genocide is irrelevant to this subject . 
  turks can obviously be racist but that does not mean armenian genocide gets spammed by lots of people . 
  people mention it because they know it will anger turks , nothing more . 
  the reason we do n't give a fuck about armenian genocide is because people spam it everywhere even if the subject is not about it .
