  get ur facts straight, 
  repression was at its worst in the 1950s . 
  1980s repression is a walk in the park compared to good old papa stalins time, 
  jeez im happy i went i went to stockholm like 4 years ago . 
  didnt see any then and quite happy about it, 
  its very simple : language . 
  the lower classes ca n't speak english or german so they go somewhere where the language is the closest and easiest to learn . 
  honestly out of all the things happening this is actually quite positive . 
  i hate seeing old churches falling in disrepair or worse getting turned into bars ( real story ) . 
  and im not even religious . 
  hey hey hey they were being moved to romania . 
  get the lie correct :p, 
  ues we most certainly do . 
  things like kkk , scientology , nazism etc should never exist and i have no issues with having them completely outlawed . 
  these french mayors are way too late though . 
  they should have never allowed mass migration from the maghreb in the first place . 
  its dumb to allow such migration and expect those people to live the french way of secular life . 
  and thank the stars for that . 
  wearing swastikas is def not ok and is rightfuly banned . 
  i was reading that the attacker had gone to syria as part of some so called aid effort called rochdale 2 syria, 
  umm no . 
  invasion of czechoslovakia was also ` requested ' but that does not make it any legitimate . 
  i am talking about population genuinely wanting the troops to be there . 
  to the point that the american troops are pretty much film stars in places they go in eastern europe . 
  people have beem waiting for the americans to come for 50 years in some places , literally . 
  you lost me at the last bit . 
  how do you compare slava ukraini to sieg heil ? 
  in the link you provided it says it means glory to ukraine and comes from the time of the russian civil war . 
  i see nothing nazi related to it all just that it was also used in 1944 . 
  yeah as much as i am against brexit this is just lunacy !, 
  good on theresa may for hitting back !, 
  borders are there for a reason, 
  wow that is dissappointing !, 
  whats the usual medal tally of portugal ? 
  im guesing more than 1, 
  you for real ? 
  the us troops are there with permission and requested . 
  soviet troops were pretty much occupants . 
  how is that the same thing ? 
  i am blown away by the fact that the police just allow this to happen, 
  very interesting thanks !, 
  well im sorry but i just do n't see it that way . 
  if it was me i would ban all islamic immigration . 
  i am quite biased so maybe i am not the person to talk to . 
  and i say this regretfully as i have a very good muslim friend . 
  that being said so many of the things he and especially his family stan d for are absolutely abominable . 
  why is it stupid ? 
  why ca n't the native people of a country disagree with a foreign custom ? 
  if say italian people disagreed with say a chinese alien-worshipping cult wearing neopren suits then it is within their right to ban that neopren suit if it does not fit in with their culture . 
  so what 's wrong with that ? 
  italy is a catholic country and as such the nuns are natives following a native religion . 
  well said, 
  i did n't say he was . 
  but i said i would n't be surprised . 
  since he fits the mold perfectly . 
  as the posts below mention the russian penetration and indoctrination of left academia was very deep . 
  and there are sure to be left overs after the fall of the ussr . 
  yes the early xxth century had their fair share of them . 
  you would think we have learned by now, 
  you may be right . 
  but i just ca n't help but think that every thing he says juts fits in with kremlin narratives perfectly . 
  and his communication chief is a self-confessed stalinist . 
  so yeah either useful idiots or blatant russian moles . 
  actually he did . 
  the moment he murdered a foreign citizen on your soil using radioactive materials . 
  honestly it would not surprise me one bit if he turns out to be a russian mole . 
  the soviet infiltration programs in the british academia and left wing were very succesful . 
  i am sure there would be still a few left-overs . 
  and corbyn sure smells like one . 
  a sport that is popular only in a few countries is still not olympic worthy . 
  a sport like rugby is way more popular worldwide and is not an olympic sport . 
  it is outside of us and japan . 
  no one cares about baseball, 
  yaaaayy, 
  man this is sad, 
  yes great leaders stronk make yurop stronk !, 
  unfortunately democracy has its faults . 
  universal voting being one of them . 
  minimum knowledge thresholds for voting would save a lot of grief and also give more legitimacy to voting . 
  to be fair to an eastern european british food is pretty much inedible, 
  i would much rather be confused with our car brand than the current situation, 
  haha yeah actually the area was still called dacia in the xviith century on maps . 
  but during the national awakening in the xixth century there was a choice to call the country dacia or romania . 
  but the great influence of france and also the latin legacy was really promoted so the country was named romania . 
  i would be more than happy to go back to dacia just to get rid of the stigma . 
  mind you the gypsies in romania do not identify themselves with the roma name , they call themselves ` tigani ' . 
  not all but many of them . 
  there is a lot of pretty and skinny girs everywhere . 
  i just did a euro trip to uk , france , italy , spain and i still prefer romanian girls . 
  you just described romania lol lucky you guys are n't called romania . 
  that stuff screws us up so badly . 
  on one side everyone thinks we are gypsies and on the other everyone thinks we are oppressing the gypsies . 
  literally no way out, 
  is it that bad in spain ? 
  jeez sucks for us when an ethnic group representing 4 % of the population gets a rap like that, 
  but you are only touching on the seaside part . 
  the nature and historical cities in transilvania blow that stuff out of the water, 
  absolutely normal, 
  also , romania changed sides on 23 august 1944 due to a royal coup . 
  the romanian army then started fighting against germans and pushed them out of bucharest .
