  well you have been continuously commenting the same reply to several people . 
  if you said once that 's fine . 
  but you kept saying the same thing . 
  hence why i replied to you . 
  i am aware the uk is already multicultural but now they have decided that they need to curb the foreign imports that ca n't and wo n't learn english . 
  and i believe it is specifically targeted at bengalis and pakistanis as they are the vast majority of ppl doing this . 
  no of course it is not impossible . 
  but what you do n't seem to understand is that specific groups of people do n't want or do n't care to do it . 
  so the uk rightly decided they do n't agree with this . 
  not everyone wants their country to become a multicultural multilanguage utopia . 
  if sweden wants that fine . 
  but why ca n't you respect the uk for not wanting it ? 
  very well said . 
  you choose to migrate , you live with the consequences . 
  to breed out the native population, 
  why ? 
  because what will happen is that they move there and then they never learn the language . 
  i have seen this time and time again . 
  this is english we are talking about . 
  a language which is not very difficultvto learn the basics . 
  your joking right ? 
  people should not be allowed to settle without having a functional knowledge ofvthe family . 
  no surprise here . 
  same dumbass impotent law enforcement . 
  just like last year in sydney where a crazed islamist killed 2 people and he had been previously arrested . 
  i know it was just a joke . 
  todays terrorism is quite different to the freedom fight of the 19th-early 20th century, 
  i 've seen the videos of how ethnic germans are treated in ethnic majority schools and it was not pretty . 
  being humiliated by people ypu welcome into your own country !, 
  i think the austrian royal house would like to have a word about your comment / s bad joke sorry, 
  well muhammed physically wrote it but the text is not his . 
  he just wrote what he was told . 
  at least thats what muslims believe . 
  ok i was referring more to the sunni salafists in my post which do not agree with any interpretation other than the literal view . 
  no you are wrong . 
  muhammed wrote what god told him . 
  he was just the messenger not the author . 
  the bible is a collection of various stories written from various points of view ( hence we gave different accounts of the same event ) . 
  there are sections in which the word of god is revealed to various persons . 
  guess each to his own . 
  but i for sure want my grandchildren which will be around in 100 years to live in a good place . 
  also want to preserve my culture and heritage . 
  whats the point of living otherwise ? 
  you are very wrong . 
  muslims believe that the quran is the word of god !, 
  it can not be ignored or interpreted . 
  christians do not believe the bible was written by god . 
  big difference . 
  yeah they are turkish . 
  when was the last turkish suicide attack ? 
  ca n't even put them in the same boat . 
  this is an arab specific problem first and foremost . 
  that is a terrible way to think . 
  what about your children ? 
  family ? 
  culture ? 
  legacy ? 
  no it wo n't it will just be islamic and middle eastern with flourishing population . 
  do n't you dare compare serbians , croats etc to afghans !, 
  sounds like bizarro world, 
  why funny ? 
  ee wants its own people not some foreign people that have a different culture , religion , way of life etc, 
  why usa ? 
  from where i am standing germany seems 10x better . 
  usa is an ocean away and they only get 2 weeks leave per year . 
  i feel ashamed by this type of people . 
  no matter how shit your country is ( and its not even that bad compared to others ) there are plenty of reasons to still preserve the culture . 
  especially if you go to an immigrant country like the us . 
  amen to that . 
  those type of people had a poor attitude to start with . 
  i do n't know sometimes people take this to ridiculous levels . 
  i get the frustration but still it 's dumb . 
  i know people coming from freaking war torn iraq that do n't speak so bad about their own country . 
  me i 'm the opposite i spend every waking moment praising my country and culture . 
  oh man that movie is pure gold !, 
  was referring to the woman being polish, 
  holy cow the nigerians are getting to eastern europe too . 
  you know you become relevant when nigerian scams get to your country, 
  yeah like how the hell can be bothered with student unions . 
  i remnember getting emails about elections and thinking who the hell takes this seriously ? 
  answer : weirdos, 
  you know this stuff actually happens in romania . 
  quite common . 
  also journalists being undercover intelligence agents . 
  thats very interesting didnt realise erdogan is actually actively visiting ex ottoman countries on a regular basis . 
  quite a smart way to build turkish influence . 
  what the actual hell ? 
  ? how does turkeys ruling party have any influence on bosnia ? 
  thats exactly who i was talking about thaci was a prime minister and he is known to be a big figurehead of the organised crime involved in drug and organ trafficking . 
  he is still a minister even now . 
  so yeah thats what worries me . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/organ_theft_in_kosovo all the leaders of kosovo are ex kla members that were basically gangsters in the 90s, 
  yeah put shit on a group of people that share a simillar culture , religion and look and strive to integrate into western society and put up on a pedestal another group that craps on western culture , most likely hates you and wants to impose its own culture . 
  cus that will end up well . 
  look i 'm not gon na lie iran does some fucked up stuff too like supporting hezbollah and all the terrorist stuff back in the 80s and 90s . 
  but individual iranians are nowhere near as indoctrinated as say saudis , qataris etc. 
  it 's your country 's fault for not being able to deal with it . 
  in romania theft is punished with jail from 1 to 12 years . 
  so if caught definetly not a slap on the wrist . 
  also i bet they were gypsies .
