  russia is pretty big on funding nazis in eastern europe or at least extremists . 
  the fun fact is that there is actually a long history of russian-nazi collaborations in hungary ever since the end of ww2 . 
  the so called red-white coallitions occured when former horthyst and nazi hungarians joined the communist party en masse in the hope that the soviet union will look after their interests . 
  no actually thats the thing we have never forgotten the suffering brought about by islam . 
  if this was anything else other than islamic fundamentalism then of course it would be exagerated . 
  unlike western europe we have suffered for centuries this ideology and know not to ever allow it to rise again . 
  ` rightful sphere of influence ' riiiight . 
  too bad no one asked them what they thought about being in russia 's rightful sphere of influence . 
  what about all the european troops in nato that fought in afghanistan and iraq in wars that had nothing to do with them and were started by the us ? 
  does that count ? 
  but when us is to defend their european allies that stood by them they may not do it ? 
  how is that in any way fair ? 
  you do realise that poland actually had a whole sector of iraq under command in 2003 ? 
  one sector out of 4 !, 
  yet if poland was in danger us may not help ? 
  yes same retarded shit . 
  could n't they just change the name as serbo-bosno-croatian ? 
  it irks me so much, 
  yes but even cantemir in xviith century wrote the chronicle of the romano-moldo-vlachs . 
  yeah but the russians did not allow it, 
  its a cyclical thing . 
  sort of democrats v republicans which keep switching . 
  now we will have 8 years or so of pro-commies that will shit on the people . 
  followed by pro-eu crowd that will do the same . 
  only difference is that the commies will also destroy their history , heritage and the like . 
  or dumbasses think that an increase of state pension by a couple of bucks ( pilfered from somewhere else anyway ) will improve their life . 
  same shit in romania, 
  the sad things is that only we who feel kinship for ukrainians and understand their plight remember and support them . 
  someone sipping on cerveza on a spanish coast could n't give a rats ass . 
  when you are next door and could be next its hard not to care . 
  from what i can see we have the following reasons : the journalists were known for making up fake news stories and propaganda , the lady is accused by ukrainians of abducting children from donbass , the choir made songs about russian army and even little green men . 
  i can see why people could hate them . 
  but still feel bad for the ochestra . 
  they made some damn good music !, 
  ok yeah stuff these guys but still feel bad fot the choir, 
  i dont care about the generals and colonels but the orchestra is a terrible loss . 
  also not sure why you think poles are somehow pro-russian . 
  i dont think anyone is mourning the red army . 
  definetly not the poles or romanians who are mortal enemies of the red army . 
  but these guys played some fantastic music which can be appreciated by friend and foe . 
  thats what i like to hear , 
  oh nooo the red army choir !, 
  im sorry but every single eastern european country is the same with commies becoming capitalists overnight and in fact exactly the same people ruling . 
  so you guys have that retarded shit too ? 
  must be an ex-commie thing . 
  gib pensions, 
  very interesting . 
  i hope people get along well around there despite the ethnic differences . 
  the middle east has been at war with itself and being invaded for as long as living memory . 
  do n't blame the west . 
  before that it used to be the islamic empires invading the west : the invasions of spain , of france and of byzantium . 
  honestly i would arrest each and every one of the hundreds of people with that rap sheet immediately . 
  if any of them are not citizens i would deport immediately . 
  modern day terrorist threat is something the court system was never prepared to handle . 
  any one of those points should warrant an immediate arrest and investigation let alone all of them together . 
  i was talking more about the modern period though for the newly independent countries . 
  it was commonplace in europe to get foreign monarchs on various thrones . 
  many countries in eastern europe got foreign kings to achieve independence like romania and bulgaria . 
  both russia and immigration are existential threats to europe . 
  on one side we have western europe swamped with immigration which is literally ripping the fabric of society . 
  on the other side we have russia influencing elections , encouraging seccession and posing a huge threat to eastern europe . 
  wtf marxists ? 
  you do realise the most fervently pro-eu people are in eastern europe which is the most anti-immigration and anti-marxist area in the whole of europe . 
  yes you need yet another honest discussion . 
  that wil surely solve the problem . 
  what will it take for you to realise that unless extreme measures are taken native europeans will keep on dieing . 
  as much as i agree that ukraine should have crimea i would not call the tartars as innocents . 
  up to the late 1700s the tartars were the scourge of ukraine . 
  so what ? 
  it is their prerogative to accept people with a simillar culture . 
  are you actually french ? 
  surely you ca n't be simce you actually know what pnl and psd is, 
  i do n't believe you are from australia . 
  coles and woolies both sell kangaroo meat which is in fact healthier meat with less fat than other meats . 
  i know plenty of aussies that eat kanga bangas . 
  yeap russia is the common denominator, 
  germany needs to take over the leadership and it needs to do it now . 
  it also needs to drop the whole ww1/2 guilt and begin some serious re-arming . 
  an economic power without an army will be in serious trouble when someone decides that its time for germany to share that wealth, 
  it started in the 1920s with idiots like john reed, 
  the more divisions there are the weaker each entity will be . 
  have you noticed that the great powers of russia , china and usa have completely supressed any secessionist movements ? 
  yes soros is the boogeyman for the ex commies, 
  what the hell is going on with poland ? 
  poles complain about being attacked in the uk yet we have a growing number reports of foreigners being attacked in poland . 
  out of everyone poles should understand the most seeing as large number of poles live in other countries . 
  and what did you say to them ? 
  did you explain that they live in a free society where banning offensive stuff is not tolerated ? 
  all round nice guy / s, 
  nope . 
  it was complete inception . 
  one minute we were n't there the next minute bam, 
  your dacia will break down as an homage, 
  it means dick . 
  comes from the latin pullus which meant ` chicken ' . 
  so sort of like in english cock means dick . 
  the french made promises on purpose just to entice romania to join the war . 
  these promises were never going to be kept and the french did not intend to keep them in any way, 
  it makes my heart swell with joy when i see foreigners swearing in romanian, 
  said the croatian .
