  when the soviet army reached bucharest there were no more german troops there . 
  so not only did they not liberate anything but they in fact occupied bucharest as the romaian army was under orders not to oppose the soviets and surrender . 
  unfortunately we know now it wasnt really a revolution but a staged coup by lower tier party members which took power and ruled the country as a neo-communist regime until 1996 . 
  the anti-soviet policy started before ceausescu in the last years of the dej regime . 
  also , there was nothing crazy until the 1980s when ceausescu started his draconic austerity measures and insane personality cult . 
  the late 1960s and early 1970s were a time of liberalisation , intense trade and contacts with the west , people thought things were going well . 
  little did they know ... 
  seeing the comment below actually yes it was a good thing that romania was more independent . 
  had germany occupied romania the jewish deaths would have been far higher . 
  also if romania would have been more collaborational like hungary again most of the jews would have died . 
  for example 60 % of the jewish population of north transilvania which was cede to hungary were wiped out during the war . 
  compare this to numbers in the rest of the country ( unoccupies ) . 
  the iasi and odessa pogroms were definetly the worst atrocities and are unforgiveable but at least most of the romanian jews survived the war for better or for worse . 
  i actually see that as a problem with france and sweden not with poland . 
  why should n't they be proud if a nice thing happens ? 
  he was just a figure head . 
  he was just paraded around and had zero powers . 
  yes hopefully your dream of the restoration of the komintern will be true and then you can finally be happy, 
  there are numerous accounts of the blackmail . 
  do you think the communist party below such tactics ? 
  he was a patriot , only his understanding of what he had to do in order to save the country were the opposite of what should have been done . 
  being a patriot and doing the wrong thing are not mutually exclusive . 
  things like crimea , war in donbas , intervention in syria , funding extremist parties in europe ( both right and left ) and most recent influencing us elections . 
  when you are next door to russia and have historically bad relations with them its sort of disconcerting . 
  and yes as you mention our economy is doing well we are finally making progress . 
  an increase in russian influence/power could throw us back in the stone age . 
  def not a house is in fact cheaper than a car in many cases, 
  not accepted in romania but you wo n't get hurt either just judged, 
  this is why the rise of russia frightens me so much . 
  i feel that we have achieved so much since entering the eu in terms of economic growth but also anti-corruption . 
  i do n't want it falling apart just when we started on a good path . 
  as they do in romania lol people have built mansions illegaly at the end of an airport runway than proceeded to complain about the noise from airplanes and now the airport is in the process of closing down . 
  yeah i keep forgetting reddit is mainly american, 
  well of course what do you expect ? 
  protesting about a foreign countrys internal policy vs protesting against something happeong in your own country . 
  they were the pros . 
  now they are on their way to being the minority . 
  you guys are really twisted . 
  yes europeans supported the coup . 
  wtf you deserve erdogan, 
  its funny because we have this image of northern people as being very educated and way above our level . 
  even though the answer to any question is usually just a google search away . 
  i do n't blame people anyway . 
  unless you actually pay attention in school or you are interested in certain topics you would have no idea . 
  it just pisses off romanians to be confused with a minority that represents 4 % of the total population . 
  yeah i know i know . 
  most people are completely ignorant . 
  although i didnt realise the person above is american . 
  are you trolling or actually serious ? 
  cus if serious it scares me a little, 
  that 's quite a nice castle actually . 
  really should n't be demolished, 
  they usually get executed there, 
  what languages are they ? 
  obviously you have no knowledge of the level of russian involvement and penetration in western european politics . 
  russia has a long tradition of this . 
  mind you , america too but the russian infiltration is a lot more covert and malicious . 
  so what ? 
  i do n't get it why should the eu host mobs of people that have nothing to do with europe ? 
  plenty of other gulf states and other central asian states with plenty of room . 
  you need to stop feeling that stupid nazi guilt . 
  just because the nazis were from germany it does n't mean you have to sacrifice your nation just to atone . 
  i would definetly investigate every person that interacted with proven isis fighters . 
  im seriously talking about almost stalinist style investigations where family members and friends of isis fighters are considered suspects . 
  the way things have gotten nowadays its pretty much the only way to save lives . 
  anything else is just pussyfooting . 
  thats how policing works . 
  its called profiling and it works surprisingly well . 
  i get profiled in western european airports all the time and guess what i dont care one bit since i have nothing to hide, 
  and this is exactly why your country is now under siege . 
  stop dreaming about rights and start worrying about your family and friends ' safety, 
  how about you get instantly arrested when you are proven to have had a contact with the is ? 
  or how about you get arrested as soon as you spend more than 10 mins on an is related website unless you are licenced researcher ? 
  they may be homegrown but where did their parents come from ? 
  mena by any chance ? 
  haha you bastards i knew it !, 
  i hate lithuania for pillaging their way through ... oh wait ... 
  then what are you doing on a western forum using a western language ? 
  you know what the difference is ? 
  the us did that to their foreign enemies , the turks are doing it to their own citizens . 
  but then again so called traitors have always been hated more than external enemies . 
  i wonder how many of those people are actually completely innocent . 
  ethnic french are white . 
  people with french citizenship are of all shapes and colours . 
  you guys get so defensive . 
  standing up for people that hate you and everything you stand for . 
  it would be cute if i did n't have the dire consequences . 
  and that is why france is the way it is today . 
  wish you a happy descent into anarchy if police keeps standing by idly, 
  i bet you are also doing it as a big f you to spain and to show that catalonia is different . 
  honestly in today 's world and the internet anyone can find out stuff about you . 
  marketing companies that i never interacted with know my name , where i live , what i do . 
  that stuff freaks me out waaaay more than govt surveillance . 
  yeah but it sure comes in handy now too . 
  also , in today 's society i have nothing to hide and if the govt wanted to find something out about me they could anyway . 
  so might as well make my life easier and have an id card . 
  this is more referring to the west . 
  yup . 
  do n't see why people bag him out for that quote since it rings so true . 
  poor churchill looking at the first quote he would be rolling around in his grave if he saw the world today .
