  its part of being a gypsy . 
  if they were poles , dressed like poles , had fair skin and spoke polish than they were likely polish not gypsy . 
  no you ca n't . 
  the poles do n't hate the dutch culture , they do n't try to impose their culture or generally actually try to integrate . 
  also the poles wo n't try and impose their religion on you , attack your women or create no-go zones . 
  different clothing , different look , different skin colour sometimes even different language, 
  you posted this twice which smells like agenda pushhing . 
  there is no way you can compare polish migrants to morrocans, 
  yes of course you can, 
  holy shit you literally just got downvoted again . 
  i upvoted the post i replied to and it brought to 1 now its back down to 0 . 
  someone keeps downvoting you . 
  not sure why, 
  what was wrong with that ? 
  if hese things are happening people must be informed, 
  its caled left censorship . 
  its real and its damn scary, 
  this sub is all about bashing on the whites ans censoring most other stuff so u shud be at home, 
  maybe you have heard of hezbollah ? 
  not saying i have anything against china . 
  but surely a country so big and powerful would have lots of reasons to be hated for ( like say south china sea , flooding market with cheap products , supporting north korea ) . 
  as opposed to romania which is just a speck of dust . 
  and yes the underclass of romania has left the country and is begging all over europe . 
  but at least they are not bombing or terrorising nations . 
  if they wanted they could be easily rounded up and deported by the police but the west seems to love self flagellation . 
  and yes when i have been in asia all romanians were known for is being computer engineers and dracula . 
  on a per capita basis it has more than romania . 
  lucky for them they dont have a country naming problem, 
  yeah i know i was just trying to show the sillyness of the situation . 
  its like people thinking there are a lot of turkeys in turkey . 
  man dont feel like that . 
  i make it a point to mention on purpose where i am from . 
  i literally try to weave into any conversation !, 
  what about you know roma italy ? 
  yes people do think exactly that . 
  the roman empire was a gypsy empire too, 
  no that was yesterday 's meme lets move on, 
  sure thats fair enough . 
  but more disliked than russia ? 
  wtf russia literally invades countries and shoots down your passenger planes !, 
  and they are still less hated, 
  and we are grateful for the american blisful ignorance , 
  i love that swedes seem to welcome with open arms people from the middle east that literally hate their host country , attack any intruders in their neighbourhoods but wen it comees to others the opposite is applied . 
  maybe in europe . 
  here in australia a lot of the chinese are known for tax evasion , rudeness , trying to rip people off etc its just a matter of perspective really . 
  china , iran etc countries that actively support aggression , terrorism and other bad things . 
  sure we have our beggars but when did we ever bomb or hurt anyone ? 
  last time it was ww2 . 
  we are irrelevant and are happy to be that way . 
  not saying they should not be . 
  they should definetly be in . 
  i was just replying to your silly statement that people from all those countries represent the ottoman empire . 
  holy shit thanks for confirming american stereotypes, 
  haha typical american, 
  haha better to be irrelevant and independent also do you think romania , greece or serbia identifies with the ottoman empire ? 
  i can tell you they wpuld rather playing a faction fighting against it . 
  as they did in real life . 
  also in ww1 romania , greece , serbia all fought against the ottomans . 
  to be fair romanian is without doubt a romance language when it comes to the basic words and grammar . 
  but then there is the large slavic stratum and then the modern french and italian imports . 
  and now the english ones . 
  of coure i am . 
  america will come and take your wealth . 
  russia will come and kill you , russify you and then some more . 
  and historically spain and portugal did a lot of bad stuff . 
  but they actually stopped . 
  now they are just nations with zero expansionist desires . 
  while russia never stopped . 
  it still continues to this day . 
  crimea . 
  and then looking at mariupol , odessa , transnistria , gagauzia , moldova . 
  it never stops . 
  i think a lot of these are actually paid to post rubbish so dont stress too much, 
  are you kidding me ??!!, 
  america has been doing some bad shit for say a hundred years at best . 
  russia has been enslaving , pillaging and invading its neighbours for hundreds of years !, 
  also america at least to tries to treat even nations it invades with some sort of semblance of humanity . 
  thats why in ww2 germans were desperate to surrender to the us . 
  i would rather be invaded and enslaved by america at any time . 
  at least all they want to do is exploit you financially not wipe you out , destroy your culture or even deny your existance, 
  i am sorry but you are wrong about europe getting better . 
  in western europe life is considerably harder for the average person than it was say 20 years ago . 
  yup, 
  its not from latin its a slavic word in romanian like many others, 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  poland is the most advanced ee country by far except maybe the baltics . 
  it is their right to reject immigrants . 
  not everyone wants their country overrun by foreign cultures . 
  just because the french have completely given up on the notion of patriotism does n't mean other countries should . 
  it is poland 's right to love their country and reject foreign influences they do n't agree with . 
  im pretty sure he qualifies for jail time seeing as he is responsible for radicalising the rigby killers . 
  glad to hear he is in jail . 
  the key should be trown away . 
  but is it true ? 
  because you guys seem to really protect even radical islamists . 
  i mean for some weird reason anjem chowdhury is not in jail . 
  whereas in australia where i love we dont allow even a whiff of anything like that from politicians , let alone contenders to the mayor of the most important city . 
  it was just a gypsy village , not really illegal but really dirt poor, 
  yes wallachia is an exonym, 
  i do n't blame the swedes for being suspicious and annoyed .
