  and even the uk for that matter . 
  i dont really see it as a restriction at all . 
  in fact it helps hugely to have an id . 
  also i would like the police to know whos who and whats going on . 
  i live in australia where there is no id card and you get idiotic situation where you have to bring a heap of documents to prove who you are . 
  it just irks me that i have to go through so many hoops due to the lack of an id system . 
  same in romania . 
  it blows my mind how some countries do n't keep citizen records . 
  its sort of a pretty important thing to know what is happening with your population !, 
  i agree its a bit irrelevant from a europe point of view . 
  but with all the bad stuff i think its a nice piece of news . 
  yeah i do empathise on this point . 
  i was in london for the first time 4 weeks ago and everone was speaking romanian , italian , spanish , indian etc i had to work hard to find an english person . 
  so i agree it is an issue and it is a bit humiliating to have foreign people outnumbrr you in your own capital . 
  but i dont think voting brexit will fix that in any way . 
  i dont understand this argument . 
  the uk has most of its muslims from its former colonies like pakistan and bangladesh which have nothing to do with eu . 
  you have places like birmingham and you worry about an eu caliphate ? 
  the uk will become muslim a lot quicker than the eu will if that is what you are worried about . 
  well when it is the year your country became a russian province through annexation its a bit hard to forget . 
  since the results can clearly be seen today, 
  i think we all need to understand one big important thing : most people are idiots , ignorant , have no understanding or even care for such matters . 
  you know the 80/20 rule ? 
  it applies to everything including people . 
  but what about the bankers and big business in the uk that now no longer have a watchdog ? 
  ` not our problem anymore ' i 'm sure that 's what neville chamberlain said yoo . 
  what the hell , you make it sound like britain just rowed away into the abyss . 
  the uk is still part of europe until they develop some sort of jet engines . 
  also , 17m people can easily be the bottom of the pile since realistically in any population probably only about 20 % max have the education , general knowledge and political understanding to make an informed decision . 
  and i think thats overstating it anyway . 
  the rest are just easily manipulated by propaganda and marketing . 
  like believing turkey will join eu . 
  who in their right mind would even fathom that?lol not sure what you mean about my flag . 
  please do explain . 
  no , i was referring to the uneducated chavs that voted leave as they have nothing to lose . 
  their lives cant get any worse . 
  meanwhile my english friends that are young and worked hard their whole lives and now their lives and futures have been thrown into turmoil . 
  and yes im upset . 
  the self-destruction of britain will lead to the fall of a great power . 
  without a powerful britain europe will suffer . 
  so chavs are now the native population of the uk ? 
  this comment needs to be framed . 
  you know there are other people in the uk other than chavs right ? 
  i know first hand of the effects of a mass of ignorant , uneducated people and i can tell they should not be defended but educated . 
  why do you keep repeating the same shit, 
  you probably contributed a lot more than dozens of chav brexit voters . 
  but you are a filty immigrant anyway : /, 
  really ? 
  why do you even bother ? 
  not quite sure what your analogy is . 
  please explain . 
  i hope you are not comparing eu unified europe with the axis and its allies invading the ussr . 
  please tell me that its not what you meant . 
  i guess its easy to classify it the worst super power when you have never dealt with the russian empire . 
  oh wait they recently shot down one plane full of your countrymen . 
  lets face it , america is bad but id rather be an exploited american colony anytime . 
  i do n't understand these independence movements . 
  why do you guys want to separate ? 
  a whole is always stronger than its parts . 
  you guys share a history , simillar language , have been together for hundreds of years . 
  why spoil this now ? 
  we need more unity not more countries breaking up . 
  perhaps you need some reminder of germany being split in 2 countries, 
  and now we know who funds ukip . 
  i was going to say holy cow . 
  then i realised you are romanian and became sad that so few of us are aware of how kremlin uses tactics like this to undermine the west . 
  really disagree with this , would romania help moldova ? 
  absolutely . 
  would moldova help ? 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  historically france has been more than an ally , france has been the reason that romania exists . 
  from 1820s to 1940 france has been pretty much the model for romania : our laws , constitution , even our flag have basis in the french model . 
  why ? 
  i get picked for the bomb check at the airport every single time . 
  young dark haired guy . 
  i think its fair enough and am quite happy that happens . 
  give me safety over pc tubbish any time . 
  i figured by your previous comments that you are anti anglos . 
  you know racism works both ways . 
  this is scary because its true, 
  and in australia too, 
  same stuff happens in sydney too . 
  we really should cut down foreign ownership, 
  poe 's law my friend poe 's law, 
  kosovo is a joke that should not exist either, 
  that is the most stupid statement ever . 
  i hope you were being sarcastic . 
  there are more brown people that are not muslim like hindus , sikhs , christians . 
  i oppose islam because of its poisonous attitude towards other religions , towards women , towards democracy , towards human decency . 
  hmmm let me see , maybe because germany is a majority christian country and has been for thousands of years ? 
  also this is not canada . 
  you do n't just move to germany and you become a german . 
  it does not work like that . 
  a few generations will need to pass , your descendents will need to speak german without an accent , have a german name . 
  then they can be considered german . 
  there are plenty of religions that are absolute poison . 
  for example scientology which is actually banned in some countries . 
  do n't see that as far right at all . 
  there already a negative impact . 
  there are hiring freezes in the banking sector which is having a flow on effect on financial services industry .
