  this is all about self-interest , we were allowed in the eu because there is a benefit to the west , not as a favour to us . 
  yeap so lucrative its sometimes worth going to jail for a fewyeaes than come out and enjoy your wealth, 
  more likely promoted ... as a sign of gratitude for allowing fu ds to be siphoned and the like . 
  no joke this is what happens, 
  turns out there was a wallachian contingent at the siege of kamenets https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/siege_of_kamenets, 
  i think it is referring to the battle of obertyn rather than cosmin forest since cosmin was kind of part of moldova . 
  oh nothing just that the inhabitants of the land refered to themselves as ` rumani ' or ` romani ' at least since the middle ages with numerous references of this in foreign documents . 
  hence why the country was named romania when it was created from the united principalities in the xixth century . 
  wtf is this supposed to mean ? 
  we built a road wohoo lets post on r/europe !, 
  really wtf ? 
  in the country with one of the least number of kms of highways in the eu we post a picture of a nice road ? 
  yeah i know i was just trolling . 
  this whole sexual fluidity , gender fluidity and other rubbish does n't deserve anything but a good oldfashion troll, 
  well people in the present laugh about it too, 
  lol if i had a piece of toast for every gender there was i would have ... 2 pieces of toast, 
  what human rights abuses ? 
  if it means choosing between the welfare of your own people and that of foreign people than your own people should always have priority . 
  there are plenty of homeless , disenfranchised and abused people in australia , they do n't need to take in someone else 's . 
  there is about 100,000 homeless australians , they should receive shelter firsr and only afterwards check if there are any foreigners that need shelter . 
  pffft there is nothing disgraceful about it just a country protecting its sovereign borders, 
  we do n't really have nationalists as such . 
  the so-called nationalists are the main ruling party that is part and parcel of this stuff . 
  the deforestation is happening with the full knowledge of the authorities . 
  there have been numerous stories of journalists and people investigating the woodcutting and getting beaten up by the logging workers and by locals too . 
  the idiotic locals engage in this too even though it will literally lead to landslides and destruction of their homes in the long run . 
  yeah that is just retarded . 
  let 's just go and make every european historical figure black just for art 's sake . 
  there is plenty of black/brown/african historical figures which can be made into historical movies no need to remake others . 
  joining eu and adopting the euro are two very different things, 
  at this point ukraine may have to cut its losses . 
  its probably the only way to start getting the country on the right path . 
  the current situation is just terrible and there is so much hate and destruction in donbass that it will probably be impossible to reintegrate these areas back into ukraine . 
  yeah ukraine got screwed over hard by the west and especially the huge shoft in us policy . 
  if i was a ukrainian soldier in the trenches in the donbass i would be very worried . 
  not sure where this is going but it ca n't be good . 
  so the russian military invasion is justified ? 
  sending in tanks and heavy artillery and shooting down passenger planes is all ok just because the west influenced an overthrow of a russian puppet ? 
  that is fair enough , after the 1878 wars and ww1 yes but not so much after ww2 . 
  apparently during communism there were facilities and schools built for the turko tatar population, 
  i 'd like to see some sources on that since a cursory search shows that the tatar population increased during communism or at least did not decrease . 
  yeap definetly agree with all your points . 
  france should maintain french culture and not accept any other external influence trying to change it . 
  a lot of the fn politics sound decent but the whole anti-eu and pro-russian stuff just discredits them . 
  the muslims in romania are mostly tatars and have been romanians for several generations and have nothing to do with turkey or anatolia, 
  but isnt this a criminal activity ? 
  to me this seems highly criminal . 
  what if the fire spreads and houses catch on fire , people could die , children could die . 
  i mean this shit does n't even happen in the worst neighbourhoods of the poorest countries in europe . 
  to me it seems the leniency which allows this behaviour to propagate . 
  thats pretty funny haha at least they are kicking the ass of hipsters and feminists, 
  country from where their parents migrated from probably algeria , tunisia , morroco and the like, 
  sounds like a damn great place  ), 
  how about extremely heavy jail sentences for those doing it ? 
  sounds better than just letting it happen, 
  no worries would n't expact the history of a small poor country to be taught in nl . 
  the whole iron guard history is complicated too . 
  the original guard was decimated in 1938 when codreanu and the whole leadership was executed by the secret police . 
  the new leader of the guard was a lot more brutal and power hungry which led to the conflict with antonescu and the rebellion which basically led to their destruction . 
  today 's adherents are mostly followers of the pre-1938 guard before its worst excesses although still heavily anti-semitic and still involved in political assasinations . 
  messed up for everyone else ? 
  yeah i guess if your career aspirations were toilet cleaner , barman , hotel reception etc than yes the eu accession of eastern countries did screw you over and your future career . 
  than again if you had proper education and skills you should have zero to worry about . 
  than again yoj have had decades of pakistani , bangladeshi and other immigration which is changing the fabric of your society one neighbourhood at a time . 
  i would be more worried about that . 
  i didnt see the deleted comment but just noting that antonescu and the iron guard are different things . 
  there are followers of antonescu and there are followers of the iron guard ( called the new right ) . 
  kind of hard to be a follower of both since antonescu orchestrated the destruction of the guard when they rebelled in 1940 . 
  personally i have a negative opinion of the guard and a slightly positive opinion of antonescu . 
  really that is an example to hold a referendum in places where there is no hungarian majority ? 
  thats not quite the same as crimea . 
  a better example would have been something like holding a referendum in say gagauzia which has a russian speaking majority . 
  i dont think people are blaming france for it . 
  its just a benefit that france happens to get from free eu movement of labour, 
  where did i say it is a bad thing ? 
  as everything it is grey it has both positives and negatives . 
  uninformed people like you make it sound like ee is not contributing to the eu or profiting heavily which it is not . 
  for ee there is the choice of eu ( positives and negatives ) or russian domination ( all negatives no positives ) . 
  so eu is still best option out of 2 . 
  no one said it is eus fault . 
  all i am saying is that the whole eu funds argument is a wankish non-argument . 
  we return to the eu in profits and value way more than we receive in pure eu funds . 
  speaking from experience ? 
  indeed also the corporate tax rate is very low . 
  which means they barely pay any taxes . 
  as slyscorpion said the foreign corporations are making huge profits in the eastern europe . 
  also the local production has been destroyed and replaced by imports from the eu . 
  for example even though we have excellent arable land we import agricultural goods from netherlands . 
  also all the land is now being acquired by italians , dutch etc which will farm the land , sell the goods here and send profits back to their country . 
  the eu expansion has been a godsend to the stagnating west . 
  for the east it comes as a two edged sword . 
  no in fact romania has the lowest eu funds absorbtion meaning we are too ifiotic to even spend the eu money which has tobe returned . 
  we really need the eu to pretty much force us to invest in health , infrastructure etc. 
  no i can tell you its a total disaster . 
  if nothing is done both countries will head towards collapse with a generation due to death of population , emigration and very low fertility . 
  basically only the rich will be able to afford healthcare and everyone else will either leave or die . 
  romania has the lowest absorbtion of eu funds . 
  about half of the funds get returned to the eu due to incompetent bureaucracy not being able to spend them . 
  meanwhile people die in the thousands due to medical system collapse and lack of qualified doctors as they all left . 
  no surprise there .
