  in fact if i was swede i would completely hate romanians for seemingly invading my country . 
  but as the swedes will find out in a few generations its not as easy as it sounds to integrate gypsies . 
  its probably connected somehow etymologically . 
  the word walach comes from german . 
  its what the germanic people referred to the romanised people . 
  so we have the welsh , waloons , walachs all from the same root, 
  yes thats right , gypsies are called that because they were thought to be from egypt but they were in fact from india . 
  it was a misnomer . 
  not sure if you are trolling . 
  gyppo is just slang for gypsy . 
  he seems to be pretty controversial from what ive read , saying there is too many white people on the transport board . 
  it sounds incredibly racist . 
  there still are vlachs in greece to this day . 
  they lived in the mountains of thesaly . 
  there are vlachs all over the balkans and yes in moravia too , the morlachs . 
  and yes turks referred to moldova as karaiflakia , black wallachia . 
  but this is all in medieval times . 
  not as much in modern times . 
  partially yes, 
  nice try roma , italy, 
  i think you have zero understanding of how these type of groups work . 
  you can throw all the money you want at them . 
  they will still be the same . 
  i live in australia and the government goves free benefits , housing , education , jobs etc to aboriginals . 
  do you know wat they do ? 
  trash the houses and then they still love on the streets . 
  the government tries everything inits power to help them but they refuse to help themselves . 
  so how do you expect a poor country like romania to be able to do anything to a simillar group that refuses to integrate ? 
  cant call it wallachia since that refers to only a part of the country . 
  people in other provinces would not like it . 
  dacia would have been better probably . 
  no they are not . 
  that is glaringly incorrect . 
  they are from india . 
  impossible to tell . 
  that being said intermixing was not very popular at all back in the day . 
  but you would have the owners raping teir gypsy slaves so there wold be some roma with romanian genes . 
  but if they remained within their community they would just be considered gypsies . 
  yeap there is a documentary about it . 
  no joke, 
  yea that would be a great idea . 
  too bad the govt would never do such a thing . 
  only private individuals and ngos would have the drive to do it . 
  dont get this comment . 
  what do you think defense is for ? 
  not wanting to see dead people is censorship ? 
  im sure there are plenty of burglars from romania and bulgaria . 
  triggered when i saw kpmg !, 
  hate those multi-national slave drivers !, 
  stand up !, 
  much love from romania, 
  i am guessing that just like romania in inter-war bulgaria also experienced fairly pleasent and prosperous times, 
  russia has been using propaganda and infiltration ever since the 1920s . 
  they had dedicated infiltration specialists way before the west caught on to it . 
  they were influencing elections in non-communist countries for decades . 
  look up the finnish president kekkonen and his soviei ties . 
  this is not the same . 
  syria and iraq are war zones . 
  st petersburg is not . 
  us and others do not target civilians , these guys do . 
  in fact isis uses civilians as human shields . 
  you sound like an uneducated fool . 
  have you ever heard of chopin , marie curie etc ? 
  how can you call a culture that has produced such luminous minds be called backward ? 
  do you know anything about their history ? 
  there is in fact a muslim minority in poland living there in peace for centuries . 
  it is the recent arrivals that the poles are against !, 
  this is very upsetting . 
  what exactly is the issue ? 
  curry smell impregnates the walls and carpets if it is done regularly . 
  all you need to do is google and find a million websites with info about hpw to get rid of persistant curry smells . 
  its a known issue which has npthing to do with race or dignity . 
  in india the wealthy families have separate cookhouses that are in another building to avoid this issue . 
  well its not like that isnt happening already . 
  so oh well, 
  really do you deny that curry stinks up a place ? 
  maybe you dont smell it because you are used it . 
  ban him too, 
  it 's not that hard really , just check the way they dress , the way they speak , how much english they know ( if their english is terrible that is a big alarm bell ) , how many children they have etc. 
  there is plenty of cues . 
  easiest one would be what their occupation/education is . 
  who said montenegro was bad ? 
  aussies ? 
  huh do you mean austrians ? 
  yes i agree with that . 
  my gripe is with the smelly curry not the people . 
  that sounds very fair actually, 
  well if there was a romanian family from the countryside that liked to cook their meals in the traditional way and cut up animals inside ( some actually do that ) i would not rent to them either . 
  hell no !, 
  yeah i love the serbians but they have an unhealthy love of russia, 
  i repeat . 
  why would you go through the trouble when you can avoid it altogether ? 
  is montenegro filo-russian like serbia or not ? 
  its not about eating curry but cooking curry . 
  brits are way less likely to cook with traditional indian recipes producing the strong odour . 
  but why would you want that in the first place ? 
  why would you want the odour when you can just rent to some people that will not have that issue . 
  i screen my tenants quite a lot and reject any of them which may damage the property . 
  its nothing personal , its just about money in the end . 
  yeah but sometimes the damage is way beyond the deposit .
