  also , there is the fact that it takes a lot of work to fix which means you can not rent it for that period . 
  i will be the first to criticise russia but if this is hizbut tahrir than i agree . 
  fuck them this guys are extremists and should be supressed . 
  they are banned in many arab countries too . 
  well the man has a point , it is common knowledge that cooking curry destroys the paint and the smell is almost impossible to remove, 
  so what do you want to do ? 
  punish germany for eternity ? 
  you do realise that is what started ww2 in the first place , revanchist policies lead to even more conflict in the future . 
  i do n't see any country in the world that has monuments and commemorates the victims of their past regimes . 
  i do n't see countries such as spain , belgium , uk or russia doing anything like that despite being involved in numerous colonial and expansionist wars and causing millions of deaths in africa , asia , america and europe . 
  should we get france to pay for the napoleonic wars ? 
  should we get spain to pay for the enslavement of the south american civilisations ? 
  hell , some of these countries celebrate their past crimes cough russia cough . 
  compared to that germany has come a long way to acknowledge and atone for its past . 
  if anything i think they are over-exagerating with their guilt . 
  what amputation did spain or portugal suffer ? 
  spain was not even part of the war . 
  you are delusional . 
  how not ?? 
  they lost all of eastern germany , eastern prussia which was german populated . 
  yeah like 50 years ago and actually paid for it dearly , lost territory , paid reparations . 
  compared to other cpuntries germany is a true model that everyone should aspire to . 
  baseless ? 
  you do realise the russians have had a disnformation and agitation propaganda department ever since the 1920s . 
  they have been infiltrating western governments for decades . 
  its not about money , they have almost 100 years exlerience in doing it . 
  the fall of the ussr does n't mean it ever stopped . 
  this is the reality . 
  what the actual f !, 
  what about just having a few drinks ? 
  sounds idiotic to ban alcohol just because some people are idiots and drink too much, 
  huh peacekeeping ? 
  where did you get that from ? 
  no , the eu is based on trade , first for coal and steel , then it was a customs union and so on . 
  the sole reason for the eu is trade and common markets . 
  and the whole eu negotiation in eastern europe is based on the access of western companies to the market and labour force . 
  the eu itself is not a company but it does represent the trade interests of its members and the businesses are at the core of that . 
  come on uts not that hard to understand what he meant, 
  seeing that it is your country and other western countries that is exploiting and benefitting from it as well it is very ironic that you are complaining . 
  you seem to think the eu is some sort of charity when in fact the western countries reap huge benefits by making large profits in eastern europe . 
  the only reason the eu expanded is to have access to markets . 
  we agreed to dismantle our industry , cut subsidies , give tax breaks , give away companies for free , sell land for nothing and give our resources for free in exchange for eu funds , development aid , business investments . 
  i am guessing you are uneducated if you do not undrrstand how it all works . 
  you guys got all the benefits and thought there will be no costs . 
  well you are now getting the bill . 
  is that a mistake for turkey ? 
  wtf, 
  there are also tons of people employed working woth no papers and cash in hand . 
  also the population is 19 million and decreasing . 
  a rough split as follows : -9 million working - 5 million retired people over 60 something - 4 million people under 18 - this leaves about 1 million people unemployed which gives a percentage of about 5.26 % which is very close to the official rate the problem is not the unemployed but the old population . 
  the old people have zero chance of employment even if they wanted to due to zero skills and bad health . 
  how about we just look at facts , our deficit is less than 3 % of gdp and growth is the highest since gfc http://www.focus-economics.com/countries/romania and yes we do have a high employment rate , there are employers literally desperate to find employees . 
  the problem is that the wages are very low . 
  there are factories bringing workers from vietnam due to lack labourers ( why work for peanuts when you can migrate to the west ? ), 
  romanian economy is in fact nothing like greece being in fact one of the top performers in the eu . 
  we have very low levels of debt and are nowhere near defaulting . 
  about the gypsies both the communist and the post communist regime tried to integrate them forcing them to go to school . 
  but there is nothing you can do with a people that have a culture where it is looked down upon to work and if you integrate into mainstream society you get shunned . 
  its a thousand year old culture that can not be changed . 
  basically these people live outside of society and there is nothing that can be done about it . 
  if a country like ireland has not managed to integrate the travellers how are we supposed to ? 
  perhaps sweden can show us how its done ? 
  you guys only euthanised your gypsies didnt you ? 
  this is all true . 
  but the pictures do n't even convey that , especially the oart with naked stuff . 
  what the hell is that ? 
  that was not common in 80s 90s or now . 
  never even seen that sort of stuff and lived all through it . 
  also almost all pics are in bucharest as you well know . 
  dependes what you mean by stupid . 
  you can be stupid as in uneducated and say dumb things but at the same time be inteligent and shrewd and a manipulator . 
  i think that is what trump is . 
  yeah the ones that were politically sabotaged or occupied by the soviets, 
  no , i would not have small nations under foreign rule . 
  but i would have nations that are almost the same under the same state as a whole is stronger than the individual parts . 
  for example there is no reason for serbia and montenegro to be separate . 
  but there is a reason for croatia and serbia to be separate ( different religion ) . 
  for basque yes i do agree they are fully separate . 
  but catalan is extremely simillar to spanish . 
  in italy the tuscan language is different to ligurian which is different to calabro-sicilian which is different to neapolitan etc. 
  but they are all italians in one country . 
  that is why i support countries staying together . 
  i thought spanish = castllian + catalonian + galician + andalucian ... just like german = prussian + bavarian + saxon ... 
  not the cossacks, 
  have you been living under a rock ? 
  all armies had cavalry in world war i and on some fronts like the eastern front the cavalry was quite decisive , one of the biggest cavalry battles in history happened in 1920 at the battle of warsaw, 
  seeing as the eu is actually quite opposite to neo-liberalism on several areas auch as protecting industries , consumer protection , health etc the fallof the eu would only accelerate the neo-liberalism as will happen in the uk . 
  the future is one of mega-states , usa , china , if europe does not unite it will just become another appendage to one of those rather than a power in its own right, 
  where did this come from ? 
  who supports eta ? 
  wat about ussr or prc ? 
  they have the name republic in their country name, 
  this is very simple minded . 
  not that i would my country being called vlachia or dacia . 
  but names of countries do not mean that a nation existed or did n't exist . 
  what about countries like germany , netherlands , spain . 
  even ukraine which can be considered a relatively modern construct there was a cossack confederation prior to that , the people are the same ( except the ones in east ) . 
  so what they are called today does n't deny their nationality . 
  in fact having the same name does not in any way guarantee that its the same people ( for magyars for example we kn know they are not the same people today as the original magyars due to large inter mixing ) . 
  this !,
