  its non-sensical since islam is a religion so you ca n't be racist against it . 
  you can be racist against a race . 
  are you guys serious ? 
  i never said that white people can not be oppressed . 
  i did not understand how white english can be racist against white polish . 
  since thats not racism but ethnic discrimination or xenophobia . 
  pakistani discriminating against white english . 
  yes that is racism . 
  i am fully aware white people are being discriminated against by minorities . 
  anti-slav i would not call racism as slavs are white . 
  i would say prejudice , xenophobia . 
  anti-roma yes racism since romas are not white hence a different race . 
  people keep saying this shit . 
  i know you can be a victim . 
  thats not wat i was asking . 
  but white english bullying white polish is not racism . 
  its discrimination or xenophobia . 
  now lets just hope they actually wont be needed in the next 5 years, 
  thanks for the sane answer . 
  that is literally why i was asking . 
  kind of said for a beautiful girl like that to be discriminated against . 
  are you freaking kidding me ?!, 
  where did i say that ? 
  you must be blind . 
  of course there can be !, 
  other races can be racist against whites . 
  thats why i was asking if its anti-white racism . 
  but maybe you missed that part . 
  interesting . 
  inaccurate use of the word though, 
  its not clear but it sort of implies it was against her . 
  also not clear how she died . 
  was it suicide ? 
  than that is not really racism but more like xenophobia . 
  how can there be racism when she was white and blonde ? 
  or is it anti-white racism ? 
  fair call, 
  sure this is all correct . 
  but i dont see this as a reason for outside hate . 
  self hate ? 
  yes . 
  this is false . 
  gypsies have a large amount of benefits , they get access to high school and university education without needing high marks , they are forced to take their children to school etc. 
  but you ca n't help people that do n't want to be helped . 
  you know what happens to gypsies that integrate ? 
  they are shunned by their community and they are no longer considered gypsies . 
  if a rich country like australia that literally throws money at aboriginals , gives them free housing education benefits etc ca n't integrate them how do you expect a poor country like romania to even get close ? 
  some cultures just dont want to do it . 
  its actually the fault of western countries that are too paralysed by pc to do anything about it . 
  im not disputing israel 's economic prosperity . 
  all i am saying is that a lot of people have legitimate reasons to hate israel . 
  from stuff like the activists killed on that ship , to the ongoing conflict in palestine , expanding settlements instead of restricting them , ultra orthodox jewish doctrine . 
  thats a lot of reasons people could use . 
  and im not saying that those are my reasons . 
  damage reputation ? 
  yeah sure . 
  but not hate . 
  i mean i dont go around hating venezuela because their govt has terrible economic policies . 
  but i do go around hating a country like russia for invading my neighbours , starting a war , keeping frozen conflicts . 
  there is a big difference the way i see it . 
  yeah because thats not already happening . 
  tourists will come and spread positive things which will improve the image . 
  you would be surprised how much common romanians living in europe suffer because of the bad image . 
  from highly qualified people not being hired because of their nationality to people not wanting to talk to them . 
  exactly . 
  they do n't go around bombing , invading etc, 
  does it deserve to be low ? 
  perhaps . 
  but are you comparing to egypt where people get murdered for political or religious reasons ? 
  israel that is literally at war and expanding settlememts ? 
  do n't have any issues with venezuala , they do n't really hurt anyone . 
  its really all about marketing . 
  we do n't do anything to promote the beauties of our country and culture ( except for some reason reddit ) and our citizens are busy being scum all over european streets . 
  so ca n't blame it . 
  you guys need to get over the ww2 shit . 
  its done you have gone past that . 
  if you want to actually prevent ww3 and deter ( not appease ) enemies get to building up your armed forces . 
  time to remove dated rules that have no bearing on today . 
  unfortunately yes . 
  we take great pride of being latins in a great see of slavs . 
  except dna wise we are all pretty much the same with serbs bulgarians etc, 
  correctomundo, 
  partly true as they were likely both north and south of the danube, 
  sure is . 
  this sort of violence is pretty unheard of in romania since the 90s . 
  last time there was violence against police was in late 90s when the mines were closed down and the miners rebelled . 
  what the hell ? 
  this is insanity . 
  how can that happen to police ? 
  ahh yes let me guess . 
  leftist ? 
  should we kill everyone that does not share your worldview ? 
  stop being a tool !, 
  old white british people were the ones that lead britain to greatness . 
  this is just so beautiful !, 
  love it and wish i could visit, 
  kind of ironic coming from greece ... syriza ... cough sorry i could not help, 
  this is madness . 
  i need a source too.i just hope this is not true, 
  gypsies look and dress the same all over eastern europe .
