  since it rings so true . 
  only blind people could miss what is happening in europe right now . 
  and its scary !, 
  ah stop being an idiot . 
  no one hates everything russian , thats just paranoia . 
  what they do hate is what your govt has become . 
  which is basically a twisted capitalist version of the soviet union . 
  basically russia wants to be like america meddling in everyone else 's affairs . 
  look at how many neighbouring countries you guys literally shit on . 
  so how do you expect any sort of love ? 
  oh man can you pls post a link . 
  i would love that, 
  yeah those bloody romanian jihadis !, 
  with their begging , stealing and suicide bombings !, 
  ` europeans ' riiight ... 
  haha touche, 
  actually in romania they work hand in hand quite well . 
  high level corruption in city councils where councillors get bribes to favour gypsy gangs which in turn take over illegally large swathes of property . 
  when they indicted the corruption kicks in again to protect them . 
  its a symbiotic system that favours everyone except the general population . 
  a brilliant engineer, 
  they werent a major power but it still sucked nonetheless if you happened to be a country under their rule . 
  yeap bulgarians and romanians are literally in the worst position out of all groups : eastern european so second class citizens in the west , enslaved by turks for hundreds of years , suffered under communism but still white so we get no protection from these pc types . 
  oh im fully aware of that , the rebellions and outright wars in eastern europe considerably slowed down the ottomans . 
  i was just replying in regadrds to the post about that specific event . 
  that is bollocks . 
  romanians were second class citizens and fully discriminated against and you ca n't deny that . 
  they werent even allowed to build stone churches hence the abundance if wooden churches . 
  france did . 
  france is seen as romanias greatest historical ally . 
  without france and napoleon iii we would not existvas an entity . 
  french general henri berthelot is a national hero in romania . 
  for about 100 years from 19th century france was a role model . 
  all our laws are based on frech laws and so is our flag . 
  so yes france played a huge role . 
  please let this be true haha, 
  first time i have heard of this . 
  are you guys crazy ? 
  when have we ever said or even implied we want to take bukovina ? 
  as long as you treat our minority right let them have schools and education and keep theor culture no one cares . 
  what has one to do with the other ? 
  we have us bases , troops , airforce , rockets and navy on our soil . 
  we sent troops to iraq and afghanistan to prove ourselves to the us . 
  so yes we see the us as our biggest ally for whatever that is worth . 
  does n'tchange the fact that we are arguing about visas . 
  two different things . 
  not sure what you are trying to say . 
  the fact of the matter is that jan sobieski relieved vienna with his polish and imperial forces . 
  and who saved vienna ? 
  the polish king !, 
  i am offended by people pretending to be fair . 
  i couldnt care less about the actual free movement itself . 
  its just a matter of principle . 
  you are trying to stop us which is unfair as you let others in , so then in turn we try to fuck with you and your trade agreement which is unfair too . 
  i think its great because we finally get some spine to stand up for ourselves . 
  no one wants special rules for romania , we are part of eu so we negotiate as a block . 
  period . 
  i think you misread . 
  what i said is that i am offended by the canadian fake pretense that the system . 
  it is not fair . 
  and there is nothing wrong with that . 
  paraguay is not part of the eu . 
  so why would you care if they asked ? 
  you can just tell them to f off . 
  i like that better . 
  romanian population is very segmented . 
  you will find that most well educated romanians will be more knowledgeable , harder working and generally brilliat compared to their western counterparts . 
  but conversely the uneducated romanians will be 10x more idiotic , rude and plain dumb compared to their western cpunterparts . 
  this is a generalisation but i found it to be true a lot of times . 
  i actually find this pretense of fairness as offensive . 
  there is no such thing as fairness in this sort of situations . 
  some countries will be treated unfavorable due to factors such as race , religion , economic situation etc. 
  its just human nature . 
  just stop pretending to be fair . 
  i live in australia and our government specifically favours christian refugees from iraq and syria . 
  is it fair ? 
  do we care ? 
  hell no , this is the people we want to favour and that is how it should be . 
  where does it say poland fielded 4th largest army ? 
  the link says 254,000 at height of its power . 
  am i reading it wrong ? 
  are you sure about that ? 
  i know the poles contributed greatly but 2nd to 4th biggest army in europe ? 
  ` their ' and also eastern europe is the west 's only chance at remaining relevant and culturally european . 
  when eastern europeans go to the west they are assimilated within a generation . 
  within one generation you will have people that look lile danes just with dark hair and a funny last name . 
  also we have a highly educated upper echelon of our workforce which is far superior to their western counterparts that is ready to work harder too . 
  but of course with the good you guys have to take the trash too . 
  you cant expect to bleed us dry of brilliant people and resources and not get the trash too . 
  its the price you have to pay . 
  islamic spiritual leader, 
  let us not forget little bighorn, 
  true that , much prefer islamic hordes hellbent on spreading their culture myself, 
  i dont wats up with the finns , you all sound dumb as hell on reddit . 
  do you not understand schengen has nothing to do with this ? 
  anyone from romania can freely go to the north with no restrictions , just need to show id . 
  i feel like we are the only ones that understand each other and everyone else is crazy haha, 
  zero impact . 
  schengen has nothong to do with that, 
  yes something is wrong , it is called gypsy culture .
