  thats ridiculous . 
  people should be proud of their flag not see it as a far right thing . 
  meh romania and bulgaria are in there . 
  not that much difference really . 
  dude those are women in the countryside . 
  more like grandmothers not mothers . 
  there is a huuge divide between people in urban and rural areas . 
  having grown up in the centre of an urban area i barely ever saw old people like that . 
  hold on a second . 
  so the eu was happy to brain drain romania , welcome all the highly qualified engineers , doctors , it specialists . 
  the eu was happy to order the dismantling of all the industries so that the country turns from a producer to an importer of goods . 
  but when it comes to the negatives you start whining . 
  well you wanted the good you now have to put up with the bad !, 
  also i would n't worry about the romanian beggars too much . 
  at least they do n't want to destroy your culture and civilisation . 
  you will be taken over by somalis , syrians , afghans long before the romanians . 
  and they hate you and all that you stand for . 
  so i would worry more about that than some dirty people that want some spare cash . 
  the good relations only just happened . 
  before that ukraine and romania had pretty poor relations . 
  i really do n't think you are american . 
  ` obcessed ' ? 
  really ? 
  honestly , i would rather see transnistria divided between ukraine and moldova . 
  the region never belonged to moldova historically . 
  the regions with moldovan majority can be integrated into moldova but the rest with ukranian amd russian majority shouldnt . 
  it would cause more trouble than itvis worth . 
  dude you should see the romanian diplomatic personnel . 
  it 's shameful , half of them can barely speak a foreign language . 
  it 's all about who you know . 
  that 's exactly what worries me . 
  surely there was some sort of knowledge of his corrupt activities . 
  that brings up a loooooot of questions . 
  so this guy was named finance minister on 14 december 2014 and only 3 months he resigns due to corruption . 
  says something about the levels of corruption . 
  there is probably not one person high up that has n't done something dodgy . 
  i just think its sad how the ethnic make up of the town went from german majority in 1980 to 1 german left in 1996 and none today . 
  hell yes the australian approach is the best by far . 
  it was an election promise of the current pm and i am happy that he stood by it although unpopular with idiotic greenies who think for some reason that its great to let in unskilled , pptentially dangerous people into the country with no limits . 
  well that should have nothing to do with the political relationship . 
  ever since the end of wwi romania and poland have had the same diplomatic goals . 
  there is no other option but close co-operation if we are ever to weather the menace to our east . 
  the actions of a minority group should have no relevance whe it comes to geopolitics . 
  just like switzerland in wwi and ww2 ? 
  haha yeah was about to say this exact same thing . 
  just cus a portion of a road is better does n't mean anything . 
  the state of the roads in romania is disgraceful to say the least . 
  also im sure that road would have been built with european funds that we struggle to absorb anyway . 
  ahh good ol glory days in grozny, 
  its only been in the last year when it was ramped up . 
  and honestly i think its been used at least partly for political reasons before that ( and probably even now ) . 
  look lets not call it insane progress . 
  its good progress but there is such a long way to go still . 
  i mean this anti corruption spree started in the last year . 
  however , even in the last 4 months there were highly corrupt people that were protected from prosecution . 
  its only since december when the old president finished his term that lots of people from his circle of power are getting prosecuted . 
  its pressure from the us and eu that is pushing all this , having a corrupt state next to the mess in ukraine is a big problem . 
  to be fair such high profile arrests were unheard of 10 yrs ago so we just need to keep it up . 
  ukraine can no longer into space, 
  fair enough agree to disagree, 
  well that confirms they are partially native and it is also speaking about migration from millenias ago . 
  this is so far removed from the case of the gypsies its not even worth mentioning . 
  malta is anything but roman , they are a mix if southern italian and arabic . 
  their language is quite close to arabic too . 
  as far as i know the sami are indigenuous people of northern areas . 
  where did they migrate from ? 
  the gypsies came from india as slaves and hence are not natives like the sami . 
  so no the comparison does not stand . 
  i dont think anyone considers romanians roman . 
  whats your point ? 
  romanians have a very different sense of identity and nationality compared to norwegians . 
  for example the hungarian minority has been in romania for centuries . 
  many only have romanian citizenship and have never even been to hungary . 
  yet the average romanian would not consider them romanians but hungarians . 
  the reverse is also true for example we see the romanian minority on ukraine as romanians even though they dont have citizenship or have ever been in romania . 
  on the matter of gypsies its diffetent to samis . 
  the samis are native to norway . 
  the gypsies migrated from another continent , look different and speak a different language . 
  its hard to identify such a group as being romanian . 
  to most romanians portuguese are westerners and hence richer, 
  i swear you guys are crazy . 
  it must come with the high standards of living . 
  people become bored and start coming up with idiotic ideas . 
  ca n't find any other explanation . 
  yes its all organised anyway . 
  its a massive scam for stupid people to give money to them so their bosses get to build big mansions back home . 
  if you want to help them give them food . 
  i was not talking about lack of religion . 
  i said i liked the last part of the paragraph . 
  about how europe has lost touch with the family and everything is focused on the self . 
  that notion of individualism is exactly the problem . 
  everyone only cares about themselves , they wantto have a nice house nice cars nice things . 
  and then no one has children . 
  its idiotic and will lead to our existinction . 
  now i agree bucharest is not a pretty city by any means . 
  but that being said it ihas quite a lot of charm and there are several stunning gems of buildings . 
  many are very hidden . 
  for example i live in sydney and outside of the main city area there is literally nothing but suburbs with houses , in bucharest you can find great hidden beauties in a lot of places . 
  for example even at the edge of town you can find old military forts , old palaces and noble manors . 
  man the last part of your post hit me so hard .
