  apparently the cost of a nursing position in a regional hospital is a car . 
  its like an investment . 
  you give the bribe and in a few years you recover the investment and then profit . 
  i got mine done when i was 29 . 
  there health reasons too . 
  large amounts of men suffer from phimosis, 
  goodle the capital of turkmenistan ashgabat , those guys have some serious money, 
  joke 's on you the psd is right wing too ( ultra orthodox , anti-gay , lowering taxes , anti-foreigners , even starting to be a bit eurosceptic ) . 
  its ex commie and right wing at thevsame time . 
  the whole package , 
  wtf why would you put vietnam and korea in the list ? 
  you know turkey fought in korea too ? 
  are they invaders of korea too ? 
  sure but in these parts of the world russia is the big baddie, 
  hijabs can be sexy ? 
  in what world is that ? 
  umm russia has the biggest neo nszi community in the world, 
  even if you are right , if there is no planet there is no usa, 
  ` planned ', 
  have you been to africa or dealt with african business ? 
  have you been to africa or dealt with african business ? 
  have you been to africa or dealt with african business ? 
  yea same its a tough one, 
  germany would n't deport them even if they were walking around with suicide belts, 
  the dacians of course !, 
  i do n't think any sane person discredits the hungarian presence and heritage in transilvania . 
  yea i guess i see that point since the same old people in romania have that view , hopefully they will pass on soon so that communism becomes a distant nightmare, 
  i am honestly surprised romania is so high at 52 % , i just dont see romania being more favourable to russian than someone like the czechs . 
  i mean even the communists in romania were actively opposing russia by the 1960s . 
  yeap they were also against the creation of a nato black sea fleet because they worried it would piss off the russians http://www.reuters.com/article/nato-bulgaria-blacksea-idusl8n19835x, 
  but romania was also second highest one with support for west . 
  so a funny anomaly , but east would be associated with being eastern europe not russia i would say, 
  where did romania fit in ? 
  we are the most anti-russian of all orthodox countries, 
  i do n't get it , you guys were literally invaded by the soviets in 1969 . 
  how can anyone be pro russian ? 
  i guess it will get to the point where the people will take matters into their own hands . 
  things like militias forming up and other such things . 
  try being romanian, 
  god please not this guy , if its not his ridiculous speech impediment its his obnoxious marxism that gets me every time, 
  love this !, 
  congrats and hope slovenia actually becomes balkan switzerland !, 
  well said , germany has got it so right when it comes to home ownership, 
  historically both countries probably have as much claim to the inheritance of the kievan rus but from a geographical point of view ukraine is slightly favoured simply because it actually has kiev within its borders as its capital . 
  well looking at some of the laws being issued against free speech in your country sometimes we forget its a democracy . 
  russia is already controlling politicians in countries like hungary , serbia , bulgaria and has been making inwards in romania too . 
  without the us influence and power in eastern europe we would have been russian satelites already . 
  yes its already been discusded in the next comments, 
  yea thats true ... 
  really ? 
  you do know that dobrudja was given as compensation for the loss of southern bessarabia right ? 
  which was annexed by russia despite a treaty guaranteeing territorial integrity . 
  not to mention the fact that the great powers had to coerce russia into the treaty of berlin to reverse san stefano . 
  yeah really great !, 
  looking back it turns out turkish overlordship was actually less hard than russian one . 
  i expected more from you . 
  you should understand that in our geographical area you have to pick a side . 
  you are either with russia or with the west . 
  there is no in between . 
  moldova and ukraine are perfect examples . 
  i would rather be an american frontline cannon fodder than friends with the russians ( we all know how well that worked out in 1877-78 , 1917 , 1945-89 . 
  apparently stalin was preparing a mass purge of the jewish party members before he died . 
  even molotov was on the list as his wife was jewish and she was arrested . 
  yeah i agree with what you are saying . 
  the jews were outcasts by mainstream society and the whole premise of communism is internationalism . 
  i do n't blame them for finding this attractive . 
  kamenev , zinoviev , trotski were all jewish and members of the first politburo . 
  socialism/communism was quite popular among the jewish intelectuals . 
  a lot of the communist nomenclature was of jewish heritage . 
  and it seems this is applicable all throughout the soviet union and ex communist countries in europe . 
  i guess when you have one ideology literally advocating the wipe out of jews than the rivsling ideology can become quite attractive . 
  a fellow jordan peterson fan i presume, 
  that stuff only applies in countries like norway with an equitable mindset . 
  in most countries its all about more profit for the owners, 
  at their core most religions are basically the same . 
  even the ones from different continents have a large amount of commonalities, 
  this guy fucks, 
  religion by itself generally is the source of a lot of the modern day moral codes . 
  its the people that use as an excuse to commit violence, 
  well he was back in the 80s but he actually became a useful partner in the modern day, 
  your kidding me ? 
  her lyrics say that ? 
  ` he was known to authorities ' ... is there any other type of terrorist these days ? 
  he is referring to anti-tank guns, 
  100 % gypsies . 
  its their modus operandi . 
  they create massive family networks of organised crime and are known for using women and even young children . 
  this specific group are from croatia but they could just as well be from romania , bulgaria etc they all operate exactly the same . 
  came here for this, 
  yeah this outsourcing issue is serious . 
  i work in finance and the same thing is happening here . 
  i guess i should go back to romania where all the outsourcing is going to . 
  then in 10 years time the salaries will be too high so they will outsource once again to liberia then they will outsource to afghanistan . 
  i think programming is a good background to have . 
  perhaps you could move to things like business analyst which seems to be closer to the actual business and hence harder replace . 
  damn i was considering getting a cs degree to try and prevent job loss due to automation . 
  yea the guy seems to be a troll by the looks of it, 
  yea thats a bit douchy . 
  still we have to love him, 
  no shit sherlock the books are based on slavic mythology and history plus some norse stuff .
