  a coup d'etat orchestrated by second tier communists backed by foreign security services is more glamorous ? 
  right ... 
  so does beria . 
  fair few villaims from your small little country , 
  obvious troll . 
  or he himself is one of them , 
  oh wow that is very interesting . 
  if she wins and somehow manages to alleviate the crisis there that would be a serious political gain . 
  stop right there please . 
  refugees do n't want to destroy europe but it will happen nonetheless . 
  it 's already happening . 
  and i say this as a migrant aswell . 
  but i am firmly against unrestricted immigration . 
  amen to that . 
  the policy in australia is so succesful that even labour has come out to support it . 
  not trying to defend the russians but theres a bit of a difference between them and the uneducated , muslim masses coming from africa . 
  in sydney this will literally get you nothing at the moment . 
  a parking lot got recentely sold for 250k aud !, 
  there were several . 
  for example aro was still a good enterprise in the early 90s but outright corruption brought it down and the privatisation killed it . 
  some were still competitive , some were downright loss making . 
  many had terrible management which ran them in the ground . 
  unfortunately it will probably happen . 
  eu comes with good and bad . 
  well its probably both . 
  first they killed the existing romanian owned industries . 
  then they brought in foreign owned ones to take advantage of the cheap labour . 
  everyone loses except the big corporations . 
  fantastic photos . 
  i was very upset today by a sri lankan that said he went to bulgaria and said he did n't like it especially sofia . 
  i mean wtf i am sure there are some ahittie commie blocks like all of eastern europe but how can someone not appreciate the architecture of tje old city centre ? 
  that 's not really a conspiracy theory anymore . 
  it 's pretty much fact . 
  ma refeream la chestii gen clanurile mafiote carpaci etc. 
  again , i was n't referring to the general people and crime . 
  i live in sydney and let me tell you that there is way more thefts and violent crime here compared to romania . 
  but what i was referring to is stuff the average person wouldnt see . 
  in timisoara a lot of those historical houses you saw and liked in the city center are now owned by organised crimes ran by gypsy clans . 
  they built a real estate empire with the support of the city hall , politicians etc. 
  their current lawyer used to be the romanian chief of police . 
  it 's this type of organised crime mixed with politics that has fucked the country for 25 years . 
  and its this that we need to eliminate . 
  romania : that imf , us and eu told our politicians to close down all our industries because they were not competitive when in fact they just wanted to destroy their competitiom and turn the country into another market or their products . 
  there may be a seed of truth in this as many profitable industries were closed down but it was mainly due to rampant corruption . 
  living in australia is such a roller coaster . 
  oh you come from romania , that 's where rome is too , is n't it ? 
  or oh you come from romania , that 's in russia is n't it ? 
  i 'm not talking about violent crime . 
  in terms of violent crime well that is almost non existant . 
  i am talking about stuff like the real estate and property mafia . 
  cities like timisoara have real estate run by crime syndicates which have deep links with the politicians and the police . 
  they illegally take ownership , evict innocent people , intimdate owners etc. 
  yet with all this we still have cities which are run by organised crime that is virtually untouchable . 
  until those high end groups are being targeted there is a long way to go . 
  ive met plenty of british people that have left their hometown because they became foreigners in their own country , where they were being looked down upon for being white british . 
  im pretty sure thats racist too . 
  oh look you are getting downvoted for speaking your mind . 
  what a surprise . 
  it may already be too late for many countries ie uk , sweden . 
  serbs have ajvar or something and its pretty damn good too, 
  ahhh yes god 's gift to mankind in food form !, 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  saying that i felt better that least someone is doing as shit as us . 
  and that photo is absolutely disgusting . 
  who would do such a thing !? 
  a crime !, 
  jeez i 'm sorry turkey but this making me feel at least a bit better : /, 
  that 's so retarded . 
  florida may have more gdp and more population but it does n't mean it 's more relevant than a small european country such as as say estonia , croatia or slovenia which have a rich culture , history , architecture , traditions . 
  to a lot of people that is ten times more relevant and important . 
  i was going to say that wasnt bad ... until i realised you said that was the best : /, 
  well the treasure was sent in 1916 . 
  the war happened in the 1940s . 
  it 's not like they were going to give it back but just changed their mind suddenly when we invaded them . 
  also , we did pay war reparations after ww2 . 
  this sucks . 
  but at least you guys did n't loose a huge chunk of your gold reserves to russia https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/romanian_treasure, 
  finally !!, 
  i was always wondering why the brits did n't just deploy the army to stop this madness . 
  was referring to the northern europe poor , north africa rich part, 
  how things have changed, 
  now africa is coming to the north so no more need to separate, 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  who do you think will get in power ? 
  id cards are a necessity in modern society, 
  well said , 
  ethnic minority and immigrant are very different things . 
  immigrants imply more recent arrivals . 
  ethnic minorities could have been there for hundreds upon hundreds of years and be integrated in society . 
  bosnia and romania stronk and pure !, 
  have ' t you seen the memes about sweden ? 
  how they are all lefties and love immigrants, 
  why ? 
  he is sticking to his election promises and the boat turnback policy has been a resoubding success . 
  europe should lay close attention . 
  on the environmental side things are pretty bleak but thats what you get when your whole economy is dependent on mining . 
  hahahah man you made my day . 
  you really did, 
  well what 's wrong with accepting only people that share at least some similarities and not accepting completely foreign people . 
  yeah thats interesting .
