  very interesting, 
  hence what just happened in australia where peopld got hep a from eating blueberries imported from china which had trace of human faeces, 
  the price is a huge issue . 
  but when i said bad courses i was n't referring to the famous colleges but the for-profit colleges . 
  many of them are complete rip offs and are more expensive . 
  we must not let this happen . 
  education should be available to all not like america where many people do n't even have a chance to have a decent education and where private colleges rip people off with huge prices and bad courses . 
  yeap big question right there . 
  can assume either looking for low skilled work or the welfare gravy train . 
  and that 's a worry . 
  if they do n't speak english that 's a massive alarm bell . 
  this indicates either people looking for unskilled work or welfare . 
  so def agree that must stop . 
  now that auckland oakland shit is funny !, 
  haha how the hell ? 
  where was he coming from ? 
  sure have . 
  i went to school there until 11th grade then i finished high school in a developed western country . 
  needless to say my level was way above anyone else . 
  i literally topped every subject including english and got a scholarship which paid for my uni degree because of it . 
  in romania i was towards the bottom of a class but at a good high school . 
  when it comes to free thinking i agree communism was not very conducive . 
  but in the area of exact sciences it did do very well . 
  i agree a lot of the teachers in romania were weird idiots while my western teachers were amazing cool people . 
  but the differences in the curriculum and their knowledge were huge . 
  that being said i know its all going downhill now . 
  yes it does , it has everything to do with what came before . 
  saying that today 's programmers are a result of piracy and internet access is ridiculous and pretty dumb . 
  the internet helped a lot but who do you think taught the first generation of programmers back in the 1990s ? 
  also my father is an it engineer as well . 
  back in the 80s he went to china to install romanian computers and teach the chinese ( how silly does that sound ) . 
  his best friend left straight after 1989 and now is a respected it teacher at atexas university . 
  there are loads of highly respected programmers that left romania in the early 1990s well before the advent of internet and piracy . 
  there were lots if fucktards for sure but there were also a lot of brilliant minds that laid the foundations of what we have today . 
  well i would say on the exact science part it definetly produced a ton of good engineers , mathematicians , statisticians etc. 
  why do you think we have the highest number of it people per capita in europe ? 
  because ever since the 1950s the commies established a long tradition of calculation centres all over the country . 
  when it comes to the exact sciences education nowadays pales in comparison to what it used to be . 
  communism had a lot of evils but its stupid denying some of the positive things that were done . 
  dont know about bulgaria but for romania communism had a very positive impact on education . 
  before communism the country was an agragrian society with about 40 % of people being illiterate . 
  by 1960 the literacy rate was increased to almost 90 % . 
  so putting that into perspective communism had a very positive impact on education despite all its other evils . 
  no wonder they sued him that is ridiculous, 
  what does medieval ppl even mean ? 
  guy sounds like a troll, 
  yeah i guess i was making a generalisation . 
  but i was surprised to hear that the uk and aus are facing the same issues seeing as they have the common heritage . 
  the issues in aus are compounded by the heavy use of steroids and drugs among youth which is a dangerous cocktail . 
  everything is too expensive there if you are referring to australia, 
  no offense but this must be some sort of anglo thing . 
  australia is exactly the same . 
  looking back at my younger days going out in sydney there was never a night without a brawl or a bashing . 
  its getting so bad that clubs are now locking out at 1 am . 
  there have been many deaths of young 18 yr old people being literally king hit in the face in clubs . 
  its a huge worry . 
  the gagauz are very pro-russian . 
  in fact they had a moscow backed referendum last year against closer eu ties http://www.dw.de/moldovas-gagauz-region-leans-toward-moscow/a-17504239 it 's stupid they are like that seeing the russian treatment of the tatars in crimea . 
  meanwhile romania has a thriving turkish community . 
  it is not so simple . 
  moldova has been subjected to 200 years of russification and colonisation . 
  the rural population in moldova is quite pro-russian as seen in the latest election result when the commies got the highest result . 
  the country is deeply divided between the pro-west urban and youth population and the pro-russians . 
  plus there are minority groups like the gagauz which are thoroughly against a union . 
  maybe in a generation when the soviet nostalgics will be gone and the russian influence has been countered . 
  the best we can do atm is get moldova closer to the eu , continue helping them and doing joint projects , get as many moldovans with scolarships in romania etc. 
  thats really good . 
  but i 'm sure we also have the dirtiest air in europe in places like baia mare . 
  i love my fellow moldovans but you may be right , it is a very small country and it is not vary varied geographically . 
  there are a few cool medieval castles . 
  plus cheap as . 
  romania has been a western wannabe ever since the 19th century . 
  back then france was a beacon of civilization so all our intellectuals studied there and modelled a lot of our modern system on france . 
  ever since then we always looked up to france , england and germany . 
  now add the us to it and thats pretty much it . 
  so did russians . 
  there were russian ss divisions , and muslim ones and pretty much every nation in europe . 
  my bad, 
  nahh not yelling . 
  just reinforcing your point of how messed up british media is . 
  dude have u seen tge bbc so called doco the romanians are coming ? 
  they literally pick the poorest , dirtiest immigrants from the poorest , dirtiest de industrialised city in romania . 
  then they male a doccumentary about them . 
  really ? 
  i live in australia and i can take you to plenty of shit hole places that look like crap and where you will lilely get stabbed at night . 
  does that represent australia , a coubtry that is number in hdi ? 
  and how does that have anything to do with this thread ? 
  or with romania for that matter ? 
  yet again we were the scapegoats, 
  well apparently having an honest oppinion is now racist . 
  i wouldnt want to go to china to find out that the local noodle place run by italians . 
  so i agree with your position fully . 
  that is a silly excuse . 
  the soviet union was a continuation of the tsarist empire and was russian through and through . 
  all those georgians , ukrainias etc were fully russified . 
  that shit is scary man . 
  at this rate there will literally be no more young doctors left in romania . 
  what happens when the old ones die out and there are no new ones to replace them ? 
  ive encountered this in australia . 
  why is it rascist to display the flag ?
