  what does us have to do with anything ? 
  we are talking about russia here . 
  you wpuld think after dozens of turko-russian wars you would understand who russia is . 
  neither is powerful conquering countries russia, 
  dude are you kidding me ? 
  the same thing happens in romania literally !, 
  have you not seen the recent soros stuff everywhere from psd ? 
  im interested too read about hitler 's post ww2 plan for romania . 
  did we get wiped out or enslaved too ? 
  yes allies witth rusia . 
  and what happened every time . 
  literally every time ? 
  didnt know there is polish ukrainian tensions . 
  i thought the poles were helping out ukr with material and training . 
  im pretty sure ww2 soviet rape of budapest was way worse than 1956, 
  yeah hungary has a pretty bad history with russia too from 1848 , to ww1 , ww2 , rape of budapest , hungarian revolution . 
  but that being said hungary has more shared goals with russia than other eastern european countries . 
  from a nationalist point of view russia does not have any hungarian territories but russia 's enemies do . 
  so you can see the populist points of attraction . 
  lovely congrats serbia !, 
  the problem is that i don `` t know why you would think any of those issues ( which are real and painful ) would be fixed by brexit . 
  if anything it would hurt working class even more by allowing a more american style working economy . 
  not really , i 'm pretty sure most people in r/romania know about suceava , neamt citadels etc, 
  i think that is pretty fair . 
  not the list bit . 
  but the bit about giving the job to a local first . 
  if there is not an availabe qualified local than by all means give it to a foreign national . 
  there are double tax agreements between countries which settle tax stuff which is all based on residency usually and not citizenship . 
  can think of plenty russian genocides and ethnocides . 
  perhaps you have not heard of the killing off of all the intelligentsia and oponents of russia in all of eastern europe . 
  the massive deportations of the chechens , tatars , etc greece has not suffered under russian occupation so has little experience of that which makes it quite naive . 
  yeah they did some really messed up stuff that is unthinkable in today 's civilised world . 
  but a lot of the culprits are now dead or in prison and serbia is on a better path . 
  they should be supported to decelop as a country , join eu , learn from the past . 
  otherwise they will remain a revanchard russian trojan horse on europes doorstep . 
  yes that is stupid since russia would not give a rats ass about greeks . 
  in fact every time in history they intervened for so called orthodox rights in the ottoman empire they ended up conquering those lands and being more oppressive then the freaking turks . 
  as for serbia i guess i support them too as a nation and wish them well . 
  i feel sad for the destruction of orthodox monasteries in kosovo . 
  but would never support the ethnic cleansing tactics of the serbs, 
  i guess we really need another russian invasion in europe to remind us all about what their aims are . 
  oh wait that is already happening ... 
  yeah i was going to say just that wtf . 
  its the fsb and russia we are talking about here . 
  you know , the guys that claim ukraine downed the mh plane and such other stuff . 
  better to be a us economic slave than an actual russian slave, 
  why ? 
  i live in australia and i can tell you its not fun at all to have summer in december if you grew up in europe, 
  but this is just it . 
  was n't allowing unlimited eu migration the only solution to keeping britain western ? 
  the tonnes of polish migrants are generally catholic conservatives . 
  would n't that be the only way to stem the tide in places like birmingham which in full freight white flight mode ? 
  has n't britain allowed ridiculous amounts of third world immigration from its colonies in the 70-80s ? 
  does n't that endanger the so called western future ? 
  not sure who in their right mind would argue that ... 
  this made me cry, 
  i do n't get it ? 
  poland has received quote a large amount of refugees from ukraine so what is the catch ? 
  why did you have to bring romania in this ?? 
  whyyy ? 
  there was anti-ivf bill ? 
  good on you , stand up for your beliefs !, 
  in communist romania abortions were banned which led to baby abandonmemt , horrible orphanages and misery . 
  the way things are going probably more influential than spain in about 10-20 years.we already have lots of unemployed spanish youth coming here for work . 
  great to hear about rt. 
  wish the whole western world would do the same thing, 
  haha from a biologcal point of view yes indeed tiny loss . 
  from a lifestyle and sexual satisfaction point if view definetly a gain as now i can actually have sex without a condom and not experience any discomfort . 
  for me it was a medical issue , so lots of gains . 
  for others its religious i guess, 
  i love this so much . 
  the swedish program sounds like the biggest inconvenience and annoyance ever . 
  why would you wrrak saturday nights by closing at 15 00 ? 
  it f ** ing hurts like hell i can tell you that . 
  erection is hell . 
  but even walking is pretty bad for first few weeks . 
  i disagree , a beating is a beating . 
  the perpetrator should get the same punishment no matter the motivation . 
  only the severity of the beating should matter . 
  what does it matter if i beat you because i dont like your skin colour or if i beat you because i want to steal your wallet ? 
  i would have to go for a big yes on this one . 
  it may serve as a deterrant , if you get caught everyone will know who you are and people may come find you . 
  this crime is so heinous it deserves no quarter to be given . 
  call me when those funds come from islamic countries !, 
  wtf, 
  you would be surprised to find out that during communism romania 's science education was top notch : physics , chemistry , medicine were taught very seriously . 
  not so much nowadays but there are some resoectable remnants . 
  thanks for the reply . 
  good on the people for standing up and singing their anthem . 
  it is the utmost disrespect to insult greece 's flag like that . 
  can you please give us more of an explanation . 
  all comments are in greek, 
  well we actually changed the abbreviation of our country to rou for the french roumanie in order to avoid some if the confusion . 
  also all roma came from the east at one point , so no point in differentiating a people based on when they came . 
  well in romania roma people are called tsigani . 
  well in romania many gypsies were offended by the word roma and preferred the word tsigan so there u go maybe roma is not the correct one, 
  yeah holy shit australia . 
  i wish i could go back in time 20 years ago and buy some houses so i could be a milionaire today . 
  yeah its possible they are listed under romania though since thats where they made their big break . 
  im pretty sure moldova should be ozone .
