  sure but that is only of you care about money in life . 
  there are a lot of other things such as culture , history , relationships , art which can simply not be compared to europe . 
  after living for 9 years in australia i am now planning on moving back to europe and give up a salary that i know it would be impossible to get back there . 
  you are a messed up troll . 
  what is this white business you talk of . 
  finns , russians , albanians are all white so cut off the bull . 
  well how abput you stop being terrified and stand up for yourselves . 
  you ca n't just let people come into your country and start ruling you . 
  but that is already happening . 
  all schengen does is remove the need for id . 
  i can still go anywhere you want in eu right now i just need to show id . 
  holy cow that is insane . 
  governmemt literally crumbled and organised crime gangs took control . 
  crazy stuff, 
  abandon their culture ? 
  you must be retarded . 
  or have you not read about the fact fourth generation migrants are still outsiders and not at all integrated , instead living in ghettos . 
  also perhaps you have not read that the rich middle eastern countries do not allow any refugees . 
  for example research the number taken in by saudi arabia . 
  there is no way these people will integrate . 
  i can see it where i live where muslim communities turn their suburbs in shit holes and where white people are afraid to go to . 
  yeap this is the people that the eu is risking falling apart for, 
  redditor for 21 days and 3030 comment karma ? 
  give me a break . 
  if this is not paid then i am santa klaus . 
  its also possible that it is a russian trojan horse . 
  russia is actively funding right wing organisations in eastern europe many of which have an anti-russian rhetoric . 
  but they are very useful in creating chaos . 
  he does n't buy russian disinformation . 
  he literally spreads it, 
  who the hell cares about colonial powers in a poland discussion . 
  yeah you are right poland owes a lot to gloripus russia, 
  kremlin troll spotted . 
  obvious much ? 
  well it was one of the most advanced nations in the world . 
  western civilisation has a lot to thank the uk for . 
  well my comment was a joke too you know  but poe 's law, 
  wtf really . 
  russia calls european countries fascists all the freaking time, 
  hey i coined that yesterday !, 
  fake and triggered, 
  not really . 
  definetly true in the provinces, 
  to be fair i would prefer polish ir austrian imperialism any time, 
  huge difference . 
  i can tell you that from parts of romania under ottoman control and parts under austrian control . 
  the austrian areas are more advanced even today . 
  not to mention the beautiful architecture, 
  man we are shitting ourselves , you guys must be shitting yourselves even more, 
  jesus we are fucked . 
  what estonia ? 
  have n't you heard it is now called the baltic oblast . 
  well i guess poland better brush up on some russian :p as should we , 
  i hope thos is true and they get taken out one by one, 
  i was in a barcelona a few months ago . 
  probably the greatest city in europe . 
  such a good vibe , beautiful architecture , great people , the lot !, 
  somehow i missed casa vicens : /, 
  we have that crap in romania too but we are generally very anti-russian so its very hard to have any pro-russian stuff . 
  instead they finance anyi-eu and anti-soros idiocy . 
  that is just ridiculous ... 
  well yeah seeing as bulgarians and macedonians speak the same language of cpurse they understand each other . 
  dialects and languages are two different things . 
  so what if it was a restoration ? 
  no other place but russia would bring back communist writings even for their historical value . 
  stalin museum is in rzhev , tver . 
  also , just look up all of putin 's comments on stalin . 
  there is a clear positive spin . 
  what is fake in this article ? 
  how so ? 
  there is a clear re-stalinisation process happening : buses in st petersburg to commerate wwii victory with stalin 's face , statues of stalin erected , new stalin museum opened , stalinist inscriptions added back in kurskaya metro station . 
  it is all in line with the new russian state aggresiveness . 
  this is incorrect . 
  this was the case up until 2014 . 
  now stalin has been rehabilitated and there is a massive revival of the iconograohy . 
  then they get arrested for insulting glorious leader, 
  i know romanians that voted for brexit . 
  its like the fervour of the newly converted , 
  hey we deserve an honorary mention too :p, 
  sparta ? 
  what about gypsies that are not from romania ? 
  i was joking the guy does not remotely look dutch , name and all, 
  what about henry eugene siegfried, 
  young people do n't vote , old people are poor nostalgics , russian minority and other minorities back pro-russians . 
  farewell fair moldova it was nice dreaming that one day you would come to the road of development . 
  but it seems that you chose ruin : /, 
  stalin was preparing for a war too you know . 
  he just needed a few more years . 
  he hoped nazis and the west would tire each other out so he could intervene and get the spoils . 
  he did n't bank on hitler attacking so early though . 
  how is it a different phenomenon ? 
  they are naive idealists used by certain groups to advance their own agenda and are then discarded as useless, 
  useful idiots, 
  russia did the same thing to poland , romania , ukraine , georgia etc. 
  i ask again what does finland have to do with this ? 
  the people can move from one african country to another non-violent shithole . 
  plenty of countries in africa that do n't have wars . 
  no need to go to finland unless you are not really a refugee . 
  which of course none of the people in finland are , they stopped being refugees the moment they left turkey , greece or italy without applying . 
  sure , but as far as i know they should claim asylum in the first safe country .
