  not saying all aussies are like this but there is a certain segment of society that is exactly like this . 
  not sure if troll or just stupid pc, 
  i do n't understand how these sort of people are allowed to walk freely and spew forth propaganda . 
  as a muslim friend once said , these sort of people would be immediately arrested in a place like saudi arabia . 
  so then why are they free to do this in the west ? 
  for some reason only in women 's at the moment . 
  the mens team is just crap . 
  which is weird as historically we 've been world champions in mens in the 70s, 
  actually i dislike league even more than union . 
  but dunno why you are getting downvoted . 
  everyone has their own taste, 
  very popular in romania . 
  probably second after football . 
  personally i find rugby not entertaining at all and handball extremely spectacular . 
  so no comparison to rugby . 
  you know what , about 5 years ago i would have said you are talking rubbish . 
  now ? 
  i tend to agree with you . 
  haha you sound like an uneducated dumbass . 
  go back to learning arabic and reading the koran . 
  i 've seen some parts of germany that look way worse than the slums of bucharest . 
  should people stop posting pics of germany ? 
  let 's face it the city is one of the most dynamic , fun and hidden jewels of europe . 
  ask your fellow expats that fell in love with it . 
  everyone hates the coldness of the germans while everyone comes back blown away from romania . 
  that is impressive although are these people living there actually gypsies ? 
  i guess you guys did a whole lot better at integrating them . 
  it does n't help that until mid xix th century the gypsies were literally slaves in romania . 
  my family used to own several gypsies even in the xxth century as household servants . 
  well i work in a non-unionised field and i am quote against these all-encompassing unions . 
  for example last year the offshore workers union pushed for a 25 % salary increase . 
  what a joke !, 
  has their work improved by 25 % in order for them to ask for something like that ? 
  and so it goes . 
  its a gypsy ghetto what do you expect ? 
  flowers and freshly cut lawns ? 
  these people still live a nomadic lifestyle at heart . 
  so far romania has been arresting all migrants crossing and deporting them back over the border . 
  but there have been limited numbers . 
  so will be interesting to see . 
  kudos to hungary for standing up for themselves . 
  as an immigrant i fully agree with this law . 
  if you commit a crime you are out . 
  drink driving is still a very serious crime and could lead to deaths . 
  better a few lesser criminals get kicked out than risk switzerland end up with things like cologne . 
  as someone said care more about your country and people and less about foreigners . 
  why the hell not . 
  i think its justified they are proud of it and so they should . 
  they managed to become an incredible world power and a source of innovation from a small island . 
  i dont get this whole benefits thing . 
  so you can just rock up in uk and just get benefits ? 
  hell yes get rid of that crap , i reckon there should be at least a 2 year limit before you can get anything . 
  man this is the most visited part of bucharest , the old town . 
  the only part of town which kept its 19th-early 20th century look . 
  i 've been advocating for thatcher style policies in australia against the unions for years . 
  we really need someone to smash those damn unions that do good for their members but harm and hinder the rest of the economy !, 
  and how do you propose to do that ? 
  maybe if you would n't be such big politically correct dumbasses and let them take advantage of you there would n't be such a problem . 
  or maybe if you would n't give them an incentive to come and kick them out when they do illegal stuff . 
  oh but you are too good for that . 
  in case you have n't read the nye paris attacker had been previously arrested and deported from romania and banned for being a fake refugee . 
  his detailswere given to europol too . 
  now who is n't taking responsibility ? 
  we are deporting any illegals the instant they get caught . 
  what the hell does civilised europe do ? 
  nothing . 
  this is insanity !, 
  who threatened him the muslims or the pcs ? 
  surely by now decent people should be waking up to this circus and standing up for themselves . 
  group together . 
  help protect these threatened people . 
  i dont know im wondering could it be really that bad ? 
  are we getting the whole picture or are we getting just biased distorted reports ? 
  if it is true than i think the country has truly gone mad and taken political correctness to such an extreme where it becomes worse than political incorrectness . 
  he has also been banned and deported from romania in 2011 as he was deemed a security threat and his asylum and refugee evidence was deemed as inadequate http://www.nineoclock.ro/paris-attacker-already-banned-from-romania/ the romanian authorities had shared the details of his deportation and ban to europol . 
  but sure , why should that matter ? 
  very true very true . 
  i live in sydney and the nightclub scene is so bad compared to bucharest . 
  it really blows the minds of the aussies away . 
  im sorry but thats just not true . 
  ive lived in australia for 10 years and none of the 2nd or 3rd generation european migrants know their mother language or even associate themselves with their mother culture . 
  this angers me so much . 
  i mean holy crap portugal looks absolutely amazing . 
  and its not like its a bloody third world country or anything . 
  well it depends in a way you are right . 
  but for example in australia when the first greeks , italians , serbians came they indeed had their own communities . 
  but now 2 generations down the line these people are fully integrated and they are all mixed up and the segregated communities no longer exist . 
  cant say the same thing about the muslim and asian immigrants though . 
  haha thats a safe bet, 
  can confirm . 
  i worked at yamaha motors ( not in japan ) and the japonese expats there used to stay at work till 10pm even if there was no work to do . 
  they would literally sit and do nothing for hours because thatscwat their culture required . 
  quite sad really . 
  even the managers told me to ignore the japanese and go home at reasonable times . 
  a movie was made about him called the imposter . 
  to be fair hollywood has always supported the us govt, 
  have we really gone mad ? 
  dumbass american ... 
  good stuff !, 
  getting this !,
