  they ripped the world up with dragostea din tei ( numa numa ), 
  yes definetly spain and portugal . 
  i was just referring the part about eastern europe . 
  although i think the holy land and jerusalem was the main motivation, 
  australia has plastic money too, 
  muslims conquering the holy land not eastern europe , that was about 400 yrs later, 
  murdoch is pretty much the devil incarnate when it comes to media bias and falseness, 
  seeing this makes me sick . 
  i think britain should be able to send back convicted criminals , deny them re-entry for life and also deny entry to convicted criminals . 
  when you are so small of course growth is higher compared to already develoed west, 
  who the heck glorifies the mongol empires ? 
  maybe the mongols but not anyone else . 
  the mongol empire brought death and destruction in europe and wiped entire states and populations off the face of the earth . 
  the mongol empire is probably the worst example as it pretty much brought nothing but death . 
  unfortunately there is a lot of leftover backwardness in the countries you mention . 
  you may have noticed one thing they have in common : corruption . 
  if you compare the way the ottoman empire was run with corrupt bureaucrats being virtually independent pashas that were paid off for favours you will find interesting remnants of that . 
  yes scientific thinkers and philosophers . 
  too bad the subjugated slaves in the conquered countries had to pay for that . 
  i would rather not have them if that is the price to pay . 
  really , how can a place with a huge romanian majority belong to hungary ? 
  can you please state some academic sources for that . 
  as far as i know even the western historians accept the current version as there is no evidence of a northward migration . 
  so i just checked out your comment history and it turns out you suffer from mental illness . 
  makes sense since none of your replies made any sense . 
  by the way you are talking it sounds like i have many more years of schooling than you since you never heard about a thing called ` objectivty ' . 
  what the heck are you on about ? 
  reactionary apologia , what does even mean ? 
  i am talking about historical facts . 
  what does this have to do with anything ? 
  the discussion was about the beginning of the nazi movement when there was no clear line between various communist and socialist factions . 
  hold a second . 
  i said that national socialism developed from socialist and communist party elements not that they were or became socialist or communist . 
  what does the dap and dsp in the 1920s have to do with the night of long knives which happened like 10 years later ? 
  i was talking about the start of the nazi movement and that it is not untrue it had a common seed with communism . 
  this shows that people on reddit do n't even freaking bother to read whole comments . 
  why the downvotes ? 
  its freaking true . 
  hitler 's first party was the german workers party which evolved into nsdap . 
  also the german socialist party dissolved and many members joined the nsdap . 
  well national socialism developed from dissafected communist and socialist splinter parties . 
  mussolini started as a communist after all . 
  so there is a seed of truth . 
  of course the movements evolved differently . 
  oh yes i am fully aware of that . 
  farage at least pretends to be pro-british and a nationalist , corbyn does not even bother to hide his anti-west and british guilt sentiments . 
  really ? 
  it was established and funded by ria novosti which was state owned . 
  so what ? 
  he is a politician and it just does not make sense appearing on a state tv that is under international sanctions . 
  not sure how it is ok i any way for a politician to have a tv show on a tv owned by a nation which is sanctioned by the british govt . 
  watched a few of his youtube videos , the guy actually makes a lot of sense and regrets his past over-aggresiveness, 
  yes definetly . 
  although one thing care must be taken is with russian infiltration in diaspora communities . 
  during the cold war the eastern european information services had penetrated their diasporas in the west quite deeply . 
  for example there were instances of russian heritage or hungarian heritage americans working for the cia which creates disinformation within their own service due to their background and being influenced ( sometimes unknowingly by russian etc propaganda aimed at them ) . 
  you see the russians have been playing this game for over 80 years , the west is behind . 
  and this is about russia how ? 
  his name fits excellent doest it, 
  agreed . 
  we need our own troll armies . 
  get russian speaking people from moldova , ukraine , give them a good salary ( not hard at all ) and get them trolling and doing counter propaganda everywhere . 
  great post !, 
  unfortunately for us in eastern europe we have known and experienced this for a long time . 
  but to western europeans this is probably quite new . 
  the west needs to step up its information war and it needs to do it now . 
  russian language , serbian language , hungarian language , ukrainian etc tv channels must be heavily invested into if we are to stand a chance . 
  no ot is not . 
  it is about caring for your own kind , your own culture , your history . 
  which is the big problem with migration where people lose that connection . 
  human communities developed based on a sense of belonging to a certain group . 
  i am guessing you come from the new world where society is a lot more individualistic and not community/group oriented . 
  if people like you would not care about their country humans would not have developed . 
  why bother about building a school , digging up an archaeological site etc because according to you it does not matter . 
  hold on a second , are you serios ? 
  how come it is a bad thing to love and care for your country ? 
  i am baffled !, 
  i am curious what country you are from . 
  nothing wrong about being a patriot as long as it is not taken to the extreme . 
  ok turkey 's economy is not third world . 
  in fact their infrastructure is very advanced and way better than bulgaria and romania . 
  overall turkey is more developed than a lot of eastern euro countries . 
  yes there are some poor areas in turkey especially in the east but still . 
  really ? 
  so you would not care if lizardmen took over your country as long as they had european values ? 
  jeez you must really hate your own kind . 
  man this is something really wrong with you french people . 
  stop worrying about others and start worrying about yourselves . 
  hard to see a mob of squatters as individuals . 
  only harsh treatment will solve it . 
  if pitches and forks are required than so be it . 
  so no europeans basically, 
  stop this please . 
  i have never felt moe unsafe than on a train going through saint denis . 
  two different languages / s, 
  using the word ` merci ' to prove that bulgarians speak a different language is pretty lame attempt . 
  in fact that word comes from the time when french was the fashionable lingua franca and many french words were adopted into languages especially in eastern europe . 
  i know you are lieing because we all know macedonians are not bulgarians but descendents of alexander the great , all you have to do is go to skopje airport to find out . 
  yeah i have been to one of those places but honestly it just does not feel right . 
  no , those are the romans , romanians are the as roma fans .
