  how the hell would an asian population like romas have romanian and egyptian descent ? 
  do you have vietnamese descent ? 
  where did you go to school ? 
  the romas were slaves that migrated from north-west india and ended up all over north africa and europe . 
  the people that hate what europe and the west stand for will use those exact rights to gain more power ... until they have enough traction to dismantle those very same rights . 
  shit poor guy, 
  why the downvotes i guess people prefer to blindly live in ignorance than face the facts . 
  the white population is diminishing and becoming less religious . 
  at the same time the muslim , sikh and hindu populations are increasing . 
  how hard can it be to see the end point ? 
  australia has been doing this for the past 2 years . 
  is this r/europe or youtube comment section ? 
  this is a civilised discussion board . 
  wtf !, 
  is it meant to be real news or whats the deal ? 
  pls translate a bit . 
  wats with the walking dead ? 
  unofortunately your coment perfectly shows why the russians are winning . 
  they are masters in the war of information and have thouroughly spread their disinformation . 
  the east was not discriminated and the whole uprising was carefully manipulated and orchestrated with most of the ring leaders being fsb agents sent straight from moscow . 
  this is a fantastic video . 
  thanks a lot for posting . 
  holy cow so usa donates 600 mill and the serbians think the russians are donating more . 
  i think the us needs to invest in some serious propaganda and pr in serbia . 
  well i am not talking about literal survival . 
  but about survival of the current way of life . 
  call me racist but i do n't want to live amongst people that have a completely different religion , way of life , philosophy and that strive to spread their world views and force others into it etc. 
  each to their own . 
  australia has been applying the boat turnback policy for years and it works like a charm . 
  australian navy escorts the boats out of its waters . 
  then its their business what they do . 
  not human rights violation but sovereign border protection . 
  institute a policy of forced return . 
  use joint european navy . 
  return a few boatloads as an example ( either to turkey or to a buffer zone in syria or to a third party country such as egypt ) . 
  do n't worry ablut human rights when europe 's own survival is at stake . 
  then the boats will start slowing down . 
  wow i expected more from a person reddit . 
  my understanding of the reddit demographic was that its mostly educated middle class . 
  when did they let chavs in ? 
  why ? 
  its their right to ban things that dont belong to their culture . 
  like minarets . 
  they dont have any place in western europe anyway . 
  saudis hate isis . 
  isis specifically said it wants to kill the saudi royal family . 
  the saudis supply other groups and nusra at most but not isis . 
  they are bombing isis . 
  really ? 
  would you forego one month 's salary for a fine ? 
  yeah more like indian , bangladeshi , sri lankan and arab doctors come to australia . 
  and many of them dont give a flying crap about actually treating people . 
  oh you have a caugh ? 
  heres some antibiotics . 
  oh you have a bit of high blood pressure ? 
  take this pills . 
  oh i forgot to tell you that you need to take them for the rest of your life from now on . 
  there probably are uk ones but not as many . 
  i will tell why . 
  spain and italy got the worst of the worst in terms of immigration from romania since your language is so close to romanian . 
  people with 0 skills and 0 education went there . 
  so of course lots of these people would be very bad apples . 
  there is a huge gap between educated people and the rabble in romania . 
  that is so wrong . 
  we were producing way more doctors , nurses , scientists etc. 
  we are producing way fewer of them now . 
  so your dumb statement does not stand . 
  is that a real thing in germany ? 
  yes i am sick of this german blaming . 
  i mean its been 70 years . 
  enough of it already . 
  germany has more than atoned for its past . 
  well how would romnian gypsies in any way be able to refuse any quotas ? 
  good . 
  russia seems to be the biggest winner in this whole mess . 
  they are using syria to make people forget of ukraine . 
  well russia has been , is and will be the eneny of a free europe . 
  so yeah there is a lot of hate since russia seeks to break up and divide europe . 
  yeah i guess you are right . 
  still my point stands ,, 
  im sorry but you are wrong . 
  i am the first to say that saudi arabia is to blame for the spread of ideological toxic wahabism . 
  they are also to blame for not doing more to police the funding of extremists . 
  isis has attacked saudi arabia numerous times . 
  there have been bombings and also military attacks on the saudi-iraqi border http://www.ibtimes.com/isis-claims-attack-saudi-arabia-border-signals-strategy-change-militant-infiltration-1773754 the saudi royal family are seen as enemies by isis . 
  there are certain individuals that do support and fund isis but not the higher powers . 
  hence saudi arabia bombing isis . 
  well i guess that makes sense . 
  when you have an ethnic group wanting to kill you for your sexual orientation . 
  thats exactly why this group is great . 
  poland can keep in check any russian influence hopefully . 
  yes that is true . 
  but you do realise that isis is a huge threat to saudi arabia and its monarchy . 
  the saudis love wahabism as long as they are the ones in charge . 
  if the saudi royals were to fall than that would be a disaster as the real loonies would take over . 
  why ? 
  18k is peanuts , i would find hard living on that as a single person let alone having a spouse !, 
  oh but why are you so racist ? 
  let 's get some downvotes from people that love their female circumcision , child brides and rape . 
  sure no worries,
