  i read that russia is having a massive aids epidemic at the moment due to the governments refusal to fund needles for drug addicts . 
  holy cow estonia wtf !!, 
  glad to see romania is quite down the scale . 
  we had a serious aids epidemic in the 1980s brought about by blood transfusions . 
  no one even knew what aids was so lots of children in orphinages got it when they got transfusions with infected blood . 
  really horrible stuff . 
  the regime denied its existence too . 
  yeah but for how long is it going to work for ? 
  as soon as the labour party and greens come in power be sure that all the policies in australia will be reversed . 
  haha yeah i think some people really over-hype this whole thing . 
  the level of corruption is so high and a lot of these people get released very quickly and the stolen money is almost never recovered . 
  exactly . 
  i fucking cursed my parents for years because they didnt circumcise me . 
  now i have to go through an ordeal of doing it when i am older and suffer in pain for months because of that . 
  so definetly not the same . 
  well the reason they let us in has less to do with our corruption levels amd more to do with is being markets for their products . 
  yeah there were even indian ss troops . 
  literally every nationality !, 
  its the same in australia houses cost an arm and a leg but the building quality is deplorable . 
  all made out of wood , brick walls on the outside and gyprock on the inside . 
  you could literally smash the wall with a punch . 
  i have a feeling she is extremely young and/or imature judging by her replies . 
  my aussie mate always thought they said ` parkey ' as they live in parking lots lol i knew it was pikey not parkey, 
  exactly , people forget about the levels of peace and unity that bringing european nations together has brought . 
  i find this extremely upsetting . 
  as a romanian i feel quite a lot of kinship to the serbian people but this was definitely a genocide and should be recognised as such . 
  we need to keep the proportions . 
  the levels of corruption are so high we could only dream of having same standards in politics as western european countries have . 
  now you 're getting technical , 
  i think its jersey island from uk not new jersey , 
  wtf is up with the downvotes ? 
  if you are in nsw you may have heard of the jims franchises ( jims bins etc ) . 
  well the guy that started it is a history phd who was rejected by academia due to his conservatove views . 
  so he went on to start a succesful multi million dollar franchise from scratch , 
  you would n't believe the amount of left wing bafoons that are teaching at australian universities . 
  i have actually been told that if you have conservative views you probably wo n't even be able to get a job in academia in oz . 
  so ueah he will def go back to that . 
  actually not all communist countries . 
  romania was in default in 1981 . 
  it then started austerity measures which led to the payment of all debts by 1989 . 
  however this caused masdive drop in living standards which led to fall of communism . 
  i know wtf !!!, 
  i really liked germany 's song . 
  literally thought it was a very good song . 
  could n't believe they got 0 points !, 
  see my explanation above . 
  hes talking about corrupt people that paid bribes to get a diploma but arent actually competent . 
  hence they cause deaths when treating people . 
  i think what he is actually trying to say is that due to corruption a lot of people pay bribes to get their doctor diplomas in romania and bulgaria . 
  so they may not be competent and cause deaths when they attempt to treat people . 
  so if these doctors that are now working in greece will leave than the greek people will benefit as there will be less malpractice . 
  yeah well id say there is a huge difference between ukrainians and belorussians on one hand and somalis and eritreans on the other . 
  the ukrainians will easily assimilate , the africans a lot harder . 
  oh do n't worry their children will go back to syria ... as radicalised foreign jihadi fighters ... 
  this !!, 
  the us has significatly less annual leave days and work longer hours . 
  what 's even worse is that u actually have a mosque in your town in the first place . 
  i know . 
  and this literally shits me so much . 
  i mean sure we have some scum and bad apples but at least we are not freaking decapitating people on the street , gangraping underage girls , trying to take over and bringing a foreign culture and religion . 
  i am still blown away by how something like this could happen in a civilised country as the uk . 
  it just doesnt make any sense . 
  oh how the mighty have fallen, 
  very true . 
  lets see what will happens in oz then . 
  the real wages have stagnated for quite some time so will be interesting to see the mortgage defaults in the coming years . 
  fair call . 
  can confirm . 
  i work in australia and we are doing an erp implementation and brought a specialist in from lithuania . 
  we need more people like you in the world . 
  44 % jesus that is intense !, 
  how can you live in ro and not know what an akm is ? 
  romania stronk !, 
  his tough stance and asylum seekers and proposed laws to take away citizenship of people going to fight isis are def good . 
  why ? 
  it 's not like the migrants will go to poland . 
  they will go to the richer welfare states . 
  well at least abbott is doing one thing right . 
  he has the balls to put the foot down and say enough is enough with all this refugee business . 
  they like to think they are, 
  well they are welcomed by the majority population in transnistria : /, 
  actually it 100 % is rich people that are doing it . 
  currently in sydney 50 % of all properties bought are done by investors . 
  they are pricing owner-occupiers out of the market as most of them are willing to bid extra hundreds of thousands of dollars . 
  this has led to 30 % increases in house prices over the past 2 years . 
  which is leading to a feeding frenzy that further fuels house prices . 
  if people were n't so greedy for more profit everyone would be a lot better off . 
  why do you need to have 6-7 investment properties ? 
  government is at fault aswell for not addressing the issue and not releasing enough land for construction . 
  i 'm with you man . 
  i live in a western country where the greed of banks and of rich people is driving the house prices up so high that it is leaving people with good jobs close to poverty . 
  so definetly not worth it . 
  they are mainly turkish or tatar and they have been there for hundreds of years and became part of mainstream society . 
  jeez i am happy to hear that !, 
  very sad news ;(, 
  yeah i get what you are saying . 
  i love animals but saving humans should our first priority !, 
  was referring to 1815 not 1945 . 
  dunno about napoleon being fascist . 
  dunno about other nordic cities but i thought stockholm was one of the most beautiul cities i have ever seen .
