  commie blocks may look terrible but they sure help out with housing availability , small distances / urban sprawl . 
  and to pair communism and orthodoxy . 
  the communists hated and cracked down on the orthodox church , tons of priests were killed and churches destroyed . 
  well as long as they are doing the right thing for australian people nothing else really matters, 
  well to be fair those aborigonal children grew up in wealthy families , got educated , integrated and ended up a lot better than their brethren that were left behind and still live in the bush to this day, 
  what do you have against the australian liberal government ? 
  it sure is a lot more competent than its labour counterpart thats for sure, 
  hey , we have an orange dot that is the same colour as the best areas of italy and equal to parts of spain and france :p, 
  always wondered about that . 
  use the word regularly but never knew the spelling . 
  til, 
  wtf he was not a surprise since it was known that psd was going to win by a large margin . 
  also i do n't think some pissant politician from some minor country should be listed next to trump and duterte . 
  excellent explanation hit the bail right in the head, 
  its actually the general accepted history that the szekely are invaders since they came in the carpathian basin in the 9th century :p, 
  lets just say i will the last person to defend brexit since it ruined my future plans ( living in australia and planned to move to the uk but now thats done with ) . 
  however , i dont think we can blanket call everyone that voted for brexit as being cunts . 
  for starters some people had quite valid reasons and others were purely misinformed or disinformed . 
  the real cunts are the ukip , news corp and other billionaires that actually did the disnformation and stand to benefit . 
  its likely that a lot of the people that voted for brexit will likely suffer the most from it . 
  what the heck did i just read, 
  touche !, 
  i was referring more to the population rather than the leaders . 
  dodon is kremlin puppet so of course he would say that . 
  lucky moldova is a parliamentary republic so the president has no power really . 
  was zeta or kotor i think . 
  fought in ww1 alongside serbia . 
  was invaded after the fall of serbia . 
  was sad when serbia - montenegro broke up . 
  am happy they seem to be pretty pro west . 
  do you think they would ' t like to be in the eu ? 
  in the uk its the other way around its ok to be racist to eastern europe but islamic pakistanis can do no wrong, 
  nice . 
  so we have leftist and rightist pro-russia . 
  yes it was in the early 90s, 
  more likely it will be a joint turkish-russian attack if anything, 
  i guess from our point of view we would literally have preferred a civil war with deaths that went for a few years then a communist hell for 40 years . 
  i love drinking in grey melancholy !, 
  pretty scary stuff . 
  no wonder le pen is so high in the polls, 
  i guess the people in power in albania/kosovo also do n't want to share . 
  wtf is wrong with people !, 
  how can they want to destroy such a beautiful ancient monument . 
  i mean as a romanian we have had big quarrels with hungarians but would never dream of wanting to ruin a hungarian historical monument or anything like that . 
  nope he will in fact still be an mp, 
  yeah i agree . 
  after reading this i kind of agree with him . 
  yes only most people actually do n't othetwise the current ruling party would not be in power with almost 50 % majority . 
  no , only educated upper class and urban people fight against corruption . 
  the rest of the people fight against them . 
  how so ? 
  serbia is a known russian ally and hosts russian troops on their national day . 
  hungary has orban with a lot of anti-lineralism and pro-putin rhetoric . 
  ukraine is literally at war . 
  moldova is a failed state with a separatist territory with russian troops and freshly elected moscow puppet president . 
  and bulgaria just elected an alleged pro-russian president and refused romania 's proposal of a nato black sea task force . 
  meanwhile romania had a liberal pro-eu president and government and was making huge strides in anti-corruption , known corrupted people actually started going to jail . 
  next minute we have a government that is trying to legalise theft , is using anti-eu rhetoric amd causing massive protests unseen in the country 's democractic history . 
  well the uk was historically built based on christian values . 
  so its their right to have christian influenced law but not any other religion . 
  just like no one can go to saudi arabia and tell them not to have sharia law . 
  this is so messed up . 
  we used to see ourselves as the stable eu country in a sea of nationalism , illiberalism , pro-russian eastern europe . 
  in the space of 2 weeks our government managed to bring us back in line . 
  because most people actually are stupid . 
  what do you think is the percentage of the population that uses critical thinking , analyses and researches matters before going to vote ? 
  not many . 
  this applies everywhere, 
  this is so wrong , even nazi germany tried to hide their crimes . 
  these guys happily broadcast it, 
  jesus h christ this guy is the devil with a baby face . 
  what sort of human filth would look at that and think this guy is a hero . 
  hes an obvious psychopath and its only a matter of time before he kills one of his friends or something like that . 
  not sure where you are from . 
  but you have to understand in eastern europe all politicians are poronshenkos and yanukovichs . 
  an honest person would not be allowed by the system to run for office , only thieving scum do . 
  could have fooled me that it was swiss alps so beautiful turkey, 
  st petersburg has always been a city of power that was a threat to moscow . 
  even during stalin 's time he was worried about the power of the party in st peterburg which is why he purged them . 
  all old european muslim communities . 
  none are recent arrived ( like last 50 years ) arab muslims . 
  biiiig difference . 
  unfortunately only the pensioners , people on welfare and state employees voted en masse for the social democrats that are basically the ex communist party . 
  they basically buy the votes of the masses of poor people . 
  why does germany 's constitution forbid it ? 
  do you ever think that maidan was not worth it ? 
  all the loss of life in the past years . 
  or does that make it even more important ? 
  do you think ukrainians will ever be on friendly terms with russia after all that happened ? 
  it seems to me that russia has been screwing over the ukrainians for centuries yet there were still friendly terms until recently . 
  thanks for the support . 
  violence is not the answer and realistically it 's not very likely . 
  the trial and execution was the biggest farce . 
  to top it off they were executed on christmas day . 
  plenty of other dark spots of the revolution such as the settling of scores between the army and the security , assasination of anti-terrorist forces by pro-russian agents , shooting down of a civilian airplane with journalists and the deaths of numerous innocents . 
  no , only him and his wife . 
  his brother who was attache at the embassy in vienna mysteriously commited suicide although je was likely assasinated . 
  their children were not killed , one of them still lives today as a private citizen and works as a nuclear physicist . 
  well in a deeply corrupt state like romania there is bound to be corruption in the justice system . 
  that being said the justice system is all we have .
