  in their culture if you break away and join the mainstream culture , get a normal job , start working etc you automatically become an outcast , you are no longer considered as part of their community . 
  this is how its been for hundreds of years . 
  you can try and give them schools as much as you want it will not change unless ypu forcefully take away the children , break the link with the parents and then put them in the education system . 
  and whos going to do that ? 
  absolute idiots , they reallydo deserve all the gypsies to go there so in 20 years they will finally understand . 
  are you for real ? 
  gypsies can already go anywhere they want , they are not restricted anyway . 
  also like it or not our borders are waymore secure than cpuntries such as germany which let people just walk in . 
  migrants are arrested on sight as soon as they are caught on our side of the border . 
  also i suggest you do some research gypsies have full access to education , healthcare in fact it is easier for a gypsy to get in the best schools and unis by virtue of being a gypsy . 
  however , it is ingrained in their culture to refuse being part of mainstream society and just take advantage of it . 
  australia does exactly that , tow all boats back out of its territorial waters . 
  easy . 
  100 % turkish mosques need to be the ones favoured . 
  in romania the mufti and the turkish mosques are the official ones recognised and licenced by the government . 
  the underground arab mosqies are the ones creating trouble and the mufti has stated that repeatedly . 
  yeah except this has not happened at such a scale since the ottoman invasion . 
  never have hordes of foreign islamic people thronged into europe at this pace . 
  the ballan were refugees were still european with most of them being christians . 
  tjis cant even begin to compare . 
  no they are not just a building . 
  they represent a totally foreign culture which has no place in germany . 
  the swiss agreed when they banned minarets as they should . 
  yup i used that stretch cream and i did jack shit . 
  all it did was make my skin get irritated and become paper thin . 
  now im sitting in bed recovering from a circumcision . 
  you dont see a problem with minarets ? 
  well now i know why germany is going downhill . 
  you people bloody allow it . 
  oh so they could be norwegians or finns preying on poor swedish women . 
  i see what you did there !, 
  yeah its crazy dominic of habsburg got the bran castle as a descendant of the previous owner prior to communism . 
  although truth be told they will take care of it better than the state anyway . 
  interesting . 
  can you elaborate more pls ? 
  this is the reason why i hate unions so much . 
  i work in professional services aswell and we get zero protection , why should others be protected like that . 
  i just find it so surprising as where i am now big data is being tumpeted as the biggest boom . 
  people with maths stats and bog data skills are making 100k + salaries in sydney . 
  so i dont get why belgium is so bad . 
  is it that much competition ? 
  agreed about poorer eu countries creating too much competition . 
  but salaries on eastern europe are growing so there will be a point when it will be less competitive . 
  i live in australia , work in accounting but am doing a masters of data analytics so that i can move to the uk and be close to home  just dont leave the eu pls, 
  yes yes but what i am saying is that in ottoman archives the historians recount battles in the xvth century say between vlad the impaler and mehmed the conqueror and refer to vlads army as the dacian army ( among other names such as iflaks ) . 
  so how would the ottomans have made any sort of connections between vlachs and dacians so many centuries after the facts ? 
  yeah thats what i was thinking . 
  i live in australia and qualified bi people make $ 70-80k aud and it goes up . 
  so thats y the comment blew me away, 
  why has the market collapsed ? 
  why is there such a high gap ? 
  is this just in bi or in belgium overall ? 
  1.7 k euro net is not great . 
  i have programmer mates in romania making 2k euro net . 
  and you can imagine living cost differences . 
  a bi consultant is a low net salary ? 
  thats crazy . 
  you are scaring me as i am considering chaging careers and spending a ton of money of uni fees to learn big data warehousing type stuff . 
  fuck those guys too, 
  in addition to this many of the ottoman sources refer to the wallachians as either dacians or getae . 
  and this is in the xvth century . 
  where did the ottomans get that from ? 
  try having the same flag as them, 
  i find diversity to be a very offensive word, 
  wtf no they dont there are tons of romanians driving to greece for holidays . 
  how would the fuel forva car with 4 people be more expensive then 4 plane tickets ? 
  plus you can also drive around, 
  what is an adult child ? 
  1 30 lockout which has killed kings cross . 
  hugos , soho etc all closed down due to this . 
  place is a ghost town due to retards not being able to handle their alcohol drugs and steroid cocktails, 
  hell no are u kidding me ? 
  the jokes about mr t being gay are soo funny !, 
  nothing has aged !, 
  so much respect for this man !, 
  that moment when the turks stand up for the germans , 
  the problem is that many times this is not the same type of begging as in the us . 
  there are organised crime syndicates running begging rings . 
  it is not unheared of to take young babies or children and maim them on purpose so that they provoke more pity from passers by . 
  there is a lot more to this . 
  the dirt poor beggars can not afford to take a bus or plane to sweden . 
  hence them being dirt poor . 
  yes , people will give them a few kronor and that will make them feel good about themselves . 
  feel all warm and fuzzy on the inside . 
  but in reality that does not do any good probably more harm . 
  you are very wrong and naive . 
  this is an organised network that is very well established . 
  they would n't leave the money in their cups for you to see but they are making a lot of money . 
  mind you they do n't get to keep it . 
  the thing is we know these things as we lived through it . 
  we know that giving these people money will only make ot worse . 
  but the naive swedes think they are doing a kind deed when in fact all they are doing is encourage further development of organised begging , human trafficking , abuse etc. 
  yeah i know its just mainly nrl players that do this and agree its a shame . 
  not sure where this comes from and why . 
  i guess it has to do with people coming from disadvantaged and low education backgrounds . 
  yes it is a shame but i also think these people need to stop being glorified . 
  how many kids watch nrl and think these guys are legends ? 
  i can confirm that a lot of young australians especially from working class families behave disgracefully in australia too . 
  the clubs in sydney now close at 1 am due to high alcohol related violence and even deaths . 
  also just a few days ago a famous australian football ( rugby ) player was filmed drunk while forcing a girl to kiss him ( she refused but he kept insisting ) and then proceeded to abuse her dog .
