  without it we are screwed . 
  we already have 2 separate posts on this on the front page of the sub . 
  as bad as it is i dont think we need to clog up the whole feed with the same topic . 
  there is a lot of rubbish there . 
  but lets not pretend that it is all mysoginistic or misrable . 
  i have had a look and i can see there are a lot of motivational and personal growth things for males . 
  dont see anything wrong with that . 
  lots of the stuff that is happening today is because groups that people that we dont agree with have been labelled in all sorts of ways and marginalised . 
  and what happenes ? 
  those people voted in trump and we are now in deep trouble . 
  its more a factor of land size . 
  since there is plenty of land size everyone wants to live in a house which leads to very low population density which in turn leads to public transport not being viable . 
  so everyone is forced to drive at least to the nearest station . 
  swtor would be great if it was single player and not an endless grind, 
  i would rather we had only the prequels than the ep iv remake we got in the form of ep vii, 
  its called tor and it sucks . 
  there will never kotor 3 . 
  we will get kotor reboot where revan is a lesbian woman that gives birth to kylo rens ancester . 
  not really . 
  australian suburbs are copy-cats of american suburbs , endless sea of houses built in the last 20-30 years max with a local shopping centre and school and no way to get around without a car . 
  that is still a rare site on europe although it is starting to spread there too . 
  thats silly , you would not have conscription for peacekeeping thats where professional soldiers go . 
  the only time regular citizens would be asked to fight would be during a time of extreme danger ie country being invaded or all-out world war . 
  no civilian was asked to fight in the army in iraq , afghanistan or mali that is all professional military . 
  a bullet from a child kills just as much as a bullet from a trained soldier . 
  modern guns are easy to use with minimal training . 
  there is also guerilla warfare too where militia type soldiers fight against occupants . 
  plenty of things to do eveen after you are occupied . 
  there are many cases where the resistance of the ocuppied people led to the withdrawal of the occupier . 
  ffs germany we need you to be strong not refuse to fight to defend your country . 
  how can we have an economic power that wants to lead europe when the germans arent even willing to fight for their own country ? 
  yes second balkan war , the war where no actually battles took place between romania and bulgaria because bulgaria was fighting against the serbs turks and greeks so we just marched into their capital . 
  still managed to loose thousands of soldiers due to disease, 
  yes he was a fucked up psychopath that ruined the country but he did not kill millions of people or genocided entire populations . 
  the communist repression during ceausescu is nothing compared to the soviet trials of the 1930s and mass executions . 
  the big communist repression in romania was in the 1950s during the rule georghe gheorghiu dej , those were the times when kulaks and enemies of the people were rounded up and exterminated in camps . 
  as i said before there were 104 people executed during ceausescu . 
  now compare that to stalin and you would have that many people executed in one day . 
  putting ceausescu in the same league as stalin and beria is ridiculous . 
  to put things into perspective all of 104 people were executed during the 25 years of his rule which included rapists , murderers etc. 
  most dissidents were marginalised and ostracised but not killed or not even jailed . 
  he really messed up the country and the people through his idiotic policies and personality cult but a genocidal maniac he was not . 
  as in islamist school sieges and stuff ? 
  nope just a nice russian trojan horse . 
  let 's hope we survive, 
  you can be an uneducated dumbass and live in the city too . 
  in fact according to the stats there are now more uneducated dumbasses in the cities than ever before . 
  there is no excuse for ignorance . 
  not quite sure what you mean . 
  who said anything about peasants ? 
  i said about uneducated folk . 
  if a person is uneducated than they are easier to manipulate no matter if you are in uk , us or romania . 
  yea it definetly is working . 
  since most ofour population is made up of uneducated dumbasses and retired old folks . 
  yeah pis sounds exactly like the psd in romania . 
  same rhetoric , same demographic , same conservatives , anti-foreigners . 
  its just that we do n't have whole anti-abortion thing . 
  imagine this : soros is hungarian and jewish !, 
  if you are a poor fool in romania you would believe he is the devil himself . 
  let 's put it this way this government has been in power for less than 1 month and are already trying to do these sort of things . 
  yeah thats messed up , huge majority, 
  the thing is even those regions now have small romanian minorities of max 20 % . 
  deportations and 50 years of russification and ukrainian migration have completely changed the ethnic make up of the region . 
  cernauti has something like 6 % romanian combined . 
  this makes zero sense . 
  romania has zero territorial claims against its neighbours . 
  the only claim is for a union between romania and moldova with the common accord of the citizens of both countries , since there is no majority will there is nothing . 
  period . 
  also , since you claim to know history you may research that russia never occupied all of moldova just the eastern strip which today is called the republic of moldiva . 
  also your analogy is ridiculously incorrect . 
  also you might look up italy and germany too . 
  hint : they also achieved national unification in 19 th century too, 
  for all its faults communist romania specifically said it will not participate in any agressive soviet invasion of another country going so far to even setup an anti-kgb intelligence unit . 
  so count us out too , we were basically considered enemies by the soviets to the point of almost being invaded post 1968 . https://www.google.com.au/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/politics/2000/jan/09/freedomofinformation.uk, 
  i have just finished reading a famtastic biography of peter the great and i have realised that russia has always been the same . 
  the great mass of people will blindly folllow the autocrat . 
  the only way change was made was through enforcing it from the top and even then there was great resistance . 
  it seems russia always had this hate/fear of foreigners that try and take over , steal our traditions etc and in a way it is true that sometimes certain elements of westernisation lead to some loss of local culture . 
  the decembrists , narodniks etc were always an illuminated minority that tried to enforce positive change . 
  and most of them get screwed over for it . 
  people like kasparov are just a small minority unfortunately . 
  i know , what the actual hell ? 
  what the actual f, 
  never realised how toxis green parties can be . 
  as they say in australia they are like a water mellon green on the outside and red on the inside, 
  you are lieing obviously as we all know that third worldshithole countries like switzerland , australia , norway or morocco are in fact not safe countries / s, 
  too late we already into space https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/dumitru_prunariu, 
  believable or not its the same here even though putin would pretty much love to wipe us off the map . 
  you would be surprised , we have our own share of trumptards who somehow think his election is a great thing . 
  same here , did n't even have to read the suspicious info about incorrect spelling and the like to realise this was a deliberare provocation . 
  i would n't be surprised if some of the so called ukrainian nazis are sponsored by some dirty money from kremlin . 
  yes i do and have no issues with it . 
  people are getting fed , they are safe from war and they have a roof over their head . 
  should n't expect some nice place , its a detention centre . 
  if conditions are not as peachy as expected it could act as a deterrant to more boats . 
  badass japan and korea, 
  this is a very simple way of looking at it . 
  the eu gets plenty in return from eastern europe . 
  the amount of workforce and huge profits western companies make in eastern europe is way higher than the eu funds received . 
  the new markets in eastern europe are a big deal for companies from the eu .
