  news flash croatia is considered east europe too . 
  seeing you guys have pro-russian serbia right next door and they hate your guts i would n't be that relaxed . 
  romania is arming up, 
  yayy western europe wants to sell the east to the russians again yayy, 
  please tell me this alexandru adamescu has no connection to dan adamescu who is a corrupt oligarch in romania who is known for mass corruption and crime , fraud etc. 
  edit . 
  omg just looked it up , it is his son . 
  these guys are multi-millionaires that have wreaked havoc on the country through corruption . 
  have no idea what his son did and not going to waste time on someone that is pretty much from a mafia clan . 
  what about australia ? 
  do they use it ? 
  a lot of meat we eat has antibiotics in it, 
  that is so cool !, 
  i hope they do n't get destroyed as they are funky reminders of that era, 
  yeah its called last stand against russia when you are surrounded / s i hope, 
  yeah bad example . 
  for all his evils ceausescu 's death was a total injustice and summary executions . 
  we need fair trials and sentences not kangaroo courts . 
  same could be said of gaddafi . 
  tunisia was always doing better than all others . 
  bullshit turkey is not hated around the world . 
  until about 5-10 years ago turkey was viewed favourably . 
  not its getting flak due to syria , akp and erdogan . 
  but no way hated . 
  whats wrong with australia ? 
  well its already there so might as well keep it as a novelty thing at least . 
  christian dick waving contest ? 
  thats fair enough . 
  but my point still stands . 
  surely a union has a lot better issues to fight for than this . 
  when will the swedes wake up out of their twisted social experiment ? 
  i guess this is what happens to rich countries , insteas of worrying about serious issues they make up dumb shit . 
  i agree aome romania posts are retarded . 
  oh looky our pm flies ryanair lets post on r/europe, 
  recent election of pro-russian candidates, 
  no , that is pretty much it . 
  nothing major but just cold relations . 
  well there was the danube issue with ukraine digging a new canal despite huge environmental damage . 
  to prevent any issues ukraine patrolled the area with warships which is not a nice thing to do among neighbours . 
  plus there was the serpent island dispute and also ukrainian volunteers fought on russian side in transnistrian war . 
  so no direct conflict but lots of disagreements and cold relations . 
  hopefully that will now end as russia showed its true face . 
  please explain how am i ignorant . 
  your comment makes no sense . 
  what about the balkan wars ? 
  romania did not participate in the first one and in the second one we invaded and occupied northern bulgaria without any battles or any battle casualties . 
  what about 1919 ? 
  nothing of note between bulgaria and romania in 1919 . 
  i think you are confusing years , maybe you are thinking of 1916 . 
  yes the danube and also siding with russia against moldova in transnistria conflict . 
  so more like cold relations, 
  you could tell this to anyone else but not to romanians . 
  we have suffered so much under the russians that we would probably prefer anything else to it . 
  give us your cultural marxism give your globalisation give your chains !, 
  because compared to the russian boot they are mere playthings . 
  for who ? 
  for moldova igor dodon is a kremlin backed candidate . 
  for orban a little less but still russian friendly . 
  serbia is a long standing russian ally ( i actually dont blame them ) . 
  only bulgaria is the question mark at the moment . 
  ukraine is a write-off . 
  we may end up somehow winning out of this if we prove the only reliable , western-oriented state which may bring more investments . 
  but i doubt it, 
  yes ukraine is fighting a war and is pretty much a failed state so not really a beacon of stability . 
  hungary has been saber rattling for a while now , theor ministries are trying to prptect corrupt politicians in romania just because they are ethnic hungarians . 
  bulgaria has been pivoting towards russia for the past 2 years . 
  keep kidding yourself that they would not leave nato at the first sign of russian agression . 
  how is it not remotely similar ? 
  there are a lot of striking similarities . 
  no , ukraine is the only one not pro-russian but they are a disfunctional state , at war with russia and was previously hostile to us back in the 90s . 
  so not reliable at all as an ally . 
  who would have thought that we wpuld be the last ones standing . 
  one moment you are part of eu , nato , have a decent prime minister , are battling corruption , having great economic growth , have us military protection and missle shield ... the next moment you wake up surrounded by pro-russian governments on all sides . 
  i guess it was a good run , the last good times we had were between 1919 and 1938 . 
  so i guess we can only get about 20 or so years of hopefulness at a time . 
  i dont want to exagerate but the situation is mighty simillar to just pre-ww2 . 
  and this time any hope of aid may be even slimmer . 
  i travel from australia to romania for dental work due to excellent cost/quality . 
  but i dont think its the best dentists in the world, 
  that iron curtain still be there !, 
  this is the ` original ' version . 
  without the dubbing it would not be the same thing . 
  yea some people dont understand thats the whole bloody point, 
  dude what the hell those guys look nothing like slavs . 
  if i did n't know they were gypsies i would have thought they were arabs or maybe turks . 
  definetly not slavs, 
  romani ?? 
  triggered !, 
  no i think its the turks and arabs that like it, 
  actually not , during the interwar period romania was catching up with the west experiencing an economic boom , we even had lots of italians migrating here for work because of the good economic conditions . 
  the urban areas were developing at a very fast pace . 
  why ? 
  its a masterpiece . 
  gary oldman is pure genius . 
  best dracula movie by far, 
  its called mental illness, 
  yeap i am the same , foreigner owning a property in another country but will only rent to locals or people with anglo sounding names . 
  just ca n't afford the trouble/issues . 
  there were mercs in the vietnam war and also in yugoslavia, 
  its a real thing .
