  bulgaria and serbia yes . 
  your joking right ? 
  that place is literally run by organ trafficking mobsters protected by the us, 
  someone give this guy a medal !, 
  iran is very different though . 
  from my experience iranians are more educated and less extremist . 
  sydney . 
  yes most young aussie guys are dumbass brutes that ca n't keep a conversation about stuff other than footie , beer or girls . 
  but i am lucky as i work in an office with very smart professionals so have quite a good group of friends ( of mostly ethnic aussies though ) . 
  melbourne is way better than sydney . 
  and yes women play a big part . 
  there comes a time in life when earning money is n't the most import thing and when having a decent meaningful conversation is more important than sex with some bimbo . 
  amen to that my fellow countryman, 
  yeah that really sucks for you guys . 
  actually im sorry but i stand by him . 
  im not a native english speaker and the sound does not exist in my language . 
  i se all my fellow countrymen struggle with it and think how the hell can it be so hard . 
  all you need to do is listen to others pronounce it , practice it and then you will be sweet . 
  problem is people do n't even try . 
  coming up to 10 years now with about half of it work and the other half study . 
  yes i am missing romania very much and am seriously considering going back . 
  other than good wages i find australia very boring and uninteresting hence i spend thousands of dollars on flights to romania every year . 
  jeez must have been another world . 
  now its the most expensive country in the world http://mobile.abc.net.au/news/2015-04-17/australia-tops-the-global-charts-for-cost-of-living/6400358, 
  come to australia carpenters are upper class, 
  reminds me a bit of the bolshevik elite and how lots of them like lenin came from very rich families but claimed to be speaking for the poor, 
  i actuaply meant that the roma wo n't leave or they would leave and come back . 
  but i guess this works too lol, 
  good luck with that . 
  ai n't gon na happen . 
  its funny because most western europeans wpuld put their noses up at that . 
  but i know how anazing bulgarian seaside can be . 
  yes the basarab dinasty established wallachia and also they fought the tatars and took control of the area from vrancea all the way to the danube and south of cetatea alba . 
  this area became known as basarabia from its conquerors ( this strip of land is now known as bugeac/budjak ) . 
  it was then ceded to moldova by alexandru basarab . 
  then the whole of the area between the dniester and prut rivers became known as basarabia . 
  maybe if you actually studied history a bit you would realise that romania was wholeheartedly in the allied camp until 1939-1940 when it lost half its territory to annexation and all of its allies one by one ( france , poland , czecoslovakia and yugoslavia were all gone ) . 
  romania found itself in 1940 with half a territory and no allies . 
  any sane person would have realised that joining germany was the only way to preserve the state and hope to recover lost territory . 
  even churchill said that he did not blame the romanians for joining germany . 
  the big mistake was continuing the war beyond the country 's national borders and into the ussr proper in the hope of gaining territory to be used as bargaining chip for transilvania . 
  that proved very wrong course of actions . 
  yeah well they gave it to the russians not because they wanted it but because otherwise russia , hungary and bulgaria would have attacked romania and dismembered it . 
  also this happened in 1940 not 1939 . 
  also the name basarabean refers to people from a region not a distinct ethnic or national group . 
  same as oltean , banatean etc. 
  also as stated above basarabia comes from the name of the basarab family . 
  they ruled over that strip of land when wallachia had control of it in the mid 1300s . 
  how old are you 12 ? 
  its called basarabia after the basarab family . 
  yes takes away the freedom to shoot people . 
  except only dumbasses actually want that freedom . 
  you stupid or what . 
  it has to be safe . 
  thats it . 
  indonesia , malaysia are both safe . 
  hell yes . 
  as an australian migrant that voted for tony abott all i can say is that this guy is a conservative that stands by his principles and he did what he promised : stopped the boats . 
  go romania and poland . 
  even though we both voted against net neutrality . 
  ha romania 3 . 
  im sure our meps would have gotten some nice sweeteners to vote that way . 
  definetly . 
  although you could say she is ethnic german from romania . 
  well it 's stuff that is played in clubs , it 's techno dance type of music . 
  but yes the real cultural stuff would be people like : george enescu https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/george_enescu - famous violonist and composer constantin brancusi https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/constantin_br%c3%a2ncu%c8%99i - scultpor , painter and pioneer of modernism mircea eliade https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mircea_eliade - philosopher , historian of religions and writer dimitrie cantemir https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dimitrie_cantemir - linguist , historian , musicologist , one of the greatest minds of his time obviously there are plenty more but these are more world-known and recognised, 
  edward maya . 
  thats the shit most ppl would recognise . 
  lots of it is trash . 
  the real cultural staff is not really known . 
  nahh we def do n't hate you . 
  i think that romanians actually have a better view of serbians tham the other way around . 
  hey we used to share a border with you too :p, 
  first in 1939 when country was overrun , second in 1944 during warsaw insurrection and third in 1945 when communism was installed ? 
  romania can not into balkans ?!, 
  / s come on i think we are pretty damn balkan even though not geographically, 
  i advise caution with australia . 
  depends on what you like . 
  its a very different place to europe . 
  after 9 years in oz i plan to move back to europe as i find it extremely boring . 
  salaries are excellent in many fields but for me it is not worth being so far away . 
  until 2012 russias population was decreasing . 
  dude say what ? 
  the baltics have developed amazingly post ussr and are now one of the most succesful economies in eastern europe . 
  population decline ? 
  have you looked at russia ? 
  this is so cool . 
  great way to repurpose a horrible soviet era monument . 
  a soviet monument would be an insult to the people of bulgaria after 50 years of communism, 
  sublime !, 
  geani, 
  no , during the russian revolution they prefered just executing prisoners or putting them on a barge and sinking it . 
  what 's even funnier is that in romania people that are called romeo are exactly that type of person . 
  i see what you did there , 
  ive seen this trend before . 
  criminal of muslim background lives a life of crime then becomes a hate preacher . 
  a lot of of the guys in isis were criminals and gangsters . 
  honestly i think they did the right thing . 
  better be safe than sorry . 
  my worry is that now the police will be more weary and maybe next time when there will actually be a kidnapped child they will not investigate it .
