  next time i checked finland is a looong way from syria . 
  which makes those people not refugees at all but illegal migrants . 
  had no idea about that . 
  makes me sad . 
  i literally learned english from cartoon network, 
  well these exact politics are leading to the collapse of the eu . 
  the only sensible policy is to immediately stop any incoming boats with the threat of force . 
  the organising an offshore processing facility which will assess all claims . 
  no one steps a foot on the continent without being first identified , processed and assessed . 
  on a human level i care about the safety and health of the people in the eu and could not give a rat 's ass about someone from africa . 
  i have seen enough of the failed african ghettos in france to not want any more of that . 
  dubbing is the most retarded thing ever . 
  it just takes away so much from a film its ridiculous, 
  not exactly sure what violent dictatorships in africa have anything to do with finland . 
  why should someone in finland have any sort of responsibility or be obliged to give them asylum ? 
  dude what the hell eastern europe is booming because we are catching up from rubbish levels of development . 
  when you come from nothing its easy to grow . 
  communism literally set us back 50 years plus another 10 years of post communism which was a complete disaster . 
  its only after we implemented real market economy and joined nato and eu when we started growing properly . 
  also communism destroyed our soul , our culture , everything . 
  it is possible that we may never recover : /, 
  jesus please not soros , please do n't . 
  actually since you mention soros i will let you know that the current filthy corrupt politicians in romania are using the soros excuse too . 
  they claim soros is orchestrating the anti-corruption drive to take over the country . 
  so let that sink in a bit . 
  soros is the biggest excuse that you could use . 
  hes just one of many rich investors that play world games to make money . 
  also i can link you news about machines switching votes from clinton to trump . 
  as you can see both sides are claiming the same thing . 
  which should make you think again when believing rubbish like that . 
  also rather than a trump lunatic i would rather anyone else . 
  that woman was specifically placed there many years ago just to tempt trump so that he could not help himself about saying stupid shit . 
  ookay so now we understand . 
  you 're ones of those nutterrs . 
  actually makes me happy we do n't have to worry about you zeitgeist types . 
  let me guess 911 was an inside job ? 
  but have you thought that by voting brexit you may have actually achieved the opposite ? 
  you know without the eu migration you will be left with one single group of people with high growth which will overtake your natives in a few decades . 
  ill let you guess which group . 
  at least before you had the poles offseting that . 
  what will happen now ? 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  first off the article clearly shows that people are sorry and are making amends . 
  really ? 
  wtf ? 
  people have their reasons and their lives . 
  not everyone is a power achiever, 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/sydney_gang_rapes why does australia have to always show it how it is done . 
  notice one gang member was 16 and sentenced initially to 15 years in jail . 
  no matter the so called cultural sensitivities, 
  not really . 
  i used to download and read them . 
  they are good fun . 
  and ` mare ' means both big and sea . 
  you got ta be honest the guy does have a point especially on the weather and food bit, 
  not sure what exactly is wrong with that flat building . 
  looks like a perfectly fine building . 
  not everyone has to live in a house . 
  we got ottomans for 400 years then soviets for 50 years . 
  that screwed over the mentalities in all sorts of ways . 
  with all that crap im surprised anyone still has sound judgement . 
  the balkans need about 50 years of good luck aand no wars or russian involvement in order to get back on track . 
  its freaking called brainwashing . 
  a couple of generations under soviet iron fist does that to you . 
  its not that people love that mentality , its all they know !, 
  it will take a long time to change, 
  lol are you guys serious ? 
  this is not finland . 
  politicians could not give a rats ass about trivial matters such as space , public transport etc, 
  historic mistake that has made the west ridiculous amounts of profit . 
  yes a big mistake . 
  your country has made tons of money from the trade benefits , low wages . 
  not to mention that pretty much all our doctors , engineers and highly qualified people have left to the west . 
  yes big mistake . 
  well exactly , a friendly ukraine that is not on its knees would greatly benefit poland . 
  romania also has historical quarrels with ukraine with lost territories and mistreated populations . 
  and even recent times , even in the 90s there were tensions due to ukraine being russias ally in the region . 
  but now the tables have turned and we understand the huge gain we would get from a western oriented ukraine . 
  just like poland we would be the first to go down in a russian offensive and a buffer ukraine could make quite a difference . 
  dude seriously yes i get that ukraine is wrong to glorify these people . 
  but i dont u derstand how you can say you do n't need ukraine as an ally when you have russia at your doorstep . 
  you guys are so blindsided by ypur conflicts and the only one to gain will be russia . 
  so you are saying poland would not have a lot to gain from a friendly allied ukraine ? 
  this is sad . 
  ukraine and poland need to mend their relations . 
  sure he does some dodgy stuff but he sure as hell does not influence every major world event . 
  hes just one of many rich and powerful game player, 
  thanks . 
  yes it was a typo , 
  yes it is corrupt pigs but they are supported by the majprity of the population . 
  even my own mother who is a highly qualified chemical engineer and has lived for many years in the west but now lives back in romania was telling me about soros and how bad he is . 
  this shit is real , and its freaking powerful stuff !, 
  we have already had this conversation in another thread  i enjoyy having a winter with snow and cold . 
  it reminds me of childhood happyness and tranquility . 
  its why i spend stupid amounts of money to come home for xmas from halfway around the globe . 
  and this year i cant afford it so will spend xmas miserable and depressed in stinking heat :(, 
  i want to be there :(, 
  you do know there is a difference between wanting to be part of eu , nato etc and being forced right ? 
  european countries got prosperity out being part of these organisations . 
  compared to russia that actually now has a standard of living less than even freaking romania .
