  ok you can say anything you like but dont play the jewish card . 
  romania has admitted its role in the genocide , has paid reparations to jewish families . 
  the government has supported the investigations into crimes committed . 
  also , the state of israel has excellent relations with romania . 
  also since you mention communism , all communist states supported the arab countries against israel . 
  except romania which had relations with israel and even facilitated the secret peace talks between sadat and the israelis . 
  its not in romania where jewish people are being attacked right now . 
  not denying they are discriminated . 
  im fully aware of that but they are n't helping themselves out . 
  maybe we are not good at integrating disadvantaged groups . 
  although if rich countries like france and australia ca n't integrate disadvantaged people what chance do we have ? 
  maybe you guys can do a better job and teach us . 
  thats what i just said . 
  pc does not apply to ee just to middle easterners and north africans . 
  actually no , they are far worse than beggers . 
  they are very aggressive , groups of them corner you and force you to give them money , last time a group of them managed to convince a person from my group to look at their merchandise when they pushed him inside their van and demanded 200 euro to release him . 
  is that begging ? 
  ferentari is the worst neighbourhood in bucharest . 
  im talking about the centre of paris . 
  also i would be way less fearful of walking in ferentari at night time than walking in a banlieu at night time . 
  so what ? 
  so have germans , hungarians etc and we see them all as separate ethnicities . 
  we do n't identify them as romanian other than their citizenship . 
  political correctness does not apply to eastern europe . 
  not sure why the downvotes . 
  with open borders comes undesirable elements, 
  that is shameful . 
  can you deport them when they commit crimes ? 
  yes yes we know and the paris bombers were all belgians because thats what their passports said . 
  do n't bother with this guy he 's the one that saw the would be female terrorists as french even though they clearly were not french but of migrant background . 
  do n't try to explain ethnicity to him . 
  yeah see all that ? 
  it actually does n't happen too much in romania . 
  home invasions or armed robbiers are pretty much non existant . 
  west is an easier target with lax police . 
  feel bad for you guys . 
  but you need to take a tough stance . 
  romania has waaay tougher laws . 
  also , the police will beat the living hell out of you and prison will be like hell on earth . 
  so you see not many people want to risk it . 
  in the uk you get a slap on the wrist . 
  criminality in romania is way lower than a place like say paris . 
  i cant even walk the street without being accosted by criminals from africa . 
  what do you guys do about that ? 
  nothing !, 
  of course our criminals would cime over to you if you have such lax laws and dont enforce the law.you have let your beautiful city turn into a pit . 
  i can walk the streets of bucharest at any time of the night with no fear . 
  how many big cities in france can say that ? 
  czechia nice you guys are really making sure it sticks , 
  we did that a loong time ago, 
  said the turk, 
  i got downvoted to hell for the same thing . 
  people seem to think its racist when white cornish bully white polish . 
  which doesnt make sense to me, 
  i am about to go on holiday in the uk and plan on wearing my romanian jersey every single day for some serious trolling, 
  when i say race is refer mainly to the look of a personand mainly skin colour . 
  thats what most people think of too . 
  i disagree there is white/caucasian , black/african , asian , indian etc. 
  all different races . 
  a black hating a white is racism . 
  a white hating a white is not racism . 
  maybe in british english but not in australian english ( if its even really a thing ) . 
  here in australia i have never heard anyone referring to racism in that context . 
  for example when the former nsw premier was attacked for being american and for speaking with an accent , being a bloody yank etc no one was accused of racism . 
  since it was not considered racist as she was the same race . 
  ah for crying out loud im sick of explaning the same thing to every person that does not bother to understand . 
  the word racism does not make sense in this context . 
  english cant be racist against poles since they are the same freaking race . 
  they can be prejudiced , discriminatory , xenophobic , chauvinistic . 
  as far as im concerned this really twists the term racism . 
  it completely negates the word which refers to race only . 
  you discriminating against someone from another town is not racism . 
  a serban discriminating against a bosnian is not racism . 
  its chauvinism , its xenophobia , its prejudice etc but its not freaking racism . 
  since they are the same race . 
  also your indian story is just messed up . 
  what the actual fuck !, 
  ethnicity and race are different concepts . 
  ethnicity takes into consideration things like language , culture , traditions . 
  for example , ethnically i am romanian , race i am caucasian/white , nationality romanian . 
  the current president of romania is ethnically german ( his ancestors are german saxons ) , race is white/caucasian , nationality romanian . 
  i dont believe slavs and germans are different races . 
  the way i look at races is white/caucasian , black/african , asian , indian etc. 
  for me german russian english polish is all one race . 
  different ethnicities but one race . 
  i guess if you want to go deeper and separate whites into into scandinavian , slavic , anglo etc, 
  i think that is stretching the meaning of racism . 
  i would use chauvinism , xenophobia when talking about your asian example, 
  racism is about race not ethnicity, 
  english and polish are ethnicities . 
  a pakistani born in england is pakistani ethnic and english nationality . 
  a white englishman called john smith is ethnic english and nationality english . 
  you are circlejerking since you did not even stop to think for 2 seconds . 
  of course it is racism . 
  you guys are really confused it seems . 
  i never said it was not racism . 
  and there can be anti white , anti black etc racism . 
  i just did not see how a white polish girl could be racially abused by white english . 
  since that is not racism but ethnic discrimination . 
  its like those people that say you are racist against muslims .
