  but ... religion of peace, 
  this has been posted 5 times on r/europe !, 
  who said anything about throwing stones at them ?!, 
  i dont like violence against human beings . 
  but we live as part of a society that has rules and morals . 
  and one of them is that people dont walk around nude . 
  hence why it is illegal . 
  it 's called indecent exposure . 
  and many people walk a fine line when it comes to that . 
  really ? 
  you approve of nude people walking around ? 
  sorry but i dont want to see nude people and i dont think children should see that either . 
  its got nothing to do with god or religion , just common decency . 
  ha the us colony of romania . 
  if only , 
  i agree with you !!, 
  the gay parade in sydney is just an apportunity for almost nude people to walk around . 
  and some people bring their children to see it . 
  really disagree with this behaviour . 
  i really dont see why there is a need to have a gay parade in countries where gay people are widely hated . 
  i find it funny that richard lionheart is such an english icon yet the guy didnt even speak english !, 
  same shit in romania . 
  second tier communist party members took the reign . 
  pretty easy : different skin colour , different language , different customs and traditions , different culture . 
  what is really sad is that i have heard of indian students in romania being abused because people thought they were gypsies . 
  sooo true !, 
  best anthem, 
  architecture . 
  literature.history . 
  holy cow slovakia and romania big changes in job creation in 13 and 14 . 
  whats the outlook for 15 ? 
  wow til about latvia being a colonising power !, 
  what 's wrong with that ?? 
  i think it 's normal for the govt to have that information about its citizens . 
  fascist dictator ? 
  really ? 
  well i guess they are cheap so there 's that, 
  i 'm pretty sure they still exist in romania aswell , maybe not in urban areas but definetly in rural areas . 
  i must say that i was surprised by your low rating of romania . 
  we have had many piece of crap songs throughout time but this one actually has grown on me a lot . 
  it could be because of the language barrier tho . 
  so much truth haha, 
  i certainly do n't think it would be better off without the uk . 
  i think it would be a huge blow for both . 
  bloody sheep shaggers, 
  how would that have changed anything ? 
  germany needed friendly states alomg the whole line for barbarossa so they would have just occupied hungary instead . 
  then the soviet army would have liberated it and installed a communist regime . 
  at best hungary may habe gotten transilvania out of it but still suffer for 50 years under communism . 
  czechoslovakia and poland are good examples of countries occuppied by germany and the ` liberated ' by ussr . 
  nope def do n't have a local name . 
  but i do n't believe anyone would just chuck my cv in the bin just because of my name . 
  i think my qualifications and experience would recommend me a lot more than just a name . 
  but if it does happen i would be happy i dodged a bullet as i would n't want to work in a place like that anyway . 
  did the guy actually open fire at one point ? 
  no , this is just another example . 
  i see now that the uk is exactky the same as australia where all academics are leftists obsessed with political correctness and multiculturalism . 
  it 's gotten to the point where people with conservative leanings ca n't even get a teaching positiom because they are not in the leftie club . 
  academia seems to be overrun by extreme left leaning retards like this one . 
  makes me sick . 
  turkey evil ? 
  dunno why it would be considered evil nowadays to europe . 
  except the recent erdogan stuff i do n't see anything too bad about turkey . 
  and this comes from someone in eastern europe . 
  haha i went to school with people claiming aboriginal descent but they were white as white . 
  still they kept going on about being opressed . 
  when in fact they were just normal white people . 
  ha , they would have loved to take him back . 
  he was a massive thorn in the russians ' side . 
  well said !, 
  that sounds like the typical retarded government run shit . 
  i was talking more in terms of business development . 
  in bucharest there are way more multinational corporations that offer great opportunities and employment to the youth . 
  the infrastructure has improved and there are loads of construction and new buidings . 
  really ? 
  that is the most ridiculous thing i have ever heard . 
  romanian migrants are highly educated in fields such as it , engineering , medical science etc. 
  the nhs runs with thousands of romanian doctors . 
  also to add to that they share the same culture and aspirations as other europeans . 
  within a generation they are fully integrated and you wo n't be able to tell the difference . 
  can you say the same thing of africans and arabs coming in that loathe western culture and have second generation migrants going to fight for isis . 
  with the drop in population in western europe the only way for these countries to remain as they are now is to bring in eastern europeans who look and think like them . 
  yeah but according to the article they are all russian immigrants ... 
  also , moldova was part of romania at the time . 
  so were the military losses on this map only on soviet side or on the axis side too ? 
  simillarly , are the civilian casualties caused by both axis invasion in 1941 and the soviet invasion of 1944 ? 
  never knew about that place . 
  they have some bad stuff but i see a lot of legit stuff too . 
  to be fair romania has benefitted quite a lot from the eu . 
  i left in 2006 before eu accession and going back now blows my mind at how many things changed . 
  still a lot shit thats true . 
  what is this shit in east european countries where all manner of scum manage to get to the top ? 
  the way i see it after the fall of dictatorship the thieves , conmen , mercenaries and smugglers managed to steal and trick their way to the top while honest hard working people have been crushed . 
  true that . 
  i wouldnt be interested in say an old dutch consitution or something . 
  besides this has already been posted in r/romania anyway . 
  nahh romania was not part of the ussr but it was a communist country . 
  from the 1960s onwards the romanian communists were at knife points with the ussr . 
  after communism basically our whole legal system is mostly copied from france . 
  we have always been wannabe french .
