yeah probably a lot better for hungarians . 
  compared to the russians the hungarians were little children . 
  really ? 
  you like that horrible architects association building ? 
  i hated that all my life . 
  i used to live across the road from it and my shower window was right in front of the building so if i had it open people from inside could see me !, 
  you are indeed someone reasonable !, 
  i would be a bit cautious about that . 
  during soviet times one of the tools used by moscow was to create so called trojan horses by getting some of their satellite states to appear to be dissenting to their policies . 
  these satellites would appear to be criticising distancing themselves from moscow when in fact they were just following instructions in create disinformation and confusion in the west . 
  this could be a simillar strategy knowing the close alliance between russia and belarus . 
  i never heard of the upa before this thread . 
  after doing some research it seems that they fought everyone : the soviets , the germans and the poles . 
  if it wasnt for the massacre of the poles they would have been a fairly legitimate group of partisans . 
  its quite terrible that they did that . 
  i see why some ukrainians worship them . 
  but still not ok to do it . 
  i remember that happening but never realised how deep it was . 
  pretty damn scary shit !, 
  there are plenty of these things in romanian mythology . 
  here is a few of them with some wiki explanations : strigoi - are the troubled souls of the dead rising from the grave , also associated with vampires . 
  usually known as an immortal vampire . 
  during the romanian revolution of 1989 , the corpse of nicolae ceau\u0219escu did not receive a proper burial . 
  this made the ghost of the former dictator a threat in the minds of superstitious romanians . 
  noted revolutionary gelu voican carpeted the apartment of the conduc\u0103tor with braids of garlic . 
  this is a traditional remedy against the strigoi . 
  moroi - a type of vampire but this one is mortal . 
  in some versions , a moroi is a phantom of a dead person which leaves the grave to draw energy from the living pricolici - a werewolf/vampire creature . 
  even as recently as modern times , many people living in rural areas of romania have claimed to have been viciously attacked by abnormally large and fierce wolves . 
  apparently , these wolves attack silently , unexpectedly and only solitary targets . 
  victims of such attacks often claim that their aggressor was n't an ordinary wolf , but a pricolici who has come back to life to continue wreaking havoc . 
  plenty more downvotes for you mate, 
  do n't worry it 's still the same in romania, 
  why a coptic church ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  fully agree here , the eu should really send a few experts along with the money to make sure it 's not getting stolen . 
  as a romanian i think it would be in our interest . 
  if the money keeps getting embezzled by corrupt officials we all loose out . 
  beauty is correlated with wealth ? 
  that is the dumbest thing i have ever heard . 
  i thought that actually was agip, 
  my grandmother is a decorated ww2 veteran . 
  she was a nurse in bucharest and other towns during the war that tended to the wounded coming from the front . 
  she remembers the ss totenkopf troops that had the skull insignia on their uniform and how they stayed back to the last man in a hopeless position . 
  sje also remembers the russian soldiers having about 10 watcjes on heach hand and they asked everyone ` davai ceas ' . 
  unfortunately she now suffers from dementia so not too many stories . 
  i know she met the romanian king when he decorated her . 
  i must break you, 
  that 's so funny because i feel exactly the same . 
  necer had anything against greeks but after euro 2004 strongly hated their team . 
  that ivory coast last minute call !!!, 
  nice  nothing more rewarding than teaching foreigners swear words in your language, 
  not gon na deny that . 
  we all know the famous saying of the byzantines better the sultan 's turban than the cardinal 's hat . 
  but in the long run the areas under austrian rule flourished while the ones under ottomans stagnated . 
  austria was definetly better . 
  not too sure about russia though . 
  all we have to do is look at former russian empire provinces . 
  other than orthodoxy nothing was too flashy . 
  well carol was german aswell . 
  there were some talks between stambulov and bratianu . 
  allegedly austriai and germany advised against it as russia wpuld see it as a threat . 
  actually you could have been closer to the truth . 
  in the 1880s there was talk of the romanian king carol i assuming the bulgarian crown too and the union of the two countries . 
  but russia opposed it . 
  haha nice . 
  you guys are the cause of independence for half the balkans, 
  jeez and i complained about 20 min drive and 35 min train commute to sydney . 
  you sir are a better man then me, 
  jesus and i thought australia was bad with 60 min commutes . 
  80 mins just sounds absolutely insane . 
  let 's put it this way i just spent 3300 dollars to fly from australia to romania and spend my holiday there even though i could have went anywhere else in the world . 
  try this : biggest pine forests in europe outside of russia , amazing castles , breathtaking scenery , untouched nature and the women ... oh the women . 
  great !, 
  romania is more hated than turkey and russia . 
  we are literally worse than people that invaded , massacred and occupied polish land . 
  hooray !, 
  next time no more corridor for you to escape an invader / s just joking i know the whole roma thing . 
  still it makes me quite sad . 
  you would be surprised but a pole was done and if he were alive today he would be elected presisent . 
  he did a lot of stuff that the current leaders would never be able to do . 
  sounds a bit like mental illness to me, 
  dude that really cracked me up  especially since the ` opinci ' as they are known in romania are traditional peasant shoes here too . 
  all the sikhs i 've met in australia were stand up people , very well presented too . 
  from what i gather all the men have to wear that turban ( which i do find silly , that 's got ta be bad for your hair 's health , but oh well their business ) . 
  yeah of course there are . 
  never said there are n't . 
  there 's always going to be the old , frail , disabled etc ones that are not able or ca n't afford to travel . 
  that is bullshit . 
  romania has a higher living standard than serbia , ukraine , bulgaria and moldova . 
  so its really not that bad . 
  but i wouldnt suggest investing without thorough research and knowing someone there . 
  umm yess of course its better to be a beggar in sweden than a beggar in romania . 
  in romania no one would give them anything . 
  arabs hate jews . 
  wagner was an antisemite . 
  arabs love wagner hence they go to germany to pay homage / s, 
  so well said !, 
  yes they do count but some people love the hipster self hate . 
  of course we should be proud of pur nation 's greatest achievement .
