  the slavs and norsemen were white . 
  yeah graduates with no experience maybe . 
  but theres an acute need of programmers right now, 
  why are you repeating the same crap over and over . 
  there is not going to be some automation revolution in 2 years . 
  the automation will happen but in longer period than that . 
  also the labour intensive jobs seem to be safer from automation . 
  where the hell are there unemployed programmers ? 
  yea i saw that in germany and blew my mind . 
  how can you guys stand not hearing the real actors talk ? 
  its crazy !, 
  im pretty sure eurovision did not ban the russian singer but ukraine denied them entry into the country because they sang in crimea, 
  but the pakistani community has nothing to do with the eu and everything to do with the british empire . 
  they came from the colonies not from the eu . 
  i guess they got so screwed over by the labour party that they would be desperate . 
  cant say i blame them . 
  27 % , 37 % wow that is scary . 
  how do english people feel about this ? 
  the huns were turkic not turkish . 
  there is a connection between the huns and the mongols but they are not exactly the same thing . 
  the khans are not a people , its just a title of turkic origin for rulers . 
  the huns , magyars , khazars , cumans , pechenegs , mongols etc all had khans , khagans ... 
  huns and crusades havd no connection . 
  yeah portugal sucked hard . 
  moldova was the bomb !, 
  norway was good too and sweden . 
  i liked the italian guy but can remember his song, 
  yes its ironic because i think that his song is quite generic and disposable . 
  songs like that are a dime a dozen on the radio . 
  i want something unique , cool , different , quirky . 
  so yes lets not duscuss tastes, 
  i like aus song way better than portugal, 
  yea me neither . 
  song is disposable as fuck, 
  i dont get it . 
  what does he mean ? 
  i love spain but that song was cringey : / sorry guys, 
  yeah i agree the song itself is very generic and disposable . 
  epic sax guy shpuld have taken it !, 
  i dont get this . 
  moldova song was amazing way better than anything else . 
  cool tunes , funky music , cool presentation . 
  its the embodiment of eurovision . 
  portugak is just forgetable trash . 
  wtf, 
  the problem with this is that its a blanket rule . 
  it should be more targeted at unskilled labour which probably makes up more of the immigration anyway . 
  for example if you are an engineer with specialised skills from bulgaria you should nlt be put into the same basket as an unskilled street cleaner . 
  switzerland is not in nato . 
  wtf are you really trolling without even knowing the topic, 
  what does that even mean ? 
  probably from russia, 
  do some research first https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_sorry_day australia fully recognises its mistreatment of aboriginals . 
  they get a huge amount of benefits aswell as compensation . 
  what genocide has australia denied ? 
  you know what the difference is ? 
  romania acknowledged its crimes publicly , paid reparations and currently has excellent relations with the state of israel which was ackowledged by israeli chiefs of state . 
  a person 's heritage and culture is who they are , their identity , their value system . 
  no matter if you came from a village in africa or a high rise in the us heritage is still very important . 
  for example you said you left at 13 this means that your whole education and value system would have been built in romania . 
  especially since compare to canada which is a very young culture with few traditions compared to romania which has a way older culture and traditions . 
  there is plenty of things to be proud of while still retaining your new canadian identity . 
  there are plenty of things from romanian traditional music , art , literature , film , history , customs . 
  there are plenty of canadians paying good money to actually experience this . 
  as i said some people i guess are more interested in material things . 
  well it makes sense if you are a minority than you would prefer a new identity, 
  where exactly is the antiserb agenda ? 
  romanians love serbians !, 
  suit yourself . 
  i have been an expat for 11 years since i was 19 but would never be able to live with myself if my children didnt speak my own language . 
  i guess some people just dont care about things like heritage . 
  especially in the new world which has literally no set local culture, 
  well i guess you are a lost cause . 
  but your children might resent you at one point for not teaching them their mother tongue . 
  sure i agree with that . 
  hence why i would be against both ugandan christians and westboro baptist christians too . 
  but for example an italian catholic or a british protestant would not agree with that sort of barbarity . 
  most christians do not practice any such things . 
  for european christians it would be a vast majority . 
  the pope himself has stated that he does not judge gay people . 
  not even the orthodox church which is a lot more regressive does not advocate violence , it all it says it that you will burn hell and its all your choice . 
  you cant even compare that to mainstream islam which actively encourages violence . 
  no bbc is independent of the state by definition , many times there was conflict between bbc and the govt, 
  not in europe . 
  its illegal as it should be . 
  because usa does not do it in the name of christianity whereas muslims do in the name of their religion . 
  big difference, 
  no its not . 
  this is idiotic . 
  harmful ideas are and should be banned . 
  not all actually practice it, 
  i ca n't now since the post got deleted and have no idea who the user was . 
  but the way i read it was like sarcasm . 
  thanks for the summary . 
  had no idea about some of this stuff . 
  have you ever heard of jokes ? 
  very cool !, 
  but a bit of context please, 
  why do you put islam and black people in the same category ? 
  the eastern front was waaaay bigger than the western one .
