why is the date of easter mentioned several times in the article ? 
  how is it connected to the unemployment rate ? 
  i think [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/a/igsi4 ) is the layout that was already agreed upon . 
   what about srebrenica this is to late to have been covered in my history class . 
  we did n't even manage to get to german reunification or even german division for that matter , at least not in history class . 
  we did cover it ( german division and reunification , not srebrenica ) in social studies however . 
  i was definitely also taught about the genocide of the herero and nama and lothar von trothar 's famouse shooting order . 
  while i did know were to look for nk i did not know they also had a small border with russia . 
  intersting . 
  do not choose your university based on the city . 
  most cities will be alright . 
  choose the city you live in based on whether you want to do the course at the local university . 
  usually you have three tries in every exam . 
  this is much more than you seem to get for example in the uk . 
  as to why you can not have a 4th try i do n't know . 
  presumably it is assumed that if you fail 3 times you should probably be doing something you are good at instead . 
  but unlike european legislation the uk parliament could theoretically undo british legislation at a whim . 
  while i think it is completely unrealistic that the uk parliament would reintroduce slavery , the comments made by theresa may about abolishing human rights do make me nervous . 
  it is a great consolation to me that even native speakers have problems with w and r . it makes me feel slightly less bad that after more than a decade of learning english i still can not pronounce them correctly . 
   lol 1,0 is hard ? 
  pff gtfo just as an example . 
  out of the 188 pupils in my school-year only 5 managed to get a 1.0 . 
  everyone who managed to get a 1.0 got a letter from the minister president of the federal state congratulating them . 
   and where 's your source on not many people wanting to study maths jackass ? 
  according to [ these numbers ] ( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/14rpeg3xbc_gfngbyqt828t7xkq-9dbt6bpmyyc-rnvo/edit#gid=11 ) from the guardian in 2012 42,148 students applied for mathmatical and comp sci subjects and 94,374 applied for medicine and dentistry . 
  this is different by more than a factor of 2 . 
   and why tf should math be easy to get into ? 
      because there are n't many people who want to study it . 
  i think this is just part of the reason . 
  the other is that in subjects like medicine or chemistry the university needs to supply lab places . 
  these are expensive and finite . 
  therefore the university can not admit that many students . 
  for maths on the other hand all you need is a blackboard , pen and paper . 
  this is quite cheap . 
  therefore it is not really a problem if there are a hundred more people who want to study the subject . 
  the university can just admit them without much of a problem . 
  i did not really pay any attention to them when choosing a university . 
  i looked at the national zeit ranking though . 
  i think there probably is some merit to these rankings but you have to be careful . 
  some of these rankings just seem to rank entire universities . 
  that seems pointless to me . 
  a university might be worldclass in one subject and shitty in another . 
  you have to be aware what criteria they base the ranking on . 
  for example the qs ranking seems to be mainly based on research output , reputation and employer evaluation . 
  while these are certainly valuable criteria it neglects other interesting metrics such as teaching quality . 
  i have heard that these rankings often only rate the university . 
  this can be misleading in some cases . 
  for example in germany many universities have cooperations with other research institutes such as max planck institutes . 
  not only do they do research , they also teach and students can do their bachelor 's or master 's projects there . 
  on a practical level this means that the research institute is indistinguishable from the university . 
  but if only the university gets evaluated this can distort the rating because all of the amazing research might be coming from the building next door . 
  but if a university consistently does well in these ratings it is probably save to assume that this university is quite good . 
  there are several things : * more and better democracy . 
  in particular the eu parliament should be able to introduce laws . 
  it was also pointed out to me recently that it would be great if countries sent good politicians to the eu parliament . 
  at the moment it seems that at least in germany quite often politicians are sent to the eu if they are not wanted at home anymore . 
  instead the eu should be seen as the highest political calling . 
  * better promotion and enforcement of human rights and citizen rights . 
  for example when the european court of human rights or the european court of justice deems a certain law or practice illegal that should have more serious consequences for the country . 
  i also think that the eu could do more for human rights in other countries . 
  if the eu imposed more sanctions on countries with a known track record of human rights violations i think a lot could be achieved . 
  why does any country in the eu still sell weapons to saudi arabia ? 
  should there not be european arrest warrants for known humand rights abusers ? 
  i think that guantanamo could be closed already if the eu put more pressure on the usa and would have offered to take prisoners . 
  * the eu could and should have dealt with the refugee situation much better . 
  this is one of the situations where the eu should excel . 
  this is a problem that is best solved by large scale international cooperation . 
  if every eu country would just take in 1 % of their population we could already accommodate more than 5 million refugees . 
  if the eu could convince countries such as norway and switzerland to take part in the scheme it would be even more . 
  i am convinced that if all countries had worked together this could have been handled much better . 
  the eu should also provide safe ways for refugees to get here to prevent unecessary deaths in the mediterranean and exploitation by people smugglers . 
  it was extremely disapointing to see that a country like greece , which really has enough other problems already , was let down by the other countries . 
  if a country like jordan can host more than 1.4 million refugees from syria alone , why can the eu countries not do their part ? 
  there is not much of a difference . 
  since i agree with the dictatorship in scenario 2 , it would immediately abolish itself and introduce a democracy . 
  given that i am in the minority it is very likely that future elections will turn against me . 
  but because the condition that every election turns against me does not apply , there is still a tiny chance , that an election might go my way . 
  therefore i would choose the second option . 
  in germany we have proportional representation but have a local mp nevertheless . 
  the gist of how it works is the following . 
  in an election you get two votes : the first is for your local mp . 
  this vote is first past the post . 
  the second is for a party . 
  after the election the local representative with the most votes in the constituency is elected to parliament . 
  now the rest of the seats in parliament gets filled with people from party lists until the proportions in parliament match those of the second votes . 
  so yes , we have a local mp which you can contact to reach out to parliament . 
  this is , however , only one mp so this is probably not going to have a big effect . 
  you could of course also contact all other mps from your constituency who did get into parliament via the party list . 
  you can also send a petition to parliament which will be considered by a specialised commitee for petitions . 
  saarland university has a good computer science programme . 
  however , only the master is completely in english . 
  the bachelor is partly english and partly german . 
  `` das kommt mir spanisch vor '' -  `` that seems spanish to me '' is a german idiom that means as much as `` that 's strange to me '' or `` that looks fishy to me '' . 
  `` das sind b\u00f6hmische d\u00f6rfer f\u00fcr mich '' -  `` these are bohemean villages to me '' means `` i do not know anything about this '' or `` this is an enigma to me . 
  i send an email to 9 eu mps recently to ask them to support a specific policy proposal . 
  i only heard back from julia reda who politly explained why she thought the specific proposal would be a bad idea . 
  from everyone else nothing . 
  at least in germany most students try to do a masters degree because it is a very prevalent attitude that a bachelor 's degree is not a real degree . 
  this is mainly because the diplom degrees that existed before roughly correspond to a bachelor and a master degree . 
  i am not quite sure how it is in other countries but at least in england a lot more people seem to quit university after just a bachelor 's degree .
