  there are areas in politics i have no interest in and no knowledge of . 
  i do not think i should be required to vote on a policy concerning such a topic . 
  if you force people to participate you are likely to get a worse policy because people who do n't care and do not know what they are talking about have to decide . 
  compulsory voting in elections for parliament might be more sensible . 
  i would , however , like to see numbers on how expensive it is . 
  it might be a lot of work to track down and prosecute the people who did not vote . 
  officially the eu anthem does not have a text . 
  the anthem is just the melody because no language was supposed to get an elevated position . 
  on americans no . 
  on america yes . 
  are the dead ones much more famous than the living ones or am i just out of touch ? 
  i think the un is a really good idea but in urgent need of reform . 
  it needs executive powers to be able to enforce international laws . 
  it also should not be possible to `` opt out '' of the international criminal courts . 
  veto powers should not exist . 
  the security council is useless if countries can block discussions about reactions to their problematic behaviour . 
   completely replacing regional governments i do not thinks that is a good idea . 
  there are some things that are better dealt with on a local level . 
  there is no reason for countries near the equator to have laws on how to deal with snow . 
  on the other hand sweden does not need regulations on rainforests . 
  you do not necessarily want people to have a say in laws that do not affect them . 
  3 ) is a really good point . 
  is there any good reason not to have a look at a globe ? 
  i do not know whether it is mainstream opinion . 
  i definitely think it is a good idea . 
  it depends on which policies you are talking about . 
  i think current european policies should change independently of any security concerns . 
  it is simply unreasonable to expect countries like greece and italy do deal with many refugees just because they arrived there first . 
  especially when other countries do not take any significant amount of refugees at all . 
  we also should provide a workable and reasonable legal way for people to get here without having to cross the mediterranean in a nutshell . 
  regarding refugees i think that no matter how hight the security risks are we should always accept everyone who genuinely needs asylum , including people fleeing from wars . 
  protection from oppression , unwarrented persecution and war should be a service provided by any country in the world available to anyone who needs it . 
  one should not be able to deny it because the person seeking protection or other people looking similar to them might be a security risk . 
  after all granting asylum is not something that is done to benefit your own country but more as a contribution to a global insurance in the hope that you yourself will never need to use this service yourself . 
  regarding economic/any other migrants i think that ideally they should also be able to go where they want . 
  however i think that we can be a bit more picky and if there is a genuine security concern ( e.g. 
  we have good reason to believe that an individual who wants to come here is an active criminal , actively wants to destroy a democratic society or is a big security risk for some other reason ) it might be justifiable to not let them come , or only let them come under certain obligations . 
   we managed to save 95 % of danish jews !, 
  well done . 
  i think it depends a lot on the subject . 
  the universities in aachen and karlsruhe are well known for their engineering subjects . 
  m\u00fcnster and munich are supposed to be good for chemistry , i think berlin has a university that is prestigious in art and theater . 
  there are similar preferences for other subjects that i am not necesarrily aware of . 
  ranking whole universities is hard because they are often not really comparable . 
  the kit in karlsruhe does not even teach subjects that are not related to engineering/sciences . 
  other universities only teach music other a broad range of subjects . 
  i can not tell you much about any international rankings because i am not aware of any . 
  i really recommend rome . 
  the combination of ancient and modern buildings has something surreal and very fascinating . 
  stockholm is also very beautiful . 
  i have heard that cracow is a must see as well , but i have never been there myself . 
  me neither . 
  a big agreement on the first point . 
  the third point can also probably never be wrong . 
  as a student who quite liked getting feedback through grades i do not necessarily agree with point 2 . 
  however , i have gone to school in nrw , so there might have been less grading . 
  talking about differences in different federal states : i would like to see the school system defederalised . 
  it really does not help that every state has a different school system . 
  especially when pupils are moving that can cause a lot of problems ( e.g. 
  languages are required that were not taught in previous school ) . 
  being picky who you let in does not mean that you do not let people in . 
  i have a problem with the word `` worryingly '' . 
  i think that is because i have problems with `` w '' and `` r '' in general . 
  [ update 2 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3wlqz-lgrm ), 
   i certainly would n't withdraw entirely , but i would like to see our presence over seas , in general , reduced significantly along with our military forces in general ( not that i think that 's likely to happen ) . 
  that is what the rest of the world would like to see as well . 
  i think you might still get it . 
  do n't abandon all hope just yet . 
  obviously not . 
  you would end up with countries were large portions of the population do not even speak the native language . 
  i do not know what exactly has been agreed in ceta . 
  so it is hard to tell . 
  keeping in mind that a lot of people who are usually strongly pro eu were strongly against ceta it seems to me that these are vastly different agreements . 
  so i doubt that it would be an adaquate replacement . 
  the only thing i remember about pre-schengen border crossings was going to denmark . 
  there was always a huge traffic jam . 
  now you just drive . 
  for a few years now i have lived near the german french border and i can cross the border via tram every 30 minutes . 
  i am sure that would not have been possible in pre-schengen times . 
  from my experience : the dutch 's . 
  could you share your understanding with us ? 
  he is a surprisingly good singer , but his '' \u00fc '' is terrible . 
  afd , pegida , csu and co. 
  i have no idea how to fix that though . 
  this is so true . 
  during one classtrip to ireland we had to drive through the uk for a day and nearly no one had thought of bringing pounds with them . 
   what do you think about brexit ? 
  i think it is a bad idea . 
  i was extremely surprised by the result . 
  i took the scottish referendum some time ago much more seriously than brexit . 
  obviously that was a mistake . 
  now i hope that they find some moderately good solution although i do not have any idea what it is supposed to look like . 
   what do you think about your own country 's exclusion from the eu ? 
  i think it would be a desaster . 
  unlike the uk which has never fully taken part in the eu germany has much more to loose . 
  probably the worst thing to loose in my opinion would be the schengen agreement . 
  as someone who lives a few kilometers away from a border and knows people who walk their dog in a different country i do not want to imagine the chaos that would result if there suddenly were border controls again . 
  apart from the convinience it would also cost an arm and a leg to control thousands of kilometres of border . 
  the second worst blow for me personally would probably be to loose the euro . 
  in more general terms we profit a lot from all the common rules and regulations .
