  well , in an ideal world i would also like to be able to get rid of them . 
  i had a lot trouble with this question as well . 
  i want open borders but also want to keep the laws on encitement of hatred . 
  this is interesting . 
  i would point to greece as a huge success of the eu . 
  not because the situation in greece is particularly good at the moment but because i am convinced that had greece defaulted on their debt and had they not been in the eu someone would have started a war to get their money back . 
  obviously stay . 
  it makes my life demonstrably better every day . 
  i think [ this article ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2015/oct/27/eu-net-neutrality-laws-fatally-undermined-by-loopholes-critics-say ) answers your question . 
  there seem to be a few exceptions to the rules . 
  obviously bonn . 
  it has already done the job and some parts of the government are still there . 
  do they speak english ? 
  that might be your solution to the language problem . 
  you should definitely plan a stop at the vatican museums . 
  the ceilings are particularly impressive . 
  plan at least a day . 
  you might be able to take lodgings in the sistine chapel . 
  do avoid the time of pope elections though , it tends to be booked out by church officials if there is one . 
  the collaps of the eu . 
   galileo is mostly unscientific in everything , even when they present the newest theories . 
  but then again galileo is not broadcasted by german public television . 
  it is hard to say what the public tv is like . 
  there are different channels with different programmes at different times of day . 
  i think it is fair to say that popular public tv programmes include - news - der tatort ( crime series with recurring characters in different german cities ) - die sendung mit der maus ( literally the programme with the mouse , an educational children 's programme ) - der sandmann ( famous evening programme for small children ) - verstehen sie spa\u00df ( prank show with hidden camera ) - die anstalt and heute show : political satire , the first one more satire , the second one more comedic news show - live coverage of international sports events ( football world cups , olympics , skying competitions ) - coverage of elections - dinner for one apart from that there are a lot of films specifically produced by the broadcaster in the evenings . 
  there are also quite a few documentaries . 
   do you support the licence fee system ? 
  yes . 
  it does not only pay for tv but also for public radio and as a side effect keeps a lot of the radio-symphony orchestras alife . 
  generally speaking i think it is important to have journalists and tv programmes and radio programmes in general that are independent of economic influences . 
  i also think that there are things such as symphony orchestras are important but can not reasonably be funded by individuals . 
  overall i think that even if you do not use these services ( i myself do not use them very often ) you still benefit from them indirectly . 
   and do you think the licence fee system is sustainable for the future ? 
  generally speaking yes . 
  but there seem to be more and more people who dislike the system . 
  so if there was a big public push to abolish public broadcasters i would not be sure about the outcome . 
  what do you want to study ? 
  that is probably the most important information . 
  [ this wiki ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/germany/wiki/studying#green ) from / r/germany about studying in germany might be of interest to you . 
  thank you . 
  thanks . 
  i am going to york in a few weeks . 
  is there anything else i should definitely see ? 
  climate change and mass surveillance . 
  i know . 
  that is what i would change . 
  voting machines are far to dangerous to be allowed anywhere near an important election . 
  you get a piece of paper and tick a box next to your favourite party/representative . 
  then you put this paper in an envelope and throw it into a ballot box . 
  at the end of the day the box is opened and the votes are counted . 
  replace first past the post voting with some sort of proportional representation . 
  massively reduce the length of election campaigns . 
  get rid of voting machines . 
  increase the number of polling stations . 
  the length of queues in front of polling stations i saw on tv was appaling . 
  probably sweden or ireland . 
  possibly iceland . 
  i do not necessarily think there is one specific thing that we share with every eu country but that there for any eu country there are things we have in common . 
  for example german is similar to many other european languages such as english or dutch . 
  the legal system is very similar to many if not most other eu countries . 
  the east of germany shared the experience of having to recover from communism with much of eastern europe . 
  there are a lot of historical connections to scandinavia through the hanse . 
  classical music forms a connection between large parts of europe . 
  probably new zealand . 
  i love it . 
  it is nice to have more hours of daylight in the day . 
  the death penalty would be a much bigger problem . 
  i would not have wanted scotland to rejoin the eu back in 2014 . 
  i thought `` if they can not even cooperate with their direct neighbours , how are they supposed to work together with an entire continent '' . 
  i want more european integration and leaving the uk seemed to be basically the opposite of it . 
  nowadays the situation has changed a bit . 
  if scotland would leave the uk specifically so that they can stay part of the eu then the situation would look very different to me . 
  instead of deciding against cooperation and political integration this would be a decision to be part of a larger , and arguably more important , union instead of a smaller one , which i can understand . 
  well , i would argue that in an ideal world everyone would be able to live and travel wherever they want . 
  the eu has brought us nearer to this world . 
  reasons not to leave the eu ( this list is incomplete ) : - there has not been a war between countries in the eu/eea since it was created . 
  that is an almost unprecedented time of peace between european nations . 
  - it is much easier to move between european countries than it was before the eu both permanentaly and for brief visits . 
  - international cooperation ( for example in science ) becomes much easier - the eu adds a new layer of protection against abuses of power ( eu court , eu charter of human rights , eu regulations etc. ), 
  - the eu forces politicians to take other countries interests into account . 
  - the eu makes it easier to negotiate multilateral agreements because there are established institutions in place that deal with them ( european parliament , european commission , etc. ) . 
  how long do you think it would take to agree on common regulations between 28 countries if these institutions did not exist ? 
  many important regulations would not even be talked about because it would be too much effort for too little reward . 
  - the eu has reduced roaming charges for mobile phones continuously over the last decade . 
  - regulations have much more power if they are enacted by an entire continent . 
  quite often there is an argument in domestic politics that some sensible regulation ( often environmental or economic ) should not be enacted because it only works if many countries are doing it and if just one country enacted the regulation it would just be a disadvantage . 
  the eu hands politicans the tools to enact regulations in many countries at once . 
  - being part of the eu can have a huge positive impact on a country . 
  just look at the development of ireland since the joined . 
  ------------------------------------- reasons that do not apply to the uk : - the schengen agreement . 
  not having border controls probably saves countries millions of euros a year . 
  additionally it saves european citizens lots of time . 
  many modes of transportation ( trams from germany to france , coaches passing through 5 european countries ) would be completely impractical if there where border controls . 
  - the euro : not having to change currency when going to another country makes things much easier for anyone who is frequently in another country . 
  especially in border regions this is invaluable . 
  there is a `` tiblisser platz '' in saarbr\u00fccken . 
  that 's a great name . 
  -  `` light hits to the back of the head increase the capacity to think . '', 
  i do not think it is a good idea . 
  especially if you have referenda on policies .
