damn right we will . 
  you lot ingest a disgracefully low amount of metal , we should really remedy that by exporting you some more [ molten girders . 
  ] ( http://goodtoknow.media.ipcdigital.co.uk/111/00000b503/1fe2_orh100000w614/14-irn-bru.jpg ), 
  i see your point , but we allow alcohol and tobacco no problem despite knowing the health risks of those addictions . 
  you also run into the debate of whether it 's even the state 's place to tell consenting adults what they can and ca n't put into their own bodies . 
  it 's been confirmed that it was n't a real bomb , explains how he got it through security . 
  false positives are possible , but genuine positive results on these tests for innocuous reasons are also ridiculously common due to just how many normal household items can cause a positive result . 
  any context as to what 's going on here ? 
  it 's an interesting phenomenon , like how areas with relatively low immigration can have huge support for parties like ukip . 
  i 'd say it 's probably got something to do with how hysterical some of the uk mainstream media can get regarding immigrants , and like what / u/nickbob00 said , once people start interacting with plenty of foreigners in their day-to-day life it becomes a lot harder to demonise them . 
  i think a large part of it is reliant on where exactly you are in the uk . 
  of course there 's going to be racist cunts everywhere , but the anti-immigrant sentiment is a lot more prevalent in some areas than others , which leads to the racists in those areas feeling emboldened or justified in taking action against foreigners . 
  so life as an immigrant in the uk may be very different depending on where exactly you decided to settle down . 
  however , off the top of my head i only really have anecdotal evidence to back this up , or articles specific to scotland ( like [ this ] ( http://www.scotsman.com/news/hate-crimes-in-scotland-fell-after-brexit-vote-1-4237818 ) or [ this ] ( http://www.thenational.scot/news/police-no-spike-in-hate-crime-in-scotland-since-brexit-vote.19460 ) ) which might not really help with a uk-wide understanding . 
  jesus christ mate , children could be reading !, 
  always use s *** d , no telling what kind of issues the weans might develop after being exposed to that filth . 
   scottish independence would be cataclysmic for the world good god i forgot how mental and over the top some of the headlines were back then . 
  i 've just had flashbacks to that one about how russia would invade us as well . 
  important to note that the wording of the question was different than the actual referendum question , and it 's also worth pointing out what / u/bottish said over in / r/scotland . 
   i was a bit `` so what '' about the changing in wording initially , but scot goes pop made me think it can be extremely significant :  `` the other crucial point , of course , is that it 's not possible to meaningfully measure whether support for independence has increased or decreased since 2014 if you depart too radically ( or indeed depart at all ) from the actual referendum question . '', 
   [ snip ]  `` when yougov finally made their own question more neutral in the run-up to the referendum , the yes vote immediately shot up , which gave us an indication of just how sensitive respondents can be to the exact wording . '', 
  ~ http://scotgoespop.blogspot.co.uk/2016/10/sensational-bmg-poll-reveals-that-45-of.html then there 's also the fact that this poll was conducted before the end of the conservative party 's conference and the reality of hard brexit was made clear . 
  that quote is in reference to the situation in which a part of the uk is doing its own negotiating outwith that of the uk government 's , not a situation in which scotland goes independent with the agreement of the uk government . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.express.co.uk/news/uk/304495/spain-will-not-veto-an-independent-scotland-joining-eu ) you can see the spanish foreign minister 's stance on an independent scotland . 
   if in the uk both parties agree that this is consistent with their constitutional order , written or unwritten , spain would have nothing to say , just that this does not affect us . 
  no one would object to a consented independence of scotland . 
  during the campaigning for the scottish independence referendum the better together campaign was very fond of going on about how independence would threaten scotland 's place in the eu , and that the only way to safeguard our place in the eu was to stay in the uk . 
  i 've seen quite a few reports since brexit , like [ this ] ( https://www.commonspace.scot/articles/8731/police-scotland-no-rise-hate-crime-scotland-brexit ) one , that scotland has n't been experiencing the rise in hate crime the rest of the uk has . 
  although you do have to keep in mind that we had a higher rate of hate crime than the rest of the uk prior to brexit . 
  i believe that 's probably due to our home-grown [ sectarian problems ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sectarianism_in_glasgow ) though , and not related to anti-immigrant sentiment . 
  the snp lost their majority , but there 's still a pro-independence majority in holyrood thanks to the scottish greens . 
  i 'm honestly not sure how a second scottish independence referendum would go , last time the conclusion was 45 % in favour of independence but we 're in a completely different situation now . 
  i 've seen polls putting support for scottish independence now at anywhere between 52-59 % but the better together campaign has n't started back up yet and they 'll jump on any uncertainty at all and most likely try to push statements like this from rajoy as being indicative of scotland 's accession to the eu being vetoed . 
  i think scottish labour and the scottish lib dems have the power to swing it to a decisive win for scottish independence though . 
  just now the snp and the scottish greens are backing independence , they 're our largest and fourth largest party respectively , but scottish labour and the scottish lib dems , third and fifth largest parties , so far have taken the stance of `` we want to stay in the uk * and * the eu '' , now that it 's looking like it 's one or the other we could see either of those parties come out in favour of independence . 
  there 's been significant noise from the scottish lib dems membership to back independence following the vote for brexit , so i think they 're more likely to back independence than scottish labour . 
  we did n't have famine , but we did have the highland clearances which undoubtedly have had a large impact on our population . 
  the snp have always been in a tough spot there though . 
  many unionists make the argument that the snp do n't participate properly on issues outside of scotland , that they 're still mps of the united kingdom and should be participating on issues that are n't exclusive to scotland . 
  yet when they do get involved on issues outside of scotland it riles people up . 
  funny how no one minded when those same scottish seats were held by labour and the lib dems voting on laws that would only affect areas outside of scotland . 
  so you 're within stabbing distance then ? 
   something that has been classic british for hundreds of years is our stoicism and our ability to simply survive and not make a fuss . 
  ehh , that seems a bit nationalistic . 
   but i do n't see how disunity solves that , given that the spanish will simply veto any scottish attempt and legitimacy . 
  first of all , this idea that spain would veto any attempt by an independent scotland to be in the eu is a bit of a myth . 
  [ the spanish foreign minister made it clear that so long as scotland 's independence is considered to be legal by both the scottish and uk government 's then they do n't care what scotland does . 
  ] ( http://www.express.co.uk/news/uk/304495/spain-will-not-veto-an-independent-scotland-joining-eu ) so as long as scotland does n't go down the road of a unilateral declaration of independence , spain should n't veto us being in the eu . 
  secondly , i 've never liked the rhetoric that scottish independence is inherently bad because disunity . 
  the idea that we need to stick together for the sake of sticking together , that giving in to disunity makes us weak . 
  why though ? 
  if the people of scotland genuinely feel the uk government does n't take our concerns seriously , that our interests might be better served if we were independent , or that we might simply have a government post-independence that cares more about scotland than the uk government , what is inherently wrong about leaving that union ? 
   in england we are told by our northern neighbours that we are the source of their problems . 
  i think you 'd find that it 's actually the uk government most people blame , not the english people . 
   we as people are portrayed as antagonists to progress and antagonists to society . 
  again this seems to be a case of misconstruing widespread criticism for the uk government as being criticism of the english people . 
   i support a union between our two great countries because my national identity is forbidden . 
  all i have to hold onto is the belief that our little island can stay united , and fight through whatever adversaries come our way as brothers , like we used to . 
  i 'm afraid you 're coming across as quite a nationalist here . 
  i would n't say either of our countries are particularly great , not bad , but pretty average really . 
  you 're clinging onto this unity for unity 's sake thing and i just do n't understand it to be honest . 
  why is it so important that we stay in union together , when it might be preferable to be able to deal with our own issues in our own ways . 
  do n't get me wrong , if there was serious reform to the uk - like changing to proportional representation and adopting a proper federal structure that gives the constituent nations more power over their own affairs - then i would n't see the need to leave . 
  but , currently , those aspirations just do n't seem realistic , and the more realistic option is independence . 
   i 'm interested to know why you think the eu is more left wing than the uk ? 
  i do n't think it 's as simple as left-wing eu and right-wing uk . 
  the uk government is pursuing incredibly authoritarian policies , the investigatory powers act and the plans for censorship of pornography are good examples , policies that i 'd like to get away from . 
  you could argue that an independent scotland might go down the same route , and you could be right , but the snp did at least vote against the investigatory powers bill and it would give us a chance to get away from that kind of authoritarianism . 
  there 's also the fact that the member nations of the eu have far more autonomy than the member nations of the uk , something i view as quite important . 
  on your point of left-wing and right-wing though , with the current popularity of the conservatives - and with labour in such a shambles - it does look like we 're in for right-wing governments for the foreseeable future . 
  i ca n't tell whether your point is about my political beliefs or general sense of feeling more european than british . 
  if the former :  the eu is ** broadly ** more in line with my political beliefs than the uk of course things are going to vary significantly across the eu , it 's huge , but when it comes to the overall direction of politics i 'd say i 'm more in line with the eu than uk . 
  your point is also specifically about poland , not the eu . 
  if your point is that i should n't feel more european than british due to the struggles of the lgbt community in poland , i feel i should remind you of the state of affairs in northern ireland . 
  why not ? 
  the eu is broadly more in line with my political beliefs than the uk , and the dynamic in the eu is typically more about cooperation between members than the uk is . 
  also , in a more emotional sense , i genuinely feel more european than british . 
  i like to tell myself it 's just trolls . 
  then reality slaps me down when i see real people i know posting that sort of shit on facebook . 
   why is every other post on this subreddit about brexit ? 
   department of health  department for transport  department for work and pensions  competition and markets authority  food standards agency  gambling commission some very questionable inclusions here , but then again the whole thing is incredibly questionable . 
  from the article , here 's the list of agencies that can now view the browsing history of uk citizens : metropolitan police force city of london police force police forces maintained under section 2 of the police act 1996 police service of scotland police service of northern ireland british transport police ministry of defence police royal navy police royal military police royal air force police security service secret intelligence service gchq ministry of defence department of health home office ministry of justice national crime agency hm revenue & customs department for transport department for work and pensions nhs trusts and foundation trusts in england that provide ambulance services common services agency for the scottish health service competition and markets authority criminal cases review commission department for communities in northern ireland department for the economy in northern ireland department of justice in northern ireland financial conduct authority fire and rescue authorities under the fire and rescue services act 2004 food standards agency food standards scotland gambling commission gangmasters and labour abuse authority health and safety executive independent police complaints commissioner information commissioner nhs business services authority northern ireland ambulance service health and social care trust northern ireland fire and rescue service board northern ireland health and social care regional business services organisation office of communications office of the police ombudsman for northern ireland police investigations and review commissioner scottish ambulance service board scottish criminal cases review commission serious fraud office welsh ambulance services national health service trust, 
  send help , they 're taking our porn :(, 
  i know , right ? 
  what a bunch of cunts . 
  just the natural progression of things after the uk government decided to ban the filming of `` unorthodox '' sexual acts a while back . 
  i wish i was joking but that actually happened , we even had [ face-sitting protests when it happened ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/culture/2014/dec/12/face-sitting-protest-outside-parliament-against-new-porn-rules ) . 
  i do n't think / u/low _ discrepancy was trying to insult australia . 
  just pointing out that many brexit voters have been arguing that post-brexit uk should emulate australia 's points-based immigration system , when the pm has ruled out that possiblity . 
  slices ? 
  we normally just throw the entire thing in there . 
  [ ay bby u wan sum heart disease ? 
   makes me wonder why the pro eu campaign did n't inform the voters properly complacency , probably . 
  they did n't think they 'd actually lose the referendum . 
  then there 's also the fact that having an electorate that 's actually educated on how the eu works makes it harder to scapegoat the eu like they 've been doing for years . 
  there 's [ this ] ( https://grenfellactiongroup.wordpress.com/2016/11/20/kctmo-playing-with-fire/ ) post from the resident 's action group , with a rather harrowing message at the end :  the grenfell action group predict that it wo n't be long before the words of this blog come back to haunt the kctmo management and we will do everything in our power to ensure that those in authority know how long and how appallingly our landlord has ignored their responsibility to ensure the heath and safety of their tenants and leaseholders . 
  they ca n't say that they have n't been warned !, 
  [ for anyone not getting the reference . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_zf9qm37tg ), 
  in the uk that two fingered `` fuck you '' is just as ubiquitous as a middle fingered one .
