  i do n't really get what you 're trying to say . 
  but i will tell you this : political refugees have the right to move to our countries because they are fleeing from a war ( does n't mean that i agree that they specifically want to flee to sweden or germany etc. 
  ( but then again i would do the same , because i want my kids to have the best future possible ) ) economic refugees on the other hand have no right to move into our countries because they have no '' real '' reason to move into our countries other than trying to chase that golden dream of theirs . 
  i think the only way to deal with these political refugees is to handle it on a eu level instead of the level of each country , find out where most of these refugees enter the eu and make sure they get pointed to an '' office '' where they get distributed across eu to make sure than one country does n't do all the lifting but instead all of the eu does all of the lifting . 
  anyway you probably dont care and you 're probably on crusade to make refugees disappear or something . 
  [ because concentrations camps are fun . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/manus_island#detention_centre ), 
  interesting points you make . 
  in 20 years being the ethnic minority , that 's pretty quick !, 
  yes, 
  because we have some humanity left ? 
  invasion was 2003 occupation was till recent . 
  have you ever grown anything ? 
  it takes sometime to grow something . 
  and it requires knowledge and still money to grow your own products . 
  people suffer from a donald trump syndrome . 
  most cheap labour for agriculture comes from eastern europe here because their minimum wage is low , the asylum seekers are getting the standard minimum wage from the country they applied to , this means most jobs that are outside of cities are already taken by cheap labour force . 
  but this is my point of view from the netherlands other countries could be very different . 
  so if those are the costs then cant afford to start a business . 
  enough jobs for 800.000 refugees ? 
  not all can afford that . 
  last i checked these people fled from their country i dont think they brought a few grand of cash with them to buy a car or a building to start a company . 
  its easier to find work for an immigrant in a city . 
  these people wont stop at a farm somewhere in germany they go to the cities of germany . 
  most smugglers who get caught usually get their weapons from there . 
  but maybe only idiots get their weapons from their and the big smugglers do it via other methods and countries . 
  i think most of them come from the balkan . 
  it gets old after a while and promotes lazynis to read english from people who know french . 
  the thing is i have no desire to write dutch , for that i would go to / r/thenetherlands . 
  / r/europe speaks english and everybody understands english i do n't get it why he should feel special to include fucking french . 
  ca n't you just comment like a regular person ? 
  or do you have to feel special every time you post ? 
  duitsen would be dietsen in old dutch . 
  does n't a belgium company already own that one or was that another company . 
  better quit the nato then !, 
  thanks , never heard something about that when they talk about the dutch involvement in the balkan war . 
  cassette bombs ? 
  rip geralt of rivia, 
  we can go into a agreement with the right terms , because let 's face it broomsticks do n't conquer nations . 
  never heard that here in the netherlands . 
  then i see different political cartoons apperently . 
  so much propaganda . 
  and that is probably the reason . 
  some say respect must be earned . 
  that is some good shit for the local economy i assume . 
  right ... . chinatown korean town italian town etc. 
  welcome to the eu ... 
  by sending a few apc 's ? 
  there is a difference between ukraine which isnt a member of nato and eu versus members of both nato and eu . 
  ofcourse they would start defending said attacked country since its part of the agreement . 
  one day :(, 
  the one thing who started it was not doing it for the issue , but rather because he did not like the eu . 
  yes , ofcourse . 
  they are indeed accused of that , yes . 
  is that a new energy company ? 
  fair enough, 
  i bought weed with my debit card i also would buy porn with my debit card . 
  but then again i am not into weird fetish things . 
  and then they get robbed . 
  banging hookers probably, 
  ofcourse we are all wrong since the situation that we are currently in is caused many different kind of event . 
  sadly the world is not black and white since that would allow us to effectively handle a situation . 
  meanwhile hundreds of people die due terrorist in the rest of the world . 
  being negligence is . 
  so basically most of the blue banana ? 
  so edgy ... 
  maybe i want to visit france because it is fucking france not because there are white people there . 
  fair enough . 
  because everybody in saudi arabia is rich and fat ? 
  yes we do , because we need prove before we shout things . 
  they look like they were based upon an anime . 
  sorry , my magic crystal ball seemed to have stopped working . 
  not sure if deport is possible , but yeah they should be prosecuted . 
  murder is also forbidden . 
  both . 
  also is strategicly speaking important for the nato . 
  so if lets say 10 % of the immigrants are committing criminal acts should we deny the other 90 % , because every time i get into a / r/europe thread i get the feeling that this is what the average user wants . 
  aka you dont know . 
  how many immigrants are out there and how many of them are doing this ? 
  okay so what i dont get is dont they have a union ? 
  atleast here in the netherlands we have one for our police , and they were facing the same problems , but instead of leaving they were going to protest . 
  source ? 
  that is the job for the intelligence agencies . 
  or that one was a overestimate ? 
  yes it is called the authorities . 
  escaping from a german prison is not illegal , destroying/stealing property will doing it is illegal . 
  nope still do n't get maybe because i do n't like killing people . 
  not wanting to kill someone is weak willed ? 
  damn dude ... you cold . 
  wtf dude , these are human beings your talking about . 
  how would you feel if i mascared your entire family and everyone you hold dear , just because they came to close to my house . 
  because uk is not in the way of a reform ? 
   politicians are all way too much of a pussy to really name the problems, 
  so someone else trying just sucks ? 
  sounds like you are the '' pussy ', 
  so when can i expect to see you as politician making the right decisions ? 
  needs more disease related words . 
  die rechte that 's who !, 
  why would the officer take the risk of letting a potential terrorist go ? 
  indeed , their goal is to make us fear an attack .
