  like -1, 
  accident \u02c8aks\u026ad ( \u0259 ) nt / noun 1 . an unfortunate incident that happens unexpectedly and unintentionally , typically resulting in damage or injury . 
  `` he had an accident at the factory '' synonyms : mishap , misfortune , misadventure , mischance , unfortunate incident , injury , disaster , tragedy , catastrophe , contretemps , calamity , blow , trouble , problem , difficulty ; technicalcasualty `` he was involved in an accident at work '' 2 . an event that happens by chance or that is without apparent or deliberate cause . 
  `` the pregnancy was an accident '' synonyms : chance , mere chance , coincidence , twist of fate , freak , hazard ; more, 
  that 's called ideologies, 
  maybe donate your own money , since you 're rich greek . 
  polan cant into humor, 
  did n't knew that the internet is used for those type of things ... 
  [ danish is a germanic language , just like the dutch language ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/danish_language ), 
  recent event that all happend in cities with a population of 1 + million people not a village of 5000, 
  [ sadly even if the court in haque want to serve justice , us has plans to invade nl ] ( https://www.hrw.org/news/2002/08/03/us-hague-invasion-act-becomes-law ), 
  fair enough . 
  yeah , sorry did not mean to imply that . 
  but jesus christ is in the koran ... 
  well first of all you did not ask me if i was okay with this , to answer that i am not . 
  now you can answer my question when did europe not have terrorist attacks ? 
  when has it not ? 
  if this is an organized attack , it is a pretty shit one if you compared to the one being committed in the middle east . 
  you might need to change that light bulb in your head , because you are not really that bright . 
  you know if the monarchy disappears tomorrow , there still would be palaces etc. 
  wilders probably cost more, 
  unlike trump , he does not hold any political power . 
  it 's the best state for us , but we are only a small part of its history . 
  i am not saying that we should say fuck let 's not try to decrease our carbon footprint , but let 's not fool our self that we are n't doing it other than ourself , since the planet will adept even without us . 
  i just do n't like the phrase of us trying to save our planet , since it does not need saving . 
  what we want save is the current state of the planet which allows us , the humans , to live on this planet . 
  have you looked at the history of our planet ? 
  the planet does not give a fuck about the current state of organisms living on its self . 
  it is very selfish of humans to think that the current state of the planet is the best state of the planet . 
  i never knew that camera 's prevented climate change . 
  it is not the planet you should worry about , that will survive till the sun gives out . 
  it is us the humankind who will go extinct , with changing climates . 
  the kingdom is the netherlands . 
  no weed or hasj , haha . 
  i lived in france for four months . 
  during that period i missed decent infrastructure , able to go to the coffee shop , drinkable tap water and good beer . 
  i would say paying with card is more popular . 
  this is probably due to the effort made by various organisations to limit the payment of cash . 
  the slogan `` klein bedrag , pinnen mag '' meaning even with one euro you can pay it with a card , without having to pay a fee . 
  now made even more easier by contactless pay . 
  furthermore stores also have signs stating that they prefer payment with card , probably , because of the risk of robbery that comes with holding cash . 
  also some supermarkets , have few registers where you can only pay with a card . 
  and how many people died in regular car accidents since that attack ? 
  his right hand is very important , it shook the hand of many world leaders . 
  dunglish, 
  from what i understand more american toerism . 
  groningen is a faculty ? 
  i think the very same history would make it hard to pick a capital for eu . 
  why not ? 
  build a new city, 
  it 's a joke, 
  we now only love half of you guys !, 
  which painter did you piss off now ? 
  you sweet summer child, 
  and now people try to seek to destroy it . 
  bier and friet are more important !, 
  they probably have similar infrastructure as belgium than/s, 
  maybe you could mix the vodka in the water melon and then you could get drunk whilst eating watermelon . 
  tweakers is also usefull to compare prices at different stores . 
  yup frozen, 
  in the netherlands filo dough is in the freezer section , maybe it is the same in germany ? 
  and charles the great birthplace i believe ? 
  he was not called king beer , but prins pils, 
  nice , near palace of justice, 
  turkish delight, 
  do n't know why you are down voted , seeing how the qeustion was about border control , not about the lack thereof . 
  here in utrecht they have . 
  sad !, 
  it 's kinda laughable that people think russia could do damage against nato in a conventional war , since their military spending is germany and france its spending combined . 
  that is not unique to united states though . 
  never noticed it before , than again i do not stare at people 's teeth . 
  depends on the country, 
  yeah i noticed later :(, 
  albania i assume, 
  i usually recognize from the accent . 
  and greece and turkey , because of cyprus, 
  mountains, 
  i would love how many per country are on here . 
  we have candy with his name . 
  is the thing about carpets true ? 
  correct , currently in nice and i mostly hangout with other erasmus/international students so most of the time i speak english/german/dutch . 
  well i only replied because you mentioned internships , which correct me if i am wrong ( because i did vmbo during high school ) is not part of havo and vwo . 
  that depends on which level of education you are in the netherlands , lower level is more about practical knowledge and the higher level is more about the theoretical knowledge . 
  nice try cia agents , i wo n't spill any of our secret technologies !, 
  it took a french company almost a month to fix the internet connection to the apartment building i am currently living in , and even then it only works half what it 's capable . 
  and incest , you sure you want to promote that, 
  most smaller nations in europe has this , since it is not economical for them to dub movies , whereas larger nations i.e. 
  germany , france and italy it is . 
  i know it 's three in the netherlands, 
  yeah , more used to opgezwolle or duvelduvel etc. 
  used to be great, 
  country  country  city ... . 
  living in france currently , and i hate having to buy water bottles just so i can have good water . 
  sounds like the sims . 
  so far most young people i met in nice speak decent english . 
  productivity is the measurement we should look at . 
  shooting lessons are n't enough , you would need to join either police or military service . 
  the reason why eu was founded . 
  giving guns to people does not equal protection or feeling safe , i would even say it would have the opposite effect ( atleast for me ) , because people owning these guns may know how to fire them but they are not trained to deal with stressful situation , not even mentioning making police job harder by dealing with these people during shootings . 
  so we should make murder legal by that logic , since they do it anyway .
