  to burn the morrocan passports so that they only have dutch passports ? 
  calling someone names will never win you an argument , only will make you appear weak . 
  oops skipped one . 
  cant wait for the fifth reich !, 
  we should give them like a medal or something . 
  and the moroccans, 
  wow so edgy . 
  you clearly do n't know anything about religions in general . 
  because belgian fries are thick , and french fries at least in the well known fast food restaurant are `` skinny '' . 
  and now they can push all those controversial laws through because everyone is scared for the next attack . 
  edit : spelling mistake, 
  breaking records for not having a government for the longest time would do that for you . 
  i indeed was . 
  thanks , apparently japanese is jakuza . 
  right click image , copy image url . 
  i honestly thought they were japanese , just like mafia are usually italian . 
  damn humans ruining earth for the rest of us humans . 
  are n't triads japanese . 
  i disagree , because it has to come from both sides , alienating them wo n't help them integrate them into society , it will have the opposite effect . 
  i 'm not saying we all should hug a migrant , but be open to those who seek help . 
  why link to a gallery with only one pic ? 
  till they gain more power and bit israel in the ass . 
  than we build 1 % of our borders as a wall . 
  if we are going to copy cat isreal are we going to build a wall around europe ? 
  like china we all know how that ended . 
  it is all about balancing . 
  so rather to remove the weeds you rather remove the rain and soil ? 
  can we call it the electric triangle ? 
  i think because if how ridiculous it is . 
  nl doesnt have amazon . 
  there were plans to have one i think , but that one didnt go through to do the great deal of webshops in nl . 
  now if only they accepted paypal or ideal i would consider buying stuff there . 
  automate democracy !, 
  yes, 
  do all austrians wear the same fashion ? 
  so austrian , got it . 
  if it makes you sleep better . 
  / r/europe should have a rule disallowing new accounts to post . 
  5 years, 
  it certainly works in practise ... you just do n't hear about it . 
  censoring curse words yes , i have not seen it happen a lot in my country . 
  than stop acting like an american , clearly !, 
  clearly your an american , seeing how you felt the necessity to censor the word fuck . 
  says the guy in the european subreddit, 
  on it !, 
  / s ( just in case , pls no come to my door ), 
  because that helps ? 
  `` representatives from france 's major faith groups were at the elysee palace meeting '' reading is hard i know . 
  and kick boxing . 
  same here , but if you read than you learn . 
  ah yeah i remember the 80 's and 70 's fondly . 
  do not fool your self this is nothing new , we just got lucky the last 15 or so years in europe . 
  because the war is only in the eastern part . 
  i do n't think those were confirmed , not sure though . 
  some of them are already projecting their hatred . 
  seeing how around half was for and half was against , arent there gon na be riots anyway ? 
  what are/is `` ads '' ? 
  yeah maybe we can go back to a hunter gatherer society . 
  based on the fact we are a trading nation , and most of our trade us done with germany . 
  yeah let 's rape our economy !!!, 
  welfare is older than that mate . 
  it has existed in many forms . 
  so just like every politician in existence , leaving eu wo n't get rid of the `` abuse '' but just replace it with your own . 
  edgy !, 
  lidl bread is pretty amazing for its prize . 
  who knows like i said a complex web of many different factors . 
  the fact is the current situation in iraq syria is partially caused by the removal of a leader in iraq . 
  isis is not a result of that but it gained momentum due to that . 
  what about the vacuum of power left after the many wars in the middle east , like i said it 's not just the arabs it 's caused by all the actors that have played a role in the last 150 years . 
  man i wish i could live in your world where everything is caused by one thing instead of a complex web of things that causes shit . 
  canada is not that deadly though . 
  and how much poverty ? 
  all 2 of them out of how many ? 
  lol no, 
  not in this cartoon . 
  why did n't he then cut off eu 's hand ? 
  and iberia, 
  looks like a bread and a piece of a bush, 
  they ran out of weak enemies , they were plenty of enemies left . 
  no , they were simply unable to care , since he did have no money, 
  sadly not , he was told to come back no more, 
  he was told to hit the road, 
  their heritage is a movie ? 
  so austria started 100 % of all world wars basically ? 
  there are a few accounts that i have seen come by . 
  thank you !, 
  we take so much pride that we drained them all !, 
  it 's used to deliver coke straight to the tweede kamer . 
  which show and episode ? 
  you mean russia ? 
  third ? 
  how ? 
  probably because they dont experience those things . 
  much appreciated . 
  i beg to differ , since you still have n't given examples of baltic redditors who are out for war on russia . 
  same applies to you tbh, 
  go play with your brics , kiddo . 
  now you can warm your bum on a beach !, 
  are you sure ? 
  pilsner is from czechia , beer is way older than czechia .
