  many of them are n't returning , instead staying where they migrated . 
  it 's a huge loss of best manpower every country have : young , ambitious , and usually well educated . 
  in theory some of them will return , however what incentive do you have , when you stayed at new country for few years and have better opportunities there ? 
  it 's always better to conduct business in richer country like uk than in poland , because it 's easier to sell products when there are much vaster amount of money on the market . 
  it 's impossible to relocate anyone , because german police proved that after cologne it 's too useless and ca n't even protect their own citizens . 
  and forced relocation will be much harder thing to do - no one wants do it , because police will have to use force to shove them into trains to distribute them to europe and treat migrants basically like prisoners . 
  that would never happen , because right now , police forces in germany , sweden and france are too soft and have too few resources . 
  so everyone knows that there wo n't be any relocations - now and never . 
  only hope for these countries which attracts most migrants are to close borders , and start treating them as illegals . 
  otherwise , those countries became too bloated with millions of migrants projected in 2016 and will literally explode with unrest . 
  and it would be a very bad year for eu . 
  i bet bavarian prime minister will be new chancellor after merkel . 
  anecdotal story in largest israeli newspaper ? 
  and yet , there are no sanctions for saudi arabia , only israel is boycotted and it 's goods labeled . 
  but i understand - swedes are pragmatic people and do n't want to spoil good business with arabian sheikhs . 
  do you realize , that [ palestinians killed 3000 and wounded 25000 in terror attacks ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/palestinian_political_violence ) since 1948 ? 
   such measurements of public opinion say more than a few isolated incidents israelis probably [ would n't agree with you ] ( http://www.haaretz.com/jewish/news/1.667887 ) . 
  great article about swedish anti-semitism , coming from jew who left sweden because it was n't safe to live there anymore . 
  this is not research - this data was made up from online survey and it is n't representative at all . 
  polish-israelis political ties are very strong currently , there is no tension between countries , and there are no anti-israeli demonstrations in poland ( unlike those in sweden ) . 
  to quote wikipedia : [ `` after germany and austria , sweden has the highest rate of antisemitic incidents in europe , although the netherlands reports a higher rate of antisemitism in some years . '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/antisemitism_in_sweden ) . 
  and there are as brutal incidents as : `` a jewish man was beaten with iron pipes for hanging the israeli flag from his own apartment 's window '' - that would be completely unbelievelable in poland !, 
  something like this would never happen on streets of warsaw , there are growing community of jews , and now there are synagogues in every large city , and there are no anti-semitic crimes at all , except maybe some anti- jew spray paintings on the walls , done by middle schoolers . 
  you could even say that jews are respected here , because they are regarded as a wise nation and bulwark against extreme islamists . 
  why are they so particularly obsessed with israel ? 
  there are like at least 50 countries in the world which are killing and repressing their citizens . 
  why wo n't they make sanctions against turkey , saudi arabia , russia , belarus , tadjikistan , kyrgyzstan , vietnam and most african countries ? 
  i still do n't understand why sweden is so focused on israel , while there are so much dictatorship countries in the world oppressing and killing their own people . 
  fair point , however sweden is quite openly anti-semitic , because it takes political actions against israel , like infamous eu enforcement of labeling israeli products made in jewish settlements . 
  criticism ends when you start using political and economical sanctions - because that 's real acts directed again country and its people , and thus anti-semitism starts . 
  what 's wrong with this ? 
  israel is in kind of civil war state constantly , so it needs to uphold the law definitely . 
  when modern israeli state was founded in 1948 , literally the next day egypt invaded israeli territories . 
  since that day , several wars were fought and currently there is palestinian intifada - `` resurgence '' against jews . 
  it 's not european country , you need harsh laws in order to survive in such hateful environment , why would they even throw stones at soldiers anyways ? 
  not to mention numerous knife attacks on police and israeli soldiers and terror strikes made by terrorist organization hamas , which is also forming palestinian government ( i think it 's the only terrorist organization in world history , which is also recognized government by international community , what a paradox ) . 
  europe should support israel with their struggle , instead of taking side with terrorists . 
  can someone explain why sweden , who wants to be considered most tolerant country in the world is so anti-semitic ? 
  currently sweden seems like country who wants to humiliate israel most from all european countries . 
  is it only a nod to muslim voters , or is there some more intricate politics behind this ? 
  and moreover , it will be more and more aggravated with each day . 
  it 's a matter of time when angry mob will start attacking drivers - this time more seriously then ever . 
  they just testing nato capabilities and response times in case of war . 
  thanks to this , in case of war russians precisely knows , which cities in europe can be safely nuked , without interception . 
  and europe is n't doing anything , nato is n't even sending warnings because politicians have more pressing matters right now , like [ gender equality in german army ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/11338883/german-army-must-promote-more-women-generals.html ) . 
  germany , sweden and france are now most antisemitic , racist and mysoginist countries in the europe - because immigrants are bringing their middle eastern culture of disdain and hatred against jews , women , lgbts , and generally other people . 
  you need to get your sh * t together western europe !, 
  that is scary , but part with barring door with couch looks like it is zombie outbreak protection poster , 
  that sounds very sensible . 
  however , i still do n't understand what would be role of military in this . 
  during peace , military are used to fight natural disasters or helps in patrolling streets during mass events , so what would they do with immigrants ? 
   international press obviously only has german sources you know that there are foreign correspondents and international press agencies in germany , right ? 
   i dont need to read international shit that explains much . 
   basically most of it is what americans would call `` catcalling '' do you really believe it yourself ? 
  france even issued an official poster on `` surviving terror attack '' - how to jump out of windows , escape rear doors , crawling under fire ( it 's in the article ) . 
  it 's very similar to those printed during cold war - how to survive atomic blast . 
  it 's very sad how this country looks right now , and it does n't seem that it will be recovering from terror soon . 
  there 's nothing in this article : it 's column-piece not coverage . 
  there are no numbers , facts , witness statements . 
  it does n't even covers who were perpetrators . 
  it 's just conclusion that german state is powerless . 
  i agree , because no-one talks about the victims . 
  and that 's really wrong , considering german chancellor is woman herself . 
  she should at least understand how vulnerable those woman are now . 
  right now , those hundreds ( 500 reported already ) women should receive help and attention . 
  but even media claiming to be `` liberal '' ( those word have no meaning now , and especially it does n't have the same meaning as great fathers of liberalism - locke , mill and smith used it ) are n't interested in victims experiences , but instead are asking if we are not judging perpetrators too much . 
  she just says , that new conscripts with `` gender-equal version of conscription '' ( what is this ? ), 
  would `` reinforce immigration agency '' to help immigrants ( did n't precise how would they help - i do n't know , maybe they should cook for migrants ? ) . 
  is this how military works in sweden ? 
   - nothing was covered up , it was reported here in germany , international media didnt catch on right away because of hardly anyone working on new years eve . 
  also there are international reports from january 1st which just didnt blow up . 
  dude are you serious , just google `` germany covering up cologne '' - basically every newspaper wrote about this , and cologne chief officerd was just fired for allegedly covering this up  - there werent 1000 perpetrators . 
  how can 30 perpetrators abuse 500 women ? 
  ( and that 's counting only those , who reported abuse to police ) those guys must be really lustful , because in this case it would seem that on average 1 guy molested 16 women that night !, 
  there is so much bs in this article , that i 'll let the readers judge who is right . 
  it 's pure propaganda for which new statesman is well known , and it 's hilarious assault on `` white supremacist patriarchy '' ( it 's quote from the article ) . 
  you can blame `` white patriarchy '' , but it does n't change the fact that so far every one of 21 apprehended perpetrators of this sad cologne events are of middle eastern or african origin . 
  tl ; dr : cologne sexual abuse perpetrators whitewashing . 
  a very strange words coming from a woman . 
  it now seems like men are most staunch defenders of women rights , because women apparently lost their self-preservation instinct . 
  and it seems that cologne attacks were actually helpful in building women awaraness about sexual abuse and media coverage helped them in standing against abuse . 
  up to this point , german women seem to be helpless and would n't even report his heinous crime to police , because police would n't lift a finger to help them and search for perpetrators . 
  growing number of women which reports molestation proves this . 
  because of media pressure , german police now will be more afraid of covering this sh * t up , and at least do something about immigrant abusers . 
  that 's at least one positive aspect of this sad events . 
  unfortunately , because apart from 3 out of more than 1000 perpetrators basically no one was arrested . 
  and this means that such crimes will become commonplace in germany . 
  and sexual abuse is no joke , it 's very traumatic , hurtful for victims and leaves pain for rest of the life . 
  germany should get their sh * t together and start hunting criminals , instead of covering crimes up . 
  just to remind you , last year in france was [ 4 different terrorist attacks which ended in killings ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_terrorist_incidents_in_france#21st_century ) - this is definition of terror outbreak . 
  there was never something like this in history of europe and it seems that it is just starting . 
  that 's very sad , but in 2016 we will most likely see more victims . 
  upkeep of millions of immigrants will cost billion euros . 
  that 's fact . 
  these migrants are not turks , who are at least have some enterpreunership and will to work and actually are a boon for german economy . 
  syrians , afghans , iraqis wo n't work , because they are not accustomed to work , and thus will be living off welfare . 
  and that 's not counting collateral damage that migrants will do to germany and it 's people . 
  right now , no one is counting money , because no one wants to admit how costly will be to host millions of syrians , afghans and even albanians , but eventually in a few years it would drain economy . 
  germany will slowly lose reserves and would raise taxes . 
  this would lower competitivness of economy on global market and eventually will weaken position of germany in europe .
