it 's the same in poland !, 
  if you are a foreigner you have to be careful , because many taxi drivers may overcharge you , especially driving to airports . 
  guys , `` this section is based on surveys from visitors of this website . 
  questions for this surveys are similar to many similar scientific and government surveys . '', 
  so it 's basically full of crap , these are even not national crime statistics , but internet polls !, 
  good for swedes !, 
   in the three days that the system has been in place , only about 35 people have requested to remain in austria . 
  all the rest continue to germany . 
  not so much welfare in osterreich , eh ? 
  but that 's discrimination against space aliens !, 
  there was n't any period in history of the world , when so many people were so entitled to everything . 
  how about swedistan ? 
  i 'm pretty sure there are still majority there who would love more refugees . 
  no wonder they did this . 
  it would be very hard to answer those terrible questions about bankruptcy . 
  what a stylish haircut and a nice beard !, 
  this poor refugee really looks like he escaped war . 
  unfortunately , everyone in western europe is now cutting their military spending . 
  sad times to be a russian . 
  but then , being russian was always difficult in history . 
  maybe merkel got that exemption also ? 
  that would explain why she brings so many `` refugees '' to germany . 
  and there was n't any bomb attacks in germany lately . 
  just think about it !, 
  what a surprise !, 
  usd/rub is +2,62 % today already . 
  it 's probably worst day for ruble in history . 
  how can it solve demographic problem , if 80 % of migrants are male ? 
  it would break gender balance which would lead to even greater problems . 
  current collapse in stock prices is influnced in 90 % by chinese stock market , which only recently was opened to foreign investors . 
  it will be worst year for germans since ww2 . 
  just short european or emerging market etfs - it 's giving me a nice profit 3 months so far and judging by current events , i will earn even more . 
  pakistan like india was british colony pre-ww ii , while syria was not . 
  that 's way pakistanis speaks decent english , have bureacracy and education based on colonial british standards . 
  syria and other middle-eastern countries was n't as much colonized as west , and so their culture and education has lower standards . 
  business as usual . 
  that 's why no one wants to condemn saudi regime , even social justice warriors of sweden , because there 's some sweet money to make with them . 
  very hard days coming for russians . 
  but hey , they still love their beloved kgb-mobsters leader !, 
  there are also ireland and cyprus , which are considered as tax havens , even more than holland . 
  what a dark time it was !, 
  unfortunately the same people still rule in russia and they have n't changed a bit . 
   `` under ukraine things here were bad , but now russia is here things are even worse , '' he said . 
  this basically summarises current situation on crimea . 
  to this time , palestinian regime has squandered , frauded or misspent [ 2 500\u00a0000\u00a0000 euro ] ( http://www.thesundaytimes.co.uk/sto/news/world_news/middle_east/article1326858.ece ) from eu aid , so another 13 milion is just a trifle !, 
  germanistan taxpayers will gladly pay , since they are so generous . 
  and potatoes . 
  yes , english by frenchmen is terrible too . 
  it 's no secret that ( some ) turks profit by refugee crisis and even war with isis . 
  but it was sanctions put by russians on russians !, 
  putin can end it whenever he wants , but he does n't want it to end , because he would acknowledge , that he is losing economic war , and besides he 's kgb-mob coleagues would n't be profiting anymore on eu food products ban . 
  beautiful photo , seems like southern europe is experiencing unusal heavy snowing !, 
  `` diversity is vital for mi5 '' - and i thought it was security of the state . 
  yes , russians have [ worst english proficiency in europe ] ( http://www.ef.co.uk/epi/ ) . 
  google is n't blocked in china , [ only certain phrases are blocked ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/google_china ) like `` tiananmen square '' . 
  that 's common repeated misconception . 
  china ca n't allow to block google , because it is largest search engine in the world and it would be large impediment for businesses , both chinese exporter and foreign investors . 
  moreover , about 10 % of users in china are using commercialy available vpns , to bypass censorship anyway , and that 's not a secret . 
  there is also corruption , not many people speaks english ( that 's why russians are n't using google and facebook , but instead their services vkontakte and yandex ) and bad work ethics . 
  there 's also very real threat that your assets may be seized by corrupted state of putin . 
  infrastructure is bad , roads are from stalin era . 
  and there 's rampant crime on the streets . 
  domestic market is also small and it 's contracting , so only option would be manufacturing for export . 
  none of this is in china , except some corruption . 
  that 's why no one would invest in russia , especially now . 
  - what is the relationship between the pound , the ruble and the dollar ? 
  - a pound of rubles is worth a dollar . 
  ( this is russian joke ), 
  self-proclaimed maybe . 
  because literally no one talks about him here . 
  he is n't involved in any polish affairs , is n't doing anything with current crisis ( could you tell what this `` president of europe '' done recently , what actions did he took ? ), 
  and is generally silent about everything . 
  it 's no secret that he is very lazy and clueless about his position . 
  angela merkel basically appointed him to this position and it was just another case of her bad decisions , because he wastes time doing nothing . 
  this is really childish behaviour . 
  yes , and mindlessly throwing money never solved any problem . 
  instead , turks will have incentive not to solve migrant crisis , because they will have profits from middle-eastern migrants . 
  why this is actually eu problem ? 
  eu created this problem because it allows for unrestricted settling in europe and gives them money and housing , for basically being from middle east or even balkans or south asia . 
  if germany and sweden stops giving them benefits , and instead require them to work in order to upkeep themselves , there wo n't be any migrants - because they would rather stay in their countries or maybe only those who are willing to work hard would settle here . 
  it 's that easy . 
  instead , maybe european union should sanction turkey for abusing human rights and freedom of the press ? 
  on oecd ranking . 
  also slovakia and czech rep rank high . 
  maybe catholic church should start protecting catholics instead as a start ? 
  do n't forget about vaccine and gmo food oppressing true slavic people from euroslavia !, 
  it 's more like a 6 months of discussion , because migrant influx did n't started with cologne . 
   after cologne , when the public opinion changed a bit to the right , they introduced new ideas how to react to criminal refugees there are no changes in law enforcement , only more talking , while at the same time several thousands of migrants are arriving daily . 
  democracy should n't be confused with weak governance . 
  when modern democracies have formed , their actions was very stern and resolute ( sometimes even too stern , like in french revolution ) . 
  nowadays , various governments not very competent in face of crisis , like chancellor merkel try to blame their failures on being democratic , open-minded or liberal . 
  but that 's not the way crises are handled and incompetence does n't have anything to do with democracy . 
  moreover , it 's dangerous to democracy , because with inability to fight migrant crisis , public opinion can be swayed to populists who will try to restrict democracy . 
  it 's no surprise that germans become a little nervous lately . 
  their country future does n't look good and their chancellor is object of criticism from basically whole europe . 
  he meant that as a joke . 
  that 's just talking - everyone is longing for their home country , when they grown and spent their youth . 
  maybe some of them retire in poland and buy property there , especially if western europe becomes less pleasant place to live , given current events , but it would still take many years . 
  why eu does n't do anything with russia ? 
  there are are so much cases of human rights abuse , that there should be international pressure on putin .
