  you stop them by not giving them anything and making them wait . 
  stop being such a whiny spineless cretins and be harsh to them , no leeways , no mercy , you 're allowing people who will live alongside you and be productive members of your society , not fkn pets that will eat shit and sleep at your expense for the rest of their lives . 
  when ww2 ended , it started with killing thousands of unarmed ndh soldiers , their families and even entire villages . 
  tito and the partisans are attributed over 700.000 murders , a huge chunk of that happened as retaliation to the ndh right after ww2 ended . 
  yup , i 'm not ignoring that , im saying that it took the commies months to reach the death toll the fascists took years , and this lasted longer than fascism here . 
  and the corruption and abuse didnt stop if you were a member of the communist party , i know tons of anecdotal stories that would sound retarded , but that 's how life here was , for some more for some less . 
  round them up in a camp , give them 2 options , 1 is stay there , second is go back where they came from . 
  eventually they get vetted and sorted , they either get accepted or denied , if they get accepted they move forward or go home since syria 's war is winding down , or if they get denied , they get to stay in the camp or move back home . 
  why complicate things , pay wellfare for morrocans and somalis , then have problems with controlling them when they 're in europe . 
  i hope erdogan assigns some police to follow them so it doesnt end up like last time . 
  under facsism dozens of people were shot by italians here , under communism entire villages were shot or burned to death . 
  when the italians came here we temporarily lost the croatian language , when the partisans came we lost our homes , land and a lot of family members . 
  wether fascist or commies were worse is very debatable . 
  communism in dalmatia was fun , have family get shot by italian fascists , and be forced to work alongside them , then have more friends and family shot by partisans because they worked alongside fascists . 
  and not to mention the mass murders in general that the partisans did , it took them just a few months to reach the numbers of people murdered that took the fascists four years . 
  nope , it makes the matter cheaper , no red tape and no pussyfooting around eu racism . 
  get the job done and go home eat sarma . 
  stay at home moms are usually happyer than career moms , so saying that they get a shitty deal by getting to raise their kids is bs . 
  also if half the money they spend on immigrants is spent on pro-natality programs the low birth rates could easily be kicked a few decimals up . 
  germany has taken in over a million people , you 're saying its not mass immigration untill native germans are a minority in their own country ? 
  what does that even mean ? 
  germany has laws that protect you from mass immigration , she chooses what laws to follow and which to ignore , this is all on her . 
  does merkel fall into the group that wants to do anything about it ? 
  because i dont see her or any of her peers doing anything except talk and no action . 
  then find another party that checks immigration and is more centrist on other issues , isnt there anyone else in germany that cares about what kind of people come in trough your borders ? 
  yeah , again , europe is way too diverse , and right now the eu has the commission at its helm , who is a bureaucrat body that nobody elected and that answers to nobody , they can do things like mass import muslims who hate us and want to destroy us and there 's nothing we can do except ignore them and work our way around it . 
  if they had actual power over the rest of the eu countries , you would have rapes and murders in hungary and poland just like you have in sweden , germany and france . 
  this isnt something i wish for and i dont see how it would make europe better . 
  how is afd `` far '' right ? 
  having people check who gets in/out of your borders isnt extreme in any way , its normal , and destroying the quality of life for the people who allready live in eu so that the migrants can live off of your wellfare and the attack , rape and murder is something the government should be lynched over . 
  europe isnt a nation though . 
  why cant we keep the eu as it was originaly envisioned , a trade union that will help each individual country prosper trough cooperation and capitalism ? 
  the red flag with a crescent is a turkish flag fyi , the german is black , red and yellow horizontal stripes . 
  unchecked muslim mass immigration for one . 
  99.9 % of refugees are victims of war , how many of the people who got into europe in the last year-two were refugees and who were wellfare immigrants . 
  and the pro-refugee politicians are the ones who are perpetuating the war in the middle east and profiting from it . 
  anti-refugee policy and no arms trade with the middle east will most definately help the middle east by your logic , so you would vote right wing i guess . 
  yeah , if you dont count sharia police , child mariages , women getting treated like animals , pedo rings , wellfare overspending and the muslim problem of not integrating in the countries they immigrate in . 
  that makes even less sense , there is nothing but ideological conflicts in europe with the western way of life vs muslim sharia way . 
  there are no touching points between our cultures and ideologies . 
  and `` death camp '' is again wrong term , its called a concentration camp . 
  so basically another `` drumpf hurr durr '' story that brings up nothing new to the table but half truths and exaggerations . 
  or just put the ones that arent vetted in there , or those who are to be deported aswell . 
  there is no need to give those on the way false hope of a wellfare life in germany , let them know that germany is only for germans and temporarily for those whose lives are in danger . 
  schengen isnt a priority , the trade union , the only really important part of the eu is what 99 % of the eu people want to survive , everything else can be shut down and brought up on demand . 
  i dont mind having to pull up my passport to go to italy or to go to oktoberfest , i dont have any issues with borders , and they couldve been stopped at the external borders , merkel said that she wants to take them in , that 's why they were let trough there , if merkel had said no , vet them , the greeks couldve done it , they had the un there and they had the red cross there , it was possible . 
  nobody is asking for germany to close its borders , im asking why arent you vetting them at the border ? 
  and nobody is asking for germany to foster over other eu nations , actually , it would make a lot of anti-eu people at ease if germany would focus less on other nations in the union and focus more on itself . 
  and there wont be any stricter policies , there are allready laws for this that the german government intentionally ignores and invites more immigrants , what you need is decent politicians who will uphold those laws , stop treating native germans as second class citizens and punish those who break the laws , no matter what their skin colour is . 
  germany is yet to start deporting , their estimates on people that need to be deported arent followed trough , they had over 80.000 people on that list since 2015 and a lot of them are still avoiding deportation . 
  and yes , the police should keep track of all suspicious immigrants , if they cant keep track of them , put them in jail or somewhere where they wont be a threat to the german people . 
  germany doesnt vet or deport , please tell me what is she doing to fight the potential terorists ? 
  do you think german police has the resources to keep track of all of the immigrants inside germany , because they 're doing a shit job at stopping them . 
  luckily for him he 's dead so snowflakes cant persecute him for assaulting a non-white person like they tried to go after they guy who shouted at the terrorist from the balcony . 
  bonus question , what is humor ? 
  you 're wrong . 
  in croatia the biggest `` death camp '' has killed less people during the whole war than the liberators killed civilians in the first 3 months of fascist free liberty . 
  in my town , fascist italians lined up 20 kids against a wall and shot them , after the war the partisans destroyed 3 villages and in one they put the entire village in the church , closed it and burned them alive because they had family in the ustasa and some of their family had fled . 
  if you 're a bloodlusty pos and want to ruin old people 's lives , there 's a entire regime who didnt have their criminals judged , going after peasant soldiers who had no other choice is as u/kerpel22 said witch hunting . 
  nah , fascists were a minority on his death list , he mostly hunted dissidents and politicial opposition but if you had a ustasa in your family , you were as good as dead . 
  who is this guy and why is he relevant ? 
  meh , trump 's tax returns is just the last straw the lefties are grabbing when they get shat on for trying to describe trump as racist , sexist , blah blah . 
  the irs says its okay , the entire msm industry didnt find anything on him in the past year and a half so i 'm safe to assume there 's nothing going on there . 
  they are doing this because they know they will be `` rescued '' . 
  italy could keep their ships docked for a couple days and keep their fingers in their ears and go lalalala , the problem would literally go away on its own . 
  also you couldve just kept them on a island and give them a option of staying in a 6x4 room or going back to their home country , see what they like more . 
  glad i could help you see better . 
  well he 's right , i mean , saudi arabia is constructing mosks all over europe and is funding the most radicalised imams and sending them on tours to preach hate . 
  hahaha , yeah , russians supposedly hacking them is the issue , not the rampant corruption , cronyism and the lies , those werent the problem . 
  and what fascist are they funding , let me know , i 'd like to get a piece of that cake aswell , 
  yeah , that 's a big assumption that they are coming for a better life . 
  when there are studies and you can see it in the way they behave in the streets , from the videos where they behave like spoiled tourists , to them routinely attacking women in the streets , to them refusing to integrate in the country they move in . 
  and then we have their imams spreading hate and the government allowing them to live in enclaves where they separated from the country they moved in . 
  you are delusional if you think they are here just for a better life . 
  and you are still calling them refugees , yeah , whatever man , keep your head up your arse . 
  well the ones in charge are sitting on their hands and waiting while your patroll boats go to north africa and bring more of them . 
  stop patrolling north africa for start , i 'll be safe to predict that the influx of immigrants goes down by 100 % if you do that . 
  the `` fakes '' are taking advantage of the mainstream media 's lies , they have no problem growing because when the msm publishes a lie , they publish the truth and gain viewers , next time people doubt the msm more , and the fake news can be pushed by the other side . 
  then you 'll be left with a media market that boils down to guessing which side is telling the truth . 
  and the big mainstream media is dead , they have abused their size and have grown lazy and shallow . 
  now all you can do is pick 3-4 different media outlets and make your own conclusions because one individual source will give you very little to work with . 
  eh , cnn is constantly pushing a left leaning narrative and every now and then they have to apologise for publishing lies , or messing with quotes . 
  well , you have 40 year olds saying they 're 14 , atleast that will force the imbecile immigration ministers and officers give up on identifying economic migrants as children of war . 
  leave them at the airport , they 're their nationals on their land , let them sort it out , they 've had them for the last x years , im sure they can keep on living there . 
  no , around 20 % of them are from syria . 
  the rest are from pakistan , afghanistan , north africa and morocco . 
  your name fits your posts . 
  tbh , salted earth will give you just as much crops as you would get with propperly applied herbicides . 
  wow who wouldve guessed , the professional polling agencies messed up once again ... do they report on what the results could be or what they wish the results would be . 
  shh , you 're gon na trigger the marxists . 
  whats wrong with prefering one culture over another ? 
  and mixing cultures is bad because you just end up changing the first one into something else . 
  `` we need to first agree facts are a thing '' yeah , definately not a shitpost that reduces the discussion to semantics . 
  there are other latinos other than mexicans though . 
  no , germany doesnt deport , you 've had hundereds of thousands of people designated for deportation since 2015 and yet next to nobody on that list was deported . 
  maybe now that you 're cracking down on religious extremist groups something might happen , but i doubt it . 
  except in reality it will be also , `` does it offend me ? '', 
  if yes  fake news . 
  a armed society is a polite society . 
  also , gun regulations within the eu are pretty much meaningless when there are no borders between countries anymore , if i wanted i could come to france with a trunk full of guns , rifles and grenades within 2 days from now by car , and the only thing that could stop me is the highway patrolls that stop one in a thousand cars .
