  around 40 % of people from london are white , and east london historically had cheaper housing because it was primarily working class , and that 's where the immigrants were pouring in the most . 
  where do you think serbs came trough to croatia ? 
  during oluja , croats went after serbs trough parts of bosnia , especially when we went after their artillery that was bombing croatia from bosnian border . 
  croats did fight in bosnia , my father did , but not with bosniaks . 
  you obviously didnt follow the news if you talk like that . 
  the reason the govt fell apart is because of the infighting between him and hdz , karamarko tought he could controll him , and oreskovic called the police and threatened him with uskok . 
  since day one hdz had to deal with corruption and scandals , that was the reason they fell apart , not oreskovic 's incompetence . 
  well now that the cars will be built in the us , not in mex , im pretty sure we will see a improvement in quality of the cars being made . 
  there are allmost no whites in east london though , majority there are muslim immigrants . 
  `` today `` fortress europe '' once again stands tall . 
  the small towns on the western balkan route have been forgotten . 
  the thousands of people currently stuck in southeast europe , without a roof over their heads and freezing in subzero temperatures , are rarely worth more than a mention to the public in berlin , vienna or stockholm . '', 
  yeah , i didnt read past this part , since its bull , all refugees have shelter , heated spaces , food , water , clothes , whatnot . 
  the thing is they choose not to go there , because they would need to apply for asylum to get in there , but they want to go to germany or sweden . 
  nobody has forsaken them , they chose this . 
  palestine was never a country , israel existed before palestine . 
  the english owned the land , how they had it is irrelevant , they gave the land to jews who built their country there , then muslims came and built their homes around isreal . 
  fun fact ; the muslim population now is roughly 7 times bigger than when israel was formed , so tell me what oppressed community that cries that it 's being genocided grows exponentionally in size while their occupators are forced to dance around their bs ? 
  how many arab students do you have that you have to introduce laws and legislations to controll them ... 
  this sounds like something on the level of denmark 's wellfare checks for isis fighters . 
  seriously , in this day n age , gays are being discriminated against ? 
  by whom , where ? 
  and dont count the muslim violence towards them as discrimination . 
  so you think gays and minorities are discriminated against ? 
  arent there laws to prevent this , and what legislations would help people feel more wellcoming to someone they dislike or have no feelings either way ? 
  again , this just seems like bull laws that are there to create division between the populace based on their political views . 
  and while i 'm talking about political views , when will we get laws introduced that promote conservative views and punish the rampant biggotry of the left leaning media and universities that discriminate against right leaning students ? 
  two days ago for example afd tried to hold a meeting at a campus and they got bullied off of the stage and their event got cancelled because of liberal students who will face no repercussions for obstructing opposing political points of view . 
  and things like this are going on all over europe , so i think the eu commission should make a move on this subject aswell , a blanket law that targets biggotry of the leftists , what do you think ? 
  you 're right , i say we cut charity and aid influx to africa and the middle east and we offer no help to secular governments and politicians . 
  shut down immigration completely and let them figure out how to deal with their tribalist societies . 
  this way , since we got no connections with them , the blame is all on them and they got no justification for any further violence . 
  no , in palestine muslims are to blame for the conflicts . 
  israel gave them plenty solutions to the problems but the palestinian muslims will only accept a solution in which israel doesnt exist . 
  and ofc , why should other countries take responsibility for themselves when they can blame something that happened a century ago . 
  except there arent any peaks in hate crimes , or can you provide me with sources ? 
  if you 're gon na claim something so outrageous , better back it up with something real , and no , huffpo and buzzfeed hitpieces dont count . 
  i guess this is what merkel meant when she said the nazis went underground , but i must say , you didnt go deep enough . 
  maybe you shouldve put a tombstone above yourself and 6 feet of dirt , it would definately be a improvement . 
  why doesnt the violence against trump supporters matter ? 
  what makes brown skinned victims more important than white victims ? 
  and what makes you think the `` populists '' want violence against minorities ? 
  they sure as hell havent shown any such sentiments , as far as i 've seen atleast , and i hang out mostly in their subs and circles . 
  the eu is a shitty union , i wouldnt mind seeing it get disbanded , especially since in my country it was supposed to be a trade union , but the bureaucrats in bruxelles keep pushing for more , up to the point where now they are demanding controll over individual country 's immigration policies and threatening with fines and sanctions if countries refuse to comply . 
  so either way , if after they help eachother do what they want , turn on eachother , so be it . 
  im saying there isnt , they 're made up , but actual violence against trump supporters is trivialised . 
  you mean after they started showing le pen leading them ? 
  yeah , and people wonder why right wingers arent keen to talk or work with the media . 
  why is it a problem , or why is it relevant ? 
  80k people died 2-300 years ago , what 's the point in bringing it up now ? 
  islam did , jihad started in the 8th century and it only slowed down , it never stopped . 
  so you hate jews and gays ? 
  because you just acknowleged that your vote might harm jews and gays and vote for more villent muslims anyway . 
  fuck off , seriously , you wont find one conservative that has any favourable views towards iskam outside of the us gop that have done more for the democrats than republican , namely bushes , mccain and such . 
  `` radical '' did you ever talk to a economic migrant from the last 2 years , or hear them talk ? 
  there 's nothing radical , this is a average muslim , intolerant towards gays and full of hate for jews . 
  are trump 's supporters far right ? 
  because t_d was pretty much going full on pro-gay at the time , they drew up half a dozen gay flairs and had pro-gay threads across the page , most of them calling out the biased media for betraying gays in favour of islam . 
  no , islam is the problem now , inviting other religions when muslims do stupid shit is just mudding the discussion and whataboutism . 
  muslims have a problem on their hands , their religion is stuck in the 8th century and its making problems in the 21st century . 
  muslims are to blame for a lot of stuff , pretending today 's problems exist because of colonialism is plain stupid . 
  no , most of them still hate the same jews , they have just found a bit more accurate name for them . 
  they voted against legislation for better acceptance of gays ? 
  you mean stuff similar to affirmative action in the us ? 
  because that sounds retarded , its institutional racism , and having similar laws based on sexuality is just as dumb . 
  err , nazis had middle eastern and african divisions , they heard that hitler was killing jews and they joined him . 
  there are more muslims now in germany that would support hitler than there are neo-nazis in europe . 
  the muslim 's hatred for the jews is something the left keeps ignoring but in france jews have been having problems because of this for years . 
  nah , the israel thing is just making it hard to keep their anti-semitism hidden and they lose it . 
  you didnt notice did you ? 
  the republicans are still the same , their leadership hates trump , from bush to rubio , if they had it their way trump would never be prez . 
  breaking up the bureaucratic globalists in bruxelles will help all of the nationalists , there 's nothing in their policies that calls for isolation and giving eachother a middle finger at every turn . 
  no , the media has made it very clear they are against the afd and similar , the afd didnt wake up one day and say `` okay , we dont have enough enemies , lets hit up the a-z media and send them hate mail '' . 
  your media is varyous degrees of leftist and centrist , tell me , how many journalists do you know that were promoting open borders , then name me how many have promoted closing the border ? 
  problem is that most of the msm have a leftist bias , and other have a agenda against them . 
  fake hate crimes , if they were in the news , 90 % of them were debunked next week . 
  the only hate crime that was actually true that i remember was when a muslim cop was attacked because he was muslim , all others were debunked . 
  like in your country , the virtue signaling tards are the loudest , doesnt mean its all we have . 
  assange corrupt . 
  lol . 
  yeah , and water is wet , of course we shouldnt put them on a fast route to eu , then trying to vet them here , vet them outside of eu , then bring refugees that need help inside . 
  because i am yet to see muslims be accused of hate crimes . 
  anywhere in eu or the us for that matter , eventhough every single assault they commit can be classified as one . 
  please point out to one place in europe where nazis are genociding entire ethnicities , babies and all , because i can point to articles everyday where people are abused by muslims , thrown off of buildings , having their heads cut off and so on . 
  well , if the nazis are going to do something about the immigrants abusing eu laws and raping and murdering people , then i would rather stand with them than have to listen to minarets play their songs 5 times a day and have to avoid dark alleys at night . 
  besides , compare what countries that were under nazism look like today , and compare what countries under islam are like today , which one do you prefer to live in ? 
  vegetarian sausages arent sausages . 
  they , fake sausages . 
  no , its misleading because they arent sausages . 
  the guy is preparing the stage to sue the german police and government for a nice summ , and since he has brown skin , ofc he will get it . 
  calling it now . 
  no , the euro are the rings given out to the human , elvish and dwarven kings . 
  people have been raped and murdered in the streets , i think that affects their qol aswell as their familys , and you 're claiming because we have heating and we can get a nice car that we arent allowed to keep the streets safe ? 
  why do you keep invoking human rights ? 
  nobody is forcing them into europe , nobody is murdering them in their home countries , syrians would be granted asylum , the wellfare migrants dont get anything , period , absolutely nothing for them , a tent surrounded by a fence , bread and water and a option to go back home or stay in . 
  when these immigrants show respect for any of the eu cultures and societys , thats when i will be willing to take a look at them again . 
  right now all we have are millions of immigrants scattered all over europe who will never integrate into our society and who are a drain on the wellfare system , a strain to the police force and a cultural plague that makes us put concrete blocks around empty christmas markets . 
  tito i partija !, 
  we had a ton of tents for them , they dont need a four star hotel to stay in , beggars aint choosers , but i guess if you 're muslim you can have it all . 
  you 're really that blind , and you seriously cant understand , that as long as you give them everything , they will keep trying go reach europe in hordes .
