  pretty much all of them have a identity problem and dont live with eachother , just tolerate to some extent . 
  money for who ? 
  also how much does the sovereignity of your country cost ? 
  the eu is allready deciding our foreign policy and who we let in , as in do what we say or pay face consequences . 
  `` entirely unknown '' there were a few pics showing some graphs and what ttip stands for , like global corporations suing countries for holding back their profits , for pretty much any reason ... 
  i dont have that infograph right now , but hey , if you showed me a list of 20 good reasons to go for it , then please do . 
  the whole eu is panicking , literally everyone in bruxelles wants england to stay and brittish stay arguments were just fearmongering . 
  any britt with half a brain would vote for leave , just because of the stay arguments and their fearmongering . 
  if stay had any good appeal they would present it , not this over the top bs they are spouting now . 
  well that will never happen ... merkel and bruxelles want these people in europe and will do everything in their power to get them in . 
  `` brexit will cause the ice caps to melt '' the fearmongering is real ... every country in the eu needs to have their sovereignity . 
  unfortunately we will see the the vote repeated if the vote is leave or it will end up the same way austria handled its presidential election , with a fraud . 
  / watch?v = nq_j2c6hrz0 the serbs allways had a special love/hate relationship with islam . 
  well , mostly hate but if it works for them , let them go , 
  tito was a great guy , if you ignore the people he murdered and the people he sent to goli otok . 
  also nevermind the fact that he didnt have a fucking clue on how to build a functioning industry with free money flowing in for decades from both us and sssr . 
  lets hope this guy doesnt turn out to be a wife beater like the last one that was promoted in the media ... 
  please no , we dont want to be overrun with muslims and get shit on by bruxelles . 
  well i 'd rather have the people unemployed then in suicide nets ... 
  multitude of same rephrased views on the same subjects , unless you go dig for other sources that arent mainstream ... also lol @ the downvotes, 
  hahaha as if the same cant be said for the western media . 
  if this could be a bit more biased it would be fiction ... 
  the ustase were bad , but what happened there was just a bloody intro into the communism in yugoslavia that left a lot people wit a bitter taste . 
  and the people who were slaughtered there were unarmed and had surrendered . 
  i see nothing wrong with comemorating soldiers who fought for their country no matter what kind of leadership they had . 
  what i meant to say is you can see the difference from a mile away , you dont need to see their id , their behavior and language tells you everything . 
  yeah , well that 's what i was saying , catalonian hospitals for example cant make their own budgets , but have other hospitals make their budgets and catalonia has to paythem when they have their own staff that can do that . 
  and this is the corruption i was talking about , getting rid of all the red tapes would save catalonia billions of euros , and if they could get rid of the corruption in politics they would do pretty good on their own . 
  but it 's all a big if this , if that ... also dont use huff post as source , because credibility is a foreign concept to that company . 
  they would be accepted if they werent petty criminals and beggars , every summer here in croatia we have thousands of gypsies that have lived here for generations tirn up to beg tourists for the change in their pockets , then in the evening drive away in their brand new bmw 's and other german cars . 
  i refuse to see a petty criminal as equal , and nobody will accept them as a part of our society untill they themselves decide to become a part of our society . 
  they may have that in their birth certificate , but when you encounter one you will see a gypsy , not a romanian . 
  ustase havent done anything since the ww2 , and are pretty much non-existant . 
  unlike the fact that there are muslims planing on repeating what happened in paris and bruxelles . 
  and you can be as sarcastic as you want but that wont change the fact that people will die due to islamic extremism . 
  how about the blatant corruption that 's putting catalonia last in line for tax money , where they get way less then other parts of spain or where their public institutions have to jump trough extra hoops to be able to operate at the same standard as others ? 
  i watched some documentary a while back , dno maybe im wrong , but doubt it . 
  they didnt shut down any mosks , they only arrested 273 muslims and confiscated enough weapons for a small army ... good luck at the cup this summer , i sincerely hope that too many people dont die ... 
  how about the non-secret islamic schools that teach the same things this one did ? 
  well russians made up a ton of stuff about the nazis since the 1940 's and a lot of it 's considered the truth these days ... 
  they just kept going where they stopped before . 
  `` importance '', 
  it 's a force of habbit at this point , since y' know shadowban and censoring for pretty much anything happens . 
  ttip is a terrible idea , it will only benefit the global conglomerates at the expense of the middle class and the countries they work in . 
  https://stop-ttip ( dot ) org/what-is-the - problem-ttip-ceta /, 
  well most of the violence i know of in sweden is from ts3 , when playing with swedes online or from non-swedish media . 
  if the swedes cant voice their concerns , how can they do anything concrete ? 
  lol they disagree with hungary keeping it 's citizens safe ... well now you know , if bruxelles is showing you a cold shoulder it means you 're doing something right :d, 
  the more of them there are , the smaller the chance of them to try and assimilate . 
  they cant escape their tribalist worldview since it 's taught in their homes and mosks , and you cant do anything about it . 
  have fun with mohammed shutting down your local pubs for serving alcohol . 
  he 's not scottish , he 's muslim before everything else , that 's why he was adressed as such ... 
  this article is bs from the first sentence . 
  this was from 2014 . 
  in the last few months there were grenades blowing up regularly and harrasment of swedes is a norm , or is it in stockholm ? 
  maybe both ? 
  idno , everything that depicts muslims in a negative light is ignored in sweden or simply censored . . 
  several ? 
  it 's a family of 3 , how many disabled children can they have , and you know very well that their disabilities are questionable at best . 
  that 's what you get for trying to keep your country to yourself , the corporations wont be able to own you so they have no interest in working with you . 
  clinton said she wants to go to war with russia ... what do you think would come out of that ? 
  while trump wants to make allies out of the russians and putin seems to like trump . 
  dont know where you get your info from but trump is a way better candidate to bring peace in the middle east then clinton . 
  but the eu is funding the african media , and explaining them the safest routes to europe , the propaganda is at full force allready . 
  just the opposite of what a normal person would do . 
  lol people hating on romania bedcause all they know from there are the gypsies the eu let in other european countries . 
  and to all the people crying under me , i read what he 's cutting , and none of the programs made anything noteworty , none of them . 
  and most of them dont deserve govt money , if they can survive on their own , good on them if not , that means that they make shit art and nobody wants them . 
  there was allready a investigation on flynn , and he was cleared . 
  literally nothing ties trump to russia , and everything in the media about russia is made up or sourced from the very credible cia and the sources are `` anonymous '' . 
  so again , nobody can verify anything . 
  good luck people of netherlands and geert wilders :-), 
  that is simply not true , there are tens of thousands of muslims that immigrated in the uk in the last decade , and people are aware of who they are . 
  it was less about eastern europeans , more about the government moving on to mass immigration of muslims who outright refuse to assimilate . 
  and the uk doesnt `` want it all '' they are offering to stay in some programs that benefits both sides and keep paying their share in those programs . 
  nothing unreasonable . 
   lol you might want to look up on what trump is actually doing instead of reading opinion pieces on him . 
  why stand up to trump , why not stand up for europe ? 
  trump is working for usa , its his job and his responsibility , eu on the other hand doesnt give a shit , they spend more times squirming in their seats and avoiding talks about violent immigrants who make up 80 % of the refugees and god forbid someone do something about them . 
  they 're called share blue i think , same people are runing it as ctr . 
  well they proved to be closer to reality than the media , cant blame me for not trusting consistantly incorrect information that various media sources put out . 
  it 's okay , you dont have to be so butthurt : ^ ), 
  nah , most if not all polling agencies have a left leaning bias , afd will have 20 % or more , at least that 's the vibes i 'm getting from the germans i know . 
  what 's your point , do you really think they went trough the entire screening process ? 
  it takes at least 2 years for europeans to get to the us , middle easterners after 9/11 got to get into the us in 3 months time , do you think they managed to do all the checks in that time ? 
  how do you think muslims holding slaves in texas happens ? 
  http://hardboilednews.net/2016/08/03/sharia-muslims-held-slaves-captive-texas-home-look-judge-just/ or why do you have known extremist imams holding tours across the usa ? 
  and they 're funded by the saudis . 
  or a ton of other shit i cant link or point out now cos on mobile . 
  polls show a lot of things ... hungary for example doesnt have people going around assaulting homosexuals . 
  berlin does , or berlin 's muslim population does that . 
  sweden is so left that most left wing politicians and parties around the world would be called right wing racists in your country . 
   they are already under extreme investigation . 
  its not like you stroll just into the us yeah , that is bs , they actually do just stroll in the us . 
  they just need to wait for 3-6 months to get their papers stamped . 
  or did , its over now . 
  what 's wrong with vetting people that come from countries that are deemed dangerous by the nsa or w.e agency . 
  this is a temporary ban from dangerous countries , when trump finishes setting up the immigration policies and agents , vetting process will start and that will be it . 
  as the wiki says itself , it wasnt a all out war , it was sporadic infighting when they had time off from fighting the serbs and there were next to no casualties . 
  literally nobody thinks it was a big deal or worth mentioning .
