mock all you want , but some muslims have the security passes for a nuclear plant in belgium , think that 's safe ? 
  i forsee cars burning in the streets due to extreme racism and biggotry coming from the germans . 
  why are so many people easy to dismiss the argument that our cultures simply dont mix ? 
  every time someone puts out this argument , either the subject moves to ad hominem attacks , subject is completely changed or it stops . 
  well we did accept the absolutely cheapest offer for the maintainance so it doesnt really surprise me . 
  wtf that was one pat on the nose , you cant call that a punch ... 
  well since a lot of people call caring for your country extremist , the title doesnt really say much . 
  and the text says `` the precise details of what constitute an extremist group are classified '' so it could literally mean just that . 
  except what he 's saying is by getting rid of men the society would collapse , compared to getting rid of mena immigrants would help the society by reducing wellfare costs and reducing crime . 
  and he 's right . 
  if you give them a inch , they will take your life , dont think for a second that your government is mass immigrating friendly and hard working people to your country . 
  lol, 
  there were a bunch of threads on difference between crime statistics and laws among eu members , people were mostly commenting on sweden or romania , but poland scored within the top 3 safest eu countries in all stats you could find . 
  not just for jews , poland is a safe country with low crime rates . 
  taking criticism from obama isnt something you should take seriously , the guy cant decypher what are the motives of cop killer that wrote on facebook and twitter that hates cops and wants to kill them ... 
  yeah , in 2010 nobody said a thing about rotherham , but by 2015 the 1400 sexually abused children and their rape gangs were only starting to get reported on ... just because you personally werent affected by it , doesnt mean there arent people being hurt , and there are , even trough the merkels censored internet i heard that yesterday there were multiple sexual assaults on some girls ona festival in ahrensburg . 
  in case you have been living under a rock , here 's a short summary , muslims are immigrating to europe in massive numbers , its the biggest migration in europes history . 
  and they are asking for wellfare , housing , cars , mosks and sharia law . 
  right now they are fasting for ramadam and they are more pissed then usual because they cant eat while the sun is up . 
  and around 60 people have died in us and europe since yesterday to angry muslims . 
  meanwhile , if someone has a issue with muslims killing westerners , they are called biggot , racist and xenophobe . 
  edit ; one word . 
  as long as you keep saying hey my name is rupur and i am a muslim i know what i can expect from you and i will distance myself from anyone like yourself . 
  `` enhances stadium security '' what the fuck france , you have constant arrests of extremists on your borders transporting weapons , 2 months ago you arrested nearly 250 extremists and you have a large population that wasnt vetted and could be violent , you have no right to have any security holes , do you want another paris like incident or do you not care anymore ?? 
  for fucks sake !, 
  what about rhodesia ? 
  whites and blacks run the country side by side and it still ended up turning into a complete mess . 
  soo we shouldnt protect our borders because obama ? 
  and saying that being racist is a problem is just retarded , you 're doing your job , saving people 's lives and name calling is stopping you ? 
  i didnt hear the serbs complain when these civilians blocked roads , and took up arms and shot at croatian police and army , but when they got their shit pushed in `` oh no why isnt anybody doing something about the poor civilians '' . 
  no , this is all bs , the separatists are shooting their neighbours and the ukrainian army hasnt hurt one person since the start of the conflict / s altough somebody actually did say this to me and meant it ... 
  the law is there to counter facebook groups , censor google searches and make sure you dont find anyone puting a spotlight on muslim sexism , rape , asault stories etc. . . 
  the tought police is allready at work and several facebook pages were taken down while google is doing his part and not giving you the search results you want . 
  whenever you give people chance to do something for their personal benefit without holding them responsible for it , they will do it . 
  the eu is just another big government body that is eventually going to go full orwellian on europe and make us regret it . 
  and it has allready started . 
  never , we dont need another government body that is responsible to no-one and tells us how to live our lives or how to run our economy . 
  not to mention the corruption in a government body of that size that could ruin everyone in that union one by one . 
  f. . k that , no thanks . 
  just some more stay propaganda , nothing relevant or interesting . 
  and so it begins ... the euro 2016 aka #notallmoslems, 
  slovenia , my winter vacations and their unironical love for 90 's croatian pop/dance music is why i love that country :d, 
  nah , we were pretty much the same , from religion to everyday life . 
  just as we move on with our lives and live in different places under different political rules we change . 
  i like you all , but it 's best if we just stay friends , 
  thanks eu !, 
  he is allready polling ahead of hillary and is growing every time the polls are updated , i dont see why he wouldnt win the elections if the polls are to be trusted . 
  hahahaha you think social unrests will be the downfall of russia , or that they need to keep wining wars to be able to sustain themselves . 
  come on you cant be this stupid . 
  gender selective abortions ? 
  * citation needed *, 
  well , if it were up to the immigrants , they would have the right to bear children , cook , clean and that 's pretty much it , what else would they possibly want ? 
  well , she kinda is lifting the immigration limits , or atleast pushing them . 
  i read a report a week or 2 ago about merkel planing to bring around 1.5 million more of north africans to germany over the course of next 3-4 years . 
  that report came right after she said that immigration needs to be more controlled so either she has no idea what she is doing , or she is full of shit . 
  roma arent heavily discriminated against , why does everyone who never ran into a gypsy keep saying this ? 
  i have a few romanian friends and i have gypsies here every summer flocking to beg in the streets when the summer starts , so i know a thing or two about thm , and the name `` gypsy '' was used way before the nazis came around . 
  and also they arent kept out of education , they are being literally forced to educate their children , and in a lot of cases social workers have to intervene so their children would be sent to schools , because they think education is a waste of time and try to avoid it at all cost . 
  also articles about them begging ; http://www.romania-insider.com/romanian-beggars-scandinavian-countries/151205/ https://www.quora.com/why-are-there-so-many-romanian-beggars-spread-all-over-europe or you can just google shit for yourself . 
  i know half a dozen beggars that come to my city every year and beg infront of my uncle 's barber shop . 
  they get around 100-200 $ per day , when the average pay around here is 600 $ per month . 
  and at the end of the day when they 're done they change their clothes and drive away in their mercedes s class . 
  except that i can protest at my city hall , or infront of the government body that made this decisions , who the fuck will go across europe to protest in bruxelles with no result because they arent responsible to you , but only themselves and the profit of global corporations that have lobbyes there . 
  so basically you 're fucked if something bad pulls trough there ... 
  okay , thanks for the heads up . 
  romanian gypsies = / = romanians that do anything else other then begging or steal . 
  i have plenty of romanian friends and i have ran into plenty gypsies to know the difference . 
  it 's the base of the gypsy `` culture '' , they dont get any kind of education , and if there is any way to deny their children education , they will do it , and make their children beg for them . 
  if you want to know more about how gypsies function , look at romanian laws who are there exactly because of the excessive begging and petty scams and thiefs that plagued that country . 
  and i 'm asking you why do you take in just 1 immigrant who is there to live off of your wellfare ? 
  shouldnt there be a agency in charge of checking who and why is going in your country ? 
  the third point on the page of your link makes ttip a waste of time , if one country says no , the law isnt passed , meaning one country can say fuck you and the entire ttip goes down the drain . 
  also some of the `` myth debunks '' are vague as fuck , like the standards of public water and healthcare , where the standards have to stay atleast the same , when price will go up in 100 % of the cases . 
  and hungary will probably come out and say no to every point that ttip brings to the table , and when it happens the eu will tell hungary to stfu and go ahead and try to pass it either way . 
  what happens then ? 
  what can hungary do to avoid being affected by it , or any other country that stands alone or in minority ? 
  because i highly doubt the bureaucrats of bruxelles will accept their ttip being torn to pieces . 
  err , and when do we vote or have a say in it , when it 's introduced in our laws or do we get to see it before ? 
  it 's more info then we get from the eu , who say it 's good for us and leave it at that . 
  yeah , i get where you 're coming from , but what they meant , and it was pointed out multiple times in this thread , is that your average german doesnt want to live next door to a middle-easterner or african . 
  and they are racist , and i say so what ? 
  the vast majority of the people they criticize are racist aswell , just that their racism doesnt affect them at all , they spout hate but the government will never act upon it , while if i was writing something racist in germany i would probably end up in jail . 
  but they were right , i know dozens of croatians and bosnians that took advantage of german wellfare system and then got back when they got fed up . 
  just like they were right with romania , whose gypsies are now begging all over europe and earning more money then the average german is . 
  and the thing is , after all of that , croatians and other ex-yu countries arent that much different culturally from germany , but muslims on the other hand arent anywhere near the western society , nor do they wish to integrate . 
  some do want to integrate , but as pew global research and other research centers have reported that a vast majority of them dont want to integrate but want to push sharia on germany . 
  and i can say the same back to you , how do i say that there is a big number of muslims who are fucking up the community they enter without being called racist ? 
  and i have red cross , any statistics about crime and a ton of researches done on that demographic that show that they are overrepresented in prisons , way more violent and not motivated to work as much as the people from the communities they enter . 
  aswell as many testimonies from people who lived alongside large numbers of muslims that ended up driving them away from places they used to grow up . 
  how can you say that islam , and muslims arent a problem when you have examples like the entire sweden , and pretty much any muslim ghetto around europe . 
  yeah , a monologue according to you is a perfect way to solve a problem , you say how racist we are and we just sit back while the crime rates climb up 200-300 % and numbers of sexual assaults go sky high . 
  untill we dont sit back . 
  anyone who doesnt let immigrants in their country has to pay $ 250.000 fine per immigrant . 
  if that isnt infringing in the sovereignity of a country , unless you roll them in in tanks you probably wont find anything alarming here . 
  okay , how do we debate about islam without mentioning its followers or adressing the issues related to them ? 
  ofc without being racist ? 
  but why does merkel insist on mass imigration of uneducated and unskilled people who will spend their lives on wellfare , eventhough she admitted multiple times that it 's a mistake ? 
  yup , its definately discrimination to protect your citizens from terrorism / s, 
  arent they ? 
  go look at london or pretty much any place in europe with large muslim populations .
