  based on wikipedia alone , gulen seems like the redeeming angel of islam , producing music albums with various cultures represented and in general arguing for a unification of the religious world , including the non-believers under humanitarian ideas . 
  i do n't know much about his schools though , except they have been criticized for segregating older students by gender . 
  what the impotent sarcastic rage in this thread is not enough for you ? 
   boots all muslims from the continent . 
  we 've done it before hahahaha , when . 
  while they were invading the iberian peninsula , while they had rule over the balkan peninsula , for 6-700 years , or do you just like the sound of those meaningless words . 
  is this the / r/theotherpartofeurope 's version of the rolling ataturk infinite energy dynamo ? 
  you 're treating death , hunger and poverty like it 's a bad family meet-up . 
  some people are humbled by it and seek out nothing but humanity and normality , others quite simply dehumanized by it by turning it into a justification for nihilism . 
  i would n't trust any 17-18 year old to be in the former group by default . 
  good . 
  public opinion is shit . 
  it should n't matter if it 's a dirty word or what primitive emotion it evokes . 
  it matters if it works . 
  the usa is a shining example of how the punishment mentality combined with other extreme factors creates greater recidivism rates . 
  you do n't have to like criminals , but it 's in everyone 's best interest to treat them in a way that would reduce the chance of them committing other crimes . 
  if not that then you might as well lock them up forever . 
  yeah right cause only penises can commit rape . 
  nice try . 
  and a rapist is only a danger to society through committing rape cuz once you 're assigned a crime area , it 's criminal honor code to never stray into another one . 
   help  can be rehabilitated  sufficient enough punishment you 're mixing your terms up out of pure force of habit . 
  ca n't even go two sentences discussing rehabilitation without turning to punishment . 
  you realise most mosques in europe are not some evil saudi-backed conspiracy , but are actually dependent on government grants to survive . 
  well those grants are granted under conditions that usually include stuff like ` you ca n't give advice to women who are mistreated by their husbands to hush it up and not go to the police ' for example . 
  do you think extremist muslim clerics are so untouchable or are you just running your mouth for the sake of pathos ? 
  no they 're aware of their situation just like anyone vying for power , otherwise they would n't be getting power , and this includes knowing the limits of what they can and can not legally do to piss off your stupid ass . 
  openly calling for riots on the streets from the mosques is not one of those things in any universe . 
  the mosques will get shut down plain and simple . 
  when you rephrase it in the extremes it makes more sense at least at face value . 
  somewhere between those two extremes is a sensible adult who will either compromise with their purchasing power or with the social scenery . 
   a big reason to hate libertarianism is because it does n't see humans as humans . 
  a big reason why that statement is irrelevant is because it 's a logical fallacy called argumentum ad hominem . 
   not because they do n't like their country but because economic factors are pushing them out i do n't see the difference . 
   that 's wrong . 
  no it 's not . 
  people starving is wrong and every modern country has the applicable safety nets . 
  in a perfect world every community would thrive , but in an imperfect world we have to prioritize essentials , over satisfying what i will once again call pure sentimentality . 
  edit : and it 's not like the eu and local governments are not already subsidizing local production . 
  programs like the arla brand have at their very basis the idea of providing fairer prices to dairy farmers in a bid to stop the biggest concerns from out-competing every small dairy farmer in existence . 
  donors from the arab world already paid for them . 
  some rules to monitor and regulate who can teach at them would be useful . 
  as people above said that would be hard , because it would require a change in french policy on religion , but doing a stupid easy thing that would justify more discontent of muslims for the west is a bad idea . 
  the irrational fanatics will be outraged no matter what . 
  do we really want to piss off the ones that are living normal peaceful lives as well ? 
  in my mind if any ideological opposition can come against radical islam , the strongest place it can come from is the majority of ordinary peaceful muslims . 
  so you 're saying no foreign money for local religious buildings ? 
  and what do we do with the existing ones , tear them down ? 
  yup . 
  sad world . 
  nah , it makes you stupid . 
  in bulgaria we have a saying that goes something like ` stupidity is more malicious than maliciousness . ', 
  it sounds much better in bulgarian , but eh , what can you do :p, 
  i do n't see you feeling bad yet . 
  it 's not the same thing . 
  a government has a right to protect its people and resigning is one way to end a coup . 
  comparing the obligations of an organized militia to the obligations of a sovereign state is idiotic , naive and you should feel really really reaaly bad !, 
  :d good day . 
  i 'm not saying it 's fake , i 'm making a point about the nature of false flag attacks . 
   these are real places , where real humans live . 
  not numbers on a chart . 
  and if they 're not good enough they will inevitably die out or become retirement/holiday places . 
  personal interests will always trump sentimentality . 
  it 's absurd to believe that a small village can support all but a small fraction of young people 's aspirations in life . 
  there 's no such thing as ` the people ' . 
  moderates will hide and survive by their nature of being moderates . 
  erdogan has rallied the more extreme parts of society , the kind that are prepared to die by throwing themselves against the section of the military that 's taking part in the coup . 
  politics is not as clearly cut-out in terms of good and evil as post-ww2 rhetoric would like us to believe . 
  however what erdogan did by asking his supporters to go be cannon fodder in hopes that the conscripts would rather surrender ( which a lot of them did ) than shoot at civilians can be described as evil to the full meaning of the word . 
  a failed coup will further empower erdogan , and give him more legitimacy to crack down on political and media opponents . 
  it 's fucked up and it 's gon na fuck you up . 
  it 's good cinema though , and if you like that sort of thing you might enjoy it in a twisted way . 
  the media is an essential part of any democracy . 
  without equal coverage from all sides of the media you might as well proclaim yourself president and not hold any elections at all . 
   do n't think so since people are dying ... 
  if the definition of a set-up is that no-one dies , then any self-respecting set up will include casualties . 
  i do n't believe capitalism works in its current mode and i 've been starving to death for the last three days since i ran out of food in the fridge . 
  help . 
  of course it is - that 's how it started out . 
  of course now that we do n't live in city states its impractical for every citizen to participate in deliberations so we have representation instead . 
  we also have constitutions to prevent said representatives from deliberating us back into the stone age . 
  a constitutional representative democracy is a better description of the situation we find ourselves in . 
  it 's sub-optimal - how many consenting adults in the 21st century would willingly go through circumcision for religious reasons ? 
  a small minority of fanatics and other less extreme exemplars of the failure of rationality . 
  any religion needs a constituency of moderates to take the hits while the demagogues do their work . 
  you 're looking for the term ` constitutional democracy ' . 
  it would probably be fair to add even more modifiers since we very rarely make any choices in a direct vote such as a referendum and even when we do those are not always legally binding as an example - the brexit referendum . 
  the constitutional part is the part you 're referring to , defining inalienable rights among other things , so that people ca n't for example democratically majority vote themselves or a sub-set of the population into slavery . 
  it 's democracy in name , while in practice we have only a faint generalized perception of what the majority wants , taken into account , and only when parties or nominees compete amongst each other . 
   simply because no one wants to be the person who calls out that claim for what it is . 
  out of fear . 
  at this point it 's more that people ignore it as white noise . 
  just like any other big important word that carries a lot of baggage with it , when it gets thrown around for pathos . 
  relevant : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fdvgs9nlr-g, 
   as long as you have a system of `` you can apply once you step your foot here '' , you will incentivise illegal migration and significant amounts of economic migrants , it 's built into the system by default that way . 
  mhm lem me submit those documents through this failing totalitarian regime 's post system then i 'll beeline it back home and hope an answer comes before a bomb pulverises the house . 
  it 's not easy to have a sensible refuge policy since there 's a lot of factors to take into account . 
  all china has done to make it look simple is avoid a lot of those factors because they do n't hold themselves up to the standards we do in the eu because they have a one-party communist regime permanently in power and can afford not to . 
  since the first bulgarian ~ ~ kingdom ~ ~ empire ( because larger and khans , not kings at the time ) was founded around 600-700 ad , the countryside is littered with remains of abandoned villages , burial places , places of worship and not the least lots of gold and jewelry from the period . 
  so archaeology students and organizations are doing their best to beat the illegal treasure-hunters before they destroy the site looking for the pot of gold , then sell it on the black market or worse melt it . 
  it 's a sort of superstition that if you build the church/building on the grave of an important person it 's both an honor to that person and will strengthen the building .
