disbanding would be a good start . 
  as if the pro europeans are n't crooked to the bone . 
  we talk about tax money here , it is supposed to support democracy , not to support the establishment only . 
   and that 's why shootings are as common in poland as in the us , right ? 
  switzerland and the czech republic are as liberal as the us , where are all those shootings in this countries ? 
  we are taling about self loading weapons , not about weapons of war tho . 
  firearms united is a good start , but until now the only relevant gun right organisations are pro tell ( swiss ) and lex ( czech ), 
  all of this is so shit , nothing will get safer . 
  it will only be more expensive and more of a pain in the ass for law abiding citizens now . 
  by the way , i think there was great work by firearms united ( and pro tell ) that at least prevented the absolutly terrible dutch proposal, 
  the spd is the problem here . 
  they only care about beeing in the goverment , not about actually keeping their election promises . 
  if they would care about gay rights , what they dont , they would have enforced it when they formed the coalition . 
  spd dose n't keep its promises , cdu at least does . 
  nah , spd will have forgotten about their promisses the very moment they sit on one table with the union to form a coalition , just like last time . 
  we wont have gay marriage anytime soon, 
  seriously , who still belives them after all this years claiming this ? 
  they wont do it , its that simple . 
  a person that is about to be killed has the right to defend himself , a women that is about to get raped has the right to defend herself . 
  and they have the right to own the tools needed for this . 
  the victims of crime are the ones that have to be protected , not the murders and rapists . 
   switzerland does n't count it does , but even then then look at austria or the czech republic , they have relaxed gun laws and low homicide rate . 
  gun controll will result only in results in violence against people that are n't allowed to defend themself, 
  exercising violence and owning guns are two different things . 
  you have ( or dosnt have , depending on country ) the right to protect yourself as much as you would have with strict gun laws . 
  switzerland has the highest ammount of gun owners in europe , yet it at the same time has the lowest ammount of violent crimes . 
  because it restricts the ownership of legal guns , and those are by no means relevant in criminal statistics in europe . 
  it will not increase safety by any means . 
  somewhat , one big problem is that if the curre n't goverment would remain ( what is likely ) they could get like 66 % together . 
  resulting in a small and weak opposition once more . 
  otherwise yep . 
  and what is your contribution ? 
  supporting theft . 
  nope , just because you let other people pay for services you recive it dose n't become free . 
  lets see  you can live and work legally in any of the 28 ( soon 27 ) countries of the european union ... . plus switzerland , norway , liechtenstein , and iceland !, 
  thats god , but its an schengen agreement thing , not an eu one . 
   so obviously , you can also visit and stay in all the countries above as much as you want during your holidays or business trips -- visa free !, 
  you cant stay in all countries as long as you want , manny have certain requirements  you can study in universities everywhere in the eu for the same tuition as the local citizens ... meaning you can even get an undergrad or a master 's degree for free !, 
  no , its not free at all . 
  you pay for it with your taxes . 
   you have access to the european health insurance card which works almost everywhere in europe !, 
  in theory nice , in reality it often dose n't work out at all . 
   free trade agreements within the eu save consumers ( like you ) billions of dollars in tariffs , taxes , and customs checkpoints . 
  we can also have trade agreements outside of eu ( see nafta or tpp ) . 
   if you are a university student in the eu , you can participate in the erasmus program ... . which is f#@%ing awesome !, 
  yeah , f#@%ing awesome !, 
  i love seeing my tax money being wasted !, 
   roaming phone costs for you within the eu are much cheaper than out of it ... but soon , these costs will be gone entirely !, 
  yep , thats cool . 
  but that this is the `` big eu thing '' is sad . 
   open skies agreements within the eu and with the us make flying much cheaper for you . 
  again , you can have open skies between the us and a soverign countries outside of eu . 
   you enjoy lower credit card and banking fees within the european union . 
  yep , thats a good thing . 
   the frontex makes it easier and cheaper to protect the eu 's schengen external borders . 
  protect ? 
  they did n't protected shit !, 
  europe was absolutly flowded with refugees in 2015 . 
  we let the turks do the dirty work . 
   if your country uses the euro , it saves loads by not having to exchange currency every time they do business with other euro countries . 
  and the euro has turned out to be catastrophic for manny southern eu members . 
   if you care about the environment , the european union is the place to belong to . 
  yeah , exept people like this sorbs that was kicked out of their home with friendly eu support by mining companies , they have no place anymore to begin with !, 
   big transnational corporations ca n't bully around your country when it 's part of the eu . 
  yep , thats the job of the eu-commission then . 
   you can easily drive with your local driver 's license anywhere in the eu . 
  and i can also do this in manny non eu nations  it 's much harder for your country to go to war with another country if they are both part of the eu . 
  we did n't had a major war in europe long before 1993 , thanks to nato and nukes  if you are an eu citizen , you can count on equal pay and nondiscriminatory laws in the workplace . 
  and we all know reality is different . 
   if you are part of the eu , your country saves loads in time and money when dealing with regulations . 
  and pays loads in time and money for useless eu projects  you have the right to be protected by the diplomatic and consular authorities of any other eu country while abroad . 
  most countries have agreements that let their citizens protect by a different consular authorities when they dont have an own one . 
   loads of eu money is invested in infrastructure and research in your country . 
  yep , loads of eu money taken away from the nationstates . 
   eurojust and europol help fight criminal networks around the eu to keep you safe !, 
  yeah , unlike nations like switzerland with its lowest homicide rate of the world , boy this country is n't safe at all  by being part of the eu , you are a counterbalance to trump 's america and putin 's russia . 
  uhm , nope . 
  the eu nowhere nearly as powerfull as the us or russia . 
  im not angry , i just belive that ill people have the right to get help . 
  thats a non argument , i dont want the impact of gay marriage on society . 
  thats like saying : `` if you do n't like guns then do n't buy guns . 
  pretty easy . '', 
  or `` if you do n't like drugs then do n't do drugs . 
  pretty easy . '', 
  another reason to vote cdu , csu or afd . 
   free you mean paid by with our taxes ? 
  the sec . 
  council would never allow this , so discussing it is fairly useless . 
  also germany already has us nukes integrated in its defense concept, 
  germany already harbours one of the highest ammount of nukes per capita of the entire world . 
  not between two people of the same gender , it is n't natural at all . 
  good , minors should n't have to see such things . 
  because you face physically challenging things , exept with a lot of training a women wont be able to do what the averange male can do . 
  also you have in general less interest from comming from women , when i served the ** conscript ** men was in general more enthusiastic than the voluntary women . 
  women in the military are only causing trouble , this maybe sound sexist and unfair but thats how it is, 
  women in the military do more harm than good , they dont belong there . 
  fairness is nice , but if it destroys the purpose its counterproductive, 
  because it is a democracy , despite some hate this . 
  by the way , the bayernpartei used to be in the bundestag and still can get elected into it , despite they are against german unity, 
  getting your news from reddit is somewhat shit for exactly this reason , people can controll what you see and what not,
