hahahaha !, 
  only russians can use this word and all of their neighbors are scared of them !, 
  you are right . 
  i live in cze and i ca n't enjoy any movie properly if it 's dubbed . 
  i wanted to see the lego movie in cinema , but no , children movie = unfortunately only dubbed . 
  we have lots of equivalents for the word `` fuck '' here in czr , however \u0161ukat is definitely the most used . 
   california is the # 1 in high quality porn hahahahahahahaha !, 
  sorry , i just had to . 
  also i do n't know if you can call that thing you have there by ` internet connection ' . 
  fuck that video is ironic as it gets . 
  also that slovakian company is owned by not just some * random * czech guy but the owner is ** czech finance minister ** andrej babi\u0161 ( just a random fact ) . 
  hehehe ... 
  i was n't saying people are intolerant about vietnamese . 
  i think we actually like them , rather than anything . 
  they study , provide us with relatively cheap food , small grocery stores , they are tolerant to us we are to them , they have peaceful religion , newer generations know the language very well , sometimes they sell cheap weed ... tl ; dr vietnamese poeple come to czech rep. to start business rather than being another cheap construction worker, 
  most likely tolerant . 
  but not everyone approves of their way of war with palestina . 
  gay people ? 
  i guess that would be about 25 % and more . 
  since 2006 we have registered partnership and that 's about it . 
  but recently there were talks about adoptions , but i seriously have no idea . 
  black people ? 
  that 's the interesting part . 
  we might have more vietnamese people than blacks ( it certainly seems to be the case ) . 
  you do n't really meet them everyday and it 's somewhat weird . 
  but i have a friend from kongo and people are tolerant , i think , maybe curious but very tolerant . 
  as a landlocked country , we never really had anything against them and communists held exchange programs back in the days , so people might be used to them . 
  numbers could be about the same as in the post . 
  jews ? 
  oh boy , i 'm not sure . 
  i do n't know any . 
  i never heard anyone comment on them , other than some ww2 jokes . 
  i would say this might be about the same as nordic countries . 
  i know we really hate gypsies , but do we actually hate black people ? 
  we do n't have many black people here , so i would be interested in that . 
  as a citizen of landlocked czech republic in the internet age - feels good to finaly after all these hundreds of years be able to colonize some land . 
  i did n't mean people in this thread . 
  but generaly some people from our country are like that . 
  that 's what i meant . 
  but i usually see it on the czech part of the internet . 
  who knows . 
  maybe i 'm just imagining things . 
   if this is what i think it is i do n't mean now , i do n't mean i am ready . 
  but in case something bad happens ( reportedly putin admitted in some documentary that he was preping nukes in case things go bad ) . 
  you know ?!, 
  war and shit . 
  i did not compare '68 and 2015 . 
  i only said that many people forgot that soviet union was n't very kind to us for a very long time . 
  and now they were rooting for them . 
  and i understand , when people say that americans are also basterds . 
  but you just can not start comparing them and say that russia is overall better . 
  it is not . 
  it 's that good old fear lure again . 
  this http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/warsaw_pact_invasion_of_czechoslovakia basically we had some reforms ready , which could have loosened up the regime ( it was called socialism with a human face ) . 
  but nope , tanks and 500,000 troops from russia came unexpectedly in . 
  many people protested . 
  some were killed . 
  we surrendered . 
  after that conservative party had major word on everything . 
  there was no way to stop them until ' 89 . 
  edit : ok so to be politically correct it wa n't only russia who invaded - they were troops of the warsaw pact, 
  that 's comedy gold . 
  really . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  shieeet !, 
  that 's much worse than i expected.i knew i got that wrong , but i was too lazy to check it . 
  that reminds me of that joke that i saw on twitter : * eiffel tower - 1 year * send a guy on the moon - 3 years * hoover dam - 5 years * cheops pyramid - 10 years * blanka tunnel - hard to say, 
  damn , the worst news is that tunnel . 
  it was supposed to be the largest european city tunnel and should have been opened in 2013 , but there were so many problems with it from the beginning . 
  so much money lost ( tunneled , heh ) building it . 
  so many delays and now this . 
  it 's like that mrs columbo . 
  you keep hearing about it . 
  but you know you 'll most likely never see it . 
  exactly what i am thinking . 
  fuck this , my country is pretty close to east . 
  and i do n't like how many people in here ( my country ) almost forgot what happened back in 68 ' and are somewhat prorussian . 
  pretty much fuck this place . 
  czech republic is usually said as being cheap with a good quality . 
  i do n't know however , this is what we are told . 
  we are just that good with airplanes . 
  plus we are handsome . 
  ca n't help it . 
  and we still expanding and upgrading them . 
  feels good man . 
  nice . 
  you 'll like it . 
  yes , now you get what i am trying to say . 
  of course you will get your average `` agriculture grandma '' fearing `` the browns '' , but i do n't think we are racist in any way like that . 
  i live in prague , it 's a very free thinking city and most of my friends used to be impartial or for at least minimal help . 
  but lately nobody is happy here about this situation that seems to be getting crazier ( with the eu that seems rather distant to us and with [ a bad pr ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5iwiiq/czech_ministry_of_interior_proposed_introduce/ ) ) , so nowadays even your average czech liberal is also against immigration . 
  i am just trying to paint a picture here . 
  yes , because majority of them leave us for better . 
  and i get it . 
  and it 's not like we are saying they are not human or some stupid shit like that . 
  we just do n't want to abide by the quotas set by countries entirely different to ours on the wealth level ( czech doctor making comparable wage to that of the german mcdonald employee ) based on their emotions that we have to help everyone by accommodating them , rather then help the root cause i.e. 
  helping the border patrols . 
  the very little of the migrants we took here even if only under the medevac program ran away to the germany . 
  even if you want to provide shelter for them they still see the west europe as far more rich and very very close so they jump the ship . 
  and i honestly get it , having the option and being in their position , i would choose germany too .
