  it 's already too late for the eu , too many people living in its member states are against it . 
  the support of nationalist parties is n't just going to disappear , people who are anti-eu are n't going to just change their mind and think ` you know what , this superstate that 's taking away the sovereignty of my country is actually alright ' as more and more powers are transfered . 
  it 'll only get worse as these people 's views are consistently ignored and parties collude to make sure they are n't represented in government . 
  there was n't as far as i know , pretty sure it 's just tripe peddled since the referendum by nats in their desperate attempt to get another one that 's managed to stick . 
  this is an important point the out side should raise . 
  we 're never going to become part of a federal europe , so why are we tying ourselves to a organisation with that aim ? 
  better to leave now on our own terms and foster links worldwide than wait to be forced out and find ourselves in a worse position . 
  is that the one with the 10,000 sample ? 
  quite possibly, 
  i 'm sure we 're all devastated to not have the respect of such a mighty and influential ` nation ' as belgium . 
  how dare we want to look out for our own interests . 
  cameron is a europhile through and through and everyone who pays attention knows it , this is all just theatrics . 
  there is no situation in which he will throw his weight behind the leave campaign . 
   charter of fundamental rights either . 
  the uk opted out of being part of the charter of fundamental rights ages ago , along with poland . 
   thanks to all the countries that start to whine about sovereignty sovereignty is a pretty fundamental principle , calling people who seek to protect it ` whining ' is ridiculous . 
  he wo n't , and anyone who thinks he will is gullible to the max . 
  you 're just upset because we were smart enough not to buy into the ` european dream ' and you were n't . 
  it 's okay though , i 'm sure being trapped in an unsuitable currency and having open borders will pay off for you eventually . 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  the general populations do n't want it for a start , / r/europe is so far removed from general opinion regarding federalisation . 
  the eu could n't even pass it 's constitutional treaty , there 's absolutely no chance it 'll get the populations of the member states to vote for giving up their sovereignty to a federal european superstate . 
  not sure why you 're being downvoted , you 're entirely right . 
  the guy who made that study even came out and said it was a load of bollocks . 
   scotland of north ireland ( or wales ) - members of uk , which are likely to leave the uk to rejoin the eu again you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  any petition that gets to 100,000 sigantures has to be debated in parliament . 
  wo n't make any difference , but they 'll get a reaction at least . 
  from debates and polling it actually shows undecideds coming down on the leave side . 
  there is no status quo in this referendum due to the eu being a process towards a federal europe . 
  cameron 's demands are incredibly minor compared to what people actually want . 
  this is all just theatrics so that when the eu gives him his demands he can then come back and pretend that 's it 's some great victory . 
  people will fall for it too . 
  [ jack churchill ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jack_churchill )  lieutenant colonel john malcolm thorpe fleming `` jack '' churchill , nicknamed fighting jack churchill and mad jack , was a british soldier who fought throughout the second world war armed with a longbow , bagpipes , and a basket-hilted scottish broadsword . 
   he is known for the motto : `` any officer who goes into action without his sword is improperly dressed . '', 
  it is claimed that churchill also carried out the last recorded longbow and arrow killing in action , shooting a german nco in 1940 in a french village . 
  the only person acting like a retard in this thread so far is you . 
  what a shock to see the good folks at / r/europe once again bashing the british . 
  the sheer vitriol that comes from redditors on here is both hilarious and pathetic . 
  all because the uk might not want to be in political union with you . 
   referendum like in scotland , that way the matter could be laid to rest once and for all , or at least for the rest of the decade . 
  believe me , it wo n't settle the matter . 
  the snp are already pushing for another referendum and it 's only been a year since the last . 
  growing . 
  none . 
  they generally seem to despise us going from what they say on here . 
   but a 16-year old can be expected to have an understanding of what the eu is and how it affects him no they ca n't . 
  we do have a constitution . 
  you call brits xenophobic , yet then go on a rant stereotyping asians and muslims ... 
  past guilt makes them unwilling to appear nasty . 
  agreed . 
  dream on . 
  they have an opt-out on quotas and schengen , they do n't have an opt-out on free movement . 
  the bbc is supposed to be unbiased as it 's a public service broadcaster funded by the taxpayer . 
  the telegraph does n't have to be , and does n't pretend to be , unbiased , so i do n't know why you 're trying to ignore the issue by attacking the telegraph . 
   i guess they were n't claiming bias when the bbc refused to report on the story about cameron and the pig ? 
  the bbc did report on the allegations made in the book , including the pig one , they just did n't come out and write a headline saying ` pm allegedly fucked a pig ' as you 'd expect from an impartial and professional public service broadcaster . 
  you 're not even aware of what the discussion is about . 
  there 's no cap for international student fees like there are for domestic students . 
  whereas a uk citizen could go to birmingham for # 9,000 a year , for example , an international student [ could pay as much as # 31,000 depending on the course . 
  ] ( http://www.birmingham.ac.uk/international/students/finance/fees.aspx ), 
  you really do n't have a clue . 
   you did the same witvh romania and bulgaria . 
  how it 'll be a huge invasion . 
  nothing happened . 
  [ there was a dramatic increase in the number of national insurance numbers issued to romanians and bulgarians after the restrictions were lifted ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/11456944/immigration-576-rise-in-poorest-europeans-registering-for-work.html ), 
  uk university education is among the best and most respected in the world , if people from other countries want to pay the fees for it then that 's their decision . 
  there are plenty of free education providers they can go to . 
  there was a poll out the other day that had the snp on a greater uk-wide vote share than the lib dems , despite the snp only standing candidates in scotland . 
  i imagine the days that people think of the lib dems as a ` mainstream ' party are coming to a swift end . 
  the tories have desperately been trying to curb non-eu migration to the point that it 's next to impossible to get a visa . 
  the non-eu migration figures are hugely inflated because they also include international students , who nobody is against since we milk them of money completely before sending them back home once their studies are finished . 
  that 's because there 's nothing that can be done while a member of the eu , and all the mainstream parties are pro-eu . 
  we have net migration of over 330,000 people ; that 's more people than the population of cardiff being added to the already huge pressure on housing , schooling , the nhs , public services etc every year . 
  i 'd say that 's a significant amount of people coming to the uk . 
  nearly a quarter of the population having no qualifications seems frighteningly high . 
   why the fuck did these countries join the eu if they want a trade union ? 
  in the uk at least the 1975 referendum was on a ` common market ' not a political project to create a european superstate , which is what it has become without the consent of the people since . 
   rome , when barbarians trashed biggest empire the world has ever seen . 
  ahem . 
  no , it 's what you get for your idiotic immigration policies . 
  nobody can force you to take in these refugees , it 's your government 's decision . 
   part of that condition was the right of eu-citicens to take part in referendums . 
  wrong . 
  it 's what they get for their idiotic immigration policies . 
  god forbid a country act in its own national interest . 
  it 's sad that the eu has managed to hijack the idea of europe with its political project . 
  here in the uk the in campaign for our referendum never uses the term eu , but always ` europe ' . 
  we must do something to close this disgusting gender pay gap . 
  oh look , another romanian trying to tell other people their countries are insigificant . 
  cute . 
  you 'll thank us later . 
  not ** some ** content , a study showed it had 94 % of the content , i believe . 
  it 's always hilarious to see the little tantrums people throw in these topics just because the uk does n't want to be in a political union with them . 
  absolutely pathetic . 
  * the european union, 
  considering you 've not presented any kind of argument yourself i would n't act all high and mighty if i were you . 
  you risk embarrassing yourself . 
  the only idiocy i can see is coming from you . 
  let 's not pretend there are n't perfectly valid reasons for leaving the eu . 
  you realise that about 50 % of the population are anti-eu , right ?
