   what would remain of europe ? 
  france and germany only ? 
  i loathe the insinuation that if you do n't follow the eu narrative towards federalism then you 're somehow not a proper part of europe . 
  europe is bigger than the european union/eurozone , and the two are n't necessary in order to cooperate , be good neighbours , and play a role on the continent . 
  i noticed it with the referendum coverage too in the comments of some leaders : ' a no vote would be greece turning their back on europe ' etc , as if just because greeks are n't happy to continue with austerity and refuse to go along with the eu 's vision they wo n't be part of europe and should be treated as pariahs . 
  same with some people 's attitude to the uk wanting a referendum ; some seem to think that not wanting to be in political union means an outright rejection of the whole continent and some huge insult . 
  do explain it to me . 
  edit : still waiting, 
  like i said , focus your efforts into improving your own country rather than wishing poverty onto others . 
  i do n't consider many greeks to be living the high life right now . 
  maybe you should look to improve your own country rather than trying to bring others down to your level . 
  every single time a country does n't go along with the eu narrative some people on here always throw a bitch fit . 
  it 's hilarious . 
  greece is fed up with crippling austerity ?!, 
  let them all hit rock bottom !, 
  the uk wants to have a referendum on eu membership ?!, 
  lets just kick them out and hit them with punitive tariffs !, 
  etc it 's quite often romanians doing it too , i 've noticed . 
  i feel like i know exactly how this thread is going to go ... 
  they 're all going to look silly when greece votes no and they have to backtrack on all their scaremongering . 
  tweets do n't mean much . 
  if twitter was anything to go by on election day , we 'd have had a labour/green coalition government instead of a tory majority . 
  diane ` white people love to play divide and rule ' abbott . 
  horrible , horrible woman . 
  we 're number 1 !, 
  we 're number 1 !, 
  ` yes ' and ` no ', 
  if a new government is elected after a yes vote , of course they will . 
  seem to recall hms bulwark being sent there to help out with the crisis . 
  if he wants to take people in so much then he 's perfectly welcome to house , clothe , feed , educate , and provide healthcare and services for them out of his own pocket . 
   europe will not budge , it 's the strongest entity on the planet . 
  erm ... 
  is n't that just due to their larger population in general ? 
  if you say so . 
  you could n't even ratify the constitutional treaty , good luck getting the public of 26 individual countries ( excluding uk/greece ) to ratify surrendering tax powers , military capability etc, 
  it was never going to happen anyway , contrary to what you might believe if you browse / r/europe and see the ten threads a month on the topic . 
   peace the eu seeking to expand into ukraine sure has done wonders for peace . 
   free movement the principle that 's leading to so many problems in so many countries ? 
  i 'm sure eastern europe loves brain drain , and the uk certainly does n't like net migration of 300,000 people a year . 
   economical prosperity greece , italy , spain , portugal ... such economical prosperity . 
  the beginning of the collapse of the eu and the elite 's european dream . 
  * one of the few countries that are actually net contributors to the eu * one of two eu countries who have a military of any significance * biggest export market for eu countries * hundreds of thousands of eu citizens flock to the uk every year as it has a booming economy and massive job creation compared to the eurozone countries good luck with your crumbling european dream without the uk 's support . 
  is he going to give a classic dave.c ` cast-iron guarantee ' of treaty change ? 
  go on then , explain your comment . 
  you mean it 's been sensible . 
  if you say so , champ . 
  we are n't obligated to share the burden of every problem an eu country faces . 
  why ? 
  because they are n't in favour of mass immigration ? 
  ukip 's biggest gains were in labour-held seats in the election . 
  they 're adopting more and more left wing attitudes in order to draw labour voters . 
  here come the attempts to paint out-supporters as terrible people . 
  i 'll be campaigning for the out-vote and i can confirm i wo n't be accepting a penny of vladimir putin 's money . 
  i can also confirm that just because we do n't want to be in a political union with the rest of europe , that does n't mean we do n't want to co-operate with our neighbours and be on friendly terms . 
  the idea that it 'd ` weaken ' europe is ridiculous . 
  ca n't wait for the racist xenophobic little englanders to come in here and pretend that this is n't a great thing / s seriously , this is n't sustainable and there 's nothing we can do about it while we 're members of the european union . 
  the uk can do what it likes , who 's going to stop it ? 
  nah man , everyone who 's against eu membership is a terrible person . 
  we 'll ignore the fact that two of the ` in ' campaign 's biggest advocates are the war criminal tony blair and the media mogul rupert murdoch . 
  one poll , and an outlier at that . 
  i think we will vote to stay in , but it 'll be much closer than this suggests . 
  what the fuck, 
  he 's very welcome to house , feed , provide services for , and be culturally enriched by them in vatican city . 
  your banter levels are impressive for a yank . 
  what you 've said was just as bigoted as you claim him to be . 
  fearing for my life every time i got into a taxi in brussels . 
  the driving there is insane . 
  police carrying guns everywhere as well . 
  it always baffled me how one could want independence , yet be a member of the eu . 
  not too smart , are you ? 
  you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  it was sold to the british as a common market , not a federal super state with an army , a uniform foreign policy , power over taxation etc. 
  it 's hilarious how many people from other countries throw a tantrum just because a country does n't want to be in political union with them . 
  it 's not like we hate other countries , we just do n't think we should members of the eu . 
  literally nobody in britain still clings to the idea f having an empire . 
  if anything , it 's the pro-eu people that are generally after an empire . 
  voting to leave means they 'll exit the eu , and have to re-apply . 
  scotland just voted to stay a part of the uk , and that means being bound by uk-wide referenda . 
  nicola ` we 're not looking to have a second independence referendum , stop saying we are ' sturgeon . 
  you say that like it 's a bad thing . 
  too bad for you if your country is incapable of negotiating a better position . 
  the vast majority of people want change when it comes to out relationship with the eu , and the majority of the uk elected a tory government promising to change that relationship and hold a referendum on membership . 
  how is delivering on what the majority of people want tarnishing the tories ? 
  stay jealous . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/mar/08/jean-claude-juncker-calls-for-eu-army-european-commission-miltary http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/eu/11630468/france-and-germany-behind-plans-for-common-eu-corporation-tax.html, 
   their cooperation is vital there 's cooperation , and then there 's being in a political union that makes your laws for you , sets your taxes for you , creates an army for you etc. 
  the eu is not the only means of cooperating with our friends in europe . 
   obviously nigel farage should not play a major role in the no campaign or it will lose . 
  i agree with this . 
  obviously he 's an excellent orator on the eu issue , but he 's too toxic to take the lead in the campaign . 
   africa is essentially europe 's problem no , i 'd say africa is africa 's problem . 
  his party won 4million votes , the third highest vote share . 
  it was fptp and tactical voting to prevent a labour/snp government that screwed ukip over , not their arguments which a significant portion of the uk public clearly agree with . 
  ukip are in a very good position for the next general election given the number of second places they won , and they massively increased their vote share compared to the last election . 
  they were far from the losers in the general election . 
  that term belongs to labour and the lib dems . 
  no , and i say that as someone who would vote to leave . 
  let me begin this by saying that cameron is pro-eu ( he 's even on record saying he 'd campaign to stay in without any repatriation of powers ) , as are the tories as a party by and large . 
  the tories have a vocal minority of euroceptics , and a significant portion of tory voters are anti-eu . 
  hence the referendum .
