i 'm sure is are terrified now ... 
  oh please , all you ever do is get all upset and lash out at the uk . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen one of your posts where you are n't aggressive towards the uk . 
  did churchill rape your grandmother or something ? 
  we do n't ` owe ' the eu anything . 
  the eu is privileged to have the uk ( a net contributor ) as a part of it . 
  if it 's going to pull crap like penalising us for not paying stupidly excessive amounts at short notice then it can swivel . 
  ah yes , the eu , the bastion of democracy . 
  he was hit by a car once too . 
  nice to see the eu bringing in a tax for not having a shit economy . 
  thankfully this should knock the level of support for the eu in the uk back down . 
  clegg made me laugh out loud in those debates . 
  he 'd accuse farage of scaremongering , and then go on to tell everyone they 'd lose their job if we left . 
  this . 
  parliament acts 1911/1949 allows the commons to force through legislation . 
  lol , good luck trying to force people to learn languages they do n't want to , and do n't need . 
  i laughed , nice one . 
  that 's a lot of cu m, 
  let 's hope so ... 
  this was an excellent post . 
  damnit finland , so close !, 
  not at all , but do continue with the stereotyping . 
  the us wants us to stay in the eu for starters . 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  he 's acting like an 8 year old . 
   we wo n't give up any more sovereignty either though then we 'll be leaving . 
  there 's no choice . 
  because leaving the eu means the uk will magically drift away into another continent ... 
  always makes me laugh seeing people throw a tantrum because a country does n't want to be in political union with them . 
  it 's so pathetic . 
  just like how us not being in the euro ruined our economy ... oh wait . 
  but oh no , we 'll lose out on all those trade benefits the eu brings ... oh wait : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-27284489 all the scaremongering is just laughable . 
  sounds about right . 
  we should just leave already , it 'll be best for everyone . 
  you only have to look at his posting history to see where he 's migrated to reddit from . 
  i just laugh at the people on here that always bring it up to insult britons . 
  so pathetic . 
  there is absolutely no chance in hell of the uk voting for membership of the eurozone . 
  ca n't wait for this eu membership referendum . 
  they do n't , our politicians just refuse to give us a referendum on membership . 
  its got to be the bloody belgians ... 
   european nation, 
  i can assure you that it can , and most likely will when a referendum comes round . 
  as a law student , this is encouraging . 
  always makes me laugh seeing people from other countries criticising britain for acting in it 's own interests . 
  britain does n't want to be part of a federal united states of europe , why would it support a candidate that is pro-federalisation/more integration ? 
  considering people always say that britain should stay in the eu to use its influence to change it rather than just leave , it 's quite laughable to see people throwing a tantrum when they do just that . 
  a promise of a referendum in a few years from a party of known liars is n't going to increase their support . 
  he 's one of ` those ' who thinks his way of thinking is the only right way , and that if you disagree then you 're an idiot . 
  ingland on tour , do you really want some more ? 
  so arrogant . 
  how is that relevant ? 
  summed it up perfectly . 
  it 's pathetic really . 
  it 's never going to happen , so i do n't know why people are so obsessed with the idea . 
  to do it you would need the vast majority of people in each member state to be in favour of it , and have it approved by referenda and national parliaments . 
  not going to happen . 
  ukip will win here in the uk . 
  that 's a given . 
  they 'll win the eu elections and get a few seats in the 2015 general election . 
  there was a poll out the other day showing they were polling highest in the constituency of eastleigh in terms of voting intention for the general election . 
  ukip are extreme right ? 
  okay then ... 
  so what happens to the people that filled the jobs these drones will replace ? 
  i have to say i could n't help but laugh when clegg accused farage of scaremongering , then told us all we 'd lose our jobs if we left the eu . 
  not in britain . 
  it was a complete massacre . 
  clegg did n't answer any of the questions and instead tried to slander farage , and failed . 
  you colonials are more than welcome to come back into the fold though . 
  typical welshman , always trying to change facts so that wales can be involved . 
  i think you should calm down and not get so upset . 
  this is why i 'm so looking forward to the farage v clegg debate . 
  the lib dems are enthusiasts for a federal europe . 
  all farage has to do is point that out and it 's bye-bye lib dems . 
  a recent poll in the uk has ukip leading on 30 % , with labour behind them . 
  maybe it 's my own ears failing me , but for some reason every other foreign student at my university ( uk ) seems to speak english with an american accent . 
  guess it 's inevitable given america 's dominance in media/television/film etc. 
  dismantle itself . 
  i find it amusing that all the other nationalities on this sub have a better grasp of the english language than you do . 
  yeah , fuck them for not subscribing to your opinions . 
  welcome to the eu . 
  bloody irish , so much angst . 
  i think it 's pretty obvious that they will win big in certain countries . 
  anybody that thinks farage is a racist is ignorant to the extreme . 
  read his book rather than getting your perception of him from your state media . 
  yep , the uk is definitely racist for wanting to be able to control who can settle in the country ( like most countries in the world do ) and stopping people from claiming benefits before they 've contributed to the pot . 
  vile racists . 
  awful idea , baffles me how people can be in favour of this . 
  what a ridiculous statement . 
  damn right , big dave.c finally got on the blower and told that pussy putin we 'd come over and fuck them up if they did n't release out nationals . 
  being the massive pussy he is , putin obliged immediately and apologised profusely for his mistake . 
  then dave made him apologise for being a pussy . 
  you say that , but while they are two distinct and separate things , there 's no chance in hell of the eu allowing a member state to leave the echr and remain a part of the union . 
  crazy socialists, 
  nothing xenophobic about not wanting our unskilled labour market swamped . 
  oh no , not the bulgarians !, 
  however will we cope now we 've angered them ... 
  except you will . 
  and we 'll stash them away on the clyde just to piss you off even more . 
  silly scottish nationalists , thinking they 'll actually win this independence nonsense .
