  ha , imagine a romanian trying to tell the uk they are n't important . 
  such delicious irony . 
  i think it 's about time we send some spanish ships to the sea floor to add to our artificial reef . 
  it 's the university of westminster , you should n't think about enrolling there anyway . 
   we 'll join you in a few years time . 
  delusional . 
  now we do n't have a united europe . 
   it is regressive nonsense term that means absolutely nothing . 
   diminishes our standing and power globally no it does n't . 
  we 're the fifth biggest economy , the fifth biggest milotary power , the heaviest hitter on the planet when it comes to soft power , a member of the g8 and g20 , permanent unsc member , member of nato etc. 
  we 'll be just fine . 
   upsets trade and business no it wo n't , trade will carry on regardless of whether we 're in a political union with europe . 
  leaving present the opportunity to create our own trade deals across the world to suit ourselves , rather than having to rely on the eu to negotiate them so that they beneift 28 different countries with different economies . 
  iceland , a country of 300,000 people , have a free trade deal with china . 
  again , we 'll be just fine . 
   damages our relationship with our closest allies and trade partners for short term conservative goals . 
  there is no ` damage to relationships ' by exiting political union , we 'd still trade and work together with europe . 
  if anything they 'd be grateful that they now do n't have such an obviously large obstacle in the way of creating a federal europe . 
  as for the ` conservative goals ' nonsense , euroscepticism is n't a conservative or right wing cause . 
  traditionally it 's been the left wing that were the most eurosceptic ( benn , foot etc ) . 
  let 's not pretend leaving the eu is idiotic , it has plenty of merits . 
  it 's not just ukip who recognise it 's crazy though , is it ? 
  the vast majority of the country recognise that the euro is a disaster and that we were right to stay away from it , and that joining schengen would be a bad idea . 
  what fraction of british people are in poland , compared to the number of polish people in britain ? 
  what 's democratic about this ? 
  when will the people of the nation states get to vote on whether to accept these migrants or not ? 
  when will their national parliaments get to vote ? 
  welcome to the eu . 
  why would we want to remain ? 
  clegg should just keep quiet if he wants to help the remain side . 
  he debated farage last year in the run up to the european elections and farage wiped the floor with him twice . 
  one third of clegg 's own party thought farage destroyed him . 
  as someone who wants a brexit i could n't be happier that the poster boys of the pro-eu side so far are blair and clegg . 
  sounds like you 're a bunch of crybabies who ca n't stand people having opposing views . 
  bit pathetic really . 
  one image that happens to have a couple of women and a child in it is not indicitive of all of these ` refugees ' as a whole . 
  eurostat says 80 % of them are men . 
  bit of an overreaction to his comment , do n't you think ? 
  i do n't understand why someone would be ` terrified ' of a brexit . 
  anti-nato , wants us to unilaterally give up our nuclear deterrent , in favour of handing over our territory ( falklands ) , chummy with terrorist organisations , pro-open borders so we ca n't vet anyone entering the country ... 
  he 's not wrong , whatever you might think of cameron . 
   correct me if i 'm wrong , but r/europe is , by and large , intended as a sub that is in favor of the european project no , / r/europe is for europeans of all kinds . 
  i know some people on here seem to have a lot of difficulty grasping the idea that europe = / = the european union , but that does n't mean the sub should be set up to accommodate their warped worldview . 
  come on ... join the dark side . 
  ` binding quotas ' is going to go down * really * well . 
  is he wrong ? 
  the user , not nick griffin i mean . 
   greek economic crisis it is n't any of our business . 
  we 're not part of the eurozone . 
  did n't stop the eu trying to use our money to bail out greece , though . 
  what moral failure ? 
  the uk has contributed more in aid to syria than the rest of europe ** combined ** . 
  and we 're taking asylum seekers in from the camps in syria instead of encouraging more people to risk their lives crossing the med . 
  the eu can fuck off with its ` moral failure ' crap . 
  people get so stupid whenever the topic of the uk exiting the eu comes up . 
  i mean honestly , what the fuck are spain and the eu going to do about gibraltar ? 
  that 's never going to happen . 
  if germany wants to welcome in these migrants with open arms then that 's their problem . 
  they can also deal with the hundreds of thousands more who are now encouraged to come as well . 
  enjoy your crumbling ` union ' . 
  i think if a lot of people sat down for an afternoon on youtube and watched interviews with farage and footage from the public meetings he 's always holding then they 'd be surprised by how much sense he talks and that he is n't the monster the media and other politicians paint him to be . 
  that 's not how it works , champ . 
  time to get away from this insanity and start to build a brighter future as a fully sovereign country . 
  they might have their issues but they 've been right about a lot , and for a long time . 
  he 's almost certainly won the leadership , but he 'll get annihilated in a general election . 
  i do n't think i 've once seen people criticising eastern europeans for the migrant crisis ? 
  are you listening , scots ? 
  i do n't even know where to begin dismantling that mess of a post ... 
  oh look , it 's this thread again . 
  ah my mistake , the article says :  it is not expected that the uk will allow the number to be as high as tens of thousands . 
  i must 've misread it as cameron saying we wo n't take in tens of thousands . 
  i 'd say the statement is accurate though , cameron 's already facing a massive backlash over immigration figures . 
  yeah i 'm glad cameron has said the number wo n't enter the tens of thousands . 
  we can and should help but we 're not going to ruin our own country in doing so , we already have net migration of 330,000 people a year . 
  this is the right way to do it , taking in those genuine asylum seekers in the camps in syria rather than taking in illegal economic migrants and encouraging more to come . 
  how about no ? 
  the uk is going to leave the eu in the future anyway , we simply are n't in favour of the federalism route that the eu is pushing . 
  this referendum is just an opportunity to leave earlier . 
  edit : downvote all you like , does n't change reality . 
  the scots could only leave with the approval of westminster , which i think is highly unlikely even if we do leave the eu . 
  you just had a referendum knowing that we would be having an eu referendum soon after and you voted to stay . 
  it benefits the leaving side only because it removes any advantage of the remain side having the ` yes ' vote . 
  ` yes ' is considered a more positive message . 
  the new question is neutral and does n't give an advantage to either side . 
  london met . 
  not wanting to be part of a federal superstate in which we have very little say does not mean we do n't give a fuck about europe . 
  redditors of / r/europe seem to have a big problem distinguishing between the eu and europe . 
  that would be because the uk does n't want a closer union . 
  still does n't make any sense . 
  because those who do use free movement are in a huge minority , and those who do n't and stay in the uk have to deal with the consequences of mass immigration . 
  you might enjoy being able to travel and work in europe , but for a poor unskilled person who now has to compete with immigrants who are willing to work for less his life has only gotten worse . 
  while i agree big business loves the fact that they have a basically unlimited supply of cheap labour , i disagree that cameron does n't want to open the floodgates . 
  he 's entirely indifferent to it , else he 'd be pushing for an end to free movement in his renegotiations . 
  net migration into the uk has increased since he unleashed his rhetoric about cracking down on immigration , he 's completely impotent to do anything about it and is unwilling to change that . 
  do n't click it if you do n't want to see it . 
  pretty simple really . 
  no it is not . 
  i forgot it 's europe 's fault immigrants are jumping into overcrowded dinghys and attempting to sail across the sea . 
  i mean it 's not like they 're sending out rescue ships to save them from drowning , right ? 
  vote for what you think will happen in the poll , then comment saying why i suppose .
