  and that euroscepticism is n't confined to ukip supporters ? 
  or do you just not have a clue what you 're talking about ? 
  leaving the eu would have absolutely zero impact on the uk 's human rights laws , so good job showing you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  what damage would that be then ? 
  let 's not pretend there wo n't be free trade because we both know there will be . 
  the in campaign has blair , mandleson , and clegg so i would n't be very smug if i were you . 
  exactly , we 're a net contributor . 
  why people try and pretend we recieve generous funding from the eu i 've no idea . 
  i agree with you . 
  i dread a situation where ukip is seen as the face of the leave side because they 're simply too divisive to win over the numbers needed to win the referendum . 
  they have their role to play of course with farage touring the country with all these public meetings , and the activists are there for delivering leaflets etc , but there needs to be a credible face heading the campaign and farage and aaron banks are n't it . 
  this , it 's just rubbish spouted by scottish nationalists as an excuse to push for another independence referendum . 
   seriously though , the uk have been whining because they want to keep being a special snowflake since the start . 
  more like we are n't about to destroy our country and it 's interests in the pursuit of idealistic nonsense that anyone with a brain knows is n't going to work . 
  enjoy your euro , open borders , and being told what you can and ca n't do by germany . 
  i 'm sure an upvote/downvote poll on a massively pro-eu sub that also includes the votes of people from every other country that visit this sub will be very representitive of the actual result . 
  nah , we 'll do what we like ta . 
  suck it , france . 
  we 're not willing to put aside our wishes every time the snp decide they do n't like something . 
  especially when they try and make everything into a reason to call for another independence referendum . 
  because net migration is currently a massive 330,000 + and our infrastructure ca n't handle adding a city the size of cardiff to the population year-on-year . 
  a net gain of 100,000 is more manageable . 
  these days . 
  back when he first ran for the leadership they were all fawning over him , lashing out at anyone who pointed out he 'd be a massive liability . 
  they 're not now , back when the first leadership campaign was going they were all corbyn fanboys . 
  i remember being told countless times that i was merely terrified at the prospect of a truly left-wing labour party when i pointed out how much of a liability he would be . 
  it 's absolutely pathetic . 
  for entertainment . 
  ' ... by morons ', 
  he 's recovering in hospital . 
  he 's issued a statement saying a ct scan has shown he does n't have bleeding on the brain . 
  he 's supposedly making a recovery now after being in critical condition . 
  frightening stuff , hookem needs to be behind bars . 
  we had a referendum with high turnout , abiding by the majority result is sort of how they work . 
  opens up the chance for woolfe to run again and get the leadership . 
  he 'd be a far more effective leader than james , ukip scored lots of second places in the labour heartlands in the north and woolfe is the ideal candidate to mop up those working class votes now that corbyn is running labour in the ground : mixed race , council estate kid from moss side ( a rough inner city area in manchester ) who went on to become a barrister against all odds . 
  ` it 's 2016 , how can someone possibly have a different opinion to me on this incredibly complex moral issue ?!, 
  what are you , from last century or something ?! ', 
  rightly so . 
  they voted to remain in the uk , and that includes being bound by uk-wide referenda . 
  the idea that the result the majority of the uk voted for should be blocked because 62 % of ~ 8 % of the uk 's population voted against it is absurd . 
  if the uk were cowardly it would n't have voted to leave in the face of the establishment trying so hard to scare them into not doing so . 
  this is nice . 
  because he 's a remain supporter . 
  they wanted , and voted to hold , the referendum . 
  saying it with glee , as well . 
  yeah but it 's racist . 
  we must suffer for having the audacity to not want to be a member of the club . 
  it 's since he decided to start getting involved in politics . 
  he was on question time alongside farage during the referendum campaign and made an utter fool of himself , it 's probably on youtube if you 're interested . 
  he kept screaming the most retarded lines like `` you have a foreign sounding name , how can you be in favour of leaving the eu ?! '', 
  as if they were serious killer points , and just shouted over every other member of the panel whenever it was their time to talk . 
  even the audience were booing him and telling him to shut up . 
  you 'd have to be completely delusional to think labour are winning the next general election . 
  they 're an absolute mess , and once corbyn win this leadership challenge they 'll get even worse . 
   plus , we are talking about the uk conservative party here ( stable-mates of us republicans ) utter nonsense . 
  the uk can do whatever it wants when it leaves the eu . 
  if other countries want to do the same for uk migrants in return that 's fine , but you ca n't stop the uk doing it . 
   and that the government is slowly backing out of leaving . 
  no it is n't . 
  the self loathing is strong in certain circles . 
  i agree , the only time it 's ever brought up is when someone from outside the uk brings it up in an attempt to insult brits . 
  believe it or not , the eu = / = europe . 
  just one of many reasons why he 's a liability for the labour party and completely unfit to hold the office of pm . 
  she has to say this , it would undermine the entire idea of having a nuclear deterrent otherwise . 
   and will be delivered quicker as well no chance . 
  getting 27 countries trying to protect and promote their individual interests to agree to the trade deal will take far longer than two countries agreeing . 
  edit : why do you consistently delete your comments every time someone calls you out on the rubbish you come out with ? 
  you know what will send the scottish economy down the drain ? 
  independence . 
  nobody forces them to come to the uk to study . 
   europe is more than a trade agreement that 's the issue . 
  if it was n't then we 'd have voted to stay in . 
  boris , theresa may , or gove i imagine, 
  he 's staying as pm until october . 
  he 'll leave negotiations and article 50 for his successor . 
  farage was never part of the vote leave campaign , he never used the 350 million argument . 
  desperate stuff from disappointed remainers . 
  note how it 's only the remain camp pushing this idea in order to scaremonger . 
  the leave camp have always said anyone already here would have their rights respected . 
  what 's hilarious is that its the home office scaremongering on this , despite the choice whether to deport them or not being solely within their control ; they 'd only be deported if they themselves decided to make that decision . 
  how pathetic must you be to actively wish harm on your own country simply for voting the opposite way to you . 
   ( and yes i saw you c+p ed the whole thing into this thread ) . 
  then who cares about the paywall ? 
  i ca n't handle all this winning !, 
  more than voted remain , and that 's all that matters . 
  she 's been saying this about everything the government does . 
  nobody cares , either call one ( and lose again ) or shut up . 
  oh look , more good news . 
  we did ? 
  slow and steady wins the race . 
  she 's giving a big speech on tuesday , and article 50 is scheduled to be invoked by the end of march . 
  uk sovereignty over gibraltar is n't even up for debate , lol at spain thinking it is . 
  until uk citizens in the eu have their rights guaranteed then it 's only sensible for the uk government to wait to guarantee eu citizens ' rights in return . 
  it 's not like the uk government has n't tried to strike a deal already . 
   eurozone i do n't think this means what you think it means . 
  it 's a ridiculous , unworkable idea anyway , the only reason sturgeon floated it was to have something else to blame westminster for when it was rejected by may in order to help fuel her second referendum push . 
  looks like that one 's backfired . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/betteridge%27s_law_of_headlines ), 
   in the meantime , those trying to ** illegally enter ** are being deported and living in camps trying to get into the uk .
