  what a terrible thread . 
  the uk was never in the euro . 
  you can hate a fascist ideology yet still hold fascistic views yourself . 
  you can be islamophobic , yet still be a fascist . 
  you 're the one who has no idea what he 's talking about . 
  how old are you ? 
  your posts and ideas read like a teenager who 's just discovered politics . 
  do tell how our economy will suddenly crumble if we are n't in a political union with europe . 
  and do n't give me some tripe about how the eu will ` punish ' britain like a child throwing its toys out of its pram , the uk is the eu 's biggest export market . 
  it 's blatantly obvious there 'd be a free trade deal put in place . 
  if mexico can neogitate one then the uk certainly can . 
  we 're the fifth biggest economy on the planet , we do n't need a political union to have a successful economy . 
  it might be true of the small insignificant eu countries , but it is n't true of the uk , france , germany etc. 
  beats coronation street . 
  they do regularly , the problem is people see straight through it . 
  sounds like the labour leadership election going on now in the uk tbh . 
  i think people get more annoyed with the constant preaching and guilt-tripping by posters and authors of articles posted who tell them they 're terrible people for not wanting their country to be taking in tens , or hundreds , of thousands of unskilled immigrants with a different culture to their own . 
  to use the uk as an example since you mentioned brits , why would we want to accept the calais migrants when they 've proven through their attempts to enter the country illegally that they have no respect for the law ? 
  we already have net immigration of over 300,000 people a year due to eu free movement and our infrastructure ca n't cope with that , why we would want to add to the problem by accepting a load of third world immigrants who do n't have the skills we need and are clearly just interested in economic gains through our benefits system , rather than being in genuine need of asylum ? 
  if they were in genuine need of asylum then they 'd have claimed in france or one of the other countries they 've passed through to get to calais . 
  it 's not racism , it 's just a refusal to be guilt tripped and emotionally blackmailed . 
  you and millions others , i imagine . 
  it 'd get us out of the eu at least . 
  welcome to the eu , where a country 's sovereignty does n't matter because the goal is ending it anyway . 
  the ` the nhs needs a new ward , not an alternative voting system ' type campaign material the tories knocked out seemed to be pretty effective in the av referendum so the stuff about spending the # 50 million a day membership fee on the nhs/policing instead might land with some people . 
  someone 's tired of people beheading , indoctrinating , and blowing up innocent people . 
  so unwarranted !, 
  nah you 're alright , kid . 
  or they all get deported and millions more are n't encouraged to enter europe illegally . 
  [ this is the author of the article , just so you know how much of a laughing stock she is ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oj9da6e3fjw ), 
  this is a one of the no campaign 's arguments . 
  we have an immigration system that prioritises an unskilled romanian over a skillled non-eu national . 
  it 's a ridiculous situation . 
  if even half the stuff i hear about sweden is true then this does n't surprise me one bit . 
  they made a bit of a fuss at the time , but it 's been obvious from the start that it 's never intended to be a fair referendum so they 're just making the most of it . 
  one of the out campaigns is launching in september and has called called itself ` the know ' with the tagline ' a britain in the know will vote no ' , in other words saying that if you actually understood the eu and the arguments then you 'd vote no . 
  love the fact you 've been downvoted . 
  i know redditors of / r/europe would like to see the uk punished for having the audacity to not want to be in a political union with you , but grown ups are in charge and there 's almost certainly going to be a deal done to maintain residence for eu citizens already in the uk , and uk citizens already in other eu member states . 
  even ukip want that . 
  there 's exactly 0 % chance of the uk joining schengen . 
  a decent 3 bedroom house in a nice area . 
  shut up , yank . 
  i like juncker , despite being a eurosceptic . 
  he 's an actual human being with a sense of humour , rather than the typical bland grey suited bureaucrat . 
   strongly dislike david cameron why ? 
  i 'm hardly a fan , just interested to hear your reasoning . 
   by the way the money used on something like 280,000 projects every year is watched very closely . 
  there is less thn 1 % fraud . 
  says the eu , which has n't had its books audited in 18 years . 
  truth my arse . 
  i 'd like to see someone try and defend this . 
  it 's blatant . 
  [ ukip mep has gun pulled on him during fact-finding visit to dunkirk camp ] ( http://www.sunnation.co.uk/ukip-mep-threatened-at-gunpoint-by-migrant-at-dunkirk-camp/ ), 
  dead and buried , with everyone much happier for it . 
  do n't let a little thing like the date of an article get in the way of an opportunity to bash the uk . 
  i 'm sure inconveniencing the population will do wonders for people 's perception of them . 
  the european union . 
  united kingdom independence party . 
  one is a defenceless animal hunted for sport , the others are economic migrants safe in france who are breaking the law in attempting to emmigrate illegally into another country . 
  my god you 're dense . 
  you will be shocked , but europe = / = the eu . 
  what is it with americans thinking they 're rambo ? 
  you wo n't be stopping an automatic weapon wielding maniac with your handgun , champ . 
  i 'm afraid that scenario will have to stay firmly in your dreams . 
   if we want to federalize and become one nation , we 'll have to stop thinking of other eu members as foreign which is never going to happen . 
  in scotland tuition fees are free to all eu nationals that are n't english . 
  you wo n't be entitled to maintenance loans/grants however . 
  you 've been downvoted for suggesting we do n't need the input of the president of the us when making decisions as a country . 
  unbelievable . 
  nothing wrong with thumbing in a softie, 
  opposing the eu does n't make someone ` far-right ' . 
  because it is n't and he 's talking out of his arse . 
  nah , you 're alright . 
  anybody with sense knew it was n't going to happen anyway . 
  despite what the ten threads a month on here discussing the idea and the dozens of redditors getting hard-ons over how much of a big powerful superpower they 'd be might suggest , there 's zero chance of getting the countries of europe to agree to surrendering their sovereignty to the extent required to form a federation . 
  that should have been obvious when you could n't even get the constitutional treaty passed . 
  i do n't think you understood why he was saying this is not democratic . 
  are you saying we should not try and exert our influence across the world because an afghan wants to emigrate here ? 
  if greece goes back to the drachma and gets itself in order and things start looking a bit mroe positive , would there be much desire to return to the euro given everything that 's happened ? 
  so wait , the greek government have come up with a plan with 13bn of austerity , despite this whole crisis arising because they rejected austerity ? 
  i am confuse . 
  i ca n't even begin to explain how wrong your are about everything . 
  more like `` we have no problem with multiculturalism as long as everyone coming here respects and abides by the law and british values , does n't segregate themselves and form what are effectively ghettos , does n't engage in barbaric and disgusting cultural practices like fgm , speaks english , and does n't participate in child grooming gangs '' . 
  but no you 're right , the people who think multiculturalism is n't working are probably just stupid racists . 
  just because one group causes problems , that does n't mean others do n't too . 
  those sneaky bastards !, 
  the uk media were having a field day the other week when schulz came out with that comment about the uk ` belonging ' to the eu . 
  he 's a gift to the no campaign . 
  you are delusional . 
  since you 're clearly too dense to get the point , i 'll spell it out for you . 
  if the british population vote to leave then it 's only right that they do leave . 
  the european union creates laws for the uk only by the democratic consent of the uk parliament and its people . 
  the uk is a soverign country with the right to self-determination . 
  the european union refusing to let the uk leave despite the british population voting to leave is not democracy . 
  this is the face of eu fanatacism . 
  to hell with democracy , we ca n't let our european dream die !, 
  the uk is n't part of the euro though , it leaving the eu will only impact the world economy if the eu then refuses to set up a free trade deal , which of course it wo n't do with it 's biggest export market . 
  britain is n't greece , and everybody knows it . 
  if greece fairs badly after a grexit then people wo n't see that as indicative of how britain , the sixth largest economy and the financial capital of the world , will fair . 
  also the eurosceptics have been warning about the euro for years , this is their arguments being vindicated .
