  everybody is talking how this is the biggest wake up call of our entire history as a nation , because never has seen this country such massive protests ( the revolution is not considered a protest for obvious reasons ) . 
  members of the party are forwarding their resignations , condemning the actions of their leaders . 
  people are talking how this is something that will make us stronger , it shows we still have a core of people with vision , with principles , wanting to make this country better , people who demand respect and justice , who are willing to get out and ask for them , walking 20 km ( thats the distance the 30.000 people in cluj walked trough the city in 2 of the nights ) . 
  this is the young generation telling everybody we are different than our parents who didnt know how to manage democracy . 
  this is our generation , the people who go out to support justice and democracy . 
  we are romania !!, 
  psd is the big old dog in terms of political partys in romania . 
  they have a hard core of dumb electorate that are voting for them no matter what . 
  they do n't understand jack shit about what is going on around them . 
  on the other hand , pnl , their opposing party ( somehow ) had a core of liberal thinking people with european vision and with a decent understanding of politics . 
  a few years ago the most outrageous thing happened , both partys entered in a coalition to oppose the then party in power , pd . 
  at that time pnl lost a lot . 
  people that supported the party for its liberal views and who considered it to be the alternative to the corupt psd stopped to support them . 
  at the same time , psd had nothing to lose , because their electorate , as i said , is too dumb to critically think and analize anything . 
  that 's when psd became the most supported party in romania , voted by a small part of dumb people , while the vast majority of the country entered in a state of indiference and disgust towards politics . 
  thats what brought them in power now . 
  but the problem with this , and psd knows it , is that ther 's little to no alternative . 
  pnl and usr scored too low less than a couple of months ago to be hopefull for an overthrow . 
  best for confusing little kids . 
  you must be cheating somehow ... 
  40 hours , with extra pay if they go to work on weekends . 
  ca n't give you any data on commuting tho . 
  yeah , it 's nothing to brag about , it 's more like something to cry about and play the victim . 
  basically it takes 2 romanians to do the same thing as a frenchman , and it would cost you less than 50 % to hire those 2 romanians as opposed to 1 frenchman . 
  `` second only to the germans . '', 
  dude , what ? 
  i thought we had our share of bad rep to stop us bashing others . 
  call albanians poor and criminals and then cry when they call you a gippo ... 
  romania still produces a lot too . 
  my aunt has a very small place with about 10 employees where they make cloth for zara and the likes . 
  not sure if the label would always be true tho . 
  a few days ago something was in the news about a big brand in italy that was making it 's shoes here but it said made in italy instead ... 
  this has been my desktop wallpaper for a year now and it still does n't get old . 
  tats purple ramen !, 
  you sneaky bastards , just when i was about to open a glass of champagne !, 
  just accept it , man . 
  never saw those numbers untill now . 
  even tho i realise there are more roma than the official census data , because some of them would say they are ethnic romanian instead , 2.4 milions seems too much . 
  sources vary from a few hundred thousands to over 2 million . 
  anyway , judjing by their natality they will become an even bigger % in the population in every balkan country . 
  mind your own business , will ya ? 
  it 's funny cause spain has a similar number of gypsies . 
  if anything , as a portuguese you should stumble upon spanish gitanos rather than romanian ones . 
  this name similarity is really the main reason why everyone associetes them with romania . 
  all balkan countries have a shitload of them , iberia and turkey too , and it 's extremely funny when people from this countries are mocking us . 
  how is that ? 
  thank you !, 
  thanks for the quick repsonse . 
  i 'm about to open a thread on your turism reddit , but i 'll shoot a few more questions to you regarding this lake . 
  do you know how much would it cost to go to the island by boat ? 
  and how much would it be if you want to take your car too ? 
  are you allowed to camp there , with a tent ? 
  can you actually visit it ? 
  if yes , can you stay there overnight ? 
  or are turists not allowed ? 
  you 've elected trump ffs , you have no authority to criticize others , it makes it look way too ironic . 
  blonde , arrogant people . 
  high living standard . 
  the only country to take eurovision seriously . 
  has claims over the finnish clay . 
  guy inventing dynamite comes from there . 
  stockholm , malmo , helsiborg , goteborg ( hope i did n't mixed some norwegian cities into the pot ) . 
  the ' y sent us home from the world cup back in 84 ' or sometime around that ... not as awesome as norway . 
  they 've been denied access to the arctic ocean by sneaky norwegians taking all the coast in the northern scandinavia . 
  why , who called themselves the 4th ? 
  but it 's the best sign you can have that something is going in the right direction . 
  same as our dictatorship had to be ended in violence , corruption has to be fought in a bloody way . 
  there 's no easy and fast way to do it . 
  hih , we say the same - salta , but more often we use `` sari '' . 
  pula on the other hand ... has a different meaning . 
  hah , holy romanian empire sounds better than i would have thought . 
  we should start working on that . 
  we are the fourth rome !, 
  i do n't really believe it , but i like to think it 's a possibility : some 200 years ago the royal norwegian society of sciences asked if there really is free will . 
  the only one who answered then in the form of an essay was scopenhauer , presenting `` on the freedom of the will '' . 
  in that essay he explains why we , humans , have no free will . 
  the best line in that book that sums everything up is : `` man can do what he wills but can not will what he wills '' . 
  if we accept there is no free will then the only way of dealing with prisoners is the norway 's way . 
  i 'm a determinist and i think norway is doing the right thing . 
  for other countries it would be hard from an economical point of view , but i think we 'll all get there eventually . 
  those percentages are a bit off , do n't you think ? 
  why limit to eu countries when we could have all botswana 's money ? 
  that lighthouse resembles pula so much ... 
  thats a nice idea to make a map like this !, 
  it 's the same thing . 
  anyway , they moved to romania , prdoced the song in romania and released it in romania . 
  yeah , one of the worst insults for serbs probably, 
  tbh it does n't look bad at all . 
  i 'd consider keeping it this way . 
  i just now hear about the guy , so i do n't know what nationality he was , and i do n't really care . 
  given brasov was back then a german town i tend to believe he was of german origin . 
  names usually could be an indicator , but in transylvania you 'd find even today romanians with hungarian name or vice versa . 
  what ? 
  you might have gotten it all wrong . 
  it is the serbs and the coratians fighting over tesla , and romanians vs. hungarians over hunyadi . 
  ohh ffs . 
  but apart from arhitecture , urban planning and the railways , what has austria-hungary ever done for us !, 
  `` it 's also about the sheer number of roma who are from romania / live in romania / declare themselves to be from romania . '', 
  that 's also a stupid assumption . 
  yes , westerners seem to be pretty ignorant ( i could use a harsher word ) not realising the difference between roma and romanian .
