and mixing romania with gipsyland is n't ? 
  why do n't they mix up the roman empire with the gipsy empire then ? 
  well fuck you too poland , we never liked you either , anyways ... 
  seriously , i tend to believe all this trolls are russians . 
  i mean , there are less cultural differences between romanians and moldavians than there are between northern and southern italians . 
  `` big cultural gaps '' - like what ? 
  but there is no free will ... 
  if i were in your position i would have went all sobieski mode and kicked her out of europe !!, 
  im not sure the price is significantly different tho . 
  not an expert , but those chocolate bars , like mars , bounty or snickers are at the same price in romania as they are in the west . 
  i have no idea if they are of different quality tho . 
  `` there is the distinct possibility that i am a bit mad . '', 
  - hah , that was a good one . 
  it 's nice what you 're doing . 
  some people watch movies , some browse more reddit , some use that time to cook . 
  i think it 's one of the most important thnigs to get good at . 
  after all we do have to eat every single day , and being capable to make that experience as good as you can is definitely something worthwhile . 
  this would look much better with a picture taken during spring . 
  haha , nice one !, 
  exactly . 
  i think they took the data from the census where people are asked what 's their religion , not if they believe in god or no . 
  a lot of people would say their religion even if they are atheists , me included . 
  this map was posted on our subreddit too , and i said it back there too : the data is no doubt wrong by miles !, 
  i think there is no country on earth where 92 % of the population are true believers . 
  i do n't know how they made this survey , but one logical explanation for this is they might have taken it from our census . 
  in this regard , some people claimed that they were never asked about their religion , because the papers were already marked with '' orthodox '' . 
  in my case , as an atheist , when i was asked what 's my religion i answered '' orthodox '' , but that 's because i was baptized when i was a kid and technically i 'm an orthodox , and i say i 'm an orthodox as opposed to a catholic or a protestant or whatever , but that doesnt mean i believe in god . 
  ask them . 
  they do n't even need elections to win them . 
  this !, 
  sadly not many would understand it , and they keep on bragging on how they are net contributors without understanding how the economy works . 
  tell me the country which managed to educate their gypsies . 
  ukraine is neutral but hungary ... everybody knows about romania and hungary , im sure you do too . 
  yeah , bulgaria seems to be our new best buddy , but in general the whole idea that romania and serbia were never at war in their entire history made romanians view serbia as their best neighbour . 
  the problem of creating stricter rules for judges in order to speed up the act of justice has been put forward in romania too . 
  the main concern regarding this is that it would make it even slower . 
  it seems nonsensical , but when a judge knows there would be more repercurssions if he makes a mistake , then he 'll basically take a much longer time to study a case . 
  he 'll allow more witnesses , he 'll allow more evidence , he 'll take more time to explain his positions , etc. 
  so tightening up judges responsibility might make for better solutions overall , but it wont speed up the act of justice , but on the contrary ... 
  yes but just because a judge is appointed by the parliament it won ; t make him more competent , or the justice system better off . 
  what 's wrong with the current status quo ? 
  so how on earth would that change when the judges are appointed by the parliament ? 
  when we say balkans are a shithole we definitely do n't include serbia there , our best friend in the region . 
  i first thought the title reads mircea badea ... ughhh ... 
  it 's funny that i was 10 days in england and went trough portsmouth , taking a picture of a nice ship i saw in the dockyards . 
  1 week later im back in romania and i browse reddit europe just to see a picture of a ship that resembles the ship i saw in portsmouth . 
  i had to take my phone and compare the picture i took with this one . 
  quite a nice surprise to see it 's the same thing . 
  edit . 
  nvm , it 's not the same ship . 
  it was worrior , not victory , i saw . 
   o ano it was world war i that was a shock for europe , after which war everybody thought the world would never make such a massive mistake . 
  it took 20 years for europe to get back at it . 
  oh yeah , the self proclaimed leader . 
  of course some will try and pose as the leaders , and i dont mind that , we need someone to speak for the entire group , but it is n't like he was the one starting it , or the one organizing it . 
  its the first time i hear about him and i think that would also be the case for about 98 % of the protesters . 
  well , first of all it was well known that football hooligans were brought to `` give the tone '' for previous protests . 
  when all of a sudden protests that were peaceful and civilized descended into small scale fights with the police it was obvious that they were there with an agenda . 
  while those crooks were trowing flares at the gendarmery the whole crowd were shouting `` not like this ! '' . 
  this is only the context . 
  the next day the ex wife of dinamo bucharest 's owner declared that it was her ex-husband who sent those idiots with buses , boarding them in front of a hotel he owns . 
  of course there will be an official investigation that would clear all up , as both negoita , dinamo owner and the head of the dinamo ultras denied it all . 
  the problem was not that they were non-competitive , the problem was they were competition . 
  it was n't our decision to close them down . 
  virtually every big business in every domain from the west wanted to tear down something in romania after the revolution . 
  they didnt wanted our products to compete with theirs , period . 
  and the people working without being registered , to avoid taxes . 
  but you made it sound that way though . 
  you were trying to explain how this kind of protests tend to block streets and how someone could die because the ambulance didnt arive in time . 
  i explained to you how thats a very wrong point of view since the corruption , against which all this people protest , is doing much much more damage to us than a couple of blocked streets . 
  as i said , people die in hospitals because the lack of resources ( hexipharma case where a bunch of corrupt f * ks bought diluted disinfectants for the hospitals which is now attributed for a ton of infections that led , in some cases , to death ) , more than 60 people died in a fire in a nightclub , and the tie with corruption is again surfacing in that the club did n't met the safety standards but was allowed to open nonetheless . 
  i told you about our deplorable roads and lack of highways . 
  there 's more to it but i only mentioned the topics that contradict your stance . 
  so you accuse people for blocking 2 streets when the government is `` blocking '' the entire country by not investing in the roads and highways . 
  renault even threatened they 'll move the dacia factory to maroco if we 'll not manage to finally build a god damn highway to link us to the west . 
  whom do you think romanians blame when they have to travel in bad conditions , the protesters who block 2 streets for a few hours or the politicians who ca n't and wo n't do their jobs properly ? 
  your argument was way off . 
  what if i tell you that a big chunk of that crowd are also drivers , what if i told you most of the people agree with the protests even if they have to take a detour to get trough the city . 
  what if i tell you people in cars waiting to go trough were having messages supporting the protests on their cars , shouting with the crowd ? 
  but what if i told you that a lot of proplems we have in hospitals are linked to coruption , to the fact that directors of hospitals are named by political interest , and they are all there to steal as much money as possible from the hospital 's budget ? 
  what if i told you our roads are execrable because coruption , because they make deals with companies that are controlled by their friends or relatives , so naturally those companies do a horrbile cheap work to make as much profit as possible , while not afraid they will suffer any repercursions ? 
  what if i tell you we cant connect our country trough highways because of corruption ? 
  cant you see the bigger picture ? 
  there are no leaders of the protesters here . 
  it may be hard to believe , but its true . 
  the night they passed the law some friends of mine texted me saying that they had enough and they are going out to protest . 
  that night at 23:00 local time , when it went on the news that the law was passed 1 hour earlier tens of thousands went out . 
  you cant possibly organize that shit with all the logistics in the world . 
  in cluj , a city with a population of 300.000 + about 30.000 were out protesting minutes after the law was passed , staying as late as 04:00 in the morning . 
  they marched trough the city streets where others were joining the group . 
  the length they covered is about 13km that night . 
  this is the path they took : https://gyazo.com/49ad1e233f9effd89da11709e31dc011 le : oh , and its worth mentioning that after more than 20 days of protesting , with the highest number of protesters being reached on the 5th of february - 600.000 people , not a single violent incident took place in the entire country , with that one exception when football hooligans were paid , ironically by the party in power , to join the protests and cause some violence by fighting with the police , with the intention to cause panic trough the peaceful protesters and hopefully make them go home . 
  piata victoriei in bucharest , tonight , after all the 150.000 people got home , just to prove my previous statements - civilized protests 101 : before - https://www.reddit.com/r/romania/comments/5rwyq9/a_4a_zi/ after - https://www.reddit.com/r/romania/comments/5rx6kg/pia\u021ba_victoriei_dup\u0103_150000_de_protestatari/ edit : added the before image for comparison . 
  nobody is supporting psd actions except their propaganda tv station and their party members . 
  there are scarce comments from `` citizens '' on social media supporting them and condemning the protests but we all agree that the vast majority of them are fake accounts part of their propaganda machine . 
  right now we had the 4th consecutive day with 200.000 + people out in the streets ( while there were also 2 days of protests before the adoption of the law ) . 
  its worthy to mention that the first day of protests was tuesday night starting at 22:30 a clock , when all went into the news . 
  tens of thousands got out , with cluj , a city with a population of about 350k having 20k + in the streets untill 04:00 in the morning . 
  except their propaganda tv station all the mass media is on them , the journalists are extremely clear in their position and have `` aggresive '' stance when asking questions , most of the public figures are openly criticizing it and supporting the protesters , some private companies told employees thei are free to make their own schedule in order to be able to participate , people are going with tea and cookies to share with the protesters , people are singing happy birthday to a member of the security staff , people are giving flowers to the security staff , people are gathering to clean up all the mess left behind in the previous night , people are coming with children and dogs . 
  in the only instance when things got violent ( because paid football ultras came with firecrakers and torches ) the whole crowd was shouting `` not like this !!! '',
