  they do n't sound the same , how on earth do they sound the same ? 
  if anything roma sounds exactly the same as roma - the capital of italy , pronounced in italian . 
  but romanian or romania has a few extra letters ffs . 
  also , yes , people , in they ignorance , based on the name simillarity , automaticly assume a gypsi is from romania . 
  so it 's not that most of the gypsies you see are from romania , it 's the stupid assumption most people make . 
  the thread is a living proof to that - gypsies involved - must be romanian . 
  that 's the problem - a few slovak gypsies in paris and people will call them romanians , a few serbian gypsies in london and people will cal them romanian . 
  a few hungarian gypsies in rome and people will call them romanian . 
  an article on croatian gypsies and people are calling them romanian ffs !!!, 
  it 's too much already . 
  have a nice evening . 
  sorry , i must have misinterpreted your post . 
  as for the downvote - i didn ; t do it , i rarely use those up/down vote buttons ... https://gyazo.com/cbbb8ed43ae08369d17db1e1319cfcbb regardin the country with the biggest romani population , i do n't know and i think it 's hard to tell for sure . 
  some of them are declaring themselves to be of a different erhnicity , like spanish in spain , romanian in romania , and so on . 
  on the wiki every country has an estimate number between x and y. https://gyazo.com/2e4297e20b953b83d903a1b2a411cacd in the end it does n't matter if romania or spain or turkey have more gypsies , it matter that the story is about a group of croatian gypsies in germany and people are somethow feeling the need to involve romania somehow . 
  so what 's your point telling me that romania is the country with the most gypsies when i was just asking someone what has romania to do with the story of some croatian gypsies ? 
  you 've made a spelling mistake 4 times in 2 comments ? 
  i dont ' t think so . 
  i think you simply didn ; t know the difference between roma and roman . 
  as i said , when you make such mistakes it 's hard for people to take your opinions seriously . 
  finally !, 
  ffs you are not even realising the difference between roman and roma , but you get all apeish on how racist someone is ... just let it go , you don ; t seem like someone who really knows shit on the matter . 
  it 's roma , not roman . 
  roman is the guy that lived during the roman empire . 
  romanian is the citizen of romania . 
  roma is the term you are looking for . 
  and that means `` man '' or `` people '' in gypsi language . 
  show me what did google give you . 
  because spain has a larger number of gypsies than romania . 
  turkey too , but they are not in europe . 
  and lastly , bulgaria has a bigger percentage of gypsies among it 's population . 
  so , romania is neither the contry with the largest community of gypsies , neither the country with the biggest percentage of gypsies in it 's population . 
  all dumb fucks that keep bashing on us should go duck themselves . 
  proves my point . 
  some of you people live in a bubble of ignorance . 
  how smart would i look if i started calling germans a bunch of genocidal , cruel , inhuman nazis , because hey , you 've got yourself a reputatuion !, 
  and how funny would that be to start pissing on germans being a bunch of nazis by commenting on an article about a gang of italian mobsters ... ? 
  what a fucking dumb world . 
  so there 's an article about a gang of fuckers and everybody is blaming romania without reading it , because it clearly states in there that the gang is from croatia !!, 
  yes , that 's what i say . 
  take this gang of 8 for example . 
  i can tell 4 of them are ethnic romanians and 4 of them are not . 
  sure it 's not science , and i ca n't prove it by any means , but for me no . 
  4,5,6 and 8 from top left to bottom right are not ethnic romanians , while the other 4 are . 
  little difference , and that difference consists in romanians having a tad lighter skin colour and more people with blonde hair and blue eyes , so yes , it should n't be that hard to differentiate . 
  that 's quite intriguing what you say ... we have plenty of gypsies here , and some of them are even quite integrated - with a job and dressing casually , not in those traditional clothes you see most of them wearing , but you can still see they are ethnic gypsi . 
  and what i said is not an assumption , why ould anyone feel insulted . 
  i did n't even said they look indian . 
  i for one , i 'd say they look more like the average turk or arab , rather than indian . 
  i could say the same , in a sense , about sicilians , greeks or southern iberians ... 
  i 'm from bistrita , never been to craiova , but i still find it hard to believe it 's that hard to distinguish between romanians and gypsies over there . 
  i mean , people from that area ca n't have a darker skin tone than , say , south italians or greeks , can they ? 
  and it 's not only the skin , the facial looks are different too ... 
  i mean , ther 's a kind of looks that are pretty british , german , russian , etc. 
  i agree romanians are quite a mixed lot , and it 's hard to pinpoint the average romanian `` look '' , but the gypsies do have a particular `` look '' , on average . 
  trying to be objective here , no racism intended . 
  pardon me , but what you say does n't make much sense . 
  of course gypsies are different in terms of looks . 
  you can differentiate between romanians and gypsies the same way you can between austrians and turks , or poles and tunisians , or hungarians and indians . 
  why ? 
  what has romania to do with this story ? 
  which one is the largest then ? 
  funny how the picture is from an anti gay marriage march . 
  its `` less stagnant '' because you get immigrants from those in the east , includin us . 
  you just pick the side you want to see by saying there is nothing for normal people in it . 
  as i said , in every country the big companies are the main engines of the economy . 
  the more profit they make - the more they pay in taxes towards the state . 
  having a powerfull , rich state is very beneficial for the citizens , as the state can build more infrastructure , subsidize stuff , increase pensions , increase medical expenses , educational expenses , etc. . . 
  yeah , it 's frustrating to hear them cry when they are doing so well ... and the collapse of the iron curtain was one of the best things that happened for them , by opening up a 100 + milion people base of new consumers for the western consumerist machine and plenty of imigration of skilled cheap workers to compensate their stagnating demography . 
  you have no idea on how much the west has profited from those workers from ee and from the market expansion to ee . 
  eastern countries were big producers of almost everything before communism fell , and they did n't import much from the west . 
  once communism fell all the big companies in the west had a massive contribution in destroying the industry in this countries , as they were unwanted , cheap competition . 
  and this left the west with a crippled east that had to import more and more stuff from the west . 
  you have no idea how many companies died here and were either raplaced with foreign companies or we straight up import the goods . 
  we now get our forests cut down by an austrian company , we buy gas from an austrian company , we buy stuff from french and german supermarkets ( who make a good job promoting more and more french and german goods ) , we drink belgian beer , smoke british cigars , dress from italian retailers , eat spanish vegetables , and so on . 
  and those big companies are the main engines of western european economies . 
  they profited hugely from the east and part of those money went into the ecomomies of the west . 
  and you come here to complain on how ee imigrants are taking your jobs ... pathetic !, 
  we 'll never ever come close to the west ... 
  and we pay about 1.5 - 1.7 euro for 1l , while the farmers get around 22c per l. 
  thanks . 
  i 'll look into it more on r/croatia then . 
  are you from around there op ? 
  how much would it cost to stay there at a cheep motel ? 
  or are there any camping spots in croatia where you can stay with your tent but get some access to toilets , showers and stuff ? 
  please keep that thing there and do n't let it come south !, 
  please !!, 
  also the romanian carpathians are much brighter than the rest of the country , which does n't make any sense . 
  nice one !, 
  spot on !, 
  looks nice , sounds nice . 
  vis = dream in romanian . 
  exactly my thoughts !, 
  yeah , it 's all nice and games untill you realise how fucked up all this weather is for agriculture . 
  planted 70 apple trees last year in autumn and now am checking the weather every half an hour ... 
  actually in my area it goes just like that : '' you ca n't have a dick up your arse an be a virgin too . '', 
  vampires without teeths ... 
  and we still have to get the '' you are sucking money from eu '' from the idiots in the west ... 
  nice !, 
  it actually means , as the picture suggests , `` ox cart '' .
