we call it `` evro '' ( '' \u0415\u0432\u0440\u043e '' ) , derived from the way we say europe - `` evropa '' ( '' \u0415\u0432\u0440\u043e\u043f\u0430 '' ) . 
  cents are called cents , though a few people use the word `` stotinka '' ( '' \u0441\u0442\u043e\u0442\u0438\u043d\u043a\u0430 '' ) . 
  the word means both `` coin '' in general but is also the name of 1/100 lev ( bgn ) , our current currency . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ soon ... 
  he 's not democratically elected , he 's `` democratically '' `` elected '' . 
  spacex engines are designed from the ground up to be used for vertical landings . 
  as such , they are designed to be highly throttle-able . 
  combined with thrust vectoring and grid fins you get plenty of control over the rocket ( which at this point has used up all its fuel and is therefore very light ) . 
  it 's the same reason why the swiss will eventually have to join the eu . 
  the question of what exactly the european union is is surprisingly deep one and there is plenty of academic discussion on the topic . 
  there are some arguments to be had that the eu is already a federation of sorts , although there are also plenty of counterarguments to that . 
  the answer which is most often given is that the eu is an organization * sui generis * ( of its own kind ) , which is basically a cop-out that acknowledges that there has never been anything quite like the eu in human history . 
  the reason why we classify it in such a weird way has to do with the weird constitutional properties of the eu , namely the fact that the eu has it 's own constitution in the form of the eu 's primary law ( aka the treaties , even though they are not officially called constitution ) . 
  eu laws gain their power directly from the eu 's primary law , not from the national constitutions . 
  in fact , the relationship between the eu 's primary law and the national constitutions is not very clear . 
  there are very serious legal arguments according to which eu law also has primacy over the national constitutions . 
  as you might imagine , this is a huge can of worms that nobody wants to deal with for now , so both the eu 's judiciary and the national institutions work around the issue by not forcing it . 
  i 'm not sure i understood your question . 
  could you clarify what you mean by `` how do the regulations and decisions work from a legal perspective '' ? 
  if i understand you correctly , then the answer is that they literally work just like national laws . 
  if there is an eu regulation ( or a relevant decision ) that says `` x have the right y '' , then that right will be enforced by the national courts just as if it originated from a national law . 
  there is also a principle called `` primacy of eu law '' which says that all eu legislation supersedes national law in the event of a conflict so you are always guaranteed that the courts will enforce the eu legislation the way it should be regardless of what country you are in . 
  i 'm afraid you are mistaken . 
  there are five kinds of legislative acts in the eu 's legal framework - regulations , decisions , directives , recommendations and opinions . 
  the latter two are non-binding and represent methods of communication for the eu institutions . 
  the first three are binding in different ways . 
  regulations are the closest thing the eu has to national laws . 
  they are binding in their entirety for all subjects of eu law . 
  decisions are similar to regulations in that they are binding , but not necessarily for everyone . 
  decisions can be addressed to certain entities , in which case they are only binding for them . 
  finally there are directives , which need to be transposed into national law . 
  under certain conditions , it is possible to gain rights from an eu directive even if it has n't been transposed properly into eu law through a mechanism called direct effect of eu law . 
  op , the best way to get reliable information about your eu rights is to use the [ your europe advice ] ( http://europa.eu/youreurope/advice/about_en.htm ) service provided by the eu . 
  the service is completely free , relatively fast and you will get actual legal advice from actual lawyers who spend their whole days researching questions related to eu law ( they even specifically mention `` your rights as a consumer '' as a common field of inquiry ) . 
  you can also get a response in your own language . 
  i have used the service in the past and have only good things to say about it . 
  also i would n't recommend using reddit for legal advice . 
  it 's possible that some people here now what they are talking about regarding legal matters , but there 's no way for you as a layperson to confirm if that 's the case or if you have stumbled upon someone who thinks he knows more than he does . 
  nope . 
  though i see this show mentioned on reddit all the time so i probably should at some point . 
  it makes perfect sense . 
  historically , the united kingdom has been one of the strongest supporters of eu enlargement . 
  it sound a bit contradictory at first , given the uk 's strong euroscepticism , but it makes a lot of sense once one realizes that the most effective way of preventing deeper integration between the member states is to add more states . 
  the uk wants the eu to be wide as an ocean and deep as a puddle . 
  why not ? 
  * could have, 
  what you 're describing will never happen . 
  article 7 paragraph 2 requires that the european council votes unanimously to strip the offending member state of certain rights . 
  considering how unconvincing the legal argument would be in that case , it is out of the question that all 27 remaining members would vote yes . 
  superman does good . 
  romania is doing well . 
  incentivizing the replacement of older car models is probably a big one . 
  automakers have made their cars a lot safer in the past 10 years or so but that does n't mean anything if poor people ca n't afford a newer car and drive an ancient hunk of metal . 
  obviously that 's an issue that affects ee more so than we and nordics . 
  that 's why we should stay with summer time year round . 
  i would n't call us lucky . 
  the way the parliament is split means that gerb will need multiple coalition partners , and none of the available are particularly desirable ( and that 's assuming we pretend that gerb are the good guys , which they are not ) . 
  basically , expect nothing to change in the coming years . 
  it 's really not quite as good as it seems . 
  gerb are only desirable in the sense that they are not communist fossils ( bsp ) or far-right nationalists ( op ) or trump-y populists ( volya ) and so on . 
  gerb are corrupt and will continue to hold back the judicial reforms that the eu has been pushing for , and which would let us clean house like you guys did . 
  i only voted for them because the status quo is still better than a bsp-led government , which would also have serious implications on the eu level . 
  no , the real reason is that bsp misses the times when they would get 99.9 % of the votes . 
  nowadays they are alive only because of pensioners who are nostalgic about `` the good old time '' . 
  it 's not like this is the first time she 's had to deal with someone she dislikes . 
  she would never have managed to become chancellor if she did n't have the ability to work with people she has differences with . 
  ignoring for a second the difficulties of legally restricting immigration based on religion , how would that address the current security situation ? 
  do n't we need some way of discovering domestic terrorists who are in the process of preparing an attack , without having to resort to methods such as mass surveillance ? 
  well what else would you do ? 
  as you said yourself , the muslims we are talking about ( and in fact the vast majority of recent muslim terrorist ) are here because of past immigration , and in most cases the perpetrators are n't technically immigrants themselves but the children or grandchildren of such . 
  since we ca n't travel back in time and prevent immigration in the past , we ought to focus our efforts on the kind of intelligence work that would be effective in the current situation . 
  and the lack of pan-european intelligence cooperation makes such work impossible . 
  it would provide us with better security at a relatively low cost , both in terms of civil liberties and plain finance . 
  on some level , he probably understands that he is outclassed by them in this particular business and it makes him act in a boyishly-defiant way . 
  most of the turks on this reddit seem to have values that are quite a bit more progressive than those of the european turks you see on tv praising erdogan . 
  they would probably agree with mr. tusk . 
  on a side note , i quite liked how tusk did n't call out turkey directly , but rather spoke in general terms . 
  it was way classier and brings to light the difference between him and everyone-i-dislike-is-a-nazi erdogan . 
  if anything , his speech shows that the nitpicking we endure from our professors is dumb . 
  the impact of his speech was n't lessened in any way by him reading his notes instead of staring at the camera . 
  * joins in grumbling about stupid professors making me memorize most of a research paper for a presentation no one was paying attention to anyway *, 
  dependant is a noun . 
  if you wanted to use it your sentence should have been `` the entire eu economy has been a dependant of the ... '' . 
  dependent is an adjective . 
  your sentence describes a property of the eu so you want to use that . 
  unless , of course , you are using american english . 
  what 's the punishment for that , loss of citizenship ? 
   the entire eu economy has been depend ** e ** nt on the ~ ~ british , ~ ~ french , and germans since it 's inception . 
  with one about to leave ~ ~ and the other to pull out of the euro , ~ ~ i would n't be so certain about it 's survival . 
  ftfy, 
  eu citizens generally have the right to vote in local elections ( as well as the right to be stand for election regardless of citizenship ) . 
  not sure if the whole of scotland counts as local though . 
  it would be . 
  using a telephoto lens flattens the resulting picture , causing foreground and background to appear much closer together than they actually are . 
  that being said , vitosha mountain is really close to the city ( parts of the city lie on the lower slopes of the mountain ) , so the picture is n't entirely misleading . 
  [ here 's what it looks like in real life . 
  ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@42.6926525,23.3201291,3a,75y,189.52h,83.41t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1s2aberejvnc0r0z2azd7l-a!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ), 
  considering how complex many of the issues we deal with are , i doubt that any significant fraction of your readership would have the necessary expertise to interpret raw data . 
  has anything like that happened in europe in the last decade or so ? 
  where i 'm from , we use our personal id for that .
