  passport refers exclusively to the small booklet with space for visas you use to travel abroad . 
  if you ca n't travel in the first place , what do you need a passport for ? 
  unfortunately , most populists seem to also be immune to even the worst scandals . 
  you could televise le pen eating a child on tv , yet a significant part of her voter base would still vote for her , just because she 's `` not part of the evil establishment '' . 
  ctrl + shift + p on firefox , and i think it 's ctrl + shift + n on chrome . 
  breaking news , politician represents interests of people he was elected to represent at given time . 
  i 'm a fan of federal european union . 
  it spells out feu , which is french for fire . 
  it feels weird to follow an election where people get to choose the greater good rather than the lesser evil . 
  i want more of them , especially after last year . 
  there 's a button in the addon 's comment frame that lets you switch back to yt comments . 
  did the french leave europe while nobody was looking ? 
  those are assignments , got ta use = =, 
  / r/polandball, 
  seriously , what 's up with that ? 
  i thought glorious nordics are supposed to be the shining beacon of civilization . 
  the parliament can not execute article 7 in its entirety , but it can make a reasoned proposal , which starts the process . 
  the council would then be forced to at least acknowledge and debate the matter . 
  they are laid out clearly in article 2 of the treaty on european union . 
   the union is founded on the values of respect for human dignity , freedom , democracy , equality , the rule of law and respect for human rights , including the rights of persons belonging to minorities . 
  these values are common to the member states in a society in which pluralism , non-discrimination , tolerance , justice , solidarity and equality between women and men prevail . 
  they are allowed to vote in local elections ( also to be elected in local elections ) . 
  it 's one of the rights all eu citizens have . 
  someone call the hydraulic press channel guy !, 
  i think in the future technology might solve this problem for us . 
  machine translation ( like the entire field of machine learning ) has been making some very serious progress recently . 
  i would n't be surprised if , within a decade or so , we reach the point where computers can produce error-free translations for all the eu-language pairs . 
  it would allow us to have proper eu-wide media without giving preferential status to any one language . 
  same in bulgarian . 
  euronationalism is an oxymoron . 
  there 's no european nation , just as there is n't a us-american nation , so you can hardly be nationalistic . 
  yeah , because the mods removed all the `` give me karma of europe '' garbage from this reddits frontpage . 
  yeah , let 's turn this place into / r/funny or / r/pics . 
  i need more pictures of toilets in my life . 
  another fun fact : bulgaria had to fight the eu institutions over the way euro is pronounced in bulgarian . 
  the commission originally insisted that the currency be called \u0415\u0443\u0440\u043e ( like in most other languages ) . 
  for now , one issue would be that some countries have different immigration requirements for nationals of the various eu states . 
  the german passport , for example , gives its bearer the right to travel visa-free to far more places than the bulgarian one . 
  a common eu passport would be beneficial for eu countries with weaker passports , but might have negative consequences for countries with stronger ones . 
  also , one of the principles of the eu is the principle of subsidiarity , according to which issues should be solved at the lowest level capable of doing so . 
  right now people are doing fine with their national passports , so there is neither the need nor the will to push for something which would have limited benefit for the resources invested . 
  and then there 's also the issue of the passports symbolic value , which is a can of worms no one wants to open . 
  fun fact : despite bulgaria not being a eurozone-member ( yet ) , the bulgarian '' \u0415\u0432\u0440\u043e '' appears on the new euro bills alongside the latin and greek versions . 
  for comparison , the un laissez-passer is only in english and french . 
  people also forget just how incredibly homophobic the western world used to be just a few decades ago . 
  developments like this should be seen as a sign of progress , not as just another cause for pointless cynicism . 
  if someone shoves you and someone else beats you unconscious , are they doing the same thing ? 
  what exactly is the structure of the state and how does neoliberalism undermine it ? 
  while we should absolutely hold journalists to a higher standard , it would be wrong to put all the blame on them . 
  people in general do n't take the time to consider any issue . 
  we see this every day on this reddit and the other large ones dedicated to news/politics . 
  nobody takes the time to even read the article , they just skim the headline and leave a one-liner . 
  in a better society , people would flat-out reject low-quality journalism like this . 
  this is probably somewhat off-topic , but i really wish this reddit had rules or a culture against such comments . 
  your entire comment can be replaced with `` upvote me if you are on this side of the issue '' . 
  it encourages a black-and-white binary view of important political issues and leads to the same kind of rationality-killing tribalism we are seeing from the politics of your own country . 
  i get what you mean , but this is an actual problem . 
  political discussions , especially on vital topics like these , require careful reasoning and nuanced non-binary discussion . 
  in other words the exact opposite of what the current top comments are doing . 
  almost everyone in this thread missed the point of macrons speech . 
  his thesis is that africas problems are civilizational , which he probably believes because he understands the idea of the modern society as a self-perpetuating process of social innovation , driven by institutions ( in the most general sense possible ) which both further and are based on an ideological framework . 
  the fertility rate of a country is in itself a secondary indicator , it will adjust based on the current social and economic state of the society and wo n't further or hinder a societies development , as evidenced by the fact that european countries have had historically similar fertility rates , yet that did n't stop them from evolving into modern open societies . 
  you solve the problem of the high fertility rate by developing the country into a modern open-access society with institutions that protect and drive social organization and trade . 
  the high fertility rate is an adaptation to a social order that predates the modern one effect , not a cause for the lack of modernity . 
  it 's also not so far off from where europe was not one hundred and something years ago . 
  short of mass shootings and the like , i do n't know what could hold back climate refugees . 
  i think most people do n't realize just how desasterous the situation is going to get when large parts of africa and the middle east become essentially uninhabitable . 
  the current refugee crisis wo n't even register on the radar . 
  we 're heading towards a very very dark place if we do n't get global warming under control quickly and help our southern neighbors develop into stable countries with the technology and funds to deal with the effects of global warming . 
  i really need to find myself something better to do with my time . 
  but here you go . 
  what is berlin ? 
  berlin is the city a german ought to feel ashamed of on the international stage . 
  comparisons between berlin and any other european capital , such as london , paris , madrid and amsterdam , would force any decent person to blush with shame . 
  even small countries , such as austria , belgium or switzerland , possess internationally presentable capital cities , such as vienna , brussels and zurich , offering a high standard of living . 
  germany , on the other hand , is stuck with berlin , the capital of failures . 
  berlin , by far , offers sanctuary to the greatest number of assholes in the entire republic . 
  the deutsche bahn [ national railway company ] , the federal parliament , air berlin and the axel springer publishing house are only a few examples of the incompetent scum that lodges here . 
   with glorious times long gone , this city has hit rock bottom . 
  the berliner is an utterly lazy bastard . 
  character traits which would , in any civilized culture , be perceived as undiluted laziness , unfriendliness , incompetence , antisocial personality disorder and stupidity , are simply declared by berliners to be part of their inner nature . 
  a further central trait is the all-encompassing inferiority complex . 
  the berliner projects this onto anybody , who is even slightly superior to him , in the form of an intense feeling of hate . 
  especially the southern germans , who are the berliners betters in any possible way , are a thorn in the berliners side . 
  the berliners are envious of the southern germans success , and munich stands at the very top of the berliners shit-list . 
  this city represents everything the berliner wants to be and have . 
  the fact , that munich finances the berliners easy living , is of no consequence to the berliner ; secretly he even believes he deserves it . 
  and instead of freeing himself of his envy - and misery-induced lethargy and fixing his own city , the berliner allows himself to wallow in asocial parasitism , and even has a high opinion of his supposed global city . 
   culturally , the berliner shows little potential ; the creation of great works is a thing of the distant past . 
  here , the pronunciation of the letter `` g '' as `` j '' is considered a cultural achievement . 
  those slightly further ahead are even capable of adding `` wa ? '', 
  to the end of every sentence . 
  the performance level , found in the kitchen , is rather moderate . 
  a sausage , made out of ground mechanically separated meat , served with ketchup and curry powder , is sold as a `` currywurst '' , and praised as if a culinary stroke of genius . 
  a reasonable person would hardly consider a sausage with ketchup to be the holy grail of culinary skills , or even to be a recipe at all . 
  the rest of the republic graciously allows the berliner to keep on in his beliefs , so as not to offend against his sense of inferiority . 
   economically , berlin is a complete disaster , such that even the late gdr stood on more solid ground . 
  berlins economy is based on alternative blogs , something to do with media and gender studies , if one were to believe the universities . 
  with no regard to his economic bankruptcy , the berliner treats himself to flagship projects , such as berlins stadtschloss , as well as an airport which , due to a lack of functionality , ought to be considered an art project . 
  furthermore , the city is home of the headquarters of all major parties , which have all chosen to omit the word `` traitor '' in their names due to marketing-related reasons .
