he 's already got his golden throne ready and waiting . 
  tune in for next weeks episode !, 
  ah very good . 
  i 've been trolled . 
  take a bow man , you got me . 
  it 's up to you to provide the statistics on people born in america who have at least a grandparent that was irish and then had the child ( or the child themselves did it ) registered on the foreign births register . 
  and no one in the world believes that america is the cultural heart of ireland . 
  especially the irish . 
  actually it comes from the same place . 
  [ the central statistics office . 
  ] ( http://www.cso.ie/en/index.html ) * edit * . 
  in 2014 we had 34,785 males out of 67,462 births in ireland that year . 
  i have it on very good authority that most irishmen are , in fact , born in ireland nowadays . 
  wonderful example of cognitive dissonance . 
  [ ok here 's another ] ( https://theintercept.com/2016/06/17/far-right-britain-first-party-tries-avoid-blame-lawmakers-assassination/ ) [ and a second one as well ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/crime/jo-cox-shooting-man-who-shot-labour-mp-shouted-says-eyewitness-a7085656.html ), 
  [ actually , it might well have been related ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/jun/16/labour-mp-jo-cox-shot-in-west-yorkshire ), 
  go on so . 
  i have no doubt the roi will stay in the single market . 
  that 's not in jeopardy . 
  and the `` several geared '' eu you 're talking about is fantasy . 
  and not only will we have veto power over it , we 'll exercise it too . 
  and yes we have received massive support from the eu for which we 're thankful , it 's been a great help to us , but do n't think ireland or any of the other smaller nations are the only ones to benefit . 
  france has done pretty damn well from it 's eu membership . 
  and if you think the eu will start to `` removing those countries who are undermining the whole thing '' you 're living in a dream world . 
  and yes , it is one vote for everyone , we all do have an equal voice in the eu project . 
  and of course people are going to have disagreements along the way , but that 's why we have open dialog between the countries so that we can all try to get along together . 
  not so that the one who carries the biggest stick can beat the others into submission . 
  one vote for everyone . 
  we all have an equal voice in this . 
  if you have a problem with that , perhaps you should rethink your own place in it . 
  well they proved that with forcing us to vote multiple times on the lisbon treaty till they got the result they wanted . 
  and that 's the kind of arrogance that makes people not like the eu btw . 
  you put it far better then i did . 
  that 's how you know it 's a compromise . 
  what you 've said is practically the definition of the term . 
  are you talking about our constitution laying down that we 're a neutral country ? 
  because it does n't say in black and white terms that the irish people must not vote for an eu army . 
  gon na be juicy ? 
  it 's already overflowing with juice . 
  the opposition party is in a shambles , the other e.u. 
  countries are giving the uk the evil eye . 
  scotland wants out badly . 
  northern ireland do n't want to leave the e.u. 
  either . 
  the next 2 years will be interesting times . 
  clearly . 
  have a a good one !, 
  happy st. paddy 's day to our german neighbors !, 
  have some paulaner in our name today !, 
  and to you too !, 
  enjoy yourself today . 
  we do our best to keep you enchanted, 
  we do man . 
  not even getting into politics , but our contribution to the arts is fantastic . 
  while i wo n't ever be a man to get airs of nationalism , i do love how we 've given our gift of song , poetry and literature to others . 
  have some pride in that if nothing else . 
  some cross border drunken shenanigans is called for !, 
  i thought i 'd try to resurrect it but it may be beyond saving . 
  and my axe !, 
  fucking hell that 's embarrassing and a tragedy . 
  we 're building up to it . 
  that 's more like it !, 
  you 're making me blush to hear that . 
  i suppose we should have just rolled over for you guys . 
  southern irish or course . 
  we 're the worst . 
  let me tell ya , no one worse then us . 
  and that 's kind of it really . 
  if you wanted to go out and get some beers , go for it . 
  if you do n't , no worries either . 
  but it 's having the option and not the prohibition of it . 
  sure some adults will abuse it , smoke to much , order a pizza far to large to eat , watch some mad german art house movie , maybe listen to some pink floyd . 
  but there 's always going to be lunatics out there . 
  them stoners !, 
  coming into your house , eating you out of house and home !, 
  listening to your old vinyls and not putting them back in their sleeves !!, 
  drives me spare . 
  in the mean time , why not come on over ? 
  he really is a little worm is n't he . 
  well til . 
  cheers for that . 
  social media sometimes makes it easier for people to express themselves without having to see the other persons reaction then and there . 
  there 's no immediate confrontation about it , no one yelling at you or hostilities . 
  then again , maybe people just care less about how they 're perceived ? 
  me either , eoghan is pronounced as owen . 
  in scotland , yes . 
  they may also do [ a deep fried mars bar ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sax7lfd89cc ) . 
  if you do ever get the chance to go to a fish and chip shop , go in . 
  some are fantastic !, 
  there 's a bunch in my city that you 'd eat at every night if your heart could take the damage . 
  [ a fish and chip shop ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fish_and_chip_shop ), 
  sounds like a plan !, 
  yes . 
  that is exactly what he said . 
  if you were to copy and paste what he said it would look just like that . 
  try it yourself . 
  not a clue . 
  but we could roll out michael d. and have him give such an inspiring speech that it 'd get everyone excited and proud . 
  fine , we 'll take it . 
  german has a lot of sensible things going for it to be fair .
