dover is n't great either . 
  i assumed he was refferring the fact that france exports electricity to the uk, 
   that 's the whole problem . 
  they do not govern to do good things , they govern in order to satisfy their own supporters group . 
  you build up a group of supporters , then you convince a lot of other people to vote for you so you can get more seats and then you govern in favor of that first group of supporters , instead of everyone who voted for you . 
   you build up a group of supporters , then you convince a lot of other people to vote for you so you can get more seats and then you govern in favour of that first group of supporters , instead of everyone who voted for you . 
  i would n't do n't necessarily agree with that . 
  parties ca n't falsely convince other people to vote for them without disastrous consequences . 
  an example of this happening in the uk would be lib dems and tuition fees . 
  the liberal democrats made a flagship policy to abolish university fees . 
  when they entered a coalition with the conservative they had ended up increasing tuition fees by 200 % . 
  the party has since become massively unpopular . 
  the only way i 'd agree with this is multiple round voting where second round voting only includes the top two . 
  one could be voting where all the candidates are undesirable . 
  they make decisions that are popular for the people that vote for them . 
  with the traditional * first past the post * elections a majority government will often receive much less than 50 % of the overall vote . 
  the reason they are not popular within the overall populace is that the majority of people in the populace did n't vote for them . 
  even then i would argue that some decisions that seem unpopular may actually be popular . 
  it 's just that the people who like it say nothing and people who do n't like it make lots of noise causing it to appear unpopular . 
   mainly meant it as a semi-humorous jab for small things , like , i do n't know ... committing a semi-purposeful genocide of the native peoples and enslaving another race just to name two . 
  maybe the scandinavians did n't do this so much but the british , french , spanish , dutch and portuguese did half of those things at best and all if not more at worst . 
  we ca n't really take the high ground here . 
  european countries were doing those things before america gained its independence . 
  it 's probably america 's european heritage which is the reason why they did those terrible things . 
  i think he is being sarcastic . 
  it becomes obvious when you read the second paragraph . 
  coventry and stoke are further south too ... 
  whatever happens he 'll still be living a life of luxury . 
  even if his ego is destroyed and he is forced to sell his beloved ac milan . 
  if he avoids prison then he has won . 
  he likely still has a lot more money where that came from . 
  i 'm actually pleasantly surprised . 
  there is all this nonsense about binge drinking in the news . 
  maybe we are n't as bad as we think . 
  or maybe we only binge drink and lack the capacity for casual drinking . 
   prism works by decoding ssl/htps after googles servers receive it . 
  when i meant by end-to-end is that decryption is done on the recipient 's machine . 
  ssl/tsl is irrelevant . 
  obviously one would n't be using gmail 's web interface but an email client on the recipient 's local machine . 
  [ pgp ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pretty\\_good\\_privacy ) is what i was referring to . 
  the message would then only ever be decrypted into memory and never to disk . 
  there is prism . 
  then there is this http://www.theguardian.com/uk/2013/jun/21/gchq-cables-secret-world-communications-nsa . 
  surely if one was that bothered about privacy one would ensure they are totally safe and use pgp . 
  otherwise what 's the point ? 
  if the uk or us government really wanted to observe one 's communications it seems very likely that they could , regardless of where you put it . 
  as long as it 's being transferred unencrypted over the internet surely it 's compromised . 
  unless you 're using end-to-end encryption you 're still vulnerable if you care about such matters . 
  and if you 're doing that you may as well just stick to gmail . 
  haha he saw the camera and carried on watching . 
  although lad culture has no place in politics . 
  it 's probably more apt to say `` what a fool '' . 
  lizzie is a bit of a qilf though so that does n't change anything . 
  the commons voted that no military action should be taken regardless of what the un says . 
  what makes you think that us evidence will be any different ? 
  there is no instant dna test . 
  and that assumes one has a reference sample . 
  facial recognition is largely reliable ( used to identify dead bodies ) and instant . 
  if you let this go then anyone could create a religion and insist on wearing a balaclava in court . 
  the niqab is not even required by mainstream islam . 
  booze is available in britain before it is in america for the young adult . 
  we still binge drink a lot . 
  i wonder if they just produce less waste than us . 
  maybe they consume fewer cans/bottles/paper than the rest of us so do n't have as much to recycle . 
  they are better english speakers than we are german speakers . 
  there is no doubt about that . 
  it was previously thought to be impossible . 
  as claimed by some german scientists in 1908 . 
  it says it in the article . 
  / r/science would surely be more interested though . 
  i expected to be taken there when clicking through to see the comments page . 
  people do have the ability to be bilingual you know . 
  the article even covers the topic . 
  perhaps you should read it . 
   how are they going to take their land with them if it gets seized from them ? 
  if they feel that debate and proposed legislation is being hostile to them they will sell up and move . 
  we can hardly set up a covert operation and seize their property in a `` crack of dawn '' raid . 
   and even if they would , would n't that just solve the problem in an another way ? 
  what exactly is the problem ? 
  are you suggesting that their very presence is a problem ? 
  yes their wealth is unfair . 
  but so is yours . 
  the fact that you have the internet and a computer means that you have far more than the median wealth . 
  did you have to work for it ? 
  maybe . 
  but the fact that you live in finland means you 've been given much more than the average person from india . 
  does that mean your assets should be taken from you and given to people in india ? 
  your assertion is fucking retarded . 
  making it difficult to watch pornography does n't help mr cameron 's donors in anyway . 
  i ca n't even be bothered to argue against such a stupid claim . 
  some idiots actually want to take away our freedoms in hope that everyone will conform to their moral ideals . 
  it 's not the bankers controlling the media . 
  it 's just how some people are . 
  what people on reddit do n't seem to realise is that this is n't some government conspiricy , they are just doing what their daily mail reading voters want them to . 
  / u/wobinidan 's comment  ultimately all the government wants is efficient workers to make their lobbyist friends rich . 
  they do n't give a fuck about anything else . 
  ... is bordering on paranoia . 
  more likely they are pandering to the middle class mums that vote for this bullshit . 
  the same reason why cannibis is still illegal . 
  i read a story about how a hotel was planning to cool the sand on the adjacent beach .
