  it is such flamboyance which fills me with disgust for the place . 
  i really ca n't see the appeal . 
  it 's just a desert with some tall buildings . 
  far too hot for my liking anyway . 
  i 'm pleasantly surprised that we 're only the second fattest in europe . 
  i thought we would have been first by a country mile . 
  still though , it makes me yearn for the slim women of countries like sweeden and italy . 
  i doubt it has that much of an affect on the uk 's figure . 
  the population of ireland is not even a tenth of that of the uk . 
  there is lots of hate for the edl too . 
  extremism in any form is discouraged by the subreddit . 
  i said that religion implies ignorance . 
  i did n't say that ignorance implies religion . 
  they probably despise the average british muslim for being so passive . 
  religion breeds ignorance . 
  ignorance breeds morons . 
  unfortunately revision is my primary concern tonight . 
  but i want bayern to win because that will mean they win the triple . 
  pep will come in next season and have everything to lose and nothing to gain his predecessor will have won it all and he will be expected pull of the same feat . 
  i think he was joking ... 
  in fairness the recent eurozone crisis has proved our point . 
  having our own currency lets us dictate our own economic policy . 
  just out of interest what was the original reasoning for having strasbourg ? 
  surely anyone has the right to take photographs in public places . 
  corporations or otherwise . 
  restricting that would be ludicrous , next thing you know newspapers ca n't print photographs . 
   keep in mind that in europe whites are native europeans , and from european viewpoint nearly everyone in america is an immigrant whilst this is technically true i feel it does n't convey how things actually are . 
  in britain there is a large polish community ( amongst other eastern european communities ) in addition to a large population that has an irish background . 
  implicitly racism can not be problem for these communities but i would n't be surprised if eastern europeans are subject to xenophobia ( just as the irish were 50 years ago ) from some of the more ignorant members of our society . 
  where ever yo go , minority groups will be always be discriminated against by the ignorant few . 
  a sad fact of life unfortunately . 
  the un is only joke for israel because it has powerful friends . 
  it 's no joke to other countries such as iran who are being crippled by un sanctions . 
  they openly make a mockery of un resolutions . 
  harsh criticisms should be expected . 
  in britain they started the vaccination programme about 5 years ago . 
  they have recently changed the vaccine to one that protects against some strains of genital warts in addition to hpv . 
  edit : spelling . 
  sounds about right . 
  they do n't appear to speak any of the indian languages ( or sound indian ) though . 
  their foods do have indian names ( dhal , rhotti , saag etc ) but are subtly different . 
  i do n't actually have many relatives left in guyana . 
  they all seemed to have emigrated , mostly to new york where there seems to be quite a large community , especially in queens . 
   and double-downvote for claiming sa is british colony http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/south_africa#colonization, 
  my father is from guyana , as are his parents . 
  my grandmother on the other side is german . 
  it was n't all us . 
  the french , the spaniards , the germans , the portuguese and the dutch were all cunts too . 
  i say ` us ' , three of my grandparents are n't from britain . 
  * jamaicans smoke a lot of weed and are good at sprinting . 
  * australians are upside down * kiwis are good at rugby * indians make nice curry and love cricket . 
  * south africa is dangerous * the yanks are loud and obnoxious ( yet we have an unrelenting appetite for their culture ) * canada is cold * the irish are drunkards, 
  if the bbc execs deemed this to actually be the case then they would n't have geolocked iplayer . 
  the bbc is funded principally by the uk tv license fee and with additional revenue coming from selling tv rights abroad . 
  if geo-blocking was removed the revenue from selling content abroad would be weakened as much of its content would be available to the eu via iplayer . 
  to further compound the problem , the bbc would have to renegotiate the licenses for the content it does n't produce if it plans to put them on iplayer . 
  unless the rest of europe is happy contribute to the bbc financially , it 's pretty plain to see why many brits would be uneasy with such a deal . 
  we have nothing to gain and a beloved institution to lose . 
  if there is a need which is n't being filled by a company operating in your country then perhaps someone in your own country should start a business attempting to fill such a need . 
  he is trying to say that we are ignoring issues which disproportionately affect certain minority groups in order to help integration . 
  the point being that paedophile rings are a allegedly a problem in the pakistani community and political corruption seems to be a problem with certain bangladeshi communities . 
  i do n't have the knowledge to tell you if these are definitely problems or not but it 's pretty obvious that 's what he 's trying to suggest . 
  i doubt the price of cigarettes in bosnia warrants a black market, 
  christ i thought you were joking . 
  if that 's how you see it then why bother commenting at all ? 
  if you give your sources then a proper discussion can be had . 
  the reason anecdotes have no place in politics is because there is a big opportunity for them to be biased . 
  they are often affected by emotions . 
  government should make rational decisions based on verified facts . 
  i 'm not even saying that your issue is n't a valid one . 
  just your reasoning behind it is nothing more than here say . 
   with no real life experience politics based upon `` life experience '' is utterly moronic . 
  we should be promoting science and evidence based politics where rational decisions are made based upon facts . 
  they are tools which are very effective at reducing bias . 
  vague statements like  you 've got areas where 300 people apply for a warehouse job and it still goes to someone from abroad . 
  mean absolutely nothing because there is no mention of how common this is , if the 300 bit is hyperbole or any useful information really . 
  what it does do is evoke an emotional response . 
  i 'm not saying there is n't a problem with immigration but the way you appear to form your views is everything that i think to be wrong with politics . 
  much of our advancement within the last 200 years has been down to the scientific process . 
  i just wish people could learn to apply it to politics . 
  i sneer at people who complain about immigration because they are short sighted . 
  stopping mass immigration will have huge effects on the economy which in the long run will effect them too and it wo n't address the wider issues of modernisation . 
  it 's simply not rational . 
  i 'm not particularly surprised at the increasing relevance of the far right movement but i am certainly not sympathetic . 
  the initial waves of immigrants from the west indies , pakistan and india were also unskilled . 
  yet they were enticed over here because they were needed . 
  in recent times the demand for unskilled labour has waned due to factors such as automation and globalisation . 
  the steel industry is a prime example of this . 
  the working classes have much more to worry about then immigration . 
  immigration is just a scape goat for the real issues that have caused the demise of britain 's working class . 
   it knows on some level mass immigration and multiculturalism are failures . 
  this is evidently not the case . 
  the uk would be nothing but a shadow of its current self in economic terms if we had n't had mass immigration . 
  our hospitals would be understaffed and our elderly would be left to rot . 
  mass immigration has not been a failure . 
  the only valid argument you can make is one about cultural values . 
  this is a valid but subjective complaint and one i happen to wholly disagree with . 
  my previous comment was removed because i foolishly linked to a daily mail article . 
  but i gather it was not an isis flag http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/jun/30/isis-dildo-flag-london-pride-cnn, 
  do we really want `` real unification '' ?
