  yeah , i can already see the british headlines but they will not mention that they are bears , they will just call them romanians in order to be pc . 
  he probably thought he 's on youtube , the place where romanians and hungarians troll and insult eachother with every occasion . 
   i know a shepherd who has his intestines out of his belly after a bear attack . 
  did you post a picture of him on / r/gore / by any chance ? 
  i thought jesus was mexican ... 
  safe for polish people . 
  what is this ? 
  some dancing scene from a music video ? 
  a pole making a joke about stealing ... hehe, 
  lol , more like countries that have the most negative influence globally . 
  why is poland the most chauvinist country in europe ? 
  nothing , i 'm not even sure what language they speak there ... is it spanish ? 
  also criminal and gypsy drain which is kinda nice on the other hand ... 
  you need jesus in your life !, 
  the metal stealing , pickpocketing , begging and prostitution is done by gypsies , romanians are more into internet and credit card fraud ... 
  these stupid romanians have no idea how they are perceived in poland ... otherwise they would n't be so solidar ... lol, 
  absolutely , there 's no bigger insult than being called or confused with gypsies ... 
  without the gypsies we would be as unknown as latvia or one of those baltic countries probably ... lol, 
  probably a charity for gypsy kids , the orphanages were and still are full of them , but i bet they did n't mention anything about it since gypsies and romanians are the same shit for you guys . 
  is that huge green spot in bulgaria ? 
  i 'm impressed . 
   it 's quite common in ireland to say romanians when you mean gypsies why would you call romanians gypsies ? 
  would you like your people to be called something they are not and get the blame all the time for an ethnic group which is racially different and has it 's own language and culture , a culture that does n't adhere to the 21st century . 
   even the romanians call the gypsies romanians in ireland no romanian in his right mind would call a gypsy romanian . 
  apparently people talk about romania and gypos even in a thread about bulgaria . 
  ca n't wait for our thread , i 'm gon na drink a shot of tequila every time i 'll see gypsy mentioned ... 
  move along people , this is just typical western european propaganda against eastern europeans ... 
  and 4 . 
  chances to get shot , decapitated , stabbed ... some people just want some real adventure in their life . 
  does he squat ? 
  what ethnicity is the portuguese prime minister ? 
  not really , he looks very polish to me, 
  pics or it did n't happen ... 
  are those potato pancakes on the left plate ? 
   how can someone listen to this , is beyond my power of understanding . 
  alcohol poisoning or hard drugs ... 
  even the music they produce harms people ... 
  it 's a song very popular in countries like ukraine and poland from what i heard , slavs really dig this kind of shit apparently ... lol, 
  the dictator in the military uniform , the one next to him with sunglasses is his bodyguard ... 
  leprechauns are real !, 
   but if i had the current mentality i 'd probably just live in the woods . 
  typical vlach mindset , hiding with his sheep in the mountains :d, 
  [ o_o ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2s2zfpod9se ), 
  did n't know russians are so much into twitter ... 
  i thought they mostly use their own social media sites like vk for example ... 
  i 'd like to climb that shit . 
  he was most definitely thinking about gypsies when he said that , and it 's hilarious that even a right-wing nut like him is pc when it comes to gypsies, 
  just be sure you get it safe and slowly ... 
  do you plan to go in pula ? 
  [ bucovina - spune tu , vant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcoh2ibrvk4 ) [ iris - somn bizar ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kgnyq-ikwew ) [ dirty shirt - dirtylicious ( full album ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=db-ho-bael8 ) [ luna amara - somn ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rtnsbsjvjym ) [ coma - chip ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cfmjo4my1zs ) [ an theos - noaptea s\u00e2nzienelor ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q4l7enbvq5y ), 
  interesting , but you forgot to mention the people we hate the most , the gypsies ... 
  i think western europeans are as ignorant about eastern europeans as we are about africans for example ... 
  so you are one of those poles who thinks romanians are gypsies since we look like turks , iranians and arabs according to you ... well i 'm sorry to dissapoint you but we look like our neighbours . 
  you mean the gay community from europe loves us ... 
  the hungarians and gypsies weighted enough to get 10 pcts for hungary but of course they could n't compete with the romanians for the 12 pcts which went to moldova as usual . 
  of course we gave them 10 pcts , we have 3 million hungarians and gypsies in romania ... 
  just the gay folks care about it , the rest are watching it for the laugh . 
  what was his handicap ? 
  serbs never vote for us ... :(, 
  germany and spain ftw !, 
  the battle for first place will be between bulgaria and moldova since they won the semi-finals . 
  is it allowed to vote from us or canada ? 
  all i remember now are those frenchie legs ... 
  the sleep induction ... 
  i 'm not much into hungarian rap, 
  best so far : belarus , moldova and uk, 
  shit ... too late :(, 
  he 's just well proportioned, 
  [ ewejoiefjdrfhuiesfyrfrf ] ( https://img.memesuper.com/7c0940b36af79801a95d6cd2859da0f9_falling-asleep-at-work-meme-memesuper-falling-asleep-meme_630-420.jpeg ), 
  she 's trying so hard ... 
  a gypsy rapping in hungarian ... 
  i 've seen everything now, 
  lol, 
  is it me or all i see there in public are gay folks ? 
  toilet break for me ... 
  it 's a michael bubl\u00e9 song ripoff ... 
  this guy sounds like a michael bubl\u00e9 wannabe ... 
  belarus is the real shit !, 
  gypsies know how to make their presence felt in europe , they chose the best touristic spots in europe where they beg , steal and build huts made of garbage and paper and many of them are from romania , so no wonder the westerners think we invaded them . 
  maybe the british media will give us a slack for a while now ... haha, 
  we do n't need to , they have russia . 
  ireland , the homeland of celtic music and yet you guys send the worst songs usually . 
  i would vote her too ... 
  ireland and san marino were the worst ... 
  do n't worry , we make no discrimination . 
  that was a weird day , romanians were fighting among eachother during the match and after the match the hungarians were fighting with their police and the refugees ... that day romanians and hungarians did n't give a shit about eachother ... lol, 
  i doubt that , everybody knows our special minority ... 
  lol, 
   to my surprise , ukrainians , russians and some countries in the balkans seem to really like the musical cancer known as '' manele '' . 
  and poles , you see only polish comments at that retarded video with sandu ciorba and if you type rumunski on youtube you see monstly manele videos ... lol, 
  swedes keep busting our brains about gypsies , like why we discriminate them , why do n't we integrate them and all that liberal blabbering ... yet they sterilized them not long ago . 
  they are a bunch of fucking hypocrites . 
  to only thing worth seeing in moldova is their women , unless you 're into flat lands and commie blocks as well . 
  does it sound more slavic than romanian to you ? 
  probably that 's because when they bash the romani gypsies , they think they bash the romanians ... 
  i never saw anyone insulting us with something original , they always insult the gypsies instead ... lol . 
  i must say we are quite mysterious , low profile people , europeans do n't know shit about us , i could say the baltics are like us only without a famous indian minority . 
  for the average romanian , communism is synonym for russia ... 
   not liking someone because of the country they are from . 
  oh trust me , we know that feeling very well ... romanians and russians are the most disliked in europe and for us is even worse , they mistake our identity all the time , they think we are either gypsies or some slavic soviet leftovers ...
