  you guys seem really nationalist and quite obsessed with trianon even after almost 100 years ... :d, 
  lol , but you just need a logical thinking , how the fuck can a country be populated only with beggars and thieves , i mean a country of 19 millions populated only with these kind of people would n't even exist , could n't function ... so i might ask , was that norwegian guy retarded or something ? 
  well done belarus !, 
  instead of developing that third world infrastructure with those money ... well done romania !, 
  as you can see it 's happening almost on a daily basis lately , just be patient ... they are just getting started . 
  the evil east europeans ... romanians and serbians , they are the terrorists not the muslim arabs , out with the eastern europeans from germanystan !, 
  refugees welcome !, 
   yes , i 'm british but europeans are still my kin yeah , i saw how much you guys and other westerners love eastern europeans for example ... there 's no such thing as european brotherhood, 
  yeah , he 's not blond with blue eyes and milky skin , definitely not european, 
  from what i noticed in this video , moldavians are good looking people, 
  it was all about immigrants , mostly propaganda against poles , romanians and bulgarians , they hate eastern europeans more than anything else , even more than radical muslims, 
  they survived in scandinavia so canada wo n't be a problem either i suppose, 
  since when do the candians from the english provinces mistake roma with romanians ? 
  you guys read dailymail and thesun a lot i suppose , ignorant just like the brits, 
  they should all sell drugs instead of begging , that way nobody would complain so much about the romanian gypsies, 
  i 'd take jihadists over gypsies at any time , being called terrorist pales in comparation with gypsy imo, 
  hahaha, 
  how many romany words are in romanian ? 
  i hope canada will never eliminate the visas for romania . 
  i do n't want the fucking gypsies to ruin our reputation there also . 
  in western europe , nationality = ethnicity ... so he was swedish most definitely . 
  the brits must be happy , one less eastern european in uk . 
  most of the comments on their news media are something like `` why we have to pay the hospital bill for this eastern european scrounger '', 
  the british newspapers care , they write on a daily basis about eastern europeans . 
  there 's not much to see in moldova , mostly plain fields and commieblocks ... and this waterfall is not that impressive . 
  i think romania has one of the worst reputations in the world , maybe only somalia beats us at it but i 'm not even sure ... lol, 
  i 'm surprised when i see white frenchies these days as well ... 
  well , you got ta admit , it 's funny when the swedes tell us that we 're not treating gypsies right . 
  we should take care of them like you guys did in the 70 's . 
  we should keep our shit under the rug instead of spreading it everywhere . 
  our country needs visas for everywhere in order to keep our scum and gypsies inside . 
  hahaha , good one !, 
  you 're talking like there 's not enough anti-romanian propaganda in the west , all they show in their media is gypsies and gypsy ghettos all the time . 
  that 's one part of the story as well , many western europeans are just ignorant . 
  these kind of romanians represent you in europe so what do you expect ? 
  blame it on the free movement for everybody . 
  there are plenty shithole counties in the south as well ... like teleorman , giurgiu , calarasi , ialomita ... 
  yeah , probably , but the gypsy stereotype is really annoying , you feel like your identity is slowly stolen away and it 's not just because they have a really bad reputation ... 
  i would be equally annoyed if we would be called italians , french , germans or whatever else . 
  that 's what i said , without the gypsies they would n't hate us more than the other eastern europeans and we would be less in that fucked up british media ... 
  it 's an expression , it can mean `` bad joke '' as well ... check dexonline, 
  we have our criminals of course but without gypsies we would n't be more hated than the other eastern europeans and we would be less hunted by the western media . 
  duma means lie in romanian, 
  people hate our gypsies therefore they hate all romanians . . but i ca n't blame them , i would do the same if for example let 's say gypsies from spain or italy would come to romania , i would hate all spaniards or italians . 
  it 's interesting how you poles have an opinion on us , either bad or good , while to us , poland and polish people are unknown , same goes for the baltics ... hell , i think we even had more contact with north korea than with you guys . 
   romania is the most corrupted country in ~ ~ europe ~ ~ the world by far it sounds more dramatic like this . 
  una chemata non riposta , that 's all the italian i remember , used to have italian language on my nokia 5110 ... 
  no , we are only 3 % and the gypsies are 97 % . 
  how about we leave it like that , you are the muslims and we are the gypsy beggars ? 
  depends how many telenovelas were consumed by each individual . 
  it 's not hard to get a visa or emigrate if you 're not a criminal or uneducated . 
  because their citizens are usually just tourists looking to spend some money and secondly they do n't have a gypsy minority who creates havoc in its path . 
  amen to that !, 
  none of these countries were in the soviet union . 
  yes , it 's a beautiful country but we need to keep our gypsies , criminals and uneducated people inside the country somehow and the only way is by having these visa restrictions . 
  my country should have visa restrictions everywhere , including western europe , otherwise how can we keep our criminals and gypsy minority inside the country ? 
  it would be the only way to slowly erase our shit image . 
  now we have a good image in canada and us but that will change if our gypsies and criminals will invade these beautiful countries ... 
  it 's such a fucking shame that my country does n't have visa restrictions everywhere . 
  what poverty ? 
  even the filthy rich gypsies beg or steal somewhere in western europe . 
  the problem is their culture and the only way to solve the gypsy problem is to destroy their culture once and for all . 
  how we can do that ? 
  their children should be taken from them and raised in a normal environment with a civilized culture . 
  the guy is british , what do you expect ... they think we are all brown gypsies, 
   in the usa , he 'd be in a morgue . 
  nothing wrong with putting a criminal out of its misery . 
  fair hair is nothing out of the ordinary in romania and in general romanian women are attracted to brunette guys ... 
  well , maybe when you guys are too busy writing about the bulgarians or some other east europeans , you forget about us for a day or two ... 
  here we go again , your daily news about romania ... https://news.google.com/news/story?ncl=df59kspw5dcrjjmvedpzfaipjljnm&amp;q=romania&amp;lr=english&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewixhbj9yafsahuo_imkhfbfa0mqqgiijzaa, 
  at least we agree on something , i ca n't stand those `` romanians '' either . 
  romanian closer to albanian than to french or spanish ... yeah sure . 
  also dailymail , thesun , themirror ... 
  i think `` the romanian invasion '' was one of the main reasons why they got out of eu , they got brainwashed after those 3-4 years of intense propaganda against us . 
  your media says otherwise . 
  flatter myself ? 
  lol , as far as i 'm concerned i wish you guys never knew we existed . 
  i bet that if i check an english newspaper right now i 'll find some shitty news about us , every day you guys post something bad about romania ... it 's pure obsession . 
  ca n't stand them since they began their disgusting anti-romanian propaganda . 
  their media is obsessed with romania . 
  first world problems ... 
   [ the art of desenrascan\u00e7o ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ma2nntt.jpg ) haha , this one is a classic !, 
  i 'm not , anything is better than having your identity denied by being mistaken with another ethnicity . 
  more like thanks to the romanian diaspora from there , those 5 romanians lost in iceland ... :d, 
  they should ban the entire british media . 
  romania [ michael the brave ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0066078/ ) [ the dacians ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0060482/ ), 
  they are bulgarians or it 's just the romanian diaspora from there like in all other european countries ? 
  lol , romanian police stealing cars in denmark , this is worse than the british media ... ahahahaha . 
  what 's wrong with you western europeans ? 
  why do you invent such lies ? 
  since when do we have the gypsy stereotype in murica ? 
  you must be some western european immigrant or some murican that follows the british media ... am i right ? 
  not gon na happen , europe was never united and never will be . 
  it 's not a possibility , it 's a fact . 
  i thought it would be romanians and bulgarians ... since 20 + millions invaded uk already . 
  the english coat of arms has some french words on it ... they really love the frenchies apparently . 
  soon ... btw , the british newspapers wrote a few months ago that some romanian birds are flying over uk ... top notch dailymail & co article . 
  pretty much , it 's all about the cheap labour, 
  [ where ? 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xlgr1sm.png ) all i get is this beautiful [ finish girl ] ( https://i.redd.it/w3l0fv0f6d8y.jpg ) .
