  yeah , indeed . 
  what did the taxi driver say after the romanians and gypsies difference speech ? 
  that moment when the americans know about the difference between romanians and gypsies and europeans do n't ... lol, 
  they should reach higher , being mistaken with western europeans should be their ultimate goal ... 
  i wonder how gypsies feel about this stereotype , that they are those poor eastern europeans called romanians . 
  lol , are you serious ? 
  you do n't need it considering the criminality in oas is very low and in romania in general , except vaslui of course where you should carry a machete instead of a knife ... haha, 
  the worst from western europe , yes . 
  lol, 
  2073 romexit happens after the uk beggars invasion, 
  as long as they do n't allow the gypsies , uneducated romanians and romanian criminals in ... 
  i 'm happy . 
  oh that 's nothing , in romania they steal even [ train tracks ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-frqqheywqy ), 
  there will be no moose after gypsies get there ... just ask the austrians from vienna how they feel without swans ... 
  holy fuck , all my life was a lie , i had no idea that the women are carrying knifes as well ... never heard about it in negresti-oas or vama , maybe in certeze , turt , gherta , huta , bixad , where the real oseni are ... :d, 
  lol sau mai bine zis un osan traditionalist ? 
  haha, 
  damn , i do n't really get the question , you mean as who is that person and give you a name ? 
  ask me something that only someone from oas would know ... :d, 
  hahaha , so you do n't believe that i 'm from oas , what gives me away ? 
   edit3 : naaa , you 're from negre\u015fti or from satu !, 
  negresti ? 
  no thank you , i 'm not from vaslui ... :p lol negresti-oas ... yes i 'm not offended by being called anti-romanian ... haha . . do you find the people from oas as being very nationalist ? 
  hahaha , do n't worry neighbour , i wo n't . 
  i 'm surprised to find someone from oas on reddit tbh ... 
  of course i live somewhere in oas , how would i know about vama and its big hungarian community otherwise ? 
  :d ... in certeze , bixad and racsa there are no hungarians , those are quite homogeneous villages ... 
  oh wow , so that 's either certeze in the north or racsa in the south ... or something inbetween like bixad or vama ... :d why not ? 
  we are on / r/europe  i would go with vama , since there are many hungarians ... , 
  ah lol , sorry , i read country instead of county ... that means we live quite close , maybe we are neighbours ... lol, 
  so you live somewhere in bucovina ? 
  and you are hungarian ? 
  of course , it 's not about their skin colour or facial traits , it 's about their cancerous culture ... 
  i 'm quite a mix tbh , on my mother side , i have a hungarian grandmother and polish grandfather and on my father side , romanian grandmother and greek grandfather ... lol ... i live in a city from satu-mare , yes . 
  no , it 's a very wrong move , canada and us should never remove visas for my country . 
  actually , i 'm from satu-mare ... tbh i wish i was born somewhere else where my nationality would n't be mistaken with such a disgusting ethnicity such as gypsies . 
  i usually say i 'm transylvanian , no name similarity with roma ... lol, 
  there 's nothing we can do , except avoiding telling foreigners our nationality so they wo n't mistake us with gypos ... 
  they start to cry and ask to be returned if they somehow get lost and end up in romania ... so being in the middle of the action means jackshit to us . 
  hahaha !, 
  well , you can if you obtain the visa . 
  i 'm sorry but the truth is our country needs some sort of filter for who gets out of the country , and it should be applied for everywhere else not just for canada ... as long as we have this gorgeous ethnic minority and many uneducated people in the rural environment . 
  you can emigrate or obtain a visa there just like many other normal and educated romanians who did it . 
  there might be serious or not serious criminals in canada but not many , the media is not running stories about romanian criminals or gypsies every day like in europe . 
  why do you think is that ? 
  visa restrictions !, 
  fuck no !, 
  canadians , do n't be retarded and leave the visa restrictions as they are !, 
  you guys joke about it , but those romanians who are living in canada will have to suffer because of this retarded visa elimination after all the gypsies and romanian criminals will invade canada ... we will have the same disgusting reputation just like in europe . 
   only beaten by the romanians with this occasion , i would like to give my special thanks to our beautiful ethnic minority who brings such a great contribution to this danish top . 
  proud to share the same nationality with them as always . 
  i was never afraid to show my atheism , i even told my mother when she was on her death bed that i 'm not gon na pray for her since i do n't believe in this mumbo jumbo religion shit ... 
  i thought it 's his son, 
  nice try, 
  i do n't get why i 'm downvoted , why the romanians from reddit like to deny the fact that gypsies are breeding like rabits ? 
  you guys still think the gypsy population is 620k ? 
  i bet it 's double , not all of them declare their ethnicity . 
  it looks arabic to me with all the il , it and is in front, 
  you 're western european or murican ? 
   canada does n't introduce visa-free travel for eu because of bulgaria and romania . 
  and i hope it stays like that forever , at least for my country ... 
  or moldova for romania, 
  amen to that brother !, 
  so practically the difference between montenegrins and serbians it 's like the difference between transylvanians , moldavians and wallachians ... 
  yeah , for brits , eastern europeans = evil, 
   fuck no , i want no union amen to that !, 
  what statistics ? 
  lol !, 
  i had no idea you brits know the difference between ethnicity and nationality ... according to your media it does n't seem so , no offence !, 
  the orphanages were another gypsy contribution to our image ... it 's weird how a minority of 5 % can destroy your image that bad, 
  well , you might think that because the gypsies are visible , they are indian looking , dressed like hobos , begging in the most crowded places , while romanians are just like the other europeans , they blend in ... 
  most women are materialistic these days , not just the romanian ones ... :d, 
  good luck !, 
  i would like to see the one for uk , can you share the link with us ? 
  there 's no need to add our country in these kind of polls anymore , it 's 100 % hate anyway . 
  well maybe the greek gypsies are integrated there but ours are worse than anything else , therefore the exchange i had in my mind ... 
  where are you from ? 
  i would exchange 2 million gypsies with 2 million refugees including terrorists . 
  good news !, 
  that 's your opinion . 
  even so , i would still prefer a world without guns . 
  a world without guns would be a better world . 
  commie flats ftw !, 
  it gives me a brazil vibe ... 
  albanians are just depigmented iranians . 
  nobody said they are stupid , just that their geography knowledge is not that exceptional . 
  i bet most americans do n't even know where albania is or in worst case what albania is . 
  i saw many people claiming on reddit that they are very white , like an island of white people in asia so it was just a sarcastic stupid joke , lol . 
  iranians look like their neighbours , a mix of arabs , pakistani & indians , turks and people from caucasus ... therefore not that white . 
  iranians are ubermensch aryans , the whitest nation ... therefore whiter than albanians . 
  give me some examples of gypsy influence on the culture and traditions of transylvania and also on other historical regions from hungary , slovakia where there 's a big gypsy minority . 
   oh yeah , transylvania and croatia are practically vienna , lol . 
  why did you post that stupid gypsy song for transylvania ? 
  it has nothing to do with the culture and tradition of the region . 
  we could as well post some gypsy songs from hungary or slovakia and say the same thing ... 
  lol, 
  so why is the british media shitting on the eastern europeans ? 
  especially on romanians , on a daily basis . 
  if i look on dailymail right now , i bet i 'll find a story about some romanian gypsies or something ... 
  are you sure ?
