  third , ukraine is playing a balancing act between the eu and russia - they 're not siding with either one , and to tell you the truth it 's unlikely they 'll end up with the eu . 
  regardless , as we 've seen - that has n't exactly worked . 
  just look at romania , hungary and ( as you 've quoted ) slovakias treatment of the roma . 
  the west is bad enough when it comes to treatment of the roma . 
  what this article is calling for is a less culturally superior and condescending tone . 
  second , western pressure does n't necessarily work ( i 'm pretty sure some kind of regression analyses have been run in the past that support this , i vaguely recall reading something like that ) . 
  no one is saying ignore the bad things that do happen in these countries . 
  what we 're saying is do n't generalize to the whole population , and do n't act culturally superior - western europe has enough of it 's own societal problems , take it from me as an outsider . 
  yes , these countries have some problems - they went through 50 years of communism for christ 's sake , that 'd fuck any place up , so we should be patient and supportive without being condescending until they begin to catch up . 
  societally , and economically . 
  i 'm not even sure you read the article , to tell you the truth . 
  this is a stupid comment . 
  i do n't disagree with you that the tendency is there , i just disagree that it will be the norm to the extent that it would be two countries voters just voting on a national basis and controlling the union that way . 
  sure , to begin with i expect most parties to be broadly based on national lines , but give it 10-15 years after political union and the various coalitions/mergers that occur between parties and we might see something completely different . 
  you 're assuming that people will vote based on national , rather than ideological , grounds . 
  it does n't bother you that this is the fourth most upvoted submission of all time in / r/europe compared to the many articles we normally get of substance here ? 
  living here the last three years . 
  with an inclination to stay permanently . 
  really ? 
  i 've been seeing more and more of these pop up . 
  i 'd say there 's a difference between a content submission and a comment . 
  but if people want to see / r/europe become another pics subreddit where simple pictures get upvoted more than quality articles , then please , be my guests . 
  in less than an hour , this submission has more upvotes than most good articles do in 24 . 
  this does n't really contribute anything of substance , so i 'm going to downvote . 
  the more you know !, 
  cheers !, 
  he offered to come in for questioning , they said they did n't need to speak to him , he flew to the uk . 
  while in the uk , they asked him to fly over to speak to them , he asked if they could have a teleconference instead ( something that is frequently allowed ) , and they refused . 
  to someone whose job is to piss of governments , that 's a scary prospect . 
  one of the reasons erasmus is so great , if the eu lives long enough for the dividends to pay off ... hundreds of thousands of educated europeans experiencing that people in europe really are n't that different from one another . 
  also , getting ridiculously drunk and shagging a lot . 
  most people save for retirement in mutual funds . 
  this means the people playing with that money count as ` wealthy ' . 
  oh c'mon , it 's france - you think such a law would work ? 
  hardly , considering the missile shield barely works - it 's made for stopping the odd nuclear missile or two , not a blanket nuclear carpet bombing of icbms, 
  very good summary and very insightful post , cheers . 
  disagree . 
  there needed to be some bar ah reform in a country that employed and gave such huge benefits to such a large public sector . 
  this was the only way there would have been the political will in greece to do it . 
  the baltics did this voluntarily , there was no way the greeks would have . 
  tell that to the doha round ... further , it 's been proven that bigger economies get far greater advantage at the expense of smaller economies when it comes to international trade negotiation . 
  what you 're thinking about is a neoliberal utopia . 
  yes , it 's been proved that a penis can get erect just as a result of stimulation , there does n't have to be a mental component, 
  the eu is a threat to sovereignty . 
  in that , you voluntarily give some up to get a greater benefit than what keeping it would have been . 
  this is such an american topic . 
  people never seem to understand this . 
  i was arguing with some swedish eurosceptic on reddit who claimed that `` no one in europe would care bout the swedish voice ! '', 
  without realizing that it would n't be about a swedish voice , it would be about individual european voices . 
  of course , they did n't respond . 
  the entire three part movie is hilarious , i very much recommend it !, 
  my views apparently coincided with centerpartiet and folkpartiet , but my closest ` match ' was pirate party at 80 %, 
  yes , which is what he 's pointing out about what you wrote . 
  he 's saying we do have a broadly european cultural identity , which is different than - say - japans . 
  cheers !, 
  wait , where ? 
  i feel though that since so many people in europe do have a ` european ' identity that has a higher place than their national identity , as opposed to in the past , that this is the trend for the future . 
  except for in the uk , of course , as you guys hate anything ` continental ' :p, 
  swedish is easy as shit for any germanic-language speaking person ( including english ), 
  i only referred to you as a complete and utter moron if you vote along those lines , otherwise it was a general statement . 
  if you vote for some kind of arbitrary lines in the sand over that of ideas and issues , you are one . 
  i can only assume that you misunderstood because you 're not a native english speaker . 
  in that case it would n't be about 9million swedes , it would be about 9million europeans . 
  only complete and utter morons vote purely on linguistic/nationalistic lines . 
  asshole is american spelling , arsehole is british . 
  i 'm currently studying with some estonian girls . 
  they do n't like estonian men because the men tend to assume that there will be the ` traditional gender roles ' in the relationship where women cook , clean and so forth . 
  alleviating poverty in other countries and promoting their economies is in our interest . 
  both morally , and in more concrete terms . 
  poverty has been linked with drug smuggling , illegal immigration , terrorism , extremism , pandemics and any number of other societal ills . 
  furthermore , propping up inefficient local industries results in a misallocation of labour and capital that will harm the eu in the long run . 
  parent with citizenship . 
  define ` your own ' . 
  your town ? 
  your state ? 
  your country ? 
  your continent ? 
  your planet ? 
  you 're happy to disadvantage another human being because of some arbitrary line in the sand and a few minor regional differences ? 
  an australian who has been living in europe for the past 3 years and has eu citizenship . 
  i found the british one with kenneth brannagh better . 
  deliberate distortion of trade to the benefit of local producers over foreign is by definition protectionism . 
  just because marketing does it , does n't mean it does n't draw on protectionist sentiment . 
  it 's a pretty established part of economic and sociological theory . 
  take care . 
  a fairer market is a more efficient market is a more equitable global order is the alleviation of poverty and other societal ills is a happier consumer . 
  melbourne ( my city ) has the third largest greek speaking population in the world after after athens and thessaloniki . 
  if you have skills that are needed in australia , it 's very easy to get in . 
  i 'd recommend you read [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/australia/comments/hijrg/want_to_move_to_australia_great/ ) for more info . 
  i 'm living in europe currently though , so i do n't know what the situation is like back home right now, 
  what you have written is incorrect . 
  is is the deliberate distortion of trade to the benefit of local producers over foreign . 
  that is what a ` buy local ' campaign is . 
  ` buy local ' campaigns also count as protectionism . 
  these hipsters and their dumpster diving and starving themselves to lose weight ... tsk tsk . 
  came here to say this . 
  ` buying local ' for protectionist purposes is just taking money out of poor developing countries peoples hands so that a producer can buy a trip to greece for the holidays . 
  yes , but my point is that they 're only against the euro whilst it looks unstable . 
  in the good years , the vote is near 50 % . 
  were confidence in the euro to return ( such as as a result of the erf ) , then i imagine the numbers would be closer to 2003 numbers than the ones that we have now .
