  dude , that was an entirely different time then . 
  if it was relegated to national ministries , all of a sudden each country would begin competing against eachother meaning gradually increasing subsidization in each country . 
  then it would n't be the most efficient producers that win out in the end , but the ones most willing to spend money on agriculture . 
  this would be bad for europe as a whole , let alone for the individual countries . 
  what a load of crap . 
  also , too many people use cars irresponsibly these days anyway ( driving 500m down the road to buy cigarettes or whatever ) . 
  way to fight that global warming shit . 
  i 'm not even going to bother with this one . 
  not to mention if the cap was relegated to national governments again , each would probably end up spending more than what they put into the cap . 
  and furthermore , is that adjusted for ppp ? 
  as usual , farage boils things down to overly simplistic ideas , comes to a ridiculously flawed conclusion as a result of those simplifications ( but it sounds good to his less discerning ukip supporters , so it 's ok ) and then says the eu is bad . 
  pretty stock standard stuff from farage . 
  in such complex engineering matters , there are always faults . 
  you just have to look through history at military procurement to see that half the shit they paid for didnt work from the start . 
  the germans are n't morally wrong , thats just the nature of such things . 
  the guy does n't know what he 's talking about , as with most things he posts about in here . 
  this is the same kind of fear mongering garbage you read in the comment sections of british newspapers . 
  he does n't seem to understand that government bonds are n't a singular entity , they 're a collection of differently times bonds with different interest rates . 
  have you heard their accents when they speak english ? 
  the answer to your question is * obviously *, 
  iirc , some mid-east company bought it and is under contract to rebuild it . 
  the fine for not starting construction doubles every year , and there 's currently a court case between the city and the company where the company claims the city is preventing the company from restoring it . 
  anyway , they started building the building as a testament to the glories of communism or some such until they ran out of money for it in the 70s . 
  this is what i recall from my time studying in krakow . 
  krakow , in poland . 
  everyone under 40 speaks english , the food and culture of the city is fantastic . 
  it tends to not be that cold even in winter , though of course you get a few -15 days sometimes , but nothing beats it . 
  also , the airport has cheap flights to london . 
  i was expecting the media to get tired of it for a bit until the election . 
  you 're gon na love the next two years !, 
  no , maybe it 's more because she feels she 's the best person for running the country , civic duty , et cetera ? 
  it 's not a choice between money or power . 
  she 's doing one of the most stressful , demanding , and out-there jobs in the world only because she wants power . 
  yep , totally makes sense . 
  there is no perfectly right . 
  the entire point is that it 's a process , not an end state . 
  things change in the world constantly , and a well functioning bureaucracy is one that can easily adapt to changing situations . 
  thus , if the payment and numbers that they have currently is what is needed for that , and the cost is n't excessive , then i see no problem with the current way of things . 
  it 's amazing how many people on here do n't understand how international agreements work . 
  first the outcry how the eu was evil for warning of sanctions against norway for not sticking to the agreement , now this . 
  the medium shapes the message . 
  could you please explain why ? 
  i never indicated it had anything to do with corruption , it was more of your ` i 'm ok with those i disagree with ' when they 're xenophobic , intimidating arseholes ' . 
  do you really think the amount of immigrants that sweden takes in is the biggest issue in sweden ? 
  did n't one of the head honchos of sd have to step down because some of his goons were walking around with iron bats wanting to hit people and abusing girls just recently ? 
  yeah , those dansk folkparti and sverigedemokraterna guys are absolute angels . 
  it is not discriminating , sweden gets what it wants in lieu of some cap funds , and ` france ' gets cap funds in lieu of what sweden wants . 
  eh , in this case i was wrong so you have my apologies . 
  sweden can * give up * some of its cap payments in favour to france and * gain * in another area of negotiation such as trade liberalization in other areas . 
  so fuck you for misconstruing what i 've written you sweet little swede . 
  that 's not what i damn well said and you know it . 
  it 's a simple quid pro quo . 
  i 'm not responding to any of the other crap you wrote . 
  because often in such all encompassing negotiations as the lisbon treaty , one country will give up an advantage to gain an advantage in another area . 
  it just does n't fit international relations theory for sweden to get bullied around by someone they do n't expect to invade or sanction them . 
  yes , but the comments he was referring to were those that did n't understand the nature of why the eu would impose sanctions you dolt . 
  you are still the one that randomly brought up the uk out of nowhere . 
  you hate me ? 
  but we had such a nice discussion the other day !, 
  yes , but not * in this thread * until you brought it up . 
  this i understand , but it was simply impossible for , say , greece , to keep spending as it was - the interest on the bonds was simply too high , they 'd never have been able to dig themselves out of it if they continued like that . 
  not if spending more beyond the ` austerity ' measures raises your debt and interest rates to unsustainable levels . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  you 're the one that brought up the idea of this being a ` lesson to the uk ' . 
  no one in this thread even brought up the uk until you jumped in . 
  charming . 
  switzerland and norway subsidize their their agricultural sectors to a ridiculous degree , something like 60 % of gross agricultural receipts for both come from subsidization . 
  the eu , on the other hand , has 18 % , below the oecd average and barely higher than canadas . 
  the cap does n't need reform , it needs refinement . 
  the only way germany could stop them is by invading . 
  hence , they are allowed to . 
  / u/neoliberal 's discourse definitely has a lot of shortcomings . 
  uff the guy was apparently a british headmaster . 
  i 'd hate to think of the influence he had on his students . 
  of course they 're allowed to . 
  they 're sovereign states . 
  do n't be a moron . 
  yeah , because in 2008 when there was a shortage of staple cereals , prices did n't jump over 100 % causing rioting in many poorer countries ... which led richer countries to impose export bans to try and keep their prices lower . 
  and such situations totally are n't going to get worse as climate change takes more of a hold . 
  or that population levels are expected to jump another 2 billion in the next 30 years . 
  but whatever , stick to your dogmas . 
  i 'm done playing with you , kitten . 
  oh , sorry , yes , it 's much , much , much better to base your understanding of a policy based off of sound bites and short quotes in newspaper articles , than to actually study something . 
  forgive me for actually being educated about the subject and trying to inform the unwashed masses . 
  it was worthwhile on my eurail pass !, 
  if your elected representatives agreed to the structure that led to this , then it is definitely democratically chosen . 
  if you disagree , then consequently you must agree that every time a government introduces a bill there must be a referendum . 
  these are the only logical and rational outcomes . 
  if , as you said , you intend to boycott , then the fault lies with your national level democratic policies , and not with the eu . 
  either you have a representative democracy where they chose to vote for the various eu treaties , or you believe there 's anarchy . 
  you always had a choice . 
  the council of ministers is known to be running under a ` culture of consensus ' , the parliament less so . 
   they have n't asked all the other countries . 
  there are 25 countries , in theory , set to join the euro . 
  we have n't been asked , poland has n't etc. 
  we agreed to the rules 123 and 125 - not to anything else . 
  riksdagen has not voted about it . 
  i 'm pretty sure that if consensus amongst the eurozone countries is that it 's legal , then it is legal . 
  under what sort of consideration could sweden ( or poland or lithuania or whoever ) contest its legality ? 
  and even if they did , they 'd be one voice against the rest of the eurozone .
