   incidentally , you know what the most efficient means of transportation is that we know ? 
  the bicycle . 
  funny how most advanced does n't always mean more useful . 
  when a bicycle can transport 10 tons of fresh produce from a rural farm , to the inner city , let me know . 
   ending fuel poverty by restricting gas and oil  protecting pensions by keeping it a state liability , rather than going into a scheme like australia 's [ superannuation scheme ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/23nymf/poland_calls_for_eu_energy_union_akin_to_its/cgz0y2a ) which forces employers to put contributations into a fund for the employees retirement . 
   increasing higher education and science funding by wanting to remove funding for iter , the experimental nuclear fusion plant that 's going to be the most advanced synthesis of science and engineering on the planet . 
  go greens !, 
  for his reasoning , see [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/23nymf/poland_calls_for_eu_energy_union_akin_to_its/cgz0y2a ) . 
  the green party is against fucking everything . 
  a tremendous amount of coal seam gas , which is also extracted using horizontal hydraulic fracking . 
  and yeah , there 's currently a massive boom being experienced . 
  we 're set to become , if not the largest , then one of the largest exporters of lng within two or three years as our lng production has increased about fourfold in recent years and there are a number of other lng export terminals that have almost finished construction . 
  [ molvania ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n2kzjuyc9gq ) but too bad they were disqualified . 
  which aspects do you find are n't environmentally friendly , that are n't present in conventional oil and gas extraction ? 
  you 're a nut . 
  a think tank does not inherently imply that it spouts us-government propaganda and of course they work there . 
  they 've retired from their military posts and want to continue working , the government did n't order them there to write us propaganda , nor do they always agree with the us government line . 
  you think all think tanks are propaganda generators on the same level as the kremlin ? 
  yeah , but they said they were pretty much at capacity as well. , and that they were likely to export less in the future . 
  / r/europeans ? 
  there 's not much discussion there , but when there is it 's generally high quality , and all the articles are top notch . 
  ww2 era land swaps ? 
  come on guys , how about just respecting self determination, 
  they 're pretty much at capacity , last year was meant to be a bit of a peak year . 
  norway overtook russia last year as largest supplier of gas to the eu . 
   the companies that hold the shale gas technology are american and the exact details of the technology are secret there are many non-american companies that have shale gas technology . 
  [ here is the link ] ( http://www.foreignaffairs.com/articles/141023/brenda-shaffer/pipeline-problems )  it should not be surprising that the southern gas corridor has caught moscow 's ire . 
  russian-run gazprom is attempting to buy up gas transit and transmission infrastructure along the pipeline route to try to undermine the project . 
  even more insidious , it has paid environmental movements to try to stymie construction with environmental claims . 
  this is not the first time that gazprom has used bogus environmental movements to promote its interests . 
  it has also funded anti-fracking campaigns in europe , including in ukraine and bulgaria , to slow europe 's development of local gas supplies . 
  if public watchdogs in europe do not monitor and publicize russia 's manipulation of environmental causes , distinguishing its claims from those of legitimate environmental organizations , it will find itself increasingly dependent on russian gas imports . 
  [ here is the link ] ( http://www.foreignaffairs.com/articles/141023/brenda-shaffer/pipeline-problems )  it should not be surprising that the southern gas corridor has caught moscow 's ire . 
  russian-run gazprom is attempting to buy up gas transit and transmission infrastructure along the pipeline route to try to undermine the project . 
  even more insidious , it has paid environmental movements to try to stymie construction with environmental claims . 
  this is not the first time that gazprom has used bogus environmental movements to promote its interests . 
  it has also funded anti-fracking campaigns in europe , including in ukraine and bulgaria , to slow europe 's development of local gas supplies . 
  if public watchdogs in europe do not monitor and publicize russia 's manipulation of environmental causes , distinguishing its claims from those of legitimate environmental organizations , it will find itself increasingly dependent on russian gas imports . 
  jeez , sorry , fuck , given how anti-fracking people are it 's hard to know who 's serious and who is n't . 
  he does n't want to protect the environment , he wants to protect the russian energy market . 
  the kremlin has been linked to anti fracking groups . 
  there was an article in foreign policy about two months ago, 
  read it while i was learning swedish , loved it . 
  really great book , and quite easy to read for a learner . 
  i think they 're also releasing a movie of it soon ? 
  if there 's one thing the kremlin surprisingly spends an effort on , it 's manipulating public opinion in democratic countries . 
  i mean , there are already strong indications that the kremlin finances a lot of anti-fracking groups and now this . 
  it depends on the kinds of sanctions . 
  if you mean a full on trade embargo then yeah , it hits the populace . 
  but if they 're sanctions targeted at key supporters of the regime , it can bring about change . 
  as someone here on western salary , it 's a pretty good life . 
  every year we sacrifice to the gods , so that the blessed eurovision will grace our tv screens on sbs . 
  norwegian eh ? 
  pump more gas and oil !, 
  europe already gets gas from northern africa , and is trying to increase supplies from there . 
  russian gas usage has dropped from 40 % of eu total a decade ago , to just under 30 % now . 
  i know plenty about the subject , and i disagree with you - hence why i wanted you to list some . 
  but seeing as you ca n't ... 
  so basically `` i ca n't substantiate my claims because i was talking out of my arse '' ? 
  that 's not an answer to my question . 
  as to the eea , i assumed you were referring to the european economic area which is what most people here refer to when they say eea . 
   as to our bureaucracy , it is n't our bureaucracy which has paralyzed us but our leadership . 
  we should prioritize our problems . 
  could n't have said it better myself . 
  slovenia was part of former yugoslavia . 
  when most people think of the balkans they think of former yugoslavia . 
  i know it 's incorrect , but there you go . 
  well , that 's settled it . 
  go on , list the replicated instutions and what powers the eea has to stop cross-country pollution ( and some instances where they should have implemented this power ), 
  i do n't live in sweden any more :(, 
  sorry , what ? 
  what did i do ? 
  jesus dude , calm down . 
  do n't bother arguing with / u/llanita . 
  she takes the most extreme misconstruation of your statement and argues against that . 
  and in all future conversations , she 'll bring up her fucked up version . 
  case in point , a few months ago i said i did n't think that putting up the names of people fingered in an antifa expose on a newspaper was illegal ( a legal opinion , not a moral opinion ) . 
  to this day she says that i ` support terrorism in sweden ' , because following that one of the politicians named had a firecracker , or some such , put through their mailbox . 
  these days , i do n't even bother responding to her . 
  she has said in the past that she 's just here to stir up shit , and has been banned from / r/europe on her previous account ( / u/salvaxe ) edit : typo, 
  it 's why i say bring on the aliens !, 
  the effect that diversification would have is that eu countries would no longer have to have uncertain long term contracts with russia . 
  at the moment , gas contracts with russia contain a ` no-resale ' clause , meaning that if germany 's storage tanks were full and they were n't using gas fast enough , they would be unable to resell the gas to france or wherever . 
  but since they have a contract with gazprom over a certain amount needing to be delivered per month , this means that germany pays a steep penalty on the gas they did n't receive . 
  diversification ( particularly through lng ) would allow countries to lowball how much gas they import from russia , meaning no excess imports , and hence cheaper prices . 
  if they underestimated how much gas they would need from russia , they could make up the shortfall through other sources . 
  unrelated to the story , but i do n't know if max is the greatest fast food chain on the planet , or some swedes kidnapped and beat me until i started loving it . 
  i would kill for some chilli-cheese with green and garlic dip right now . 
  russia is n't going to dictate a price the eu is unwilling to pay . 
  they need european money more than europe needs russian gas . 
  20 % of russian state revenue comes just from gazprom , of which the majority of that comes from the eu . 
  russia is already pretty much bankrupt , they spend massive amounts on prestige projects ( sochi , a bridge in the far east to a town of about 50,000 people that cost ~ 5 billion euros , military modernization , etc ) . 
  simply put , russia is dependent on the eu . 
  regardless , i do n't think you understand the current state of gas in europe . 
  less than a decade ago , russia accounted for over 40 % of eu gas . 
  these days it 's 30 % or just a little under . 
  there is a great deal of money being invested into alternative gas sources , such as an lng import terminal in poland that will cover 50 % of polish gas need , or two different baltic projects . 
  the gas crises beginning in 2005 already made the eu decide to look away from russian gas , so it 's not as if this is a recent trend . 
  russian gas usage has already dropped in the last decade from over 40 % of the eu total , to around 30 % . 
  the new lng terminals will just make that easier , but europe should also reconsider many of its moratoriums on fracking as well .
