  if you were smart , you 'd stop bringing up the wine subsidies as it just makes you look like a downright moron when i correct you again . 
  do n't bother arguing with the guy , he 's a neanderthal libertarian that [ thinks women should n't even have gotten the right to vote . 
  it 's the interpretation of the majority of the international community , including the eu 's independent report on the subject . 
  i always wondered how melbourne ended up with some of the shittest bouncers in the world ( usually a death or two every year at least from overzealous ` bouncing ' ) , this would explain it !, 
  well , no , i do n't think he should be the next president just because he 's a good speaker , at least not as someone that does n't understand the value of political and democratic processes which he explicitly rejected in his speech . 
  but it was a good speech and he seems to be a good leader . 
  she 's in a position to offer it only in the respect of political support and support in new eu negotiations over this . 
  nope , i 'm quite certain i never argued that . 
  feel free to check out my post history if you want . 
  i recall you saying you 'd blocked me , as it made browsing reddit much more pleasant . 
  what happened to that ? 
  and no , that was n't my prediction . 
  is antifa an international organization ? 
  i recall when the whole ` people posting racist things online getting exposed in the media ' thing in sweden happened , the information was originally passed on to the newspapers by a group called antifa as well . 
  more opt-outs ? 
  nice to see that people are willing to let the uk continue to have it 's place as first among equals . 
  a really fantastic australian tv show called ` rake ' that 's currently in the middle of it 's third season . 
  really , i can not recommend it enough . 
  it 's recently been remade for an american audience , but the australian version is infinitely better than the american . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0vh2vjnupki ) . 
  very happy about this . 
  a show trial in ukraine would 've just laid the foundations for the same kind of circumstances to repeat themselves . 
  this is a very responsible step that shows that euromaidan might not just be another bullshit revolution where nothing changes , but where there 's actually a commitment to improve the situation . 
  horrendously shitty article . 
  if that 's the level that master degrees are in moscow , it 's no wonder the country is in the state that it 's in . 
  great , now we 've both saved a great deal of time . 
  / u/paludosa and / u/trucidator are the only out-and-out ukipers i find myself regularly upvoting . 
  / u/paludosa is very polite in discussion and is willing to try and get to the bottom of issues , something that 's kind of difficult to find based on my experience with ukipers , whilst / u/trucidator seems to be intelligent and does n't make stupid arguments ( ala / u/wobblewagon who seems to even follow ukips retarded climate change policy ) . 
  if the majority of ukipers were like them , the party could actually be respectable ( albeit i 'd still disagree with them politically ) . 
  just checked your post history . 
  i see you 're one of the gun nuts , so we have nothing to really discuss . 
  good day !, 
  if protestors are shooting at police , it makes it that much easier to justify bringing in heavier forces ( ie the military ) , or arming all your police and telling them to shoot back . 
  either way , the death toll in this protest would have been in the thousands had guns been widespread amongst euro maidan . 
  it 's clear yanukovych had no plans to surrender . 
  i thought we 'd established that months ago , but happy for the confirmation . 
  has always been ethnically russian ? 
  are you mad ? 
  edit : read the rest of your post . 
  yep , you are . 
  yep . 
  that said , thanks to being an island with strong border control , it 's hard to traffic people into australia . 
  certainly , it 's a considerably smaller problem than in europe . 
  mate , next time you 're having a party feel free to burn an australian flag . 
  it 's just a piece of fabric with whatever symbol or meaning you 've attached to it , and i 'd prefer you 'd burn symbols of australia than australian people or property . 
  good point . 
  you 're getting very strongly into the nature vs nurture debate here . 
  the people i 've met from russia have been pretty cool and friendly . 
  what a load of crap . 
  chopping hands off of people is barbaric . 
  having indefinite extra judicial detention is barbaric . 
  burning a flag is not . 
  burning a flag is a barbaric practice ? 
  what kind of crazy hyper-patriotic/nationalistic world do you live in ? 
  mate , i clearly clearly linked that , with a specific kind of argument that i 've seen spouted by ukipers . 
  the country with the most commonly spoken language , and the country with the strongest economy ? 
  i mean , i 'm not arguing with you , but at least think through your arguments . 
  nowhere did i state that the entire uk was like that , in fact i very explicitly stated that this is a view i find common in ukipers - i did n't mention anyone else . 
  no , as i said , i see it primarily from ukip supporters . 
  not that the uk still has an empire , but that the uk has n't * gotten over * the empire . 
  i mean , i mentioned this specifically in my post with respect to arguments i hear from ukipers that they 'll just sign a big free trade deal with commonwealth countries ... as if the commonwealth countries would happily jump at the chance to suck at the mother country 's teat again . 
   but the whole idea about needing to ` accept the empire is gone ' is just ridiculous . 
  i find that so many of the people that support ukip ( the kind of people that would also fall for the welfare tourism bullshit ) , are those that think countries such as canada , australia and nz are just dying to get into a new commonwealth trade agreement , as if those countries have n't spent at least the last 70 years reorienting their trade away from europe , and the uk in particular . 
  in that sense , at least , they hold considerably more affinity for ` the empire ' than you 're average joe , and certainly more so that those from the colonies . 
  you 've managed to piss off the xenophobes and the brits in the same paragraph ( and one i agree with wholeheartedly at that ) . 
  i 'd be very interested in seeing whether there are similar numbers between the belief that their voice does n't count in the eu , and the belief that their voice does n't count nationally edit : jeez , when talking about hypocrisy one need only look at the eurosceptic that downvoted me . 
  / u/cyridius 's complaint ( and mine , which i made in the submission mentioned [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1yj1qc/danish_pm_says_denmark_should_join_the_euro_and/cfl602q ) by / u/alexthexander ) , is n't to do with negativity towards the eu . 
  it 's to do with how poorly constructed the arguments against it are . 
  they 're usually empty rhetoric , poor parroting of talking points , or misleading/misunderstood statistics . 
  if someone makes a good argument against the eu , i 'll happily upvote it ( as i have to / u/wobblewagon on occasion , someone who seems to live their life to spread his anti-eu message ) . 
  i think inclol 's chief complaint is that it 's someone from the ` east ' , and not from a rich country who would be must more acceptable . 
   this really depends actually . 
  when i first joined this sub , that was also my perception . 
  though more recently my experience is that sometimes my eusceptic opinions get lots of upvotes . 
  yep . 
  you 're at +11 for me . 
  if someone makes a good argument , i 'll upvote it . 
  if their argument is based on faulty knowledge or outright lies , crappy rhetoric , or what-have-you , it gets downvoted . 
  i think this thread says more about the kind of posts the op makes , than about the the tyranny of euphiles . 
  though as mentioned elsewhere in this thread , there seem to be days dominated by eusceptics and days dominated by euphiles , and voting patterns change accordingly . 
  i did n't say better than us because your flair was american , i said better than us because you thought ( wrongly ) differently . 
  i have n't seen anybody suggest that . 
  what i have seen , is the very strong argument that the association agreement , which included the need for ukraine to institute a number of political and judicial reforms as well , would help to safeguard their institutions against abuse and politiking . 
  but whatever , you seem pretty clever , you must know better than us . 
  you heard it hear first , the uk has the second gayest army in the world . 
   western media , however , did n't cover this story ( since georgia is a us ally ) , and instead tried to pass it off as a russian invasion of georgia i agree with every part of your comment except this . 
  whilst a lot of american media was certainly anti-russian ( i recall an interview where some south ossetians were interviewed and when they started clearing up the story that the russians were peacekeepers , they got cut off ) , it 's a stretch to say that western media did n't cover it given that back in australia most people understood this narrative . 
  amusing . 
  i have had jobs ( including currently ) and i do n't live off my parents . 
  though i do recall rumours of you getting kicked out of the navy . 
  you take life too seriously . 
  oh man , it 's hilarious that you got downvoted for being correct while people upvoted me . 
  i guess people are tired of your bullshit , eh ? 
  tried being constructive ? 
   not that the ukrainians necessarily have that to worry about . 
  they will probably receive billions in aid from the eu once they wrestle control of ukraine from russia . 
  good . 
  the eu would be smart to try and stabilize the situation . 
  yeah , well ... pineapples . 
  last time i checked , the amazon was n't part of europe .
