  but again , you 're right , it was unfair of me . 
  interesting story of the australian experience with being detested by muslims . 
  following 9/11 , australia was the second least favourite country in indonesia after the us . 
  we instituted a policy of funding some 400 + muslim schools in indonesia with moderate curricula and since then we 've become their second favourite country , after saudi arabia . 
  perhaps some of this kind of engagement in the uk would be useful ? 
  alas , i think that was someone else though i also remember reading it and it was quite a good explanation . 
  you work in westminster ? 
  i need a bigger garbage bin , why wo n't the fucking pollies give me that , eh ? 
  every week i ring and they always give me the run around about local government - they 're my government !, 
  and how come you guys dont bring back public hangings ? 
  just mail me some guns and fast food . 
  jesus , what a stinging comment of which the first part seems to accuse me of astroturfing . 
  cyridus and i , despite our wildly differing political/economic views , have a degree of respect for each other ( at least , he does from my side ) and i was trying to clarify what kind of socialist he was , given we 've discussed this before , with the aim of showing why he 'd be opposed to ftas on principle . 
  i use words like ` doomsaying ' about those speaking out about it ( in general , not specifically to people here ) because as someone that 's taken masters level subjects on international negotiation , as well as finishing a masters thesis related to trade liberalization and negotiation , that 's how i view it . 
  and it 's not as if i have n't been critical of us trade [ specifically criticizing us shenanigans ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1ztbsz/the_french_train_company_sncf_has_been_told_it/cfwsy7z ) in the past . 
  furthermore , i 've been a longstanding poster in / r/europe for more than three years , whilst you 've only been here for about three months so you can take your accusations of astroturfing , and shove them up your arse . 
   let 's make this a european trade agreement so it 's up to the americans to take it or leave it . 
  i do n't think you know how ` negotiations ' work . 
  edit : had a quick look through your history as curiosity . 
  you seem to have a massive chip on your shoulder about the us . 
  and anyone is free to check themselves to see i 'm not some paid us agent making things up about you . 
  as i explained in the other post , the reason i wrote it was as a response to the person complaining about there being no discussion over it , as if it were something novel . 
  it 's not . 
  i gave some examples of how a government acts in bad faith - by expropriating assets without due compensation , unfairly favouring domestic companies , etc. 
  if the new environmental regulations are ones that target certain companies unfairly , then yes that is acting in bad faith . 
  this is one of the reasons i said ` in bad faith ' and that it 's used so rarely ( let alone that people ascribe powers to it that it does n't have ) . 
  it 's only used in instances where a government has done something that can be seriously considered unfair , it 's not going to undermine democracy or prevent us putting in environmental regulation , or what have you . 
  with stability , i specifically said stability for business investment . 
  if investors are worried about being treated worse than domestic investors , or that some other calamity will befall their investment based on the whims of popularity driven governments . 
  it 's an extra protection against ( ha ) protectionism , which is extremely popular amongst the less politically educated . 
  could you please format your posts a little better ? 
  i 'm having considerably trouble trying to understand your first sentence . 
  if it 's because you 're typing on a smartphone , i understand - i often have bizarre words pop up here or there as well without noticing . 
  hardly . 
  ukip wants to cut down on eu immigrants and the like as well . 
  australians are n't concerned with the level of migration , i think most would n't be opposed to increasing it . 
  the issue is with the things i elaborated on in the post earlier . 
  no , that 's an issue of asylum seekers entering the country through unofficial channels , and not of immigration . 
  i base that on over two years living in sweden , learning pretty good swedish , having a swedish girlfriend , and speaking to many swedes . 
  most swedes do n't even know the names of their neighbours , so i do n't see how they 'd happily become friends with their recent immigrant neighbours from iran ? 
  i spoke to swedes who were the epitome of social progressive , nice , kind girls who 'd say to me that they 'd `` always hire a swede over a foreigner because you just know the swede will work better '' . 
  well , your characterization of the australian immigration system is completely wrong , but whatever . 
  because i 'm curious to read how the eu trade commissioner could have gotten it so wrong , or how / u/uyowu so badly misinterpreted it . 
  it 's neutral ground where overseas investors can get some form of justice when governments act in bad faith , such as guarantees to fair compensation in the event of nationalization or to not be unfairly treated compared to domestic companies . 
  it 's a way to provide stability for business investment and protect investors from institutions ( the state ) that otherwise could damage their investment in bad faith without a second word , and with them having no reasonable recourse to remediate it . 
  but in all honesty , most of the stuff that you 'll hear about the isds wildly exaggerates its powers , how it operates , etc. 
  isds has been around for decades , and there have only been a few hundred cases that have actually gone through the isds in the 3000 or so odd treaties that have isds provisions over the past few decades . 
  the numbers i 've seen have been much higher than that , i 'm gon na have to ask for a link to your article . 
  yeah , but mate , are n't you one of the ` nationalize most of the things ' style socialists ? 
  i do n't see how it 's inappropriate . 
  but it 's a response to why there was no discussion over including an isds , it 's pretty much a given in such treaties . 
  dude , almost every single fta and investment treaty in the world has some form of isds , that 's why it 's not discussed . 
  it 's pretty much considered a given . 
  they know snippets . 
  but it 's certainly not the clusterfuck now , that it would be if it were done in the open . 
  you do n't find such strict geographic borders a bit arbitrary ? 
  why limit ourselves , if both the eu and the other country win out by it , they follow eu rules and european values , what 's the problem ? 
  culturally , it 's closer to belarussian/russian than it is to asian . 
  what has detroit got to do with anything ? 
  what ? 
  people knew the agreement was happening , the eu even took public consultations on it years ago , and continues to accept public submissions to this day . 
  the only one that seems to not know what they 're talking about here is you , i 've actually read through much of the leaked text . 
  they ca n't use it to prevent laws being put in place . 
  seriously , it 's bizarre to me how many people assign imaginary powers to the isds that simply are not there . 
  you people want an example of what isds does ? 
  the quebec government released a lot of land and sold a lot of o&g exploration licenses to fracking companies a few years back . 
  a number of us companies bought those licenses and invested a lot of money into developing that land looking for resources . 
  then , the quebec government suddenly imposed a moratorium on fracking meaning that all those companies essentially lost the money they put into the land , despite being allowed to do so in the first place by the quebec government . 
  the selling of the licenses to explore certain parcels of land cost those companies money , the equipment cost those companies money , and there were other costs involved . 
  why would these companies not be entitled to compensation given the implicit guarantee given to them by the quebec government that they be allowed to do business there ? 
  it 's not companies that are negotiating with governments . 
  it 's governments that are negotiating with governments . 
  and ** all ** free trade and investment treaty negotiations are done in secrecy , it 's the only way to prevent every vested interest around getting involved . 
  think of it like this , if it were done in the open the dairy alliance union of one country would say to the government of country x involved in the negotiations `` if you do n't do this , then we 'll fund the opposition instead of you '' . 
  except picture this done across every industry sector , in every country to every government . 
  it would be absolutely impossible to come up with any agreement between the , basically , 30 parties involved in this negotiation ( 29 countries + the eu ) . 
  this stuff is international negotiation 101 , read up on `` putnam 's two level game theory '' ( and not the wikipedia article ) to learn more . 
  funny , i 'd make that claim about many of the racists in the uk ... although that 's beside the point , the overhwelming majority of muslims also think that people should n't be an ` intolerant thug who believes in executing innocent people for having different beliefs from you ' . 
  the number that do think that are such a small number that in a different light it could be seen as a statistical anomaly . 
  are you kidding ? 
  only the negotiations happen in secret . 
  the actual ratification will take at least 3 weeks for everyone to go through and tear apart . 
  you , and i , and most people * still * do n't know what 's agreed to because * they have n't finished negotiating it yet * . 
  because it 's not the job of government to do that . 
  i do n't see any pro-islamic propaganda being spread by government , all i see is them saying ` treat these people as individuals ' . 
  they 'll know when it 's put before the legislative bodies of 29 different countries plus the eu . 
  where there will be time for it to be deliberated upon , examined , scrutinized , and decided whether it 's a good deal or not . 
  if even one of the countries refuses to sign it , it does n't go through , so it would have to be acceptable to 30 different bodies . 
  given that , i do n't think there 'll be any egregious crimes against the public there . 
  what 's culturally british ? 
  is a hard labour voting scot the same culturally as a ukip voting middle englander ? 
  ukip , edl , bnp , etc. . . 
  warning people against what ? 
  they do n't know what 's in there yet !, 
  immigration is n't an issue in australia in the slightest . 
  the issue in australia is a media manufactured ` boat people ' issue where people do n't like the idea of ` queue jumpers ' ( refugees coming by boat are skipping the queue to those that are in camps ) , sovereignty ( we decide who comes here , and the circumstances in which they come ) , the danger of the voyage ( literally hundreds die every year attempting the voyage ) , with a smattering of racism . 
  if you 're someone that came through the official process then they do n't have a problem with you . 
  as to sweden , i lived there for more than two years , have a number of swedish friends , dated a swede , and learnt the language to an acceptable degree . 
  swedes have enough trouble speaking to their swedish neighbours ( i doubt most would even know their names ) , let alone foreign-born ones . 
  this is n't a problem of racism , it 's just an issue in their society where they stick to the people they know , and i reckon that that exacerbates integration problems in sweden - even though i do n't think integration problems in sweden are anywhere near as bad as most people on line say they are , having lived some time in malmo and being in rosengard a number of times .
