  they can tell national governments they want things done a certain way , and then it 's up to those governments to implement it somehow . 
  let alone the fucking regulatory issues , the legal issues , and the corruption issues that would come about as part of such a poorly thought out scheme !, 
  holy shit , i sincerely hope you never become a politician or involved in government , the repercussions would be too much to bare !, 
  it 's no wonder you support ukip , you 're populism personified !, 
  there 's been some [ considerable reform on the cfp ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/information_society/newsroom/cf/mare/itemdetail.cfm?item_id=11186 ) this year , and that youtube clip was released in 2012 . 
  i do n't think it will necessarily solve all the problems the cfp has with respect to overfishing , but it should at least lessen the extent to which it happens until it 's efficacy has been established and a new round of reforms can be proposed . 
  as i understand it , the commonwealth was ruled by a king who had authority over the kingdom of poland and the grand duchy of lithuania , but beyond that it gets a bit murky . 
  of course , i 'm not polish so i could be entirely wrong about that , but i studied there for two years and did some reading on the subject and that 's how i understand it . 
  i guess technically it was and was n't . 
  good thing you crossed out australia . 
  sending them to the country where tony abbott is leader is a terrible fate . 
  i like being able to spend the whole day on skis , from one lift to another . 
  i thought it was a grand duchy , rather than a kingdom ? 
  welfare is important . 
  how is a family supposed to be entrepreneurial if they 're living week to week and hence ca n't save any capital to start a business ? 
  in australia it 's not used in the us way either . 
  that 's not really how it works though . 
  take the ` populist ' parties in the nordic countries . 
  they 're xenophobic , a good portion of their policies are predicated on cutting immigration and presenting that as the solution to all societal ills . 
  it 's not really used that way in political discourse though . 
  from what you 've said , perhaps you 'd like st moritz ? 
  i went there about 10 years back , and had been to aspen a few years ago . 
  they 're a tad different stylistically ( for example , i do n't remember there being any equivalent to the highland bowl ) , but it 's still a top notch ski resort . 
   london and * sydney * well now you know it 's wrong . 
  i went to kitzsteinhorn this year . 
  it was ok , but not really up to the level that op seems to be looking for . 
  there may be better mountains in the area , but i have n't heard of them . 
  ha , well in that case it 's willful ignorance . 
  most of them already know the facts , they 're just stuck in the preconceived paradigms and have n't bothered to adjust to the new facts . 
  there are at least two or three faces like that that i 've seen on reddit , and one of my closest friends from my masters is a eurosceptic libertarian . 
  every time the subject was brought up over the two years we were studying together , this swede would get absolutely pummelled with logic and facts by an entire class , but would somehow at the end of it retain his ideological viewpoint and bring up the same shitty arguments over and over again . 
  eh , it 's difficult to remember exact numbers , exact figures . 
  there are so many lines of attack they can pursue , and it 's difficult to be exactly prepared for all of them . 
  your question seems very poorly thought out/explained . 
  perhaps you can go into it in some more detail ? 
  from what i understand , you have the eurail pass , but you think you might travel more than those fifteen days and/or you think it 's more expensive to go on the eurail pass than on a regular ticket . 
  beyond that , i 'm not sure what you really want . 
  poland did n't . 
  poland did n't exist at the time . 
  if i recall correctly , the russians exiled him after a failed uprising by the poles ( who were partitioned earlier between russia , austria-hungary , and prussia ) against the russians . 
  does n't surprise me , poland has to be one of the least ` environmentally friendly ' countries in the eu that i 've been to . 
  most people i 've met in poland do n't care about recycling , do n't really give a shit about emissions , etc. 
  i had two professors ( in separate classrooms ) when i was studying there that decided to go on a rant about how global warming was n't real because that winter was much colder than any other winter , so how is it getting hotter ? 
  their arguments were rather lacking . 
  what did they say ? 
  yeah , because vigilante actions have always worked so well in the past . 
  they never just turn into witch hunts where 10 innocent people get burnt in the hope of finding one criminal . 
  just look at all the people that get hurt whenever 4chan/reddit goes vigilante . 
  sorry , what was that picture ? 
  dual national , raised in australia until my majority when i chose to emigrate for studies , and eventually for life . 
  they ca n't do anything . 
  so you 're blaming the eu for how the member states set it up ? 
  should n't you instead be complaining to your national mps about fixing up the eu so it 's set up properly ? 
  you 're right , i agree . 
  but that 's , sadly , a reflection of how the eu was set up by the national member states . 
  you mean the secret ballots that , in my recollection , have only been proposed once and was defeated by a massive 553-8 ? 
  what are these secret votes you 're talking about exactly ? 
  nation fantastic , just the fucking people ... 
  no , it 's evidence that the eu did n't follow the treaties it signed under the gatt/wto . 
  mate , you should really learn about how the mechanisms of the wto work before making such sophomoric statements . 
  well , in a way , they are . 
  if your country decides they do n't want to have gmos or hormone treated beef , you 'll lose the case in the wto and other countries will impose countervailing duties on your countries goods , meaning british ( i think i remember you being from the uk ) goods are n't as competitive internationally . 
  i think , flakwolf , it 's because you have a nasty tendency to get insulting and personal from the get go . 
  if you argued without that , without the hyperbole and the emotive appeals , people would be far more receptive to you . 
  well , number three , negative growth is the correct economic term . 
  if you have negative growth for two quarters , it 's a recession . 
  if it lasts for more than 2 years , or there 's a loss of 10 % of gdp then it 's a depression . 
  does n't surprise me . 
  bunch of scoundrels running that sector in australia . 
  the eu lost the hormone case in the wto , and as a consequence the us is able to impose countervailing duties on eu goods ( effectively raising the price of european goods entering the us , making other businesses less competitive ) . 
  it 's not exactly a second best option . 
  by that logic , why have international agreements at all if you have the ability to break them at will ? 
  if they do n't want to take part , or find they 're not benefitting , they can leave . 
  that 's the point of international agreements . 
  the people in the adjudicators in the dispute resolution mechanism of the wto are n't ` elected ' by your country 's people either . 
  ca n't , according to wto law . 
  not to mention that the regulation of such would be a disastrous nightmare . 
  great , please send the economic crisis to france next then !, 
  they could use the kick in the arse to polish up their english !, 
  yes , but if you remove tariffs , and tax all meat , then the meat from newly deforested areas will be cheaper to produce and hence would sell for less than european meat , incentivizing more logging to make cattle pastures . 
  so you either have the choice of subsidization , tariffs , and environmentally friendly meat , or no subsidization , no tariffs , and meat from deforested areas in developing/undeveloped countries . 
  i imagine there 'd be a greatly lessened need for middle and lower class welfare , meaning they can scrap many such programs . 
  taxing meat in europe would just make the ` cheaper-to-deforest-and-produce ' meat in the amazon and other deforested areas more cost effective if you do away with tariffs and subsidies as well , hence increasing the rate that that occurs . 
  because the rules were specifically made up that way by the member states so that the eu would not be able to have final control of that money . 
  they 're not just ` imaginary internet points ' . 
  it 's visibility as well . 
  if you spend time writing a great counter argument , you do n't want to see it buried through downvotes and have people potentially miss it . 
  [ the eu * has * ended export subsidies . ] ( http://www.ghanaweb.com/ghanahomepage/business/artikel.php?id=288198 ) . 
  there is still the possibility to use them in the future , but they turned a clear policy shift against them back at the [ 2005 doha ministerial ] ( http://www.eu-un.europa.eu/articles/en/article_5498_en.htm ) , and since that time funding for export enhancing subsidies had been dropping from billions of euros to hundreds of millions , to being phased out this year . 
  the only ` reason ' they have n't ruled them out completely is so they have negotiating wiggleroom at doha . 
  as for meat being more globalized , there are already complaints from environmental groups that old growth forest is being logged to make room for cattle pastures to feed europe . 
  with respect to the wine subsidies , about two third of that is going to the ` grubbing up ' scheme and other programs to change the production from inefficient wine to more marketable agricultural produce . 
  as cobis replied ,  yes but you could use that argument to justify posting any worldnews on / r/europe . 
  this sub is specifically for european news . 
  keep yapping , beagle . 
  i 've tangled with racists , xenophobes , and the like here before . 
  gotten threats from a few of them too . 
  probably one of them . 
  it 's not even really ` inside the eu ' . 
  removing the primacy of eu laws means an a-la-carte version of the eu that british eurosceptics can only dream of .
