  their only solution is to say ` lower energy usage , and install solar/wind ' and ignore all other consequences and factors . 
  it 's going to take a hell of a lot of understanding , time , and patience , from both sides . 
  just small steps towards harmonizing the different life styles . 
  as with most complex problems in life , simple and easy solutions are n't going to cut it . 
  i toyed with the idea in my head a few years ago of making roma an ` official ' nation within the eu , albeit one without a state , but i realize that 's extremely problematic and unworkable . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not suggesting a free pass - deal with lawbreakers according to the law . 
  i can picture the lynching already , with a happy grin on my face . 
  ` tenuous ' grasp . 
   conflating politics with character is if anything a much bigger character flaw in my view . 
  it smacks of sectarian moralism and fracturing society for no real reason . 
  i 'd say denying equal rights to gay people , or running on a platform of racism is * certainly * a good reason . 
  i would take 100 progressive immigrants over one of those fucktards any day . 
   it denotes them a part of a transient outsider community with less roots to the host society making them far less important to us by virtue of being transient . 
  no it does n't . 
  it may be true for some individuals , but by no means all or necessarily even most . 
  an immigrant just denotes that someone was not born in that country , aside from that they can be anything . 
  a political camp tells me considerably more about a person and their character , than that they were born in another country . 
  so you look at them as a group , instead of individuals ? 
  do n't even joke about that !, 
  such an abomination can not exist . 
  because you 're a known eurosceptic that does n't base their belief on facts , but on time-and-time-again disproven myths . 
  my guess is that people do n't have trust in what you have to say , knowing that . 
  you do n't live with the foreigners that are living in your country ? 
  not even someone like orban ? 
  it 's not about crippling russia . 
  it 's about threatening to cripple them . 
  if merkel announced an eu summit to move away from russian gas , or any other such ` threatening ' moves , russia will have to back down . 
  gazprom alone accounts for more than 20 % of the russian governments budget , and the eu is their biggest customer . 
  they simply ca n't survive without eu money flowing in . 
  threatening that is not ` backing them into a corner ' . 
  if they continue with their actions , regardless , then it does n't matter if we back them into a corner or not , as they 'd be acting regardless of european thought anyway . 
  in * any * country . 
  surely your views align more closely with a foreigner that follows your political and social views , than a native that has the polar opposite ones ? 
  i have considerably more in common with a black progressive immigrant , than i do with a right wing conservative native . 
  yes . 
  most are apathetic . 
  hence , being against it is outside the mainstream . 
  from a continental perspective , it 's certainly outside the mainstream . 
  they see the most recent eu treaty as not having democratic backing , and hence view the new influence of the ep as illegitimate . 
  no worries . 
  for some additional reference , / r/ukpolitics is being heavily brigaded by 4chan over the last week or so , and some of that has spilled into / r/europe where the moderators had to remove a submission or two as a result . 
  supporters of the uk independence party . 
  i find that / r/unitedkingdom is further to the left than / r/ukpolitics which used to be more neutral ground , but these days is overtaken by kippers . 
  apparently they have quite a bit of support from british toffs . 
  perhaps they persuaded ukip to vote no ? 
  well , yeah . 
  ukip is a populist party , simple ( unworkable ) solutions to complex problems are pretty much their mo. 
  when these social media campaigns are done right , i love them . 
  they can be very effective at fostering mutual understanding and friendliness . 
  just take , for example , the [ lithuania loves poland ] ( http://youtube.com/watch?v=802dqaig0ws ) campaign !, 
  great stuff . 
  it makes sense from their point of view . 
  it 's like when the opposition party boycotts a vote or an election , it 's a way of saying they view it as illegitimate . 
  of course , ukip meps continue to attend to get their pay , so they ca n't be that firm in their ideological beliefs . 
  peacekeeping . 
  it was part of yugoslavia and experienced the whole balkan shenanigans . 
  you know the free syrian army is n't just jihadists and terrorists , right ? 
  at the beginning , it was mostly a secular resistance . 
  as i understand it , only those with dual citizenship are stripped of their french nationality . 
  in a process not subject to judicial review or appeal . 
  i 'm very wary of the government being able to revoke the citizenship of its citizens with no legal process and based on a subjective executive decision . 
  i do n't suppose you could go into some depth ? 
  at the moment , your comment is n't really saying much . 
  interesting discussion , thanks !, 
  yeah , i do n't disagree that there are problems with it , and in the event that isds was included in a ratified ttip , there would certainly need to be a lot of corruption breaking measures . 
  however even at the start i said i was against the isds . 
  my point is just that there is a rationale for it , it 's not just a ` fuck everyone , were bought and paid for by big companies ' . 
  this post is so stupid . 
  well , as i said , it was a shitty example meant to show what the isds is supposed to achieve in contrast to the spanish solar case , not be 100 % accurate example of what would happen in the case of logging . 
  fortunately , under the vienna convention on treaties , agreements made through corruption are void . 
  any company that does that through corruption is shooting itself in the foot . 
  who knows , it could even lessen corruption given there 's an added incentive in proving a corruption case . 
  that 's on the proviso that the tpp goes through . 
  if one goes through , it 's pretty likely the the other will too . 
  i think , for the us , that 's kind of the point . 
  well , i do n't know about the details of the case , but presumably the solar companies had a legal contract with the government , and hence could fight over it in a court of law . 
  the isds is more , for example , if a company buys a vast tract of forrested land and the government bans logging in the area . 
  in this case , there 's no explicit contract between the government and the company that they can log there , but the company bought the land on a reasonable expectation of creating a forestry industry there . 
  it 's a shitty example that has some errors in it , but it should suffice to show the difference . 
  hence the early mover advantage of doing it first . 
  it definitely does seem to be a domino effect policy where once a few countries do it , the rest have to start doing it too . 
  i know hat they have effects on areas other than logistics . 
  i never claimed the effects were only for logistics . 
  you 're very much living up to your username , because you make little sense with your rambling . 
  also , perhaps you missed this , but it was * harmonization of existing national schemes * , not creating new ones out of thing air . 
  i can see the logic behind the isds and the benefits it could provide in fdi . 
  does n't mean i think we should have it , it elevates corporations to the level of nations and at least a nation can claim to have our best interests at heart . 
  i know plenty of the story , given it 's been one of my key areas of research . 
  i 've done literature reviews of the council of ministers , i 've done masters level courses on the functioning of the the eu , one of my masters thesis heavily involved the cap ( more than 40 pages on that topic alone ) , i 've been living in europe for more than five years in a number of countries , and i 've taken a large interest in the eu , and particularly in all the bogus claims floating around about it . 
  the only one that does n't have anything smart to say is you , who seems to live in some anarcho capitalist fantasy whee ` regulations done affect market !, 
  i did n't realise that knowledge about a subject is geographically bound . 
  as to the rest , you clearly do n't know dick . 
  class one cucumbers can be easily packaged - you can have a tray of ten on the bottom layer , ten on the middle layer , ten on the top layer for efficiency in packaging and selling ( not to mention ease of use at the final destination , such as if they need them straight for processing ) . 
  class two , which are bendy or what have you , ca n't be easily packaged like that so you wo n't have the ease of packaging and selling . 
  also , you know the downvote button is n't a ` disagree ' button , right ? 
  might be on the right side of the spectrum , but i would n't call them right wingers . 
  you clearly do n't know what you 're talking about , or you 'd understand that it was harmonization of national classification schemes ( ie : class one are straight , easily packaged , class 2 are the odd shaped ones that ca n't be easily packaged ) to better facilitate a single market . 
  without an eu-wide classification scheme , you would n't know what kind of produce you 'd be ordering from another eu country . 
  funny , the eu is considered largely a paragon of efficiency given it 's small budget for running a 500million person bloc . 
  as i recall , that 's because poland called for tenders , got cheap offers from china , and when those chinese companies went over budget poland just refused to keep funding them .
