  they invaded cyprus on the basis of a treaty that was signed giving them unilateral reason to do so if the constitution was broken or there was a threat that the country was going to stop being bicommunal . 
  before the turkish invasion , the greek military junta backed and installed a greek cypriot hard nationalist in a coup d'etat whose goal was to unite cyprus with greece . 
  of course they do n't find the cypriot government legitimate , there 's no continuity of legitimacy . 
  edit ; whoops, 
  the geography has nothing to do with it , the people do . 
  does n't it ? 
  how does sitting your whole life living in ireland and only knowing english make you european , as opposed to simply irish ? 
  purely by accident of geography ? 
  just curious , but there can be a ` european ' that means more than just being born and raised on the continent . 
  haha , i was wondering when one of my fans would show up . 
  great to see you around . 
  thanks , i might just do that . 
  sorry , you 're right , they do have forces there . 
  the point i was trying to make before i became distracted was that the conflict is n't a one-sided ` turks are evil land grabbers ' affair . 
  posts are [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2b76p5/40_years_ago_on_this_day_turkey_launched/ ) and [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2dirq9/14081974_ay%c5%9fe_tatile_%c3%a7%c4%b1ks%c4%b1n_ay%c5%9fe_goes_on_vacation/ ) for the curious . 
  it 's not a matter of comparing populations , but evaluating whether geography is a valid qualifier for what countries should or should n't be in the eu . 
  my parents are european . 
  my ancestry is european . 
  i speak three european languages , and have been living in europe ( in three different countries ) over the last 5-6 years , let alone visiting a number of times when i was still a kid . 
  my entire family aside from my parents live in europe . 
  i have european citizenship . 
  i dunno , i feel i 'm pretty european . 
  out of curiosity , how many european countries have you lived in , and how many european languages do you know ? 
  heh , this is pretty typical . 
  a lot of my posts , even the most innocuous , non-controversial ones , will hit -7 . 
  haters got ta hate , i guess . 
  the guy said only 5 % of turkey is in europe , so i 'd say it related to geography and not culture . 
  they 're not ` occupying north cyprus ' . 
  i suggest you read the history of the conflict . 
  the conflict was started by the greek junta sponsoring a coup in cyprus which installed a dictator and was meant to bring about a union between greece and cyprus , ignoring the wishes of the native population . 
  the west is not one monolithic entity , different countries have different views and even within those countries views are different . 
  there is no single definitive map of europe , in the west or elsewhere . 
  / discussion . 
  the context is that the question was ` what do you think about turkey wanting to become part of the eu ' . 
  saying `` turkey is not in europe '' is clearly an argument against them being in the eu , which is what the op was saying . 
  no , mate . 
  turkey is n't at war with any eu member states . 
  if turkey should not be allowed into the eu because it 's not in europe enough , then neither should cyprus - yet it is , establishing a clear precedent . 
  you realise that the concept of where europe ends is not something established across the globe , right ? 
  different places have different perspectives . 
  something called ` context ' exists . 
  purely because of geography ? 
  what a stupid reason not to have a country in the ` club ' . 
  if it 's mutually beneficial for both and does n't violate any of the rules , why not ? 
  in that case , what 's the validity of the guys objection that turkey should n't be allowed to join because it has only 5 % of it 's landmass on the european continent ? 
  yeah ? 
  how do you figure that ? 
  yeah ? 
  how 's that ? 
  i guess you do n't think portugal and spain are in europe either ? 
  well , yeah , georgia and armenia are in europe . 
  so then cypriots are n't european either ? 
  so , what ? 
  we should only allow 20 % of turkey into the eu ? 
  cyprus is n't in europe either , and regardles - turkey 's history is inextricably linked with that of europe , and has been for a millennium . 
  population of turkey that is in europe : 20 % +, 
  best answer . 
  well shit , i do n't know . 
  these days people assign such weird qualities that people need to have to be of an ethnicity i ca n't keep up . 
  you just need to have german citizenship , you do n't need to have a passport as well . 
  how are they ignorant and naive ? 
  i 'd like to direct you to this excellent answer to such a question [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2gn3sj/nordic_jihad_247_confirmed_swedes_danes/ckkqn2j )  the problem with analysis based on racial criteria is that it also makes its way into proposed solutions that emerge from such analysis . 
  so you end up with proposals that are based around treating different ethnicities differently , which is only a small step away from effectively branding parts of population as second class citizens . 
   the easiest way to handle `` cultural differences '' is to treat them through the prism of law . 
  make it so that the only division that matters is the one between people who break the law , and people who abide by law . 
   what society should specifically be fighting against is violent street crime , terrorism and , depending on the country , possibly religious fundamentalism and hate speech as well ( this would n't apply to countries that constitutionally guarantee the right to free speech , though ) . 
   as long as the law enforcement is even-handed , and prosecutes people for crimes regardless of ethnicity , the society will generally be healthy . 
  the moment a country allows radical nationalism and borderline fascism to go unpunished , but cracks down on the minorities as a population group ( rather than targeting individual criminals ) , that country is in for a world of hurt . 
  a well written and thought out reply . 
  do n't get me wrong , i completely understand that . 
  the problem with that narrative is , however , that many western european countries have accepted large numbers of immigrants into their countries over the last few decades . 
  as you say , it 's easing up a bit in the west , but this kind of narrative promotes the thinking along the lines of ` this is our country , not yours ' to people who are n't of that countries historic ethnicity , instantly ostracising people who were born and raised in the countries culture . 
  if a person of turkic origin is born in germany , grows up in german culture , and speaks german is not treated as if they are ` german ' , then it 's going to push them to another identity , and that 's where the fractures in society begin . 
  you often hear people talk in this subreddit about immigrants ` just not integrating ' , and then a second later saying ` no , they can not be german , they 're turkish ' . 
  i also disagree that ethnic essentialism needs to exist . 
  there are two main forms of nationalism , civic and ethnic . 
  you 've already described ethnic nationalism well , but the immigrant countries have civic nationalism , where nationhood is defined by common citizenship regardless of colour , heritage , religion , etc. 
  it 's one based around common values and politics which presents itself as a kind of ` minimum standard of culture ' where as long as you believe in things like the rule of law , and liberal-democracy , you 're considered one of the group . 
  so the nation would n't have to be abolished , else there 'd be no point of australia and new zealand not being the same country ( despite having separate cultures ) , the us and canada , etc. 
  the countries can still remain viable entities without being based around ethnicity , and in fact would be stronger for it . 
  the only thing that 's holding western european countries back from that is the die-hard old-guard who have n't realised that this change either needs to happen , or they need to expel all the ` foreigners ' , or there 'll be permanently marginalized groups within the society causing problems because of that marginalization . 
  these are the racists , the xenophobes , and the bigots . 
  you do n't need to have a german passport to be a german citizen . 
  it 's not about the jihadists i really give a shit about , it 's the sloppy generalizing thinking of zanker that bothered me the most . 
  of course most of them are in all probability not what most people would call a traditional swede . 
  i do n't care if they 're ethnically white europeans or not . 
  what matters if they were born and raised in those nordic countries and considered themselves to have that nationality . 
  charming . 
  i have never ever ever seen anyone use it in that context before , but i have seen many people use it in a racist context before . 
  and he is someone that sees all immigration as bad . 
  edit : and uses words like ` misbreed '  or are you just looking for an excuse to call immigrants and misbreeds after their place of residence/citizenship ? 
  sure , i can agree with that , though obviously there needs to be some leeway for batshit crazy stuff ( for example someone with no connection to canada claiming to be an indigenous canadian . 
  i 'm from australia and lived there until i reached my majority , i 've since lived for more than at least a year in three different european countries ( almost lived in europe for 6 years now ) . 
  how much descent has to be ` predominantly ' ? 
  what about if german is the majority at 30 % ? 
  words have meanings . 
  when you say ` actual swede ' , you imply anyone that does n't fit your version of a swede is not a swede . 
  if you mean an ethnic swede then say that . 
  except no one replied to the picture you posted , they were replying to the picture the person i replied to posted . 
  so yes , when we 're talking about ` them ' we 're talking about a group of people and not the dickhead in the picture you posted .
