  that 's got nothing to do with environmental or health regulations , or what-have-you , but rather with tariffs and ntbs . 
  this document has revealed that more than half the garbage you 've been posting about the ttip over the last months has been flat out wrong , and yet still you persist ? 
  it 's not some arbitrary get together . 
  it 's generally done via the world bank isdic or through the un . 
  make no mistake , these are legal proceedings , it 's not some piss up down at the pub , and they 're not entirely secret . 
  i 've read through more than a dozen submission documents on various isds cases, 
  some form of isds provisions are in nearly all 3000 + fta and investment treaties in the world , and aside from the media egregiously misportraying the facts , has n't been much of an issue in most cases . 
  an article that does n't understand how isds functions . 
  but yes , they 're not done in national courts because the whole idea of isds provisions is that domestic governments and courts are inherently biased against the foreign investor . 
  the isds claims do n't happen just of they 're adversely affected , but happen if foreign companies are adversely affected by government acts done in bad faith and which unfairly damage foreign companies over domestic ones . 
   one little point though , these were just the negotation directives . 
  very true . 
  but hopefully , this will at least dissuade some of those posters that think that the eu is trying to lower consumer standards because negotiators work for big business , or whatever other bizarre conspiracy theories they come up with . 
  and it might persuade them they do n't know as much about isds as they think they do . 
   especially true in relation to airbus . 
  i do n't want to see them suing the united states government over subsidies to boeing anymore than i want to see boeing suing the eu over subsidies to airbus . 
  heh , i actually wrote a post once [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1ztbsz/the_french_train_company_sncf_has_been_told_it/cfwsy7z ) on the kind of shenanigans that go on with airbus-boeing subsidization , and would be an area where isds would perhaps be extremely beneficial to the eu . 
   the agreement should recognise that the parties will not encourage trade or foreign direct investment by lowering domestic environmental , labour or occupational health and safety legislation and standards , or by relaxing core labour standards or policies and legislation aimed at protecting and promoting cultural diversity . 
  but ... but ... but ... reddit has been telling me for months that the purpose of the ttip is to bring european standards down to the level of us ones !, 
  on the isds  and should be without prejudice to the right of the eu and the member states to adopt and enforce , in accordance with their respective competences , measures necessary to pursue legitimate public policy objectives such as social , environmental , security , stability of the financial system , public health and safety in a non-discriminatory manner i 've been telling you people for months that it 's not going to prevent the eu implementing environmental laws and the like ` because companies can sue for lost future profits !!!! ' . 
  and to reiterate , all completely in line with what i 've been telling you guys about the ttip and isds for months in the face of heavy downvotes . 
  that 's fantastic , thanks for sharing it !, 
  most of that was done automatically , and is just town names no ? 
  urgh , monbiot is such a naive ideologue . 
  to him , everything is some business-led conspiracy . 
   to prevent private interests from forming an oligopoly like gas companies agreeing not to under cut each other for example that 's forming a cartel , and is already illegal in all western countries . 
  some essentials need to be subsidized , like water and agriculture . 
  there are instances where these can succeed unsubsidized , but it 's not the rule . 
  take the [ water privatization in cochabamba ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2000_cochabamba_protests ) for example , a privatization that was such an egregious crime against the public that it 's barely conceivable a country would do that . 
  i 'm so conflicted about zizek . 
  he 's clearly a very intelligent guy , and seems personable on an individual level , but i just find myself disagreeing with so much of what he says . 
  so i think you 're assessment is spot on , like chomsky but humorous . 
  you know it 's not like importing furniture , right ? 
  these are people , not commodities . 
  oh , i did n't know she 's released another . 
  i 'll have to see if i can track it down in english . 
  purge was brilliant , but left me feeling horrified about the evils of humanity . 
  every page i just felt more and more sick . 
  and that kind of stuff was n't / is n't even that uncommon . 
  back when i lived in australia , vodka was always associated with russia for me . 
  it 's kind of sad that that 's how most of the world thinks , considering the amazing polish vodkas i 've had over the past few years . 
  completely incomparable to something like smirnoff . 
  you have n't been in / r/europe long i take it ? 
  it 's not usually that dissimilar here . 
  i read her novel , ` purge ' . 
  pretty horrific stuff , and quite topical to this as well ( unsurprisingly ) . 
  illegal immigrant ? 
  kiwi to boot ? 
  detention centre !, 
  a lot of terrible shit has been going on since the whole russia-ukraine thing started , but i think what 's going on with that tatars is the most tragic . 
  every few decades , a new round of oppression . 
  surely there 's a better source than this ? 
  this site is an absolute joke , and has only been submitted to the racist subreddits . 
  you add so much to the discussion . 
  the canadian centre for policy alternatives is a think tank financed principally through canadian unions , union movements being those traditionally most stubbornly opposed to ftas . 
  i 'd be wary of their bias as well . 
  their analysis there is also terribly one-sided . 
  i linked to a discussion [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2hzgm1/businesseurope_sponsored_debate_on_the_ttip/ ) where important european figures debated the merits of the ttip . 
  i found it very balanced and interesting . 
  edit : an alternative might be the studies commissioned by the european commission , such as [ this one ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2013/march/tradoc_150737.pdf ) done by the centre for economic policy research , a very respected think tank . 
  it 's amazing how quickly people adapt and project recent events onto years past . 
  it 's be really great if their criticism was based in some kind of reality or nuance , but sadly it 's not . 
  as i recall , it 's run by mehr demokratie , an organization with the laudable goal of stronger democracy , but in execution has little pragmatic value . 
  nowhere in the report does it say , or even imply , that the gains come from swapping cars to save money on labour . 
  [ report here for those that would like to check for themselves ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2013/march/tradoc_150737.pdf ) . 
  secondly , the ` indirect expropriation of future profits ' does not relate to what the cepr report claimed about the ttip and it 's dishonest to try and link the two . 
  but regardless , the example used in the article ( a company suing because egypt raised its minimum wage ) is egregiously misrepresenting what happened . 
  veolia ( the company in question ) is suing the egyptian government for breach of contract , not because they raised the minimum wage . 
  the increase in the minimum wage is supporting evidence for one of the claims of how the contract was broken , and not the dispute itself . 
  i used [ balanced ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2hzgm1/businesseurope_sponsored_debate_on_the_ttip/ ) on the last submission i made to / r/europe , and had the same problem . 
  it 's a trust thing , i think . 
  i know / u/slyratchet as a solid source , so if he lists that something is balanced then i know it will be . 
  with other users , it 's less certain . 
  perhaps if you 're around longer/more active you 'll also have your own list of reliable and unreliable posters . 
  ukip is a reactionary and populist party from the uk , whose central goal is for the uk to leave the eu . 
  it 's run by a very charismatic man called nigel farage . 
  that said , / u/slyratchet is a mod of / r/europe and one of the few posters that seems to care about the state of the subreddit , i recall his admonishments of people 's circlejerk tendencies from over a year ago , so there 's no need to view him as biased . 
  if they 're wrong about facts , point them towards the correct ones . 
  otherwise , there 's not a great deal you can do - most people have made up their minds and no amount of arguing will change them . 
  i 'm just explaining the rationale dude , i 'm not defending the system . 
  eh , i 'm just explaining the rationale , i do n't know enough about it to definitively say it 's the better option . 
  no , the result is it 's costlier , not worse service . 
  they 're generally in place to maintain a certain level of service for the customers , and a certain level of income for taxi drivers . 
  if cars are n't getting routinely serviced , getting insurance , etc then it 's to the detriment of customers , whilst keeping the number of licenses limited through high entrance barriers means that taxi companies can charge a living wage for their services , as opposed to fighting over scraps and having to work 15 hour days . 
  as i understand it , those whose families had been living there since before 1920 have citizenship , those that went there after the soviet occupation do n't . 
  they do n't care about them leaving , but they 'd care about italian military vessels violating their waters to dump people from who knows what countries in their waters , who may not even have originated in tunisia . 
  yes there is , and they do it frequently based of off accents , language , and dialect . 
  they have to apply for citizenship , it 's not something that 's automatically granted , and there are prerequisites . 
  given how many people are getting upvotes for ` we can just dump them on tunisian shores , there can be no problems doing that !, 
  ' , it 's sad that you 're getting downvoted . 
  / u/christ0ph is a bit of a conspiracy-theorist whackjob . 
  best to just ignore him . 
  you understand refugees do n't have the right to vote , yeah ? 
  only citizens do ? 
  eh , i was born and raised in australia , but my parents both came from europe and i share their citizenships . 
  i 've since lived in four different countries , and i 've found that my ` roots ' are unimportant , what 's important are the people i gather around me ( friends , family , colleagues ) at each place that i live . 
  who gives a shit about roots ? 
  roots just keep you stuck in one place . 
  funny , considering many of them did during ww2 . 
  there 's a concept known as [ third culture kids ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/third_culture_kid ) that might be of interest to you .
