  that 's being intolerant . 
  how else are you going to judge intolerance ? 
  who the hell says . 
  `` yes , i 'm intolerant '' . 
  i have n't had any bad experiences with them aside from the mild annoyance of begging , even had a professor that was one . 
  chances are , you 've probably met them and did n't know they were roma . 
  would n't complain about t , certainly !, 
  not zurek ? 
  that seems to be the most quintessentially polish dish i know . 
  your constant attempts to whitewash putin 's actions are hilarious as well . 
  undoing the collossal fuck ups ? 
  he 's exacerbating them . 
  he 's raised cronyism and corruption to an artform , he 's not diversifying the economy , and he 's not even investing into the cash cow of energy ( in terms of r&d , development , and exploration ) . 
  all he 's doing is trying to raise russia 's self-esteem at the cost of everyone else . 
  do n't disrupt the xenophobic circlejerk . 
  you often get bigger swings thanks to interest rate changes . 
  that is certainly not analogous to ttip or any other fta . 
  yep . 
  i do n't know how they could 've gotten any gain from a fiscal stimulus when they 'd be paying double digit interest rates . 
  yep , there 's often not even a discussion here , just a circlejerk . 
  at least with someone like / u/limitlessltd i can have a discussion on isds where both people make arguments , instead of just `` isds is evil '' , `` tpp should burn '' . 
  but people do n't seem to want to discuss things in / r/europe any more , they just want to circlejerk . 
  libya would be attacking hostile forces invading their sovereign territory . 
   this is not two corporations negotiating . 
  this kind of treaties usually are done completely open can you point to any recent ftas that were more public than ttip ? 
   i did n't even have an opinion on ttip until i saw how much shit people are making up about isds and confidential negotiations . 
  now , i kind of just support it because i do n't want to be on the side of the lunatics who are parroting everything they 're told without actually understanding any of it . 
  i can sympathize with this . 
  it 's hard not to start actively disliking the anti-ttip movement when you 've seen so many lies and so much misinformation . 
  hope i can just remain objective when the actual agreement comes out . 
  no , the european parliament was supposed to vote on a change to the negotiating mandate . 
  it was postponed due to the high volume of amendments ( over 200 ) , so that they could see which amendments were actually supported by a large number of the meps instead of including amendments that were supported by only one member of the spanish communist party . 
  thanks mate  few weeks bed rest and i should be right as rain . 
  disappear to avoid the fines ? 
  what ? 
  average isds case costs eight million dollars , so no . 
  cheers !, 
  i had surgery a few hours ago . 
  please , tell me how you define a corporate lawyer . 
  most tribunal members are retired judges , international law professors , or lawyers from the largest law firms on the planet . 
  ` corporate lawyers ' implies they have to argue their case to their own legal team . 
  we 'll know more than a year before its put to vote . 
  no it was n't , you 're either thinking of the tpa in the u.s. , or the recent vote to change the negotiating mandate in the eu . 
  neither was related ( except by a very long route ) to the final agreement . 
  let 's democratically voice our medical diagnoses then !, 
  all new patients will be diagnosed by a jury of their peers !, 
  no point having specialists , when democratically voicing your opinion carries more weight than what they say . 
  it 's not . 
  but people seem to be suggesting that companies win the second they decide to sue . 
  yes , but they 'd only be entitled to damages if the government breaches one f the four fundamental protections of an investment protection chapter . 
  they might find reasons to sue , but unless those reasons are actually backed up by something substantial they 'll lose . 
  as an aside , typing on your phone is goddamn awful , am i right ? 
  as she says , they 'd be entitled to it anyway under eu law for such breaches . 
  well , might as well just post [ this letter to the house of commons health committee from dg trade on the matter ] ( http://www.parliament.uk/documents/commons-committees/health/health-committee-ttip-correspondence.pdf ) , and why doctors should stick to doctoring . 
  i hate memes , but i so desperately want to post that `` it 's happening '' gif . 
  we can only hope !, 
  ah , it 's not very in depth and i 'd just butcher any kind of eli5 . 
  read annex 1 of the document ( p. 20 , very short ) , it should give you an idea of what they want to do . 
  i moved here some 6 years back for a masters degree . 
  fell in love , decided to do another one . 
  decided to stay . 
  pretty simple really . 
  if you 're going to say that , you should really qualify your statement in some way . 
  yeah , it 's not about the nash equilibrium at all , it 's about [ batna ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/best_alternative_to_a_negotiated_agreement ) and a host of other factors . 
  christ , i just wish this crisis could be over , but it 's not exactly an easy thing to fix . 
  basically any solution to actually fix the crisis will require the cooperation of a large number of very differently leaning ( politically ) parliaments , so it will be an almost impossible balancing act to get something like that through . 
  it 's not just economically independent , it 's also education and access to birth control that have a very large effect as well . 
  chicken banan curry pizza with peanuts is the greatest culinary achievement of the swedish people , just ahead of the flying jacob . 
  thanks !, 
  having a read through now . 
  yeah , just wanted to make it clear that while krugman is a well respected economist , he no longer really discusses economics . 
  there 's a reason krugman is referred to as either `` krugman '' or `` 90s krugman '' - the latter being when he was actually a well respected active economist , as opposed to political commentator . 
  krugman is an amazing economist . 
  the problem is , these days he never actually discusses * economics * . 
  he discusses politics , comments on almost every topic that comes into the limelight ( despite not having anywhere near enough time to study each of them to a depth required to actually be able to comment authoritatively ) , and in general uses his economic credentials to further his political writings . 
   because i do n't think one ought to have a human right to immigrate wherever one wants . 
  who has suggest this ? 
  no one has said people are free to go anywhere ( open borders or whatever ) , just that we have a moral obligation to protect people that are fleeing war and persecution . 
  there 's one phrase that every swede seems to misspeak . 
  i get it , because it 's a literal translation from swedish , but it 's just ... wrong . 
  they say `` it does n't taste much '' when they 're referring to food that 's bland or does n't have much flavour . 
  saying that , for example , the lettuce does n't taste much implies that the lettuce has a very under-developed sense of taste , not that it 's bland . 
  there was an ecb working paper that implied that leaving the eurozone would necessitate leaving the eu as well . 
  of course , we 'll only see what happens when it 's actually tested . 
  it 's both . 
  people should n't react barbarically to things that offend them , but people also should n't purposefully seek to offend people . 
  it 's called civilized society . 
  no one disagrees that people should n't be allowed to draw them . 
  but if you 're actually a grown up , you try and refrain from purposefully offending people like he does . 
   either import them on basis which forces them to be educated like canada or show them the door . 
  you know they 're not commodities , like cattle , right ? 
  fascinating and tragic story . 
  i saw a protest movement a few months ago against civil unions and marriage equality in poland . 
  they used the word ` homoterrorism ' , which i simply found hilarious . 
  what the fuck does that even mean ? 
  you 're aware that 's only a principle , and not a rule or law , right ? 
  something to be aspired to ? 
  you advocated scrapping the refugee convention over terrorism , just like its been used to curtail so many civil liberties over recent decades . 
  great , fuck the refugee convention . 
  while we 're at it , fuck human rights in general - after all , the risk of terrorism is too high .
