  i know a smattering of finnish and estonian as well . 
  would like two become fluent in the latter two . 
  and dated , as it 's a monthly . 
  in b4 / u/savannajeff, 
  the economist has an editorial stance that 's a little too heavy handed at times . 
  sure , syriza fucked up in a number of areas where they 're handling negotiations , but the economist is just full stop anti-syriza in an obvious way . 
  let alone its strong , what i suppose many people would call neoliberal , stance . 
  i find myself disagreeing with their editorial stance some 50 % of the time , but they 're an invaluable source of the weeks news . 
  as i understand it , this is unfortunately common in many countries . 
  even my friends in austria seem to complain about it . 
  i 've never argued for ttip , i 've only ever argued against the bad arguments used against ttip . 
  it 's also certainly not * half my comment history * . 
  when the cap was big on / r/europe some 4 years ago , i wrote a lot of posts on that . 
  when the ukrainian crisis first flared up , i wrote a lot about that . 
  when the greek crisis comes up , i write about that . 
  sorry that i write about topics that interest me and that i 'm somewhat knowledgeable about . 
  ttip is just the latest ` flavour of the month ' . 
  [ explanation ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2ok63w/free_trade_with_us_europe_balks_at_chlorine/cmo550e ) . 
  no , i 'm not paid by anyone to write here , and i do n't work for any organization with a vested interest in ttip . 
  personally , i 'm going to be happy with my forthcoming estonian e-residency . 
   the fact that corps can , through lawsuits , prevent new environmental protection laws being enacted is exactly what you 're denying will happen ... 
  they ca n't prevent legislation being enacted , so again , you 're simply wrong . 
  the other stuff you wrote is ridiculously reductive as well . 
  that was n't my argument , but whatever . 
  it was n't a nuclear power plant , it was a coal power plant . 
  how is the eu supposed to do that , have juncker kick open your door and shout it at you ? 
  the media is fucking up here , not the ec . 
  the ec makes things public , has it all on the website , and none of the media report on it - or if they do , it 's in opinion pieces about the evils of globalization . 
  it 's not one document , it 's a series of webpages so it 's likely a very close approximation to that . 
  [ here . 
  ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/press/index.cfm?id=1231 ), 
  the fact you think it 's fine for a tyranny of the mob to destroy peoples property is crazy to me . 
  [ via here ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/press/index.cfm?id=1231 ) . 
  this whole submission is a massive pile of horseshit , in that it 's wrong about most cases ( as i 've spent far too much time arguing about in the past ) , but people will follow it anyway . 
  sometimes ... 
  sometimes i feel i should just give up , because it 's clear the ignorant and uninformed are going to win this debate no matter how much i try . 
  you mean the situation where a political party campaigned and was elected on destroying the value of an investment of a foreign company ? 
  you apparently would be fine with banning the selling of meat in a country if 50 % +1 would be for , because it would be a democratic majority and that 's all that matters . 
  this was a company that signed a contract with the city , followed many of the increasingly tighter regulations that were proposed until they said `` enough is enough '' , because the green party * literally campaigned about destroying the hundreds of millions of dollars invested by vattenfall , and bragged about it in their victory speech * . 
  have you bothered to look ? 
  the ec released a bunch of documents informing about what 's going on in each chapter of the proposed negotiations a few months ago . 
  since then , those documents have been clicked * an average of 2300 times * . 
  compared to anti-ttip protests that get 1.7 million signatures . 
  it 's clear the european demos does n't bother to educate themselves about the subject , they just follow populist fearmongering . 
  meaning coordination between boats in the area based off of radar and radio signals to attempt a rescue . 
  you literally can not ignore that shit . 
  and to tell you the truth , it 's kinda troubling you 're seeking a ` legal out ' to let people die ... 
  ah , i would 've mate ... but i already get enough accusations of being a ttip shill , and i did n't want to do anything that would feed the rumours such as reporting the post . 
  if you receive a distress call , and your ship is nearest , you 're obligated to go . 
  you do n't have to actively seek , but as a member of the unclos you have to have active monitoring which means yes , going to seek . 
  should 've finished reading the thread before replying . 
  it 's the one you linked to . 
  there was an ecb working paper released a few years ago that stated that , from a legal standpoint , a country leaving the euro would also have to leave eu . 
  alternative . 
  a massive lng terminal being built on the baltic coast by poland is only going to be able to handle fifty percent of their domestic needs , but at a steep markup . 
  this is n't going to be a game changer , but still useful . 
  what ? 
  greeces public sector was small by eu standards , as i recall . 
  it 's funny , in australia criminals request to be transferred to for profit prisons because the conditions are better . 
  just because the american prison system is fucked up , does n't mean private prisons in and of themselves are a bad idea . 
  ten metres deep !, 
  fight the power !, 
  oh , they 're rather generous in australia so i imagined they would be in the uk as well . 
  no link to leaks ? 
  title based off of a personal unverifiable interview between the writer and malmstrom ? 
  probably taken massively out of context ? 
  this is obviously an in depth and quality article under the banner of protecting the nhs , especially given [ how the ec has responded that ttip will not affect the uks ability to make decisions about the nhs ] ( http://www.parliament.uk/documents/commons-committees/health/health-committee-ttip-correspondence.pdf ) . 
  do meps get the generous retirement benefits though ? 
  yes they do . 
  yeah , and ( in my eyes ) the arguments are shot down by people actually knowledgeable about the topic . 
  why do n't you watch the damn thing , instead of arguing with me . 
  we do n't know that , because they report nothing about what happens . 
  generally , you guys are all up in arms about government ` secrecy ' , now no one seems to care . 
  which is violating the unclos as well , as under that ships have an obligation to help vessels in distress . 
  no , australia . 
  that 's just how the refugee convention works , baby . 
  it 's an important protection for people fleeing conflicts around the world , and i do n't want to compromise it so that people fleeing persecution ca n't find a safe place . 
  it 's australia 's problem because they 're going to australia , and they 're detained by australia . 
  if not australia 's problem , then whose ? 
  are the insults and downvotes really necessary ? 
  i answer your questions , i provide you a link to a discussion panel with some very knowledgable people about the topic ( isds arbitrators , professors of international law , senior figures in the austrian government , influential ngos ) , and apparently that 's unsatisfactory . 
  and i 'm the one with my head up my arse ? 
  first , it 's not a court , it 's an arbitration . 
  in civil arbitration proceedings , the process for selecting the arbitrators is very similar . 
  second , in many countries ( such as austria ) , a person can be a judge , then a lawyer in a case , then a judge again . 
  such matters happen all over the world . 
  if a lawyer does a divorce case for a man , does that mean he can never do it for women ? 
  of course not !, 
  each case is individual . 
  i do n't know how much time you have , but this is basically the best isds discussion available online , it covers basically every argument around ( including the ones you 've raised in the past ) , if you have two hours to spend listening . 
  [ this is it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fky_flg4uui ), 
  i would welcome it , provided they passed the joining criteria . 
  corporations do n't pick the judges , and there are no conflicts of interests . 
  the corporation picks one arbitrator , the state the other , and the final one is picked off a pre-approved list ( created by states , might i remind you ) by mutual agreement of both parties . 
  hormone beef , for example , has been explicitly excluded from the deal ... although there remain problems with that . 
  the eu is currently paying a few hundred million dollars to the us annually over their lost wto dispute regarding hormone beef because they could n't show that it was dangerous , even after being given additional time to conduct the studies necessary to prove it . 
  they 're in negotiations ( begun separately to ttip ) to try and resolve it , but there have been a few delays since they lost the case , and ttip seems to be the best way for them to get rid of a bad piece of policy without losing face . 
   let 's just say that greece is in the middle of a depression , with 1 out of 4 adults unemployed and gdp that has shrunk 30 % in 5 years . 
  this kind of thing will cramp any countries finances . 
  it 's worth pointing out that [ between 1982 and 1997 they had a worse budget deficit than 5 % , and for only seven years in the last 30 did they have a smaller deficit than 5 % ] ( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/19jgomx-fix5iydyqrkxisgrvdpxehfo76iwivmj8eki/edit#gid=952610829 ) .
