  i 'm on my phone sorry , where are you from ? 
  the dutch government was the one that asked for it in the first place ( there was unanimous agreement for it in the negotiating mandate ) . 
  just because they said no now , does n't mean they will on the future . 
  those products are only ` illegal ' because they have n't passed european certification . 
  all this will do is say ` ok , we have basically the same regulation on this thing . 
  we 'll agree to accept your regulation certification , and you agree to accept ours ' . 
  because it wo n't apply to sectors , it will apply to specific regulations . 
  uhhuh , sure . 
  the eu has published a bunch of documents on the matter if you 'd bother to look . 
  if isds is included , it will be a mixed competence agreement . 
  if not , there 's still a good chance it will be . 
  not all standards , obviously , just the ones where the standards are already about equivalent . 
  the director of dg trade ( the body responsible for negotiating ttip ) has already stated that they 're [ not going to lower eu standards as a result ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/sections/trade-society/commission-official-eu-not-going-change-its-food-legislation-because-ttip#.vhqw3url5sq.reddit ) of the agreement . 
  the eu has also stated that they 're [ not going to change `` existing levels of protection ( consumer , environmental , health , etc ) for the sake of an agreement '' ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/trade/policy/in-focus/ttip/questions-and-answers/ ) . 
  ttip is already the most transparent trade negotiation ever undertaken , but for many areas of secrecy there 's [ good reason to have it ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/32bdez/my_grandad_reads_the_paper_everyday_and_hasnt/cq9w6y2 ), 
  every member state 's parliament will have to ratify it , as well as the european parliament , for it to go through . 
  there are constant calls for submission about what you would and would not like in ttip , like this submission links to . 
  i 'm not sure where the idea that there is no democratic feedback comes from , but there most certainly is . 
  because trade agreements destroy the environment ... 
  i 've covered the whole `` why isds is n't as scary as everyone thinks '' thing a bunch of times , most notably [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/truereddit/comments/2srn0u/trade_secrets_why_will_no_one_answer_the_obvious/cnsffwo ) . 
  as i said , it was likely removed to focus all attention on the mega thread . 
  i did n't label those complaints as racist , i said there was a lot of racism in this thread . 
  they gave their explanation - it was too hard to moderate the other collection of submissions , so they decided to make a mega thread for it like they often do for big news . 
  i did n't see the other submissions , but to me this is a peck reasonable explanation , especially if there was a lot of moderator work in the other threads . 
  yeah damn foreigners , moderating our ( your ? ), 
  people complaining about the mods is a fact of life . 
  the mods do n't owe you an explanation of why something is deleted ( though it would be nice if this became policy ) . 
  they explained why the previous submissions were removed , created a sticky topic with links to a bunch of stories , and let people continue/start the discussion again here . 
  instead of doing that , they choose to bitch about the mods here ( lessening the chance of any discussion on this crime even happening ) instead of in a separate topic . 
  a few dozen guys with picket signs , perhaps . 
  nothing like the kind of power a trade union could wield if its members were politically involved . 
  it 's pretty clear what it means , such concepts are common and frequent in domestic law as well . 
  most domestic law is filled with nebulous terms because it 's only through interpretation that the truth can be reached, 
  i reject that notion . 
  perhaps in a vacuum , you 'd be right . 
  but realistically , the trade union has more power - it can organize demonstrations , protests , mass grassroots campaigns against or for something . 
  a corporate lobby group simply does n't have that kind of sway . 
  anyway , trade unionists wanting something is lobbying as well . 
  true that , it 's very subjective on my behalf . 
  and again they ca n't sue for that . 
  the only grounds on which they can sue is that they 've been discriminated against in favour of domestic companies ( if a country of origin law affects everyone , that 's not the case ) or because they 've had their assets seized without fair compensation ( what is happening with plain packaging in australia ) or that a law unfairly and with prejudice is attacking or harming that company . 
  again , universal country of origin requirements do n't do that . 
  you simply have no understanding of how isds works , so i do n't know how you think you have a valid opinion . 
  their language is very mellifluous . 
  latvian and lithuanian , not so much . 
  they have a nicer sounding language . 
  plus for a lot of people , lithuania and latvia are confused . 
  i think roma have it tough , and the constant persecution and prejudging that goes on against them makes it even harder to try and make them part of society . 
  i think there 's a large undercurrent of racism in europe that is ignored by most . 
  i think ttip is n't the great evil many of you think it is . 
  i do n't think lobbying is something that inherently bad . 
  i think the troika is doing its best within the margins of what 's pragmatically reasonable . 
  they 're not just label modifications . 
  one is taking away the companies branding , logo , goodwill rights , whilst the other is putting a bit of information on it . 
  they 're completely different . 
  i 'm not going to run around looking for half remembered sites for you . 
  take it at face value or do n't , i do n't care . 
  tell that to switzerland 's vote on immigration . 
  there was no bank run on the subsidiaries of the collapsed cypriot bank , because those subsidiaries had been spun off and hence unconnected to their former owners . 
  well , there 's certainly a crisis of confidence in democracy ( voter rates seem to be tumbling all over the globe ) . 
  the comic is about ttip ... and civil society groups get plenty of access , so i do n't know why you 'd claim otherwise . 
  the internet people ? 
  i remember reading a couple of them a few months ago when this article came out . 
  i even commented on it  one need only understand the situation . 
  if the cypriot banks defaulted , the cypriot government would have been liable for the deposits in the greek banks , which would have also defaulted following the bank run . 
  the greek subsidiaries were spun off for a fraction of what they were worth , because everyone understood this danger was extremely high , and hence , would be extremely costly to the cypriots . 
   the best solution here was to spin the greek subsidiaries off , not to have the inevitable bank run for which the cypriot government ( which was already having trouble managing its debt ) would be liable . 
  so it seems that the cypriot subsidiaries in greece were an impending massive liability for the cypriot government and that 's why they were sold off . 
  not because they were forced to by those ne'er - do-wells , the ecb, 
  you said the people negotiating . 
  these people are n't negotiating , they 're lobbying . 
  it 's a pretty big difference . 
  also , that 's about ttip , not the tpp . 
  the examination is n't done in secret . 
  it goes before the house , the senate , congress , and a number of different committees . 
  from the moment negotiations finished , it 's completely public for around 3 months . 
   also most people that are negotating are tied to business and corporations . 
  this is just bullshit , i 'd love to see a source for this . 
  yeah ? 
  like what ? 
  yeah , and the articles interpretation of the ecb document was from some bizarre alternate reality . 
  you 're linking to that shitty press project article that has been debunked numerous times ? 
   are you gon na back that up with any reasoning or once again you gon na throw those kind of insults in the wind ? 
  like i said , because in australia we have a referendum to change the constitution . 
  otherwise , what might happen in ukraine ( where yanukovych was able to make it harder to have himself removed from office via constitutional matters because he controlled the parliament , basically ) is much more likely to occur . 
   do you understand the difference between `` less scrutiny '' and `` no scrutiny '' ? 
  the point is this treaty will get less scrutiny than regular bills and it would influence policies even more than them , since it is international agreement . 
  and this is simply wrong . 
  actually , the tpp will likely be scrutinized * more * than other bills for that very fact . 
  knowing that no changes can be made means that they 're going to spend more time examining it from every angle . 
  it 's amazing how you can make such sweeping generalizations about the field of economics , and presume to know so much about me and my beliefs as a result . 
  it 's just one of those buzzwords that people use to make things seem scary and threatening , like ` corporate ' . 
  / r/europe being racist again and bitching about moderation . 
  is it tuesday already ? 
  if you can not see the difference between how * removing all branding from a product * and * adding a small label about its origin * are different , then i do n't really know what to say . 
   mass 3rd world islamic immigration phrasing like this just makes you look ridiculous . 
  where was the part where i did a shift in discussion ? 
  i 'm pretty sure i was just arguing within context . 
  like i said , no one has paid me . 
  i 've just studied this at masters level .
