  actually , the first source you linked to went straight to the total payments , so how about you drop the snark in the future because you 're the one that did n't link properly . 
  he specifically said net contributor , that 's how it 's bullshit . 
  if you play with the numbers to disinclude the rebate , et cetera , you can make them say whatever you want , but in the sense of net contributions wunderbra is correct in their assertion of it being bullshit . 
  that 's right , is n't ? 
  second the krakow suggestion . 
  so many non-europeans seriously underrate the ` east ' . 
  cities like vilnius , tallinn , lviv , and krakow are just plain fantastic , a beautiful sight , a blast and cheap . 
  french arrest norwegian neo-nazi metal rocker convicted killer rapist taliban vaccination guy for fear of preparing a major terrorist attack . 
  ah well , that 's reddit eh ? 
  i never said the decision was n't unanimous , i was using that number as an example you dolt . 
  as to the rest of your garbage , the situations are similar , but not so comparable that cookie cutter solutions work . 
  now shoo fly , i 'm tired of dealing with your blather . 
  because , as i mentioned , there 's fundamentally no difference to 20 european nations saying it , or a supranational state saying it . 
  in fact , i think they 'd be more likely to take note of 20 states ( many of which would be in the g20 ) than of just the eu !, 
  i did n't think you were trying to make a point that stupid , so i put it down to your usual eurosceptic fearmongering which you 're so notorious for on / r/europe . 
  what aspect of my comment indicated i did n't know the actual history ? 
  please , i challenge you to point out where i displayed ignorance of it at all . 
  i think your friend ignores some important factors . 
  first , there needs to be more than political reforms , there need to be a massive societal shift away from how it presently views and deals with corruption . 
  this is n't the kind of change that happens in months , this takes generations . 
  second , and tied into that , government institutions simply are n't trustworthy - they 're arbitrary and unstable . 
  without having a strong institutional culture that provides for evidence based reform flexibility , that clamps down on corruption and nepotism , that prevents people from acting as local despots , any political reforms will take years to filter down to the lowest levels , if they ever do . 
  thirdly , when the putin-medvedev ruling combo finishes there 's going to be a turbulent time - whilst effective leaders are great ( and with these two , that 's debatable ) , unless there 's a strong leadership succesion mechanism then there will once again be instability and uncertainty when there 's a transition which cramps business investment and , given the personality politics of russia , could very well lead to wildly differing ` rulers ' each time this succession occurs , impacting on the first two points that i made . 
  now , they do n't necessarily have to turn russia into a democracy ( only the hopelessly uneducated consider russia to be one in anything but name ) - china 's succession mechanism has been wildly succesful - but they do need something , else every 10-20 years that there 's a changeover , things go bad . 
  as such , i ca n't see russia getting any better than the ` melahncholic ' scenario , and even that i 'm kind of sceptical about . 
  russian bookkeeping is notoriously unreliable . 
  you will find any topic to push your euroscepticism , wo n't you ? 
  let me know if you can do similar kind of spin for this one !, 
  `` the best icecream comes from china '', 
  says the dude on reddit , who posts his opinions on stories and fragments of personal details . 
  the eu , obviously . 
  whilst in university , just go to whatever your universities version of an international programmes office is . 
  weird , whenever i make this same clarification i get a ton of downvotes . 
  oh , right . 
  thanks !, 
  you 're thinking somaliland i think , the most powerful of the proto-somalian power formations . 
  go to new zealand , i hear it 's a paradise there !, 
  australia is pretty terrible though , do n't go there . 
  those that 've been tweaked to have drought resistance and stuff , do so at the cost of nutrition . 
  we are n't even close to predicting regional weather patterns , let alone global ones or long term patterns , so i think it 's unreasonable to say ` technology will save u ' . 
  as to the rest , i do n't know what that 's about , but i presume you 've been drinking as much as i have tonight , 
  i feel you 're ignoring a lot of other variables , such as global climate change which will heavily impact predictable agricultural production , and global oil prices which heavily affect food prices , gmo varieties not being as nutritious as ` natural , and so forth . 
  still , the eu population is shrinking so it wo n't be affected as much . 
  i 'm currently in poland , 30mbit , unlimited download . 
  do you have any shows , movies , video games , or what have you to peruse ? 
  i 've run out of ideas . 
  the economist has always defined itself as being radical centrist - neither left , nor right , but rather taking unconventional solutions from the entire political spectrum . 
  lately , they 've take a considerably more right wing neoliberal/conservative stance than in the past and ignoring or outright denigrating almost anything to do with social movements in the west , anything to do with activism for individual privacy , social justice/fairness , etc. 
   not the same conversation . 
  a separate one with another person . 
  which is the point . 
  and you still have n't edited your original post where you `` mispoke '' . 
  why is that ? 
  because it 's a submission with less than 40 comments , i 've explained that . 
  in such a small subreddit , you do n't have to restate everything in every comment . 
  and i have n't edited it , because the submission is more than a day old and frankly i do n't think anyone is going to read it . 
   i 've seen you enter into this sort of behavior before , in regards to the cap . 
  you essentially try and pull rank by saying `` believe what i say , because i wrote a dissertation on it '' , which is kind of a dick move . 
  and then it takes a dozen posts with a dozen links to get you to climb down on the subject . . and before long , you 're back in another thread claiming exactly the same thing about the cap . 
  first , how is that in any way similar behaviour ? 
  not even in the slightest . 
  second , i 'd hazard that i know more about the cap than 99 % of people that comment frequently on / r/europe at the least . 
  i let them know that i wrote a masters thesis so that they can choose how to discern information . 
  if someone claime they 'd written a masters thesis about something i only had passing knowledge of , i 'd take their words to heart because they 're probably considerably better educated than i about it . 
  i make an argument . 
  i ca n't be fucked making the same argument a hundred times to a hundred different people , so i simplify by saying that . 
  if people choose to believe me , great . 
  if they do n't , well that 's their choice . 
  there 's no dick move about it . 
  it 's not a trump card i pull , it 's a way of letting other people discern if the information is likely coming from someone knowledgeable or someone talking out of their arse . 
   i 'm calling them like i see them . 
  people who knowingly make false arguments just to score points need to be called on it . 
  it 's not malice , but its certainly not intellectually honest . 
  i did n't knowingly make a false argument , as i 've tried to explain before . 
  one thread is n't a conversation in a submission with less than 50 comments , the entire comment section is the conversation . 
  regardless , i 've tagged you now as i see you . 
  i stated in the same conversation that i poorly worded my post , for anyone to see , and with a timestamp before the message from salvaxe . 
  now you keep coming around and accusing me of deliberately misleading people , when there is record in the very same submission that i 've stated that 's not what i mean . 
  you 're kinda being a dick by attributing malice where there was none , and i 'm defending myself from that . 
  i do n't know where the one eighth number came from . 
  but regardless , representative democracy is n't a simple concept like ` one free , equal , direct , secret vote ' . 
  there 's a whole host of different processes involved in modern democracy which has gone way beyond such simple processes as that . 
  there 's entire notions of contacting your mps , strategic voting , putting in safeguards against the tyranny of the majority , the party/cabinet system that are all fundamentally ` undemocratic ' when taken in simple terms like that , but which for pragmatic reasons ( fairness , technological limitations , etc ) serve to water down ` democracy ' . 
  remember , we do n't live in a democracy , we live in a ` liberal democracy ' or a ` social democracy ' in europe . 
  this means that sometimes the liberal or social part has to give way to democratic part and vice versa . 
  in australia , for example , we have a system of compulsory voting . 
  in our liberal democracy , we decided that going to vote takes precedence over the ` liberal ' part that says we should only vote if we want to , in order to have a more democratic outcome . 
  similar compromises happen all the time , everywhere , in modern governments . 
  personally , i think we need to rethink how we want our societies to be in this age of technology . 
  there 's been disappointingly little political experimentation in western democracies over the last 50 years . 
  now we have technology like the internet , the ability for people to quickly become informed about an issue , and the like . 
  maybe it would be worth getting rid of the secret ballot to allow people to have some kind of technological ` liquid democracy ' ? 
  there are dozens of such possible compromises that could be made to have a possibly more democratic society . 
  instead , changes in how our societies function have been driven by outside forces . 
  by the introduction of the 24 hour news cycle ( something i consider to have been abused and has lessened democracy ) , by media magnates . 
  by the refinement of effective lobbying practices . 
  it 's not the people driving these changes for the benefit of the people , it 's the elites for the benefit of the elites . 
  time for some change and experimentation , thinks i. 
  there was recently that proposal in the ep to vote on the budget in secret . 
  i supported that , not because i thought it was a good idea , but because it 's finally some experimentation with democracy and i hoped it would 've started more of a debate for further experimentation .
