  so at every stage , they 're being chosen by people you 've elected . 
  this is set to change , as per prestian 's post technically , in the uk , you do n't vote for the executive either . 
  the governing party/coalition gets to choose who makes up the executive , so this is fundamentally on a comparable level of democracy to the uk . 
  the president of the european parliament is chosen by a majority in the ep . 
  this has historically been split by the two largest parties , who have been cooperating for some two dozen years . 
  the ecj has their judges appointed rather than elected , as in many countries . 
  if the ecj finds something to be contrary to eu law , then it is contrary to the national law of the member state , by virtue of the treaties that have been signed by the member states ( thus making those treaties part of national law ) . 
  if you 're referring to the eu interfering with referendums , it ca n't really , beyond some marketing of itself . 
  the eu has no power to call for referendums , nor does it have power to remove heads of state . 
  nigel farage is a twat . 
  i have a mate that met him about 5 years back at a dinner , he said the guy was an intellectual nothing that had gotten into his head decades ago that the eu was bad and was incapable of new thought ever since . 
  and my mate that said this was a libertarian eurosceptic who wants the uk out of the eu , so he should be a natural ally of the guy . 
  could you state your country , please ? 
  well , as i said , my issue was more that it was the kind of report you publish to make headlines ( and thus drum up business ) , and that was my chief concern . 
  but regardless there 's no link to any kind of methodology or system of determining how they came up with these predictions within the report itself , so without seeing something like that i 'd have to say it 's just a bunk prediction to promote the company . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'd love it if the uk economy kicked it up a couple of notches . 
  i just tend not to believe things based on face value , i want to see the numbers and methodology behind it . 
  simply put , without seeing the numbers behind the predictions , the report is useless to me . 
  i really do n't know why you 're bringing any of this up . 
   because those already speak the language . 
  i 'm less certain of that these days . 
  most people under 40 speak some degree of english in europe , but to really learn a language well enough to be in a highly trained position you need more than a basic knowledge - for that you need someone that 's had a great deal of experience , and an appreciation for , the language . 
  i 've met many swedes and germans over the years , and their english tends to be the highest of the non-native countries , but even there , on average , i 'd say they would n't have quite the level required for many high value jobs . 
  so whilst english may seem the obvious one , i know a german physicist that speaks impeccable polish , an estonian political scientist that speaks impeccable german , and so on ... because they have appreciations and understandings of the language . 
  for menial work , sure , basic english is fine , but not the the high skill jobs where i think there 's a wider pool that can be diverted towards countries such as france and germany . 
  yep , food ( and alcohol ! , ) prices were obscene when i was living in sweden . 
  they, 
  you know how sometimes you 're drawn to observing a horrific accident ? 
  yeah , i just had that . 
  most people here understand malthusian catastrophe , it was just a stupid comment . 
  you 're mistaken in a couple of areas . 
  agricultural trade is n't liberalized , there are still market support prices within the eu guaranteeing minimum prices for certain goods . 
  honestly , if it 's not an issue of latvians not taking advantage of cap funds , then i think it comes more to demographic issues - it 's been about 25 years since the wall fell and there was a surge in the birth rate , maybe many young latvians are giving up agricultural traditions and moving to the cities/abroad whilst their parents are retiring ? 
  because a large part of it is income support - trying to make sure farmers i a country are n't living in poverty or in financially distressed conditions . 
  100 euros per hectare will go a lot further in latvia than it would in france or germany . 
  pillar one payments are essentially income support payments , they 're highly related to living wages in the country . 
  pillar two are for the land ( development , environmental sustainability , etc - remember the west is much more advanced in this area than the east ) and are higher than average in the eu , you 're doing well there . 
  do you think much of this might be because many latvians would not know how to access cap funds ? 
  it was a joke mate !, 
  you are just so comical . 
  pah , positivus happens in latvia , it 's a latvian festival !, 
  full of estonians !, 
  stalker ? 
  i saw a salient point and i commented . 
  the point was more about commonalities . 
  i have more in common with the libdems in the uk than the current government in australia , both politically and socially . 
  but you could keep your cultural identity anyway in a federalised eu !, 
  i mean , you could still have a festival in the north of your country in the late summer that 's full of estonian speakers . 
  i mean , what 's more latvian than a festival filled with estonians ? 
  that would n't change !, 
  are you telling me you do n't identify more closely with a gay islamophobic mp from the uk , to a progressive , multiculturalist mp from aalborg ? 
  one day , mate , you 'll realize that misrepresenting people 's arguments is a shitty way to argue if you want to gain anything out of it more than a temporary boost to your ego . 
  i do n't disagree that the british empire was a net negative force , but the source you provided for invading so many countries is absolutely riddled with holes . 
  maybe it 's more hat you have your head stuck in a cloud of blind nationalism/patriotism ? 
  yeah , that 's why you get a rebate on the cap . 
  mate , all i can say is that you 're absolutely dreaming and have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  commonwealth countries would never agree to it . 
  when the commonwealth trading agreements were smashed due to uk joining the eu , we had to orient our trade away and respecialize . 
  simply put , the commonwealth is an outdated and unimportant to most commonwealth countries , and they would never sacrifice their new ties for british ones . 
  it was during ww2 that australia and new zealand realized they could n't rely on britain to underwrite their security and turned to the us instead . 
  mexico got fucked by nafta , and whilst the us had more in those negotiations , there 's still a power imbalance in favour of the us in these ones . 
  incidentally , you 're not actually canadian are you ? 
  with respect to the first paragraph , that 's not a pov - that 's fact . 
  that 's simply how international negotiation has worked for centuries , bar a few exceptions . 
  with the second , then that 's a fault with your democracy . 
  do something about it if you do n't like it . 
  treat the cause , not the symptom . 
  you live in a democratic society , you have the power to do that . 
  if your politicians do n't read what they signed then that 's the fault with your democratic society that elected such shitty politicians , and not with the negotiations . 
  final paragraph , we disagree and i eagerly await your refutation . 
  it 's not antiamericanism , it 's skepticism of their own elites doing a deal that 's good for europe . 
  and i sympathise , the us has more leverage over the eu than vice versa . 
  that , and there are a bunch of communists and far left socialists on this subreddit . 
  and your original comment was pretty stupid too . 
  holy shit dude , what 's with the aggression ? 
  i mentioned nothing about the society , i was talking the style of governance . 
  do you go nuclear with everyone that disagrees with you ? 
  i would say exactly the same thing to you . 
  athena was far from a perfect government , it was considerably worse than modern ones , and it operates in a system that was considerably less complicated than todays, 
  we 'll in that case is like to remind you of churchills famous quote , ` the best argument against democracy is a two minute conversation with the average voter ' . 
  say what you will about politicians , but they 're masters of building compromise/consensus of a broadly acceptable level . 
  yeah , see , that 's a ridiculously trite thing to say . 
  what do you want , a revolution ? 
  because * some * get those kinds of jobs ( and it 's usually not because they 've helped a bill in the past , but rather because they have access to current movers and shakers ) en all politicians are corrupt , all deals are suspect , etc ? 
  dual national . 
  pretty much all international negotiation , particularly those related to trade , are done in secret . 
  every textbook on international negotiations covers this . 
  it 's the only way to find n acceptable middle ground in negotiations . 
  read up on putnam 's two level game theory for a more detailed explanation . 
  sometimes negotiators have to ask big businesses ( who are the experts one how such deals would effect them ) for their input . 
  that 's perfectly reasonable , it 's not as if negotiators just copy paste what corporate lobbyists told them to put in , they balance their word with the needs of all other stakeholders . 
  regardless , for the treaty to go into effect it needs to be ratified by parliament , which means those that you elected have the chance to read through it . 
  if they feel they have n't had enough time , they can always vote against until they feel they have . 
  second , the democratic deficit that people always complain about is bullshit . 
  it 's a myth spun by people that do n't understand either how the eu system works , or have some strange notion of what democracy is . 
  only big corporations ? 
  our democratically elected representatives have a say as well , do n't spout garbage, 
  yeah . 
  where 's the evidence there was any conspiracy to commit acts of terrorism or murder ( aside from after the fact ? ), 
  none has been released , and i doubt there was anything more than circumstantial evidence - certainly not something that could be brought up and have them locked up following due process to prevent the crime .
