  but now that i 've read a little bit more of the case , it 's also entirely possible that it 's as / u/ortcutt was saying [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1ztbsz/the_french_train_company_sncf_has_been_told_it/cfwvi3e ) . 
  it might 've been a case on my side of ` to a hammer , everything looks like a nail ' . 
  oh yes , as is the world of main battle tanks . 
  that 's why i argued that they were single role planes , but customizable , as opposed to a whole new design for the ground attack army planes , or a whole new design for air superiority navy planes, 
  it kinda swings between political needs and military procurement needs . 
  but the f-22 , the f-16 are built as single role planes , but customizable for certain roles . 
  admittedly , i have n't kept up as well as i could 've and a lot of my knowledge has slipped , but these are the general trends between the us and the eu when it comes to the link between military procurement and protectionism . 
  yes , that is very true , and no one should take from my comment that the eu is innocent and the us is a bully ( in truth , they both are bullies ) . 
  one of my first lines was that ' it 's interesting to see the different styles used by the eu and the us when it comes to protectionism ' . 
  but since the topic is us protectionism , that 's the angle i went for . 
  this is a statement i 've been saying since the crimea crisis began , but the tartars are a crimean minority that is anti-russian as they remember the deportations to central asia under stalin . 
  russia can conduct as many fake referendums as they want in crimea , but the state of ukraine still has an obligation to protect their minority tartar population that would be marginalized and discriminated against if recent russian history is anything to go by . 
  hrm , well then that would be structural rather than institutional racism . 
  he 's saying examples such as ` danish law prohibits there being more than 5 % muslim employees ' . 
  discrimination against muslims that 's written into law . 
  which is true , i 've never come across any such example , but i 'm not exactly the most well read on the subject . 
  what ? 
  i never criticized denmark . 
  in fact , my opening post here was very positive about it ( just critical about users such as yourself who dislike muslims ) . 
  regardless , everything you 've written is laughable . 
  you have every right to defend yourself . 
  but i doubt that you could , because there 's probably not a single post by you that portrays muslims in a positive light , especially if there has been any mention of homophobia in the thread . 
  and your bullshit attempt to paint me as a pedophile sympathizer earlier was so blatantly a lie as to be not funny . 
  criticize me for stuff i 've actually said if you must , but do n't make shit up because going down that path is just not going to go well for either of us . 
  you have said many things critical of muslims and immigration policies related to them , i 've never spoken about pedophilia . 
  yeah , i guess [ this exchange never happened ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1sb9yy/did_you_know_the_european_green_party_is_staging/cdvtjs9 ) , despite being on the front page of my ` top comments ' . 
  [ this exchange from a few days ago never happened either ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1zm29d/is_there_any_practical_feasible_way_in_which/cfuwlm5?context=3 ) . 
  and i could bring out at least four or five others to substantiate that i 'm a big opponent of the german greens . 
  but you would not be able to find a single comment to substantiate your claim , because i never said any such thing . 
  someone scrolling through your post history however , particularly if they knew one scandinavian tongue , would find plenty of anti-muslim comments ( admittedly usually in the context of islamic homophobia , but that never stopped you painting all of them in the same brush ) . 
  what ? 
  i never did any such thing , and in fact i 've only ever criticized the german green party on reddit . 
  with you , however , there is ample evidence from your past posts that you 're highly prejudiced against muslims, 
  i would n't say it 's seen as undervalued . 
  rather , people realize there 's a strong likelihood that the other european governments will prevent greece from defaulting , but the prevailing social unrest makes it uncertain that the greek government will continue with the euro . 
  who knows what populist party will capture 35 % of the vote next election , or what crisis would push for that outcome ? 
  you repeatedly and incessantly rail against muslims , and are more than happy to generalize them . 
  just because one time of ` foreign ' food has become ubiquitous throughout the world and you 're eating that now , does n't change the fact that you 're a xenophobe . 
  well , i 'm a bit shaky on this since it 's been about four years since i was working on it , but i 'll give it a go . 
  no , defense procurement ( and development ) is an implicit , not explicit subsidy , and would not count as illegal support as it would 've been developed under the parent company and the parent company would have the rights to it . 
  sometimes , however , it 's a bit of a grey area . 
  for example , the british government gifted ( or sold for a song , i do n't recall which ) , land to eads so that it could be used as testing ground . 
  that was one of the findings against eads in the wto , as the uk should 've had them either pay for it , lease it , or use some of their other grounds . 
  the us has an advantage in subsidization because , first , it 's rather centralized compared to the eu ( witness the various kinds of fighters developed by the french , swedish , british which have similar roles ) , versus the us which as a single government can buy a single kind of plane for the one purpose instead of developing three different ones for three different state needs ) . 
  in fact , i recall reading an article recently that the army was pleading for no more tanks , as they were being built for political considerations only ( keeping manufacturing alive in key places ) . 
  this makes it much easier for the us to subsidize it 's multi-role giant companies such as bechtel and boeing . 
  in addition , the us spends about double per capita as the eu on defence , so it 's much easier for them so subsidize more companies through wasteful defence procurement , than in the eu where companies like bae , saab , and so on compete heavily between nations . 
  hardly so . 
  they both involve military/security assets acting outside their territory on the backing of their home government and with no identifying markings or any legal authority to be there , to create a certain political outcome . 
  they 're both state sponsored terrorists . 
  yep , it 's undoubtedly protectionism . 
  the us has a very long history of this , and it 's interesting to see the different styles used by the eu and the us when it comes to protectionism . 
  in this case , they know that the french have a case they could successfully argue in court ... 
  but there 'd be no resolution in the time before a contract is signed , meaning the french would just lose legal costs for no benefit . 
  i once wrote about something pretty relevant with respect to aircraft and steel subsidies , i 'll shamelessly repost it here  take the boeing-airbus spat . 
  in '92 the us unilaterally withdrew from an agreement with the eu on how to handle large civil aircraft ( lca ) trade and subsidisation , an agreement that was supposed to stabilise market share for the respective aircraft manufacturers . 
  airbus had been slowly taking on market share up to 92 ( and beyond ) to the point that the us decided that liberalized trade was n't in their interest and cancelled the deal . 
  a short time later , the uruguay round went into effect creating the wto which prompted the us to take the eu to court for illegal lca subsidies on multiple occasions ( the eu always countersued , pretty much a day later - it seems they always were prepared but never wanted to take the first shot ) . 
  both eventually won parts of their cases , and the process repeated a couple of times . 
  wto laws when it comes to dispute resolution require an outcome in a relatively short time ( around 12-18 months is the longest it can take , depending on appeal , if i recall correctly - forgive me , i 'm not at home so do n't have access to all my old notes ) . 
  the complexity involved in the case made the short timeframe woefully insufficient for full comprehension to deal with the myriad claims and counter-claims involved , it was a good old fashioned exercise in flinging shit at the wall and seeing what sticks . 
  i browsed through one of the documents that involved suggestions and recommendations from supporting wto members , and it was more than a thousand pages of disjointed legalese full of advising member opinion , notes , etc. 
   the problem on the side of the eu was , though , that the pentagon pretty much implicitly subsidized boeing which the eu could n't do with eads ( airbus ' parent company ) due to the different way that military procurement occurs in the two areas . 
  this was particularly evident with the mid air refuelling aircraft contract that was started in the early 2000s , worth about a hundred billion dollars . 
  boeing initially won the deal , but an ethics scandal involving boeing bigwigs and air force personal scuppered the deal . 
  following a renewed round of bidding , eads won the contract to work together with an american company , northrop-grumman , with the major winning factor being increased fuel capacity . 
  analysts said that eads was the clear winner . 
  boeing immediately launched a massive public relations and lobbying campaign about american jobs , and sent a number of protest points to the us government calling for a re-tender . 
  this was eventually accepted , and this time northrop-grumman pulled out of the partnership for the bidding ( interestingly , the timing coincided with a change of leadership in northropp-grumman ) . 
  eads soon followed suit , claiming that the new terms of the tender were designed to clearly favour boeing by having the planes be smaller . 
  most industry analysts were shocked by the decision , and following a meeting between sarkozy and obama , the tender offer was extended by 60 days . 
  eads once again lost , and did n't contest because they said it was clear that there was overwhelming political pressure to award the contract to boeing , as well as flagrant institutional bias towards that outcome . 
  winning the original bid due to fuel capacity , but then losing because they wanted smaller planes ? 
  does n't seem to make a great deal of sense . 
   then there 's the frequent steel trade spats the eu has had with the us . 
  the eu has taken the us to court multiple times on the issue of steel , beginning in 2000 when they found that the us was unfairly distributing proceeds from countervailing tariffs to companies that filed the claims in the first place , effectively subsidizing the us steel industry . 
  the eu won on this occasion ... and the next , and the next , and the next , all to do with how the us calculated those countervailing duties and distributed them to steel companies . 
  in 2002 , when bush jr was seeking to get a vote passed in congress to fast track the signing of ftas ( ha !, 
  ) , he imposed illegal tariffs on steel of 30 % to help out a few wavering congressmen ( the us steel industry had been ailing for some time ) . 
  the eu took them to court , after imposing illegal tariffs on steel in retaliation themselves , and won of course . 
  but for more than a year those tariffs were in effect , and bush jr won the vote in congress by one . 
   and that 's just on some of the shady actions governments take on this stuff . 
  unilaterally withdrawing suddenly , favouring domestic companies , illegally imposing tariffs . 
  the us can do that because it 's one of the world largest economies . 
  imagine if they acted like that with respect to ghana or papua new guinea , they would n't have a chance . 
  as part of a larger trading bloc , however , they have far more leverage and capability to withstand bullying . 
  it 's one of the reasons i 'm so big a supporter of the eu . 
  with the seeming death of the doha round ( it 's alive , but there 's no political will to spend on pushing it through ) , you need to be a big fish or you can be eaten by one at any time . 
  ( on tablet , sorry for poor formatting/spelling/whatever ) funnily enough , part of doha passed a few months ago . 
  but they left all the most contentious issues , and those are the ones pushed for by poorer countries , and this round is n't finished - those issues are still on the table . 
  if the west wants another round passed after this one , they 're going to have to make some serious concessions . 
  just judging by reddit , i 'd be tempted to agree . 
  i think half the people with danish flags ( such as / u/viking83 or the guy that pmd me a while ago threatening me away from / r/europe and admitting they were from stormfront ) i see are xenophobes . 
  that said , i 've spent some time in denmark and have a bunch of danish friends and havent seen a hint of racism in any of them . 
  and even there are danish users here like / u/simonask who readily disprove the notion that denmark is a racist cesspool . 
  sure , i imagine denmark has it 's issues with racism like any country does . 
  but it 's not overrun by it . 
  western sanctions now !, 
  spin0 once again invading a thread with facts and figures !, 
  when will this flagrant breach of the norms of reddit end ?
