  that said , i do n't think it 's the reason he 's annexing crimea . 
  the hypocrisy you 're displaying is repugnant . 
  institutional party culture is always strongest in older established parties . 
  this might allow the current party to have some dynamism and throw off the shackles of prior party leadership . . 
  i 'm not saying they 're fantastic , mind you , just that i want to wait a bit and see what they turn into before making a judgement . 
  how is the eu being used as a front for eastern nato expansion ? 
  there is no criteria that eu member states must be part of nato , and i did n't see anyone offering nato or eu membership to the east . 
  sorry , i do n't think you have any better options than the one i presented to you ( if that even is an option ) . 
  best of luck , though . 
  i imagine the cost to be triple what 's quoted at least . 
  they built a bridge in the far east to a town that has only fifty thousand inhabitants - which cost around five billion euro from what i recall . 
  it gets barely any traffic . 
  ukraine is considerably stronger , militarily , than georgia . 
  secondly , he 's already experiencing economic stress from the crimea annexation , a full blown war would destroy his foreign currency and gold reserves , and decimate the russian economy ,, 
  you might be able to get polish citizenship if some of your heritage is polish . 
  one of my ukrainian friends tried to get that as her grandfather was relocated as part of operation wisla , but he refuses to acknowledge any polish blood in himself as he 's still terrified and traumatised from those times of being labelled as polish or some such . 
  sounds more like isolationism and ethnonationalism than independence to me . 
  are you some kind of international socialist ` no borders ' type ? 
  the two are not mutually exclusive . 
  my contention is merely that cameron is working in what he thinks are the interests of the british people , however misguided he is in doing so . 
  to call him a shill of international corporatocracy seems unfair at best . 
  respectfully , i disagree . 
  i certainly do n't think these proposed reforms are a good idea , but if the rationale is to keep the uk in the eu , and to make it the favoured destination for multinationals , then i think they 'd be very effective reforms , and given the tory dogma that a rising tide lifts all boats , i think they believe they 've got the uk 's best interests at heart . 
  it does sound very appealing . 
  we 'll see what it turns into when it calcifies a bit . 
  for the moment , cautious optimism is the order of the day . 
  i mean , i 'm always a bit wary of posts that try and blame ` the corporations ' , and i think you might have slightly the wrong idea here . 
  the uk is trying to position itself as the premier business-investment country within the eu , where most companies will want to invest money and create jobs , over france , germany , italy , etc. 
  it 's not some kind of corporatist system , it 's just the only way cameron 's government can think of to make the uk first amongst equals . 
  jeez , mate , all i can say is that i absolutely and fundamentally disagree with you . 
  you replied to the wrong person , yo . 
  none of that serves to replace ` national identities ' . 
  no one is telling people ` you cant be german ' or ` you cant be polish ' . 
  just as i have multiple identities ( australian , melbournian , european , etc ) , so can everyone else . 
  so again , how is the eu forcing people to abandon their national identity ? 
  they 're also bound to it because it 's a requirement of eu membership , from what i understand . 
  historically , ownership of arms has been considerably looser than it is now , hence why it 's not ` progressive ' , but rather ` regressive ' . 
   i find the criticism of the european court of human rights quite hard to understand ` sovereignty ', 
  if this is what the uk wants , it 's better to let the uk and the eu part amicably and try to come up with a new agreement . 
  admittedly , the uk will have a worse conditions than it currently does , but at least they 'll get to keep their much-vaunted sovereignty . 
  fortunately , most of the 2004 accession countries will be more than happy to veto this . 
  sorry cameron , i know you paint yourself as broadly pro-eu , but you 've just been pushed into giving the ` yes ' vote to leaving the eu a huge helping hand given how many brits view it as an emotional sovereignty argument , rather than a rational one , and the near certainty that none , if any , of these reforms will pass . 
  i read once that the cities were predominantly german . 
  hence why the clock tower in krakow , which used to be connected to the ( now demolished ) town hall is called the * ratusz * , from rathaus . 
  that 's not exactly the case . 
  most of the profits will go to shareholders in the form of dividends , which tend to be various kind of funds ( including probably even polish pension funds in this case ) , and to further expansion of the company . 
  if poles are so worried about money fleeing the country in that form , they should just start buying shares in the company themselves . 
  sorry i 'm more tempted to agree with the eu 's report . 
  unless you can provide some evidence of your claims ? 
  fascinating !, 
  never krew the differences were so stark between the two . 
   excuse me while i laugh . 
  yes , the eu could offer such an arrangement to russia but only if it agreed on reducing corruption , money laundering and ensuring the rule of law . 
  indeed . 
  the aa offered to ukraine included many stipulations about reforms that ukraine would have to undertake to strengthen the judiciary and reduce corruption . 
  that 's simply not going to happen in russia . 
  i ca n't really find serious fault with anything you wrote . 
  it 's for developed countries . 
  china is still developing, 
  i do n't see what the wiki page you linked has to do with straightening bananas . 
  english ? 
  ( coming from an aussie that learnt near fluent swedish and polish ), 
  i do n't suppose you could rewrite that ? 
  i 'm having difficulty understanding what you 're saying . 
  how is it becoming increasingly crazy and undemocratic ? 
  i suppose you can point to a couple of examples that prove this trend ? 
  xkenq is known as an anarcho-capitalist moron that thinks women should n't have the right to vote and are inferior to men . 
  best to just ignore him and his bullshit . 
  i have n't seen that yet , got a link ? 
  they fell in large part because of the crisis in russia . 
  there 's a reason the energy sector made gains , whilst all the others slumped . 
  because in this case , russia just invaded another country . 
  skin pigment . 
  fundamentally , no different from telling a blonde from a brunette . 
  race does n't exist . 
  no , but all that tells me is their skin pigment . 
  do i know if they grew up in australia , europe , asia , africa , south america , north america , antarctica ? 
  i feel like you 've ignored everything i 've said . 
  with the four examples i gave ( solomon islands , timor leste , mali , congo ) , western governments , through their military actions , prevented a great deal of suffering , objectively more than the brief bit of violence they caused there added to it . 
  timor leste was almost a genocide . 
  and you 're saying you do n't think our governments should prevent genocide ? 
  so you 're saying you 're happy to let a democratic country to fall to fascist islamists who will terrorize a population of a million , just so some of your soldiers do n't have psychological damage ? 
  stormfront popsci journals ? 
  so you 've been reading much stormfront lately ? 
  lol . 
  race is n't a scientific concept anyway , it 's a bullshit pseudoscientific sociological construct devised some two hundred years ago that has no basis in reality . 
  in all likelihood , your ancestors probably fucked some black people , and if you go back far enough they were black people . 
  deal with it . 
  yep . 
  there 's an immense amount of planning to be done beforehand , let alone the actual construction . 
  yeah , just germany under merkel wo n't be the one to impose any of that damage . 
  i really do n't understand why serbians are so unabashedly pro-russian , can someone explain it ? 
  american media is n't the only media in the world . 
  you guys should try and model your laws on australia 's , we have some very effective regulation that does n't kill the industry . 
  jesus guys , they 're just exercising their rights under the eu . 
  blame your own governments for structuring the eu that way , not luxembourg . 
  so in your eyes , his problem was communication and not effectiveness ? 
  really ? 
  i thought , all-in-all , monti was a capable administrator and reformer ? 
  svoboda is not a neo-nazi group .
