  they have warned it , but they should n't join yet . 
  they need to institute reforms to get in line with eu criteria, 
  you remember a vastly different subreddit to me in that case . 
  i remember a sub where people were not being banned for suggesting gunning down all the men women and children on the boats in international waters . 
  but pmi lost those cases ... how is that proof that something is bad ? 
  europe shits on everyone . 
  the difference is you do n't get swarms of german or belgian or swedish nationals in there telling them that they , and the eu are idiotic , or ignoring the copious evidence that brexit will likely be a bad outcome for the u.k.j, 
  that does make it more clear , aye, 
  whut, 
  in no way is that whataboutism . 
  it 's putting things into perspective . 
   the asylum process is a much more critical one than most govermen so you 're fine with the justice department letting rapists and murders off because of errors , but errors in asylum are unforgivable ? 
  you 're fine with the health department having many more unnecessary deaths , but errors in the asylum process are unforgivable ? 
  government departments fail in a million different ways every day . 
  do you think asylum processing is somehow special and should be immune ? 
  anecdotal , but i met some navy people that were very pro refugees . 
  is there a difference in such views between the different services ? 
   its current form is n't really sustainable . 
  many countries in the area have more refugees there than in the entirety of the eu . 
  he spoke french . 
  a substantial portion of educated syrians speak french , and given the shortage of translators , they may well have shoved him off to a french speaker for processing as a result . 
  the fingerprints on the gun would match that of a recorded asylum seeker . 
  that 's where the issue lies . 
  also remember this the next time people say `` why should we intervene '' . 
  the western world has failed so many times , that it 's sad that former yugoslavia is seen as one of the closest we 've gotten to a ` success ' in a serious large scale intervention . 
  wto does n't have the power to strike it down . 
  they can only choose to give it the legitimacy of international law or not . 
  the end effect is the same though . 
  countervailing duties , as in most trade disputes ? 
  what kind of stupid comment is this ? 
  no one is claiming all black people share an ethnicity . 
  this is simply wildly inaccurate . 
  undermine ? 
  this article makes me support him more , never knew that was his stance previously . 
  you know there are black jews as well , right ? 
  how do you explain that , since jews are an ethnicity ? 
  by the law of ` secret legislation does n't exist ' , plus the fact that it would be a mixed agreement and hence would need to be enacted by every member state via a vote of parliament + the ep + the rules of the us , which require the agreement to be public for a year + before ratification ? 
  trade agreements are n't there to completely make everything the same . 
  they 're targeted approached at what will make things * better * , with some give and take . 
  but that 's not how standards will be ` harmonised ' . 
  what they do is they go through all the various regulations , and for each one they compare it to the other market . 
  if they 're found to be mutually equivalent ( that is , same level of safety yet arbitrarily different ) then they agree to accept the others certification on that product . 
  it 's not at all about raising or lowering standards . 
  just finding where they 're the functionally the same , yet arbitrarily divergent . 
  you say that , as if that 's what ttip would do . 
  by law , it will be public for more than a year before ratification . 
  those two are the only real candidates . 
  the haircut was n't to states , but to creditors . 
  not just the german electorate . 
  i 'm supportive of a haircut to ease the burden provided that this is a mutual agreement between the parties , but i can also see that politically this is n't possible - no country is going to do it unilaterally , and it 's not going to happen unanimously , at least right now . 
  i love everything you post that 's not in german ( if only because i do n't speak german ) . 
  yeah , it 's solidarity ( though some would unsympathetically call it charity ) . 
  really , the greeks are getting a fantastic deal which is n't screwing over the taxpayers of all the countries that bailed them out in the first place . 
  i 'm supportive of a haircut to ease the burden provided that this is a mutual agreement between both parties , but i can also see that politically this is n't possible - no country is going to do it unilaterally , and it 's not going to happen unanimously , at least right now . 
  there were also interest return stipulations on the eu loans provided that certain criteria were met , iirc, 
  i do n't think that 's fair . 
  the situations in syria and iraq are completely different . 
  great , looks like nows the time to go on a snowboard trip to lithuania !, 
  politicians act like politicians , big surprise . 
  so it 's not possible . 
  well that 's just not possible politically at the moment . 
  hence , the only option is greece accepts what 's on offer , or it default . 
  if another solution were possible , they would have done it by now . 
  and who is supposed to pay for that ? 
  it 's not a matter of what people can have , it 's about what people can enforce . 
  russia will never be a world power because russia does n't have force projection capabilities , like aircraft carriers , amphibious landing ships and the requisite escorts . 
  i do n't think you really understand how the world works , mate . 
  yeah , but the way you said it seemed to paint the people providing the money in a negative light . 
  i was just wondering whether you thought there was a different solution that should be taken ? 
  who honestly expects a politician to commit political suicide right before the election ? 
  it 's just a matter of keeping greeces head above water until the german elections . 
  what 's the alternative for greece ? 
  cheers , do n't know where i got 8 % from !, 
  and i think it 's 8 % in sweden , no ? 
  i never advocated russia having the possibility to join , i was clarifying your ambivalent statement, 
  i 'm curious , what are some of these rights you have to resign ? 
  it 's not anti russian , because it 's not there to attack russia . 
  it does , however , exist primarily due to a fear of the soviet union that still exists to this day in the form of russia . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  all the eu would have to do is veto any proposal it does n't want . 
  it would hold the exact same amount of power as it did before . 
  for a resolution to pass , there has to be no disagreeing votes from the permanent security council members . 
  yes , they 're direct payments , but they 're not based on output , but rather on total land operable land of the agricultural producer . 
  it has nothing to do with producing a certain amount . 
  edit : regardless , i do n't see any need necessarily to lessen the cap budget . 
  it needs reform , sure , but if you consider that the us spends [ $ 151 billion ] ( http://www.obpa.usda.gov/budsum/fy13budsum.pdf ) on its agriculture policy , for the size of japan 's agricultural sector , it also spends a good deal more than the eu , australia spent [ $ 1.6 billion ] ( http://www.daff.gov.au/__data/assets/pdf_file/0004/1907590/2011-12budget.pdf ) despite being 25 times smaller in population, 
  the guy is wrong regarding the cap . 
  i outlined why [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/13nrrg/a_question_regarding_the_eu_budget_negotiations/c75loih ) . 
   most of the cap for example is paid out to farmers based on the amount they produce . 
  well this is just plain wrong . 
  most of it is spent on either structural reform of the agricultural sector ( for example , assisting farmers in converting from oversupplied agricultural produce like wine , to more competitive produce ) , environmental and sustainability projects , or payments decoupled from production . 
  these decoupled payments ensure during years of oversupply , producers dont go out of business to ensure food security , and also allow small farmers to have a decent standard of living . 
   on the general growth question , the poorer countries are n't just growing due to eu funding ( the above mentioned co-payments are getting some poorer countries into a lot of debt [ 1 ] ) . 
  in most cases they are catching up lost time due to political problems ( e.g. 
  ussr ) in the recent past and are pretty much guaranteed strong growth if they continue the path they are on . 
  i do n't disagree with you here , exactly , but i 've been through most of the former east in the last year and you 'd be surprised how many projects have some kind of ` done with financial cooperation of the eu ' and stating exactly how many tens of millions of euros have gone into that project . 
  the eu is n't necessarily the driver of growth there , but it does assist in making those places attractive areas to live , invest and work for locals and foreigners alike . 
  what more do you think should be done about the cap , and why do you think france will veto it ? 
   the eu ( and eurozone ) can barely even mange the few compentencies they have now and yet we 're supposed to be over-joyed at the thought of yet more europe ? 
  sorry , could you please elaborate on this ?
