  now you 're confusing the world bank with the imf , and most explicitly the ` chamber of commerce ' ( unsure what one you 're referring to here , since there are literally dozens ) is most assuredly not where the third arbitrator gets selected from in the case of a deadlock under any of the overwhelmingly most common fora for isds ( lca , icsid , uncitral ) . 
  that 's how traditional isds works , but that 's not what the ec proposal is for ttip . 
  the current one is modelled on ceta , which sets up an institutional courts with only state approved judges . 
   they do not agree on a single person ( ie . 
  when the company simply stonewalls ) , the third judge will be one appointed by a company friendly organisation like any chambers of commerce , or the world bank . 
  no , it 's from a pre-approved list of judges set by uncitral or the world bank . 
  they could certainly not be considered ` company friendly '' . 
  that 's how traditional isds works , now how the ec proposal works . 
  that 's not how the ec proposed isds mechanism will work in ttip . 
  none of the judges are instated by companies . 
  oh please . 
  it 's fine to say `` i 'm concerned that [ x ] will be in the treaty '' . 
  it 's another thing entirely to say `` ttip is bad because [ x ] will be in the treaty , even though i have n't read it and do n't know this for certain and the ec has explicitly stated the opposite '' . 
  but your intellectual level of debate on this topic has been that of a toddler throughout , so it 's hardly surprising you make some baseless claims . 
  in this case it 's not politicians , it 's the civil service . 
  if they change then i 'll be worried . 
  but they have n't . 
  good thing it 's not politicians negotiating , but rather civil servants . 
  is the official ec website on ttip stating they 're not going to sacrifice standards for the sake of an agreement sufficient for you ? 
  ` probably ' , and i say probably because the ec has explicitly stated to not going to sacrifice standards for the sake of an agreement . 
  the agreement will probably exclude those products . 
  no anger , just a statement of fact . 
  you have n't made a single sourced argument throughout because you have no arguments . 
  no , i know a shitload about the agreement . 
  enough to know how many awful sources there are out there , and that you 've just linked to one . 
  i do n't want a shitty biased link , i want actual arguments . 
  you have an overly simplistic view of how this works . 
  it 'd be great if you had some , you know , actual arguments . 
  again , who is staying these standards are being made equivalent ? 
  who is saying we 're going to make these standards equivalent ? 
  not the eu , that 's for sure . 
  op just made a spurious connection between the pesticides and ttip . 
  why would we all of a sudden abandon the precautionary principle ? 
  you make the claim we will , but you do n't explain why , nor point to any leaks or statements by the eu stating that will happen . 
  can you please , at least once , provide some evidence to back up your statement ? 
  but that 's not how standards will be ` harmonised ' . 
  what they do is they go through all the various regulations , and for each one they compare it to the other market . 
  if they 're found to be mutually equivalent ( that is , same level of safety yet arbitrarily different ) then they agree to accept the others certification on that product . 
  it 's not at all about raising or lowering standards . 
  just finding where they 're the functionally the same , yet arbitrarily divergent . 
  how have i been wrong ? 
  they made a claim and have been unable to substantiate it . 
  i 've been pushing for them to do so and they 've been unable . 
  you think because the eu and us sign a trade agreement , all standards drop to the lowest common denominator ? 
  they have n't provided anything except speculation . 
  how have i been trounced ? 
  that 's fine , bet all you want , but do n't pretend there 's any evidence of that or it 's absolutely 100 % that way . 
  it 's not a broad based mutual recognition . 
  they look at each set of standards to see if they 're equivalent , and if they are then they choose to accept each others . 
  obviously if one uses a toxic chemical and the other does n't , it 's not equivalent . 
  people are n't ` raising concerns ' , they 're campaigning against . 
  i have no problem with raising concerns , but most discussion is just `` us/corporate power grab , we have to vote no ! ', 
  yeah , but not the bad stuff you imagine . 
  point me to one successful case the company did n't deserve to win . 
  i 've been challenging people for months on this , no one has been able to . 
  they just point to heavily biased and incorrect newspaper articles that are easily disproven by looking at source documents . 
  of course it will . 
  but it does n't have to happen by one party adopting the others systems . 
  nor does the us viewpoint . 
  because both maintain their own system, 
  ok , but how would the eu be forced to accept products that used those pesticides ? 
  in all the leaks and position papers , i have n't seen anything saying that all thing the us views as safe can be sold here . 
  that 's why they 're going line by line for mutual recognition of certification , and not just blanket accepting everything . 
  it 's about much more than just subsidy/competition . 
  i did n't read that anywhere in the leaks . 
  can you point to any concrete examples . 
  they 're not really new . 
  some the eu countries already have isds agreements with the us . 
  but it will allow for an imperial arbitration , and would be able to prevent ` buy american ' laws going into effect . 
  pressuring does n't mean they 're going to get it . 
  can you point to anything in the treaty that shows that the eu would be forced to accept poisonous food ? 
  so what if they want it . 
  what in ttip shows that they 're getting it ? 
  ok , but how is this related to ttip ? 
  they can sue , but they 're unlikely to win . 
  how will ttip remove the precautionary principle ? 
  how will it do that ? 
  how is this related to ttip ? 
  of course there 's a vote to ratify . 
  it has to be passed by 28 member state legislatures and the ep . 
  educate yourself instead of spouting drivel . 
  do you think you have much more access to how a regular law is drafted ? 
   and the relevance of my position is no less valid . 
  i 'd say it 's a pretty silly position to hold if it 's based off of misinformation . 
   so why the fuck do we need ttip again ? 
  for that matter , why does anybody ? 
  it 's more than just an isds agreement ? 
   and what is being offered/demanded is unacceptable . 
  can you point to specific things you find objectionable , or is the limit of your knowledge scary news articles ? 
  that is to say , have you bothered to read any of the leaks , or are you relying on hyperbolic reporting ? 
   it 's pretty common sense that if you 're trusting someone to negotiate a deal , such as mortgage with your bank , then articles such as `` the mortgagor is to offer the bank the firstborn child , and one kidney '' are off the negotiating table in the first place . 
  depends . 
  there is such a concept as negotiating strategy . 
  you could offer your firstborn in the negotiations even though you 're not going to give them that , to get them to open up negotiations in another area . 
  you can then drop that offer , and see if maybe they 'll take something else for that area . 
  this man was * elected * ? 
   teeth or no teeth , how about we do n't want this shitty , bloated , undemocratic treaty in the first place . 
  so far i 've hardly seen a single goddamn thing about it which would improve the life of the average european . 
  ooh , but `` trade '' . 
  fuck that .
