  ie `` it 's wrong because the nazi 's did similar '' . 
  what ? 
  the stasi were set up in the 1950s , they were east german secret police . 
  they have absolutely butt-fuck all to do with the nazis . 
  regardless , it 's not a matter of ` were not a dictatorship now , so it does n't matter ' , it 's a matter of ` we should not be handing over so many various powers that can be open to abuse in the future . 
  that 's pretty much included in the comment i linked to as well . 
  as to the rest , i do n't know why you 're bringing that up . 
  i made no judgement about the internet filter , i pointed out that the uk is very apathetic when it comes to giving power to the government that has the ( very high ) potential for abuse . 
  i did n't say ` the nazi 's did it ' anywhere . 
  i do n't even know where you got that from my comment . 
  what makes this so worrying is how it has already been abused , and how it could be abused in the future . 
  you can track someones movements , their aquaintances , all manner of private information just based off of a collection of government accessed cctv footage . 
  and that people are saying ` great , that 's fine ' is really terrifying , particularly in light of [ how it has been used in the real world ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/1fv4r6/i_believe_the_government_should_be_allowed_to/caeb3pl ), 
  in too many countries you could be persecuted just for that . 
  even in those where they are able to , there are massive international repercussions for accepting asylum seeker claims . 
  germany would n't want to upset transport of uzbekistani gas over a human rights violation or two . 
  i would prefer an end to asylum seekers arriving by boats as well , as it 's a dangerous trip . 
  but there is no simple solution , there will always be boats until the countries where these people are fleeing from improve . 
  and having them be stuck as refugees in transit countries that either are n't signatories to refugee conventions , or have a tenuous grasp of the rule of law and human rights , is n't something that i consider an acceptable solution . 
  yeah , i was once in a discussion about cctv cameras with an international group that involved germans and brits . 
  the germans were absolutely astounded that those particular brits could defend cctv culture given german experiences with the stasi . 
  seems surprising that it would gain traction in taiwan as well , the place is considerably richer than vietnam ( about a 20x higher gdp/capita ) . 
  ` they left the place because they thought it was bad , so obviously their opinion about it is biased ! ', 
  and the potential for abuse . 
  with all this information on private citizens that the us is collating , it wo n't be long before the us can quietly come up to an mp in a bar and say ` we have this very embarassing stuff about you that we can release to the public unless you play ball ' . 
  it 's alright , i 'm sorry too . 
  i just see so many stupid arguments with hardcore nationalists who make everything about past history that it pisses me off . 
  sorry for being insulting, 
  listen moron , please tell me where i said poland should be grateful for something . 
  please . 
  please tell me where the fuck i made * any * such allegation . 
  like with every variety of stupid hardcore nationalist , you massively overreact when you think you see something that might be an attack on your nationalistic narrative , even if the attack was n't there . 
  seriously , you are a colossal idiot . 
  jeez , i 'm sorry they treated poland like every country is treated . 
  what did you want them to do , give them stuff for free ? 
  your arguments are stupid . 
  i gave you examples . 
  they armed and equipped polish armies in france , palestine , and the uk . 
  in every major war since 1795 , poland has fought alongside allies * except * in the 1920s war which they were partially responsible for . 
  if you did n't mean ww2 , then you were making a really stupid argument . 
  [ i said you did n't fight alone in ww2 ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1ttcis/poland_from_tragedy_to_triumph/cebea4a ) and then you started arguing with me for some reason , i do n't know why . 
   at least our country did n't loose a war to a bunch of flightless birds . 
  hey , the great emu war still haunts our country to this day , worse than the famine does to the irish !, 
   are you referring to the western betrayal and how we 've had to fight off both the nazis and soviets by our selves ? 
  yes . 
  i was n't criticizing . 
  i was pointing out you were n't alone . 
  would you prefer that the allies * did n't * help out at all ? 
  that they would n't declare war on germany ? 
  that they would n't arm and equip polish soldiers in france , in palestine , in the uk ? 
  you had allies . 
  they did n't always do what was the best for poland , but you ca n't say you fought ww2 alone . 
  yeah mean the 1920 war that you guys got yourself into ? 
  or do you mean ww2 in which you had allies , yet still fell behind the iron curtain ? 
  or the many wars in which you had allies during the plc ? 
  it 's been a while since i looked at the numbers , and perhaps someone could please correct me is i misremembered them , but poland gets around 2 % of it 's gdp from eu funds and another 2 % from remittances . 
  those remittances are mostly from eu countries . 
  the fact is that being in the eu alone accounts for at least 3 % of poland 's gdp growth per year . 
  sure , integration within the eu is so bad for poland , the eu is evil , poland could have done all that alone , blah blah blah . 
  no , i 'm saying it already has ages ago . 
  by the way , were you born in 1999 ? 
  well because the european council has far greater flexibility in dictating policy and adjusting to different circumstances than the com . 
  the com is advised by coreper , and tries to act strictly within those recommendations because they generally are n't given the authority to dictate and create new policy . 
  it 's greatly constrained in what it can agree to compared to the european council , which whilst it generally avoids making radical policy shifts on the spot , does have the ability to do so . 
  and it * is * the european council that proposes the ec president , not the com . 
  thus , the com is far more obliged to follow the official policy of the national government , whilst the european council has greater authority to shape that policy . 
  oh snap , it 's salvaxe . 
  that explains * so * much . 
  got ta say man , i 'm not sure if you 've experienced dating culture in other countries , but it 's fantastic when a german girl you 've barely spoken to that night comes up to you and says ` we 're going back to your place ' . 
  it 's not a hint , it 's not a suggestion , it 's not coy , it 's just ` let 's get down to business ' . 
  one of the best one night stands i 've ever had . 
  i really have to disagree with you there . 
  whilst they have many areas that overlap in viewpoints ( in the fact that their overall national policy is shared by both ) , there are many fundamental differences between the two organizations . 
  council of ministers is the national mps responsible for various ministries , such as a meeting of all the ministers of finance . 
  you 're thinking of the european council . 
  charming . 
  a ban of certain limits of cassia at that , not even blanket . 
  you realise that your comment does n't contribute anything , right ? 
  have you thought about thinking before you type , instead of just typing the first thing that pops into your head ? 
  i see these kinds of responses from you far too often . 
  also , the limits are higher for traditional and seasonal baked goods as well , so it 's unlikely to have affected them anyway . 
  it 's not the eu 's fault . 
  it 's the danish interpretation of the eu law , which is considerably stricter than that of many other countries . 
  there 's flaws in both methods , but i tend towards appointed as well . 
  because you 're an anarcho-capitalist , you see no inherent value in any government regulation . 
  your fundamental baseline is that there should be no government . 
  how am i supposed to convince you that this regulation may be good ( i have n't read through the regulation and do n't claim that it 's perfect , but i 'd hazard that you have n't read through it either ) , when the foundation of your world view is that all government regulation is bad ? 
  simply put , it would be a waste of my time to try and discuss this with you . 
  if we had some common ground , maybe it would prove fruitful . 
  but we do n't . 
  so i do n't want to discuss it any further . 
  i 'm not arguing to dispute your argument , i 'm saying i do n't want to argue with you because we have no common ground in this discussion , it 's going to be purely polemic . 
  you 're an anarcho-capitalist , you do n't value regulations ( or government ) at all . 
  when you come back to the real world , then we can have a discussion on the topic . 
  ah yes , my bad . 
  figures , that when i criticize the other poster for messing up the council of europe and the european council that i 'm going to fuck something up there . 
  alas , prestian has made a few mistakes but has got the gist of it . 
  historically , the european commission ( ec ) president has been proposed by the european council ( the council of europe is something else ) , which is the heads of ~ ~ states ~ ~ government of the member-states . 
  this choice then has to be ratified by the european parliament ( ep ) , but they 're also free to reject the choice if the choice is not good enough . 
  the ec president then creates his cabinet ( the ec ) who the ec president proposes once more to be ratified by the ep .
