  i do n't see him as wanting to bring immigrants , rather to protect refugees . 
  based on what ? 
  we were discussing refugees , not ` refugees ' . 
  i did n't read anything like that in their comment . 
  exactly . 
  so they 're not economic migrants , as opposed to refugees , just because they did n't go to the ` first safe country ' . 
  they 're still refugees . 
  op was talking specifically about some kind of conspiracy by the megarich to orchestrate this , as opposed to general mainstream humanitarian concern for refugees . 
  that 's not how the refugee convention works . 
  you really think the ` mega rich ' are going to spend so much time and effort to do something so difficult , for marginal increases in profit that they do n't even need ? 
  no one mentioned economic migrants , they mentioned refugees . 
  i think he 's saying that as turkey reaches it 's limits , it 's only fair that europe takes on some more . 
  the eu, 
  no one has proposed europe take them all , so do n't create bizarre straw men . 
  this is such a bizarre conspiracy theory . 
  still not sure how that benefits the super rich hugely . 
  i can only assume you mean the xenophobes are destroying europe . 
  it 's actually true . 
  remittances from professionals that have emigrated tend to be substantial . 
  i do n't think so . 
  tensions between people in the us and recent immigrants during the 1850s were * much worse * and with * much worse systems of law and order * , and even then while it was bad , it was n't like there was a pogrom every day or something . 
  we wo n't reach that . 
  i would n't have banned you for that , but i would 've delisted the article . 
  breitbart is not a credible source . 
  you 'll have to remind me of that . 
  well , i can see why you would think that . 
  people that are regulars of / r/european would need to be rather careful , given they already tend to hold views the majority of the population finds abhorrent . 
  if they were to express those views in a manner inconsistent with the subreddits policies , i 'd certainly take great pleasure into making them permanent refugees in / r/european . 
  yeah , as i said in the application , i 'd be a controversial choice that would likely make it harder on the other moderators . 
  but do n't get me wrong , i would n't go on some mass ban spree the second i got modship . 
  i 'd save that for a few months down the line when no one would suspect anything . 
  i do n't think i 'm too liberal with the definition either . 
  i do n't call people racist left and right , only if they are . 
  what kind of things ? 
   [ rebecca harms , a green party member of the european parliament ( mep ) , says that she and her party have always opposed iter and on this occasion , even though most legislators support fusion , the greens persuaded other blocs that it was n't appropriate using unspent funds in this way . 
  `` the commission and the council of ministers [ which represents member states ] want to close this funding gap for iter , but now they must look for a new trick , '' she says . 
  ] ( http://news.sciencemag.org/physics/2010/12/message-iter-fusion-project-keep-calm-and-carry ) it 's a bit dated , but it 's a concrete example i can remember . 
  racist . 
  do n't have an agenda . 
  the ep group . 
  that 's just , like , your opinion man . 
  i never said facts were racist , so i do n't know why you 're bringing that out . 
  as to wikipedia , some pages can and do get manipulated . 
  on average , wikipedia is more accurate . 
  certain politically charged articles are n't . 
  ah , but i live in europe now so i 'm not sure how much that would help , timewise . 
  but thanks for the vote of confidence !, 
  then they should 've removed the bans beginning from when the problem started , instead of unbanning well known racists that were banned years ago . 
  that 's the issue . 
  i do n't disagree that many of the recent bans should 've been overturned , but older ones were there for very good reason . 
  saying they do n't want a certain culture fundamentally means they either do n't want an entire ethnicity , or nationality , coming to their country . 
  which is racist . 
  depends on what they say . 
  if they say `` i do n't like the prevalence of fgm common in mainstream somalian culture . 
  perhaps we should find a way address this if and when somalis immigrate here '' , then no . 
  if they say `` we should n't let any somalis come to europe , they 're barbarians that do fgm '' , then depending on the users posting history and how the conversation develops i 'd consider banning them . 
  the first describes a worry and an issue to look out for with immigration . 
  the latter is just stereotyping an entire group of people , painting them with one brush . 
  when people talk about a certain culture , they 're really talking about certain ethnicities fundamentally . 
  you ca n't tell what kind of culture a person has by looking at them , you ca n't even reliably get it from testing them . 
  so saying `` i do n't want people of [ x ] culture coming here '' translates to `` i do n't want those syrians '' or what-have-you coming here . 
  it 's fundamentally dehumanizing , it 's stereotyping , and ignores the countless people that * do n't * do those things you associate negatively with that culture . 
  i think both are racist . 
  i did n't attack his message . 
  my comment was independent of his comment . 
  i started a conversation separate from the main one expressing surprise that such a notorious racist had been unbanned . 
   do you also think its healthy to allow different opinions on other stuff ? 
  not racism , no . 
  different opinions about moderation are n't inherently a bad thing . 
  i would say the mods were overzealous when they deleted it . 
  well , i disagree that those were personal attacks as we discussed in that comment chain . 
  the user was a racist and was banned for that in / r/europe in the past . 
  one need only look at some of the subreddits they moderate , let alone the comments they make , to see that . 
  i think the mods made a mistake by wiping the ban slate clean . 
  i 've already seen a number of users back that had been banned for blatant and outright racism , and since returning they 've only continued it . 
   how often are you on reddit in an average week ? 
  some 6 hours or so perhaps intermittently throughout the week . 
   how often do you visit / r/europe [ 2 ] ? 
  daily basis  what country are you normally ** a ** resident in ? 
  poland  do you speak any languages besides english ? 
  ( if yes : which and to what level ? ), 
  polish is almost c1 , swedish used to be b2 but i 'm rusty as hell  what interests you about europe ? 
  politics and economics mostly . 
  and beer . 
   what are your favourite and least favourite things about / r/europe [ 3 ] ? 
  favourite would have to be the great in depth discussions with people that are actually specialists in a given field and give their input . 
  sadly , many of them have left over recent years . 
  least favourite - the rampant and blatant racism and xenophobia that goes on . 
   do you have experience as a moderator or similar ? 
  i host a small sub called / r/tradeissues . 
  aside from the odd piece of spam , i would n't really call it moderating . 
   why do you want to be a moderator ? 
  i 've been complaining for months about the level of quality declining in this subreddit . 
  it 's starting to get to the point where i 'm considering leaving as i get little joy out of most threads . 
  it 's time to put my money where my mouth is and try to make the place better . 
   why do you think you would be a good moderator ? 
  i 'm active regularly and at odd times to i would be able to be rather active in my moderation duties . 
  i 'm almost always , if not completely polite , then civil and i actually care about the wellbeing of this subreddit . 
   do you have any expirence with statistics , datamining or reddit bots ? 
  statistics , yes .
