  well done . 
  the cfp just went through a massive reform in in the last year , with the changes still being implemented . 
  regardless , the problem is n't largely with the policies , but with enforcement mechanisms which are run by the member states . 
  just need to get this damn bot working again so i can police your thoughts , dammit . 
  jeeeeez , i need to find some better subs to hang out in . 
  / u/user _ history_bot savannajeff, 
  given i speak the language quite well , lived there for a few years , follow swedish news , dated a swede , and still have a bunch of friends there ( not to mention i 'm returning there in a few months again ) , i 'd have to say yeah - i kinda do know about sweden . 
  my thought police helper is n't working !, 
  how can i police thoughts when he does n't want to work ? 
  look at all those ` porn ' subs !, 
  you 're into some kinky shit , mate !, 
  it 's got you now too !, 
  / u/user _ history_bot neredev, 
  no , it 's not . 
  jankystank _ is just repeating the kind of bullshit you hear from / r/worldnews and people have have never lived in sweden . 
  i know someone personally that works in the migration office in sweden doing claim application , one of my best friend 's girlfriends . 
  she , and most swedes that are n't the right-leaning type that tend to show up in these kind of threads and dominate the discussion , would absolutely disagree with the analysis . 
  systemet was the bane of my existence when i lived in sweden , but on the plus side i learnt how to brew my own beer . 
  norway would be exporting oil to the eu , regardless of whether they were eu members or not . 
  i 've received multiple threats from / r/whiterights posters in the past , and this sub has an admitted problem with getting brigaded constantly by racist subreddits . 
  i 've had numerous 0-day old accounts starting arguing with me and insulting me whenever a topic such as this comes up . 
  as a consequence , i like to filter out who i argue with between those that do n't believe black people are human , and those that do , for my sanity and to warn others to stay away from the crazy as well . 
  surely you jest . 
  i frequently post on matters of the eu ( particularly the cap , or how the eu functions ) , more recently about the crimea problems , and so forth . 
  i live in europe , have european citizenship , and speak three european languages . 
  just in the last day i 've posted on topics of dutch gas , the recent german election , european defence , crimea , swedish sports , and so on . 
  if you think i only post about issues of racism and ` bark ' at people , you 've not looked at my posts very hard . 
  which is kind of disappointing , given i 've upvoted you numerous times and always saw you as pretty reasonable . 
  / u/user _ history_bot doctorheredoctor, 
  how am i abnormal in that case ? 
  sweden has the highest instances of rape because they have the loosest definition of rape under the law out of all the countries in europe . 
  this subreddit has a lot of invasions by racists and far right groups , it makes sense to see if you 're dealing with one of them or a normal person . 
  funny how pretty much all the racists end up in sd and you do n't hear of such problems from , for example , vansterpartiet , or moderaterna , or what have you . 
  also , a two hour old account ? 
  got ta say , mighty suspicious , looks like someone that does n't want to be outed for posting in white rights . 
  sweden introduced me to the greatest sport on the planet , innebandy !, 
  i used to play field hockey back in australia for my university and for a club , but it does n't seem to have reached the neanderthal scandinavians , but the transition to innebandy was n't too bad . 
  ended up playing it at least 6 hours a week , and these days travel to play in international weekend tournaments with my old swedish team . 
  hey look , it 's the guy that [ advocates killing children to prevent immigration ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/20ssaz/italian_ships_rescue_more_than_2000_migrants_in/cg6h716 ) !, 
  and here 's someone 's [ corroboration of my claim ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/20usi0/dutch_politician_wilders_leads_antimoroccan_chant/cg77i8q ) !, 
  this is a party that has had controvery after controversy over how crazily racist they are . 
  they have racist incident after racist incident , such as the time their justice spokesman and economy spokesman ( both mps ) were caught [ running around harassing foreign-looking people with slurs and blunt objects ] ( https://danielerikvalentin.wordpress.com/tag/sverigedemokraterna/ ) , where their [ mps get caught describing darker-skinned people as monkey ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20130426/47570 ) , where an [ mp who claimed he was beaten and robbed of his backpack by immigrants ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20121129/44726 ) had in actual fact been helped by two immigrants back into his wheelchair , and he had actually just forgotten it at the restaurant he was in ( this very same charming fellow also abused the guards at the riksdag ) and at least [ used to get , if they do n't still currently , a lot of it 's funding from out-and-out racists ] ( http://www.expressen.se/nyheter/sverigedemokraterna-far-miljoner-av-rik-rasist/ ) and that has it 's roots in the swedish neo-nazi movement . 
  many of these mps have been kicked out in recent years for ` ruining ' the party 's image , and it 's certainly trying to seem like a respectable party , but a polished turd is still a turd . 
  and if that 's not enough to convince you , this same article was submitted to / r/whiterights and they 're gloating about sverigedemokraterna 's rise . 
  seeing as the two are linked through the ` other discussions ' , prepare for a great deal of fucked up comments and strange downvote patterns !, 
  no , but it would follow on logically from the fact that no one is shouting in national media that they 're going to target welfare abuse in general , and the reports released the eu immigrants contribute far more than they receive ( and use welfare considerably more sparingly than natives ) . 
  yeah , i meant that you guys import electricity that mostly comes from norwegian dams . 
  yeah , it 's one of those common scandinavian mistakes that you run into that they bug you when you see them . 
  for example , many swedes take the literal translation and say ` it does n't taste much ' . 
  this implies that the food or beverage they 're eating/drinking does n't have a good sense of taste , not that it 's tasteless , bland , or does n't have much flavour . 
  not sure , coal as well presumably . 
  the point in this case , however , is that welfare abuse by eu-immigrants is a negligible amount , which by all accounts appears it would cost more to fight , than to simply let the few minor abuses that occur continue . 
  i do n't know , i 'm just relaying what was said elsewhere in the thread . 
  as written elsewhere , it 's about imports of all energy sources , not just those from russia . 
  norwegian hydro too , no ? 
  ` insulated ' is the word you were looking for , not isolated . 
  the netherlands has one of the ten largest natural gas fields in the world , and the supplies in that field are expected to keep the netherlands energy independent ( with respect to gas ) until 2050 at least . 
  it 's extremely capital intensive to start up , but costs next to nothing to run . 
  i think it was more of a ` stop feeding the russian bear ' comment , not a ` the russian bear is going to stop feeding us ' comment . 
  that 's simply not the case . 
  there 's only so many interviews with journalists and statements to the press that can be done per week/day/hour . 
  there are only so many headlines that can come out per day , and only so many that the press care to give full coverage of . 
  some stories get pushed to the back of the paper , some to the front , depending on what will sell . 
  over years , yeah , of course , all can be covered , but there 's only limited space per day . 
  i think you 're imagining a perfect society that can absorb all points of information , rather than a society that has to be managed on expectations and outcomes , and which is drip-fed information by the media . 
  nah , that 's not it , the grid was just an example . 
  it 's about how public discourse should be managed from a political perspective , and that squandering time talking about a ` nothing ' issue that does n't really require a big public debate around it , takes time away from framing public debate on actually important issues . 
  as i said , the german government can absolutely work on both concurrently , it 's not as if they do n't have a welfare department and an energy department . 
  it 's just that talking about an unimportant issue gets rid of space in the public sphere for talking about an important one . 
  for large projects , such as substantial national energy grid upgrades , there needs to be broad community support which is garnered in public discourse . 
  that means that every moment spent talking about immigrant benefit abuses , which take up a negligible portion of the budget , is a moment that ca n't be spent shaping public discourse on other projects . 
  tabloids and media continue building up on it/build it up , and serious work gets pushed to the side . 
  germany has considerably more serious problems than immigrant benefits , and to waste time in public political discourse on such a trivial matter seems like a colossal waste . 
  i 'm not saying nothing can be done about it concurrently , but to waste political capital in the public sphere on it is a waste , when that time would be better spent on more pressing matters . 
  so again , they should use it on serious issues ( perhaps , for example , on upgrading/redesigning the energy grid to better handle the myriad technical difficulties mass renewables impose on it ) , and not on populist immigrant benefit measures that now take up much of the political debate in society . 
  yeah sure , but not because she was a solid choice , but because the other choices were bad . 
  this is what i got out of it , seeing the election debates and campaigning . 
  steinbruck had the charisma of a dead fish , and the three minors cld barely keep a coherent conversation . 
  as great as it could be to tackle all problems simultaneously , it 's completely unrealistic . 
  this is pointless posturing for political points by a leader that barely got into government again . 
  the political capital would be better spent on important issues , not this tripe . 
  the top level comment in this thread was just talking about historical fears , not about invasion . 
  the context from the beginning was n't about invading russians , it was about historical fears of russia . 
  you said you 'd happily shoot the nearest russian , absent any hypothetical invasion . 
  certainly helped to ease the troubles in northern ireland . 
  what people shaped stockholm ? 
  groups of swedes , finns , poles , walloons , germans , jews , etc. 
  italian and french architects , spanish shipbuilders . 
  the entirety of europe , pretty much . 
  damn , i know a bunch of good russian people . 
  what if the nearest russian is a five year old kid ? 
  it 's ` self portrait ' in english . 
  you missed the whole sentence . 
   balking on upping the defence budget meaning , they shy away from it . 
  for those of us that are n't natives , can you go into some detail ( aside from the german one , that 's pretty self-explanatorily stupid ) . 
  that seems moronic . 
  `` russia , stop being bad . 
  but whilst we 're at it , and with no relevance to the present situation , fuck you eu and us '' . 
  he 's tagged as ` favourite slovenian ' , and not in a sarcastic way , so it 's legit sarcasm . 
  the naval advantage is largely irrelevant .
