  the biggest players , the united states and the european communities , at least fitted the expected pattern insofar as they obtained the deepest concessions . 
  roy ( 2011 ) also observed , based on a limited sample of rtas , that the larger trading powers , in particular the united states , tended to receive more concessions in their rtas than smaller participants . 
  further supporting what i said , and with respect to this  also , `` universally accepted to a degree '' ? 
  what is this ? 
  something is either universally accepted or it is not universally accepted . 
  there is no `` universally accepted to a degree '' . 
  so is what you are claiming universally accepted or is it not ? 
  what i meant here was that the extent to which there is a difference . 
   please cite something relevant to the uk and eu , two developed regions not suffering from the massive development asymmetry that your studies are talking about . 
  well then here you 'd have to get into negotiation theory as well , particularly the concept of batnas - in which case that completely supports my proposition as well . 
  regardless , i 'm not going to play ` run around and find the sources ' so that you can nitpick one tiny aspect to discount the entire premise . 
  [ page 3 ] ( http://www.wto.org/english/res_e/reser_e/ersd201204_e.pdf ) [ page 156 ] ( http://growthbook4.ec.unipi.it/chapter6.pdf ) [ page 2 ] ( http://www.snap-undp.org/elibrary/publications/integrationldc-safta.pdf ) . 
  this is pretty much universally accepted to a degree . 
  those citations include the un and the wto . 
  do you care to concede the point now ? 
   are you seriously proposing this as an argument ? 
  has the standard of debate fallen that far in this subreddit ? 
  if you ' bothered to read between the lines , you 'd realise that norway would n't have to worry about food security anywhere near the same extent due to being in the eu free market with regards to agriculture as well , they would n't have to spend such a ridiculous amount of money on agricultural subsidization ( one of the highest in the world ) , and they 'd get cap funds to restructure whatever agricultural land could be made profitable . 
   cite some . 
  ah , we 're going to play the ` run around getting citations ' game , are we ? 
  well , my masters thesis was about this kind of stuff so with happiness i present to you : [ page 4 ] ( http://cadmus.eui.eu/bitstream/handle/1814/8089/law-2008-09.pdf?sequence=1 ), 
   they also have complete control of their own farming and fishing policy yep , and we saw what they did with that just recently given their ridiculously high tariffs . 
  not to mention that they spend relatively more than the eu does on their agricultural policy . 
   as well as the ability to negotiate their own trade agreements analysis after analysis has shown that when it comes to bilateral trade agreements , big countries win out over small ones . 
  it would be considerably better for norway if they joined the eu in this respect . 
  the point i 'm trying to make here is that governments get better outcomes when they work together within the framework of the eu . 
  damn , i like your posts vontroll . 
  really ? 
  how does the cap waste food , according to you ? 
  i can answer this ; the eus central tenet in international trade negotiations on agriculture is the idea of multifunctionality - that agriculture serves purposes beyond merely the commerce of food . 
  these purposes boil down to ; 1 . 
  food security . 
  ensuring that in a time of increasingly uncertain weather ( and hence agricultural production ) patterns , there is enough agricultural production to feed its citizens . 
  this has quite a bit of justification , in 2008 for example wheat prices rose 120 % on the world markets prompting riots and looting in a number of developing ( and undeveloped ) cities . 
  this was further exacerbated when some countries put in export bans to try and keep prices down . 
  it 's unknown how future political/trade scenarios will play out , particularly with global warming , and it 's extremely difficult to build an agricultural base from scratch , so it 's far more prudent to ensure the one in place survives in one way or another . 
  rural development . 
  the eu recognizes that rural towns represent a serious cultural ( and to an extent economic ) backbone of european nations . 
  the cap is the reason you see neatly tilled fields when you 're driving through the french/german/what have you country side , rather than ex-agricultural land now overrun with weeds and disrepair . 
  furthermore , the eu recognizes that rural agricultural/cultural fairs are a serious part of a country 's culture , and that such a way of life should be protected to ensure the cultural diversity of the european union . 
  furthermore , there 's the understanding that a good deal of ancillary rural jobs ( the general jobs that keep a town functioning , like grocery stores , et cetera ) would go bust if there was widescale agricultural labour reform . 
  keeping some aspect of the ` rural lifestyle ' alive is an important part of the cap , however in addition there 's the point of a manageable transition of rural -  urban labour . 
  family farms slowly being bought up by larger ( and hence , more efficient ) concerns means a steady trickle of population from rural areas to urban centers that does n't destabilize society . 
  environmental sustainability . 
  a good deal of europe 's agricultural produce is economically profitable . 
  the problem is , some of this is in environmentally sensitive areas - witness water stressed areas of spain/italy , or it is n't environmentally friendly . 
  to this end , the eu helps our farmers that might otherwise have the freedom to damage the long term viability of land , but do n't want to with assistance . 
  food quality . 
  aside from the obvious , this is also heavily tied into the idea of environmental sustainability and packaging laws . 
  an eu barometer poll found that this was an aspect of the cap that people had a great deal of support for . 
  in addition , the eu committed itself at the 2005 doha ministerial to eliminate all of it 's export enhancing subsidies by 2013 ( it is on track to do this , having cut down from the billions of euros to less than 150 million ) . 
  finally , most cap subsidies promote either structural reform ( for example , two thirds of the subsidies going to wine are there to change the agricultural land from wine , which is completely over saturated in the market , to profitable crops ) or is part of the single payment scheme which helps small farmers survive as their income is generally considerably less than what you 'd get in a city . 
  this also represents a movement away from the production based subsidies , which were considered the most trade distorting . 
  additionally , the cap budget has been steadily decreasing for years now . 
  obviously , there is some abuse of this system , but this is prevalent in most governmental policies around the world . 
  it 's also worth noting that other developed countries such as the us , japan , norway , switzerland , et cetera , have similar schemes . 
  indeed , the cap spends about the same amount of money or less per capita than the aforementioned nations , and not very dissimilar levels to what the ` efficient ' agricultural producing developed countries such as australia , new zealand , and canada pay for their agricultural policies . 
  all that said however , yes , politics lies at the heart of it , as it does in almost everything else . 
  pretty much by definition , food security implies that a country should be able to provide , within its own borders , enough to feed its population . 
  every nation abides by this principle in some respect or another . 
  the most important thing is to be self confident , but not overbearing . 
  i met a lot of americans here that are a bit insecure , and as a consequence play up the american aspect and how they 'd act at home . 
  just be yourself , and do n't be a dick . 
  you 'll be fine . 
  norway has higher agriculture subsidization rates than the eu , this is completely unsurprising and in line with their policies . 
  edit : for the downvoting morons ; http://www.thelocal.no/page/view/norways-farm-subsidies-highest-in-oecd, 
  are you kidding ? 
  norway has higher agricultural subsidization rates than what europe gets under the cap . 
  in fact , if they * joined * the cap , this would n't be possible . 
  think about that , next time you guys start arguing about how the cap should be dismantled . 
  27 member states all doing this whenever one of their sensitive agricultural industries experiences stress ? 
  not to mention that each country has certain obligations it has to meet under nato . 
  in as nice a way possible as i can put this ... * you 're a fucking piece of shit . 
  western europe , as in the ones not in red [ here ] ( http://www.coldwar.hu/html/en/chronologies/1945-1991/soviet%20bloc.jpg ) . 
  he 's a respected linguist , but his geopolitical stance is not respected by any academic in international relations or politics worth their salt . 
  it 's the kind of stuff that bachelor students go for . 
  chomsky is an anarchist * linguist * . 
  he had a spot in the limelight some two decades ago , but that was it . 
  seems to be a list of western european cities , and they threw in belgrade because they noticed that at the end . 
  i was under the impression we were discussing more domestic promotions , things like ... media buys , tv and media advertising , etc. 
  did you read the report ? 
  that includes things like posting diplomats ... 
  it 's not actually that big . 
  investor-state dispute settlement . 
  basically , where a company can sue a government if the government violates the treaty . 
  jeez , who would 've thought that trade liberalization talks would involve subjects like , i dunno , trade liberalization . 
  sticking point with india over agricultural stockpiling . 
  there was a tentative agreement that was announced about a year ago , and then 6 months later india backed out . 
  it would n't have finished the doha round , but it would have been a bridging agreement that would have meant a reinvigoration of the talks . 
  essentially , it would have liberalized trade considerably more than it currently is , as each gatt round had before it . 
  these deals are larger than the previous gatt rounds and the uruguay round which led to the formation of the wto ? 
  these are certainly huge deals , but that 's a reflection on the failures of the doha development round ( which would have been massively larger ) , than these . 
  still , many of them come and it 's been at the forefront of australia 's regional engagement in an attempt to stem the [ arc of instability ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arc_of_instability ) which provides an influx of such refugees . 
  most recently , however , many have actually been iraqi and afghani refugees basically island hopping to australia . 
  the issue is that most countries in the region [ are n't party to the refugee convention ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/pages/49e488116.html ) , so when they 're fleeing they basically have to come to australia/new zealand . 
  what was here before was n't a circle jerk , it was a broad cross section of opinions . 
  australia is taking 12000 and has 23 million people , uk is taking 20000 people over five years and has a much larger population . 
  i suggest you read the study . 
  how about breaking it down by nationality ? 
  or even better , socioeconomic status ?
