  ah , so you 're one of the `` women should stay at home where they belong '' types ? 
  erdogan is a nut , i do n't think the majority of turks are though . 
  some comparisons are more valid than others . 
  i 'm sorry i 'm not going to change my stance that it is absolutely and fundamentally wrong to shoot refugee children to prevent more refugees coming to europe . 
  i 'm sorry that that offends you , and that you find this solution to be acceptable . 
  lol, 
  shoo , fly . 
  cyprus ? 
  it 's not in europe . 
  well , i disagree . 
  i would say that russia is eurasian and does not aspire to be ` european ' . 
  turkey at least aspires to be ` european ' . 
  20 % of their population lives geographically in europe and their history is intertwined with europe , and russia is ... problematic . 
  why not just ` europe ' ? 
  fuck switzerland , norway , belarus , iceland , lichtenstein , ukraine , moldova , serbia , bosnia and herzegovina , kosovo , montenegro , fyrom and arguably turkey . 
  we got ours . 
  when people , particularly brits , talk about how the eu was envisaged as an economic and trade agreement ( trade alliance ) , they mean sort of like a mini-wto as the eu where the states have all of the power . 
  in control of , or having wildly disproportionate influence in . 
  i 'm aware of that . 
  that just tells me that germany benefits a lot from the euro , it does n't in any way show that the euro is dominated by germany . 
  a trading alliance means removing all the democratic aspects of the eu such as the ep , not of democracy in general . 
  we do n't have a common market with new zealand . 
  then you have no common market . 
  it 's low by european standards , average by oecd . 
  no , they 're not , they are attacking him , not the uk . 
  and they 're only telling the uk to leave because you posted a stupid and incorrect comment about circlejerking . 
  seriously , i 'd love for you to point out the posts in this thread that are anti-british circlejerking that are n't in reply to your comment . 
  it 'd solve basque , scottish , catalan issues as well . 
  no one in this sub is going on an anti-british circlejerk , people are either posting in favour of the statements of the polish politicians , or against david cameron . 
  unless you think david cameron is the be-all , end-all of britain , then you 're wrong . 
  well , at the head of the cairns group , we represent a massive chunk of world agriculture in the wto negotiations . 
  that 's where the principle of subsidiarity comes in , that those aspects of law/regulation that are best devised in the lower levels should be devised there . 
  as to lost of sovereignty , i wrote a literature review relatively recently on the subject of council of ministers voting outcomes that found that smaller countries in the eu actually got better outcomes in com votes than large countries . 
  this is a frequently repeated myth . 
  if you look at the [ producer subsidy estimate ] ( http://www.oecd-ilibrary.org/economics/oecd-factbook-2014/agricultural-producer-support-estimate-by-country_factbook-2014-table201-en ) ( basically , the amount of income a farmer gets from subsidies as a percentage of the whole ) , you can see that eu subsidization is relatively low compared to the rich world , and has been pretty much dropping year in year for the last decade from 33 % in 2000 to 19 % in 2013 , which is only slightly above the oecd average of 18.6 % . 
  rich countries like norway , switzerland , japan , korea and iceland all have pse 's of around or over 50 % . 
  simply put , agriculture is n't that highly subsidized . 
  except i 've been a dual citizen since i was half a year old , both my parents come from europe , and i 've learnt three european languages . 
  i have no problem with cultural identity . 
  national identity i have more trouble with since you 're tying your identity to politics . 
  it 's what so frequently leads to `` my country , right or wrong '' thinking . 
  i live in europe , not australia , and have for more than 5 years . 
  i do n't see why i 'd campaign to end mandatory voting , which is on elections and not referenda , in australia . 
  you need common regulations for the facilitation of free movement of goods , people and services . 
  i do n't think the overwhelming majority of the people have the intelligence , knowledge , or experience to make realistic and informed decisions when voting on referenda such as single currency or allowing new member states in . 
  as to me being from australia , i do n't see what that has to do with anything . 
  i could accept that they have more influence than any other country , but i would shy very far away from saying that they are dominated by germany . 
  it gets into all those aspects because it 's a single market . 
  it has to . 
  a common market requires common regulations . 
  i always thought that , if the eu does become a national entity , it should be composed of regions rather than nations as well . 
  no , not krakow . 
  do n't replace the bohemian/arty lifestyle here with business suits and serious faces !, 
  it is not dominated by germany . 
  you need to qualify statements like that if you want them to be taken seriously . 
  so the eu eventually got into so many aspects of peoples lives that there were calls at democratizing it , by instituting a parliament and so forth , and now you want to get rid of that and just have it an unaccountable intergovernmental institution with inroads into most aspects of your life that it was before ? 
  no matter what , you wo n't be satisfied . 
  either it 's `` more than a trading alliance '' , in which case you want it to revert to that stage , or it 's an `` evil trading alliance with no democratic accountability '' and people will insist for more democratization . 
  how does that make it bureaucratic and backwards ? 
  if anything , it addresses so many of the problems of a supposed democratic deficit in the eu by making the ep a stronger institution , and making the executive basically chosen by the people instead of the member-states . 
  i do n't disagree , i was just correcting your claim that the un had fuck all to do with afghanistan . 
  afghanistan is a nato led un sanctioned mission . 
  what happened in china was a war where there was a continuous , strong and legitimate legal authority ( whether that 's the republicans or communists , i do n't know ) throughout the duration of the war , in a country that has existed for millenia . 
  most countries in africa lacked all of those aspects , and what 's more , they are artificial constructs , cobbled together from previous colonial territory with no regard to ethnic differences . 
  you 're still comparing two extremely different situations . 
  the comparison between asian colonization and african colonization simply can not be made . 
   i do n't expect them to listen . 
  well , as long as the subreddit remains this unmoderated , i do n't have the inclination to hold back against users that have repeatedly misrepresented what i say and attacked me on a personal level . 
  besides , i 'm australian , it 's part of my cultural heritage to be vulgar and insulting !, 
  yeah , i was one of the first 50 users of / r/europeans , and i still check it daily . 
  but i notice that you do n't say the same to the users attacking me . 
  is it just because what i said was vulgar ? 
  are personal attacks that are n't vulgar allowed ? 
  because that seems to be the attitude you 're promoting . 
  no , and it 's been explained to you earlier that the eu does not have the mandate to deal with this problem - it is up to the member states . 
  but if you want to blame the eu ( erroneously ) then feel free . 
  i have spoken to moderators a number of times about problem users like / u/llanita and / u/ramblinrambo . 
  but at the moment , the only moderator that 's active and actually dedicated to just one subreddit is / u/bezbojnicul , and this subreddit is too big for just him to be able to keep track of the problem users that consistently break rules , or to jump on these threads and warn people about the shit they spout before they say it . 
  / r/europes problem is chronic passive , as opposed to active , moderation . 
  but maybe i 'm just used to hanging out in the better moderated subreddits like / r/askhistorians or / r/geopolitics where you simply do n't see this kind of uneducated bullshit being thrown around . 
  you said stable , now you say hdi . 
  they are not the same thing . 
  and yes , i can say they do n't count when they have vastly different circumstances , notably that australia and new zealand are largely countries populated by transplanted europeans . 
  this is not true for any of your other examples . 
  i think most of africa has a low hdi due to decades of brutal and exploitative colonial rule which was a very different type of colonial rule than that that was practiced in asia . 
  it was pretty clearly implied that voting meant for national elections . 
  as to granting them citizenship - they have permanent residency in sweden , they 'll likely live there for the rest of their lives . 
  why would n't you give them all the rights and responsibilities of a native ? 
  you really think a large disenfranchised population would be * better * for sweden ? 
  as to malmo , that 's where my immigrant friend examples come from . 
  my ex still lives there . 
  have you ever even been to malmo ? 
  or have you just had some crappy examples from news websites and you 've gone and run with it . 
  as for the rape , that 's because sweden deos n't underreport their rape . 
  in most countries spousal rape is generally counted as a single crime , despite the number of instances . 
  in sweden , each instance is recorded . 
  there are a number of different statistical differences in how sweden and other countries record rape , so it ` just happens ' to be the eu country with the higher relative number of rapes because of statistics , and not because immigrants are savages . 
  thailand has just had a military coup and has martial law on the streets . 
  hong kong was only recently returned to china , and does n't count . 
  taiwan was never a colony , unless you count the time under japanese rule which should not count in the slightest ( and neither should the colonization of south korea ) .
