  whatever , they do n't like it . 
  so the dairy union lobby launches a massive advertising campaign trying to scare the shit out of joe public about the new treaty , whilst simultaneously threatening the ruling party about how they 're going to fund the opposition if this goes through . 
  so , ruling party of course says that that clause can no longer be part of the treaty . 
  except imagine this multiplied amongst every industry sector of every country negotiating . 
  it 'd be an absolute clusterfuck , twelve countries all drawing red-lines over certain issues would lead to a treaty with absolutely zero teeth , and everyone would wonder what the fuss was about because it would really amount to nothing . 
  and i 'd also like to preempt the comments of `` but the corporations are already heavily involved '' . 
  those are n't corporations that are hammering out the deals . 
  what actually happens it that a number of different industry specialists are part of consultative groups ( for example one on agriculture , one on chemicals , one on pharmaceuticals ) , as are consumer rights groups , environmental groups , and others . 
  there 's nothing clandestine or shady about it , but if you 're coming up with a deal that 's going to change tens of billions of dollars in trade , then you definitely want to get a sense of how it would effect various stakeholders , and those stakeholders give input on those elements of a treaty . 
  joe citizen generally does n't have the knowledge , nor the expertise , nor the specialization , to be able to have a meaningful input into how a given provision would affect environmental standards , or consumer standards , or the steel industry , or the chemical industry . 
  but just as representatives of key sectors are given some access , so too are environmental groups ( under the tepac ) , labour groups ( under the lac ) , consumer groups , etc. 
  they 're all under strict ndas and security clearances . 
  if they talk to people about it , they 're going to prison for a long time , as well as paying a huge fine . 
  it makes sense to have representatives of those most affected taking part . 
  it 's also worth keeping in mind that negotiators negotiate with * what is politically possible to pass in mind * . 
  the job of negotiators is n't just to come up with an agreement , but an agreement that should be politically passable by all the negotiating members . 
  this means that the us has to be sensitive of both what is possible in the us , but also in the eu and vice-versa . 
  acta was shot down by the european parliament thanks to public opposition , do you think they would n't also shoot down ttip if they felt the same ? 
  and congress on it 's own is a whole other ball-park of trying to get things through . 
  arguments against secrecy in international negotiations come from ignorance and nowhere else . 
  there is certainly scope for more transparency in some areas - for example the eu has released the negotiating mandate , idealized forms of final chapters , etc which the us has n't done . 
  but expecting to see the state of the negotiations at every step is simply ridiculous . 
   that 's the point here , not just legislative scrutiny , but the chance for thorough legislative/political scrutiny . 
  there will be . 
  it 'll be public for more than a year before they even vote on it . 
  but , just like basically all legislation , it 's drafted in private until something workable can be presented to the public . 
  you understand that the troika loan conditions included a clause that sent all interests payments back to greece if they fulfilled the criteria , right ? 
  roll over , but yeah . 
  words can and do evolve . 
  i mean , just look at the word literally and how it 's used figuratively all the time . 
  look at words like ` spastic ' and ` retard ' which have also evolved with time . 
  race is a social construct , not a biological or scientific one , and these days has come to mean a general bigotry against foreigners ( generally darker skinned ) . 
  i do n't think that 's what it means . 
  i know what the word means , i 'm asking why you 'd say i 'm a liar . 
  lie ? 
  not what i said , but nice try . 
  i 'd say this is a semantic argument . 
  racist has moved on to mean more than just strict scientific ` race ' terms ( which are n't even scientific ) . 
  ah , the classic semantic argument to defend their bigotry . 
  well , he seems to think refugees are just looking for welfare money , so it seems likely . 
  deserve to win , as in the government unfairly treated the investor . 
   i think you 're being disingenuous . 
  one of the major criticisms of isds is the capacity for a chilling effect , see , for example , the amount of money australia spent defending plain packaging laws against tobacco ; it can afford that , other countries , not so much . 
  australia spent ~ 40 million aud , which it got back when the panel awarded costs . 
  the average isds case is usd 8 million , which is basically a rounding error on government books . 
   and isds cases have been relatively limited in the past , you would know , as they 're your speciality , how the number of cases has been rapidly growing . 
  this is a consequence of there being many more agreements containing isds , and not because companies are using it more often . 
  regardless , i 'm not sure what the issue is with companies making use of it , unless you think denying justice to companies is a good thing . 
   colour me skeptical of a system that , for some reason , does n't see the court systems of highly developed countries as adequate . 
  it 's not about the court system . 
  if a government makes a law that goes contrary to the agreement containing isds provisions , the courts have to judge with that new law in mind , and not what was replaced from the agreement ( the obvious exception is a place like the netherlands , where international agreements have special protections under the constitution ) . 
  i mean , very few cases actually involve an area where one could sue under domestic law , but they 're designed to screw over companies - it 's not about the courts , its about the whole legal structure . 
   isds cases are perfect example of where you can find examples going both ways ; illustrating the negligence and malpractice of government on one side ; and the profit-above-all-else nature of the corporations on the other . 
  isds is my speciality . 
  i 'm yet to see a case that 's actually egregiously against the public , where the company didnt deserve to win . 
  whut ? 
  it 's like those g20 protestors , or the wto protests in seattle . 
  people just wan na tilt at windmills . 
  i got ta be honest , my eyes have really been opened the last few years on the devious ways many public advocacy ngos manipulate data or try and set the narrative on a number of topics that are just frankly not in line with reality . 
  whenever i see a press release or study from one of them , i basically immediately discount it . 
  they 've been dishonest far too many times , portraying reasonable legislation as apocalyptic , for me to have any faith in them . 
  alas , i imagine the reason such groups are still around is because they do actually have the power to manipulate public opinion in this manner . 
  i mean , i got in on the ground floor of an ama with groups like public citizen and the eff [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/453zzk/what_tpp_means_for_you_and_how_we_can_stop_it_we/czv1p9r ) , and it was shocking how duplicitous they could be . 
  for example , the eff was offered a seat for one of the advisory groups , rejected it , and then railed against the negotiation process of the tpp because `` only corporations are invited to the table '' . 
  public citizen was touting their isds case summaries , until people ( including myself ) pointed out how they ignore central pieces of evidence for why the governments lost . 
  one involved a contract where the government was responsible for removing algae from the water , then was n't doing it and effectively expropriated the company 's assets as ` punishment ' for the company not fulfilling the governments duty - no mention of the responsibility being on the government . 
  no , i was pointing out you 're not a specialist on the topic , and for you to say that something does n't work ( or that the costs are great ) is wrong . 
  i 'm actually a big fan of rosling . 
  i particularly like [ this video of his ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yo0irsfrpq4 ) about why refugees catch rickety boats , instead of flying . 
  you were the nutter in this scenario . 
  i know plenty of muslims that are n't oppressive , moronic , or violent . 
  i 'm not going to watch random videos some nutter points me too . 
  summarize the arguments . 
  yes , you 're an academic that has done serious work in this area and hence know best how to do things . 
  so you 're not really interested in discussion , you just want to soapbox your bizarre views ? 
  with approval ratings that low , i 'm surprised people are n't calling for her to resign !, 
  as if there 's such a thing as ` muslim ' culture , considering ` muslim ' covers over 1 billion people around the world from africa , europe , mid-east , and asia ( as areas that have majority muslim nations ) , or as if there 's such a thing as ` refugee ' culture ' ... 
   i think the public are still being completely deceived about this whole issue . 
  look at the comments from german reddittors in this thread . 
  `` i know much better than german redditors , despite myself having been corrected by them numerous times in this submission '' . 
  in this sub , leftist and ` open borders type ' are commonly thrown about to anyone not critical enough of refugees . 
  does n't detract from the fact that you were just looking to bitch about a kind of person you do n't like completely unrelated to the article at hand . 
  holy massive straw man !, 
  yeah , just throw in your boogie man ` leftist ' that you can attack , regardless of its suitability to the topic . 
  sorry , i do n't have the time so watch a 30 min video . 
  salient , please ? 
  the imf is a lender of last resort , they 're only supposed to lend money to countries that do n't have another choice . 
  if they start cutting debt willy nilly then their purpose as a lender of last resort is compromised . 
  here 's a poll by some of the most renowned economists in the world on [ free trade ] ( http://www.igmchicago.org/igm-economic-experts-panel/poll-results?surveyid=sv_0dfr9yjndclh17m ) . 
  it 's not really surprising that non-specialists do n't understand the nuances and benefits of complex topics . 
  til listening to people that spend millions of hours studying topics and come to conclusions that provide a benefit to the public and listening to their recommendations is some evil kind of ideology . 
  you complained about neoliberalism by pointing to things that academia sees as a net benefit . 
   they want free movement of capital , humans and goods for everyone , liberalisation of labour markets so ... mainstream economic consensus ? 
   you know full well there is never `` enough reforms '' being carried out from the neoliberal 's point of view . 
  it is an `` ever lasting christmas wish-list '' ; take a look at greece , its people are dying , this is a humanitarian crisis right there . 
  this is such a silly comment , arguing against the scary ` neoliberal ' boogieman . 
  who is this evil ` neoliberal ' boogieman that keeps trying to impose more and more evils upon the poor peoples of greece ? 
   there is a reason why they made those ridiculous projections that no one believes in ... this is not a bail-out program . 
  they are bleeding out the greek government . 
  everyone knew that we were only pushing down the problem down the road , loaning money to pay back interests while imposing massive budget cuts + free flow of capital .
