  i did n't make a prediction based on the past , i was pointing out the historical difficulty of italian military ambitions in africa . 
  however given there 'd been no military buildup in recent years , no existential military threats , no european calls to war , it 's pretty easy to surmise that the italian military would be at an even worse state of readiness than when it last went into africa . 
  the process works , the problem is that it 's not used . 
  italy ca n't cope with the dublin three criteria at it 's current level . 
  and the ` no papers = illegal ' sounds extremely arbitrary , in many places it 's difficult to even get such papers and the government has an active interest in such . 
  are you telling me italy 's military is more prepared now than it was then ? 
  i doubt it , these kinds of comments are surprisingly common and far more likely than a ` false flag ' . 
  because we built them a road or two , duh . 
  the law does have this thing called the presumption of innocence . 
  no one is guilty until they 're deemed so . 
  tens of thousands of years ? 
  wow , you 're fucking old !, 
  no it 's not , it 's not black and white which is what i 've been trying to explain to you . 
  the law so very rarely is . 
  again , irregularly entering , not illegally entering . 
  it 's not using a slippery slope argument . 
  either international laws and norms matter , or they do n't . 
  if you start acting as if they do n't , then they do n't - any country has valid grounds for annulling any agreement they have with you on the grounds that you do it . 
   i 'm being practical . 
  that 's not being practical . 
  i 'm not interested in teaching people the very basic tenets of westphalian sovereignty and the current international order . 
  they 're not entering the country without that countries permission , because that country makes special provisions for irregular entrants who are trying to claim asylum . 
  it 's stupidity . 
  no it 's not , hence why they 're deemed to be ` irregular entrants ' . 
  an illegal immigrant is only someone that 's been deemed as such , you do n't throw it around willy nilly for everyone . 
  i 'm not being emotional , i 'm taking your ideas to their logical conclusion in a farcical way to demonstrate how ludicrous they are . 
   syria would be `` defending '' itself if it shot down us aircraft right now but they wo n't even consider doing it because they know what will happen if they do . 
  i think you 're pretending we live in a world where the niceties of international law are still respected . 
  they might if they thought it was going to be dumping shit on them . 
  you 're acting like an 18th century imperialist here ... 
  except they 're not illegal if they 're deemed refugees . 
  think about it as being deemed ` guilty ' or ` innocent ' in a murder trial . 
  asylum seekers are the defendant , refugee is a verdict of innocent , illegal migrant is a verdict of guilty . 
  so you think that european countries should be acting as colonial powers again , invading and controlling at whim over the wishes of the native population ? 
  i have no more time for you . 
  it 's not impossible to determine . 
  you process them , and once that 's done you know . 
  yeah , so the problem is n't the system we currently have in place , it 's that the system is n't being used . 
  the migrants are n't being processed . 
  that 's why it was put in quotation marks , and also serves to show why unauthorized violating of sovereign territory are so dangerous . 
   you keep positing these insane hypotheticals . 
  the only insane hypothetical here is to invade tunis to dump mediterranean migrants there , i was just responding to that . 
  except they would n't be attacking italy , they 'd be defending themselves from italian ships violating their territorial waters . 
  how are you still not getting this ? 
   oh cry me a river . 
  ah , great , guess we can just violate any treaties and international laws we deem fit in that case . 
  let 's just throw apart the entire international system , let sovereign anarchy rule once more . 
  regress one hundred years , that 's the way to progress !, 
   but not every tom dick and harry who happen to live in a messed up country and their cousins neighbour got killed because some militia got the wrong house . 
  i never claimed we should . 
  but those that arrive to europe and request asylum should be processed - if found in need of protection they should stay , if not they should be deported . 
  i do n't need to find precedent , it 's a fact . 
  countries are allowed to use force to defend themselves , and they have full sovereign control of their territory . 
  airliners are ` routinely ' shot down by countries thinking that they 're military planes invading their airspace . 
  and tunis would n't have to go to war , because no european country would ever be crazy enough to do it . 
  but if that did happen , they 'd be able to shut off the trans-mediterranean pipeline , let alone cutting off other oil and gas exports . 
  there is zero truth to it . 
  you keep saying ` war with the eu ' , it would n't be . 
  it would be , at most , a war with italy , a country that 's had notoriously terrible luck in war , and especially in african war . 
  and tunisia would have the home-turf advantage . 
  they 're not going to just let italy dump whatever the fuck they want on their shores , and what 's more doing so would be illegal under any number of international laws and norms . 
  illegally entering their territorial waters to dump shit on the shores is invading . 
  you 're mad if you think it is n't , and if you think this is a legitimate honest to god solution . 
  i do n't know what reality you live in , but it 's clearly not this one . 
  it does if they do n't withdraw when asked , and tunisia would be well within their rights militarily and legally to use force to prevent the ships getting any closer . 
  i guess you 'd also be fine with doing away with the needless expense that is the justice system , given you 've been absolutely fine with ( and even gleeful of ) extrajudicial killing in northern ireland . 
  i fail to see how that 's them ` abusing the asylum system ' , as opposed to a bunch of uneducated and fearful people worried about their future . 
  nato would n't be in effect since tunisia would be the one being invaded ... 
  it should be ` root cause ' , but since northern africa is a route for those fleeing war it might be a ` route cause ' . 
   if we actually address the route cause was that intentional or unintentional word play ? 
  why should n't they be applying in the eu ? 
  there are no restrictions on where you can apply for asylum , the whole ` first safe country ' is a guiding principle , not an ironclad rule . 
  secondly , if the easiest way for them to leave syria is to get on a ship bound for italy , as opposed to crossing hundreds of km of contested warzone , why would n't they ? 
  i hate puns . 
  how do you know they 're illegal immigrants and not refugees ? 
  second , they 're not ` invading ' . 
  are you high ? 
  you 're proposing invading a sovereign country and dumping ` undesirables ' there . 
  maybe you could get away with it the first time , but the second time there 'll be missiles flying if they do n't turn around . 
  what is europe going to do in retaliation , put boots on the ground because the tunisians were defending their territory ? 
  they 're migrants because it has n't been determined yet whether they 're genuine asylum seekers or illegal immigrants . 
  are you seriously proposing violating tunisian territorial waters and inevitably starting a war ? 
  you 're a sociopath . 
  because sweden would n't be able to control how the money is spent and that it 's actually spent on refugees . 
  they are accountable to their constituents after all , and can ensure that funds allocated for refugees are n't misappropriated in sweden . 
  those countries deal with refugees considerably less pleasantly than sweden would as well , which would mean it would be tacit support for that too . 
  my , are n't you an unpleasant person . 
  it does n't just sound tough , it sounds outright illegal . 
  the nazis had to top up their death-squad soldiers with alcohol to have them handle the mass murders . 
  what do you propose for european sailors , shoot them up with heroin to make it easier ? 
  are you volunteering to go there and start blowing up boats full of men , women , and children ? 
  edit : that me getting downvoted to -5 for calling out someone that advocated destroying boatloads of refugee men , women , and children , really says a lot about some people . 
  jeez , well here we go . 
  i 'm probably one of the few here that do n't think that this is the right thing to do . 
  the unclos is very specific that if you hear a distress call as a coastal state , and you have the power to help a vessel in distress , you have to go do it , and the ships that have been on this mission the last few years have little else to do otherwise ( after all , they are military and coast guard ships ) . 
  that said , there 's certainly considerably more that could be done at a european level to alleviate the stresses on the italian system . 
  ca n't the baltic countries spare a ship or two ? 
  could n't the uk ? 
  the dublin series of agreements was created to deal with the processing of migrants , should n't that either be expanded to ensure the cooperation of all eu countries in this areas as well , or scrapped as it 's disproportionately burdensome on southern ones ? 
  alas , i do n't think the eu and national governments have the political capital to enact any such change , so we 're stuck in a kind of limbo of bad solutions .
