  almost nothing he can do will stop them coming to the negotiating table in a minor way , it does help his aim . 
  but not enough to matter, 
  as i said , i like the art beyond the fact of what 's going on in greece . 
  absent context , it 's humorous and kind of endearing . 
  props for knowing what golliwogs are though . 
  i think the point he 's making is that the economics were n't changeable because of the soviets and the warsaw pact ( and the brezhnev doctrine in particular ) , not that such economics was warsaw pact economics . 
  let 's not assign this to some nebulous ` liberal-right status quo ' . 
  jeez , i would love to get a print of that and hang it up on my wall . 
  ignoring the whole tragedy of the greek crisis , it 's a pretty cool piece of art . 
  yes , i want your comment which breaks the rules ( ` censorship ' ) removed . 
  you banned as well , for preference , given your posting history suggests you contribute nothing . 
  the debt to gap ratio is irrelevant in this context , as is the trade deficit . 
  the final comment was completely unnecessary as well . 
  in fact , your entire tone is shitty throughout, 
  you know that ireland only pays a few tents of a percentage less of its gdp on debt servicing than greece ? 
  do n't see them bitching about how they do n't need to pay back the money they borrowed . 
  i 'm on my phone so i ca n't report your comment , but hopefully / u/slyratchet will take care of it when he sees it . 
  the public sector is n't actually so big , compared to other countries . 
  comment is free , yeah . 
  sadly , to many in this sub , it 's not . 
  can you expand on these interactions ? 
  do you have absolutely anything to back this up , or is it just a general `` immigrants ! '', 
  kind of rallying cry ? 
  ` brussels ' did n't win , the negotiating member states governments that wanted to go through won . 
  anyway , in most countries referenda are n't legally binding , and the constitutional and lisbon treaties were sufficiently different that it 's silly to conflate referenda on one for the other . 
  as i recall , talks for debt restructuring and the like were meant to occur after the last bailout negotiations ended . 
  i made a post about why negotiations have to be secret [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3aokfu/fracking_poses_significant_risk_to_humans_and/cseosy3 ) if you 're curious . 
  the eu has no power to ` push through ' the constitutional treaty . 
  that is purely up to the national governments . 
  if you 're going to make such claims , you need to point directly to the mechanisms involved instead of vague and general `` they just did it , ok ?! '', 
  except that 's not what the leaks in the document suggest . 
  the guardian only made a spurious connection between the two , if one were to read the leaks they 'd see that what was actually happening was the eu negotiators said they were n't going to agree to any more stringent form of regulatory cooperation because they did n't want to be seen to be lowering standards . 
  those pesticide laws were actually a combination of lobbying from eu companies , partially from the american chamber of commerce , and partially from a regular american diplomatic mission to the eu - absolutely nothing to do with ttip . 
  but that 's now how standards are going to be ` harmonized ' . 
  when they talk about harmonizing standards , they 're not talking about making them the same , they 're talking about things like dual-certification - where , for example , standards in the two markets might be functionally equivalent but different - so say headlights in the us need to be 1cm wider and taller than in the eu , this will mean that the us will accept the standards of the eu and vice versa * when those standards are not shown to be worse in one market or the other , just different * . 
  this will lower the costs involved for companies on both side of the atlantic without compromising important standards . 
  assuming that your only measure of diversity is ` skin colour ' . 
  the issue here was n't `` is it a utopia '' , it was `` does it work '' . 
  so outside the largest population centres that have over 80 % of our population , you 'll hardly find any immigrants ? 
  like i said to the other guy , that 's not what this is about . 
  it 's about multiculturalism . 
  he said multiculturalism does n't work . 
  anyway , what fucking use is a bunch of hungarian language advertisements in hungary to stop immigration ? 
  the context was `` multiculturalism does n't work '' , not asylum policy . 
  i know ours is atrocious . 
  i 'm an australian that lives in europe . 
  why do you ask ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that at least one of the gatt rounds is the largest trade deal in history . 
  the difference was that those posted were put in people smuggling towns , which went on leaky boats and thousands of people drowned per years . 
  orban 's ones are in hungary . 
  that is , sadly , unfortunate :(, 
  see my flag ? 
  australia . 
  we 're one of the most multicultural societies on the planet , and it 's working fine . 
  they 're probably more closely analogous to psychology as a discipline . 
  fortunately ? 
  it 's unfortunate that they 're a minority . 
  it 's always been in trouble , economic analyses have found that the only country that benefits is russia , whilst thanks to trade diversion effects the other countries actually * lose * gdp growth . 
  knew it . 
  if you mean a referendum , of course there is - article 50 is rather specifically about leaving the eu . 
   not abiding by one other than in exceptional circumstances this is the rub though , is n't it ? 
  unless it 's legally binding , this will always be the case . 
  i think the opposite . 
  different ways of thinking leads to a wider array of different solutions to issues europe faces . 
  i do n't think there have been enough cases to definitively state that . 
  there have only been two country-wide ones , that 's not enough of a sample size . 
  not that they 'll stage a marxist revolution , but that they hold the rest of the party hostage . 
  functionally , that 's what it is . 
  they want the greek public to have no illusions on the subject . 
  it 's a surprisingly realistic view , the hard left in syriza is very powerful . 
  if he does n't think he can get something through parliament , there 's no point campaigning for it . 
  referenda are n't legally binding in the uk anyway . 
  i think you need to take a step back mate . 
  you used to make good arguments , these days you just say whatever anti-eu stereotypical ukip line that 's lying around . 
  you 're smarter than that . 
  if i had to choose between a fireman setting my national health policy , or a doctor , i 'd pick the doctor every time . 
  if that 's the case , point out why he 's wrong . 
  these character attacks will only be up voted by people that already agree wth you , they wo n't change anyone 's mind, 
  that 's my favourite kind !, 
  i 'm pretty sure that greece printing the drachma ( even if still officially on the euro ) , constitutes a breach of the treaties . 
  i do n't think it 's enough to get them kicked out , but it might be enough to suspend a great deal of their privileges under the eu . 
  could you please provide me to a link of varoufakis ' account ? 
  jesus , people have really used the term gipsi ? 
  piigs is bad enough , but gipsi is just another level of wrong . 
  visiting spain for the first time some six years ago , it was the first place i 'd ever been to that so openly accepted homosexuality . 
  coming out of barcelona airport ( ha , not like that ) , i saw a number of gay couples running up to each other . 
  well done spain !, 
  i think a great part of that is the [ hedonic treadmill ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hedonic_treadmill ) , where people naturally reach a baseline of contetedness . 
  how do you mean by more european exactly , i 'm curious . 
  it 's a good speech , and despite this subreddits dislike of the man , find myself agreeing with him . 
  i 'm not sure whether the leaders of syriza themselves torpedoed the negotiations , or factional political realities , but the best thing to do might have been to have a conscience vote on the proposals from the institutions to counteract that , but i 'm not sure how possible this is in the greek system . 
  we know many syriza mps are ... shall we say , considerably to the left and ideologically opposed on principle . 
  they 've surpassed it . 
  regardless , catching up with the past is a silly argument . 
  if an economy is sufficiently fucked up ( as greeces was ) , it can take considerably longer . 
  and no , not tucked up by austerity but by chronic clientalism and government mismanagement, 
  it 's not merely standing n the way , but multiple parliaments , many hostile to greece after syrizas attempts at negotiation , that would find it difficult to pass a different pact . 
  especially given they were pegged to the euro during that time ( losing the peg would mean delaying entry to the euro zone significantly ) , and so were functionally very similar to greece . 
  the latest edition of the economist , the article ` my big fat greek divorce ' says 3 %, 
  mostly i 'm talking about trust and commitment between the eu and greece .
