  but the amount of different topics he comments on , it 's hard to imagine he 's examined any of them in depth enough to actually be able to be considered an authority on each and every one . 
  i 'm not really sure solidarity is possible on an issue like this , especially given there are 28 different parliaments , and they 're not always going to line up with their views . 
  treaty reform is desperately needed , but the timing does have to be right . 
  i 'm afraid this is just going to mean that greece is going to have to suffer through . 
  far from an ideal solution , of course , but i do n't see anything else pragmatically feasible . 
  not a fan of such moves ( as i recall , russia also had to take money from some private pensions funds about a year ago as well ) , but if i recall correctly then greece is n't going to have any long term obligations after august , so if they can survive until then it might be a good move . 
  that said , this is only half-recollected information on my behalf , so do your own research . 
  or better yet , send something directly to the eu where they 're actually * asking * for input on ttip , like [ here ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/trade/policy/in-focus/ttip/have-your-say/ ), 
  if he provides a source for his vague claims , i 'll be happy to take a look and debunk them but i 'm not going to just argue against any random claim made . 
  it 's the best way to go about it , but if there 's something you 're particularly concerned about being in ttip , or something you 'd like to be in there , it 's always worth shooting off a message to the eu about it [ here ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/trade/policy/in-focus/ttip/have-your-say/ ) . 
  this is also an awful video , full of points that have been disproven ( including by me in this thread ) , but for some reason they also think that the eu or the us give a shit that the pork producers council in the us would not accept something . 
  edit : the deleted comment above is where / u/themysterblueflame linked to the same video he 's linked to in a number of different areas in this thread . 
  i 'm not sure why he chose to delete it only here ( or why he 's deleted other comments of his that i 've replied to . 
  actually , it is possible to judge the merits of those studies , namely that the capaldo paper uses the gpm to examine ttip ( i believe this is also the first use of gpm to analyze a trade deal ) . 
  the issue is , however , that gpm does n't take into account the main variable under consideration - non tariff barriers - in any way , shape or form . 
  the cge model used by the cepr report * does * factor in ntbs , which is why it 's the far superior paper . 
  the portuguese secretary of state for european affairs goes into this [ here ] ( https://euobserver.com/opinion/127103 ) . 
  it might also be worth noting , absent any other information , that cepr is * the most * renowned and respected economic think tank in europe , primarily funded by central banks and staffed by university professors , whilst the capaldo is just a phd student . 
  but you 're right , the way the negotiations are conducted does make people more suspicious about the deal . 
  that said , i doubt most of them have even bothered to look at the vast amount of resources on ttip the eu provides ( more so than in any other trade negotiation ever negotiated previously in history ) . 
  consumer rights groups do , yes . 
  regardless , negotiators know that the agreement will have to pass 28 national parliaments plus the ep , and they saw what happened with acta , so only if they 're really stupid ( a hint : they 're not ) will they be insensitive to the needs of the public in general . 
  you 're mistaken . 
  neither have to happen , because this is not about raising or lowering standards , this is about mutual recognition of certain standards . 
  for example , the regulations in the us and the eu about how water-resistant a tire has to be are different , but neither is found to be better than the other . 
  so instead of a tire company having to have them tested in both the eu , and the us , to sell in both markets , what ttip will do instead is allow for dual certification , so the company would only have to test it either in the eu or the us to be able to sell to both markets . 
  they 're only doing this where regulations are equivalent , and one is n't worse than the other . 
  these are the non-tariff barriers they 're trying to break down . 
  edit : the person that submitted this website seems to be deleting comments . 
  i do n't think that 's why . 
  i 've read a tremendous amount of criticism about ttip , and the overwhelming majority is easily disproven , indicating that the public simply has no idea what it 's talking about . 
  there is no possibility of changing it after negotiations are finished , but there is the possibility to not ratify it . 
   the answers in your euractiv link does nothing to address concerns about consumer protection , social rights , health , the environment and data protection , forced privatisation and generally the moving of power from elected government to multinational corporations . 
  you did n't ask me about any of these . 
  i responded to your comments earlier , and you asked me to back them up . 
  i can respond to these as well . 
  i 'm sorry you feel i just dismissed what you were writing . 
  i can cover most of those now . 
  the eu has says on its page that they 're [ not going to change `` existing levels of protection ( consumer , environmental , health , etc ) for the sake of an agreement '' ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/trade/policy/in-focus/ttip/questions-and-answers/ ) . 
  i 'm not sure where you 'd want me to link to about forced privatizations , or moving power from elected governments , because both of those are rather bizarre claims . 
  data protection i do n't know about myself , as it 's not an area i 'm interested in ( a lot of that tech stuff flies right by me ) , but i 've seen no indications anywhere that data protection will be lessened . 
   the isds link is from 2013 , and correct me if i 'm wrong , but that could easily have changed since then ? 
  the only thing that has changed here is that the eu has shelved negotiations on isds in ttip , pending an examination on how they could make it more palatable to the european public . 
  the problem is , only a few thousand people in europe actually understand isds to a degree where they can see past `` companies suing governments ! '', 
  basically , yeah . 
  although there 's still the tpp as well . 
  you 're new here . 
  i 've been fighting the ignorance and fearmongering around ttip for about a year on / r/europe now . 
  most of the regular users know my views , that message was for them . 
  we do n't know how long the civil war we helped end would 've continued . 
  how it might 've radicalised opposition groups , leading possibly even to a point like syria . 
  arab spring was an incredibly powerful phenomenon , i do n't think it would 've been as easy to crush the opposition as many people make it out to be . 
  the us is different , this is just the procedure for the eu . 
  for the us , i believe under fast track the longest ratification can take is six months . 
  beats me . 
  i have more insight than most into this stuff , i have friends in the swedish immigration department that tell me a little about procedures and policy , but i 'm definitely no expert . 
  it 's far easier for him to make wildly incorrect and unsourced claims about how evil ttip is , than it is for me to respond to each claim individually and source it . 
  not to mention what he wrote is vague as fuck . 
  i think there 's actually a name for the arguing technique , where you just make endless claims that takes ages to disprove each one of them , but its name is slipping my mind at the moment . 
  i think this is because you 're misunderstanding how policy is created . 
  when they want to create a new law , they always speak to the relevant stakeholders first - after all , these people are the experts in their field , they know the ins-and-outs of the industry , and they know best how certain changes will affect that industry sector . 
  so of course , different companies give , or are asked , for their opinion on how things should be done , or what effect a certain proposal would have on the industry , and so forth . 
   you are outright lying when you say it 's consultants and not lobbying groups who have a say in the treaty . 
  i 'm not a big fan of being accused of lying . 
  first , that post was written specifically about the tpp , and i just copy pasted it for a person who had asked why it was secret , with the caveat at the top that it 's about the tpp ( specifically about us industry trade advisory committees at the end there ) . 
  second , yes , the eu does it a different way . 
  but it still gets enormous input from public groups . 
  there are far more international companies in , say , the chemicals sector , than there are environmental ngos dealing with chemicals . 
  the report you linked to likes to scare people with number disparities , but it never argues why there should be a 1:1 ratio of corporate vs ngo meetings with respect to ttip . 
  do you really need 6 different ngos coming in to talk about chemicals all basically saying the same things , as opposed to say a shampoo company and a pesticide company who have different concerns ? 
  thanks !, 
  it seems to prove my point . 
  yeah , it is , i 've linked to it a few times but ca n't find it at the moment , it 's official oecd data . 
  i 'll try and find it again . 
  edit : i 'm not entirely sure why , but it seems they 've snipped off data for greece older than 2006 . 
  i assure you , i definitely saw that greece had the worst budget deficit of all the countries there for most of the last thirty years , but since my graph is n't working as it used to in the past you 'll either have to disbelieve me or do some research of your own . 
  i first linked to it [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2vabdj/all_grexit_needs_is_a_few_more_disastrous_weeks/cofyvoo ) , but those oecd bastards are screwing with me . 
  you know what , i would be happy to . 
  only the negotiating documents ( the position each party has during the negotiations ) will be secret . 
  the actual text of the agreement will be [ public for more than a year before its ratified ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/sections/trade-society/commission-official-eu-not-going-change-its-food-legislation-because-ttip#.vhqw3url5sq.reddit )  once the agreement is concluded it will become public . 
  it will be a way before it goes to the parliament for ratification . 
  you can see that in case of eu-canada agreement , the text is now accessible on our website , it can be consulted by anyone and it is the agreement which has still not even been submitted to legal revision . 
  after it is submitted to legal revision , it would need to be translated , and it would be more than a year before it goes for consideration to the european parliament . 
  that 's the guy that runs the department that handles the negotiations by the way , the director of dg trade . 
  as to isds , [ for your reading pleasure ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2013/november/tradoc_151916.pdf ) . 
  that 's an official fact sheet from the european commission , again , far more credible than a ` freelance journalist ' ( who wrote for the independent ) and a few european affairs correspondents . 
  no , but having the worst budget deficit in the oecd for some 20 of the last 30 years plays a very big role . 
  or when you actually read the leaked chapters , you realize they 're largely pretty standard and exist in numerous other agreements that european governments have . 
  i wrote a post about why it 's negotiated in secret [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/32bdez/my_grandad_reads_the_paper_everyday_and_hasnt/cq9w6y2 ) . 
  literally everything you 've written here is wrong . 
  it does , since you 're wrong . 
  there are no secret provisions . 
  the entire treaty will be public for more than a year before it 's even ratified . 
  companies ca n't override national governments . 
  isds provisions are part of more than 3400 agreements worldwide , including 1400 in the eu . 
  they 've been around for more than 50 years . 
  none of the apocalyptic stuff you 've proposed has happened . 
  it 's actually far more reasonable than garbage like stop-ttip . org portrays it as . 
  provide some credible statistics showing that and i 'll happily discuss that with you . 
  your username ... it does n't really fit you .
