  they 're useful for that , if nothing else . 
  yeah , the independent report stated that the russian-georgian war was essentially started by the georgians , but that all sides were at fault . 
  to say that they ` decimated ' georgia for no good reason is just bullshit . 
  yep , i got [ this message ] ( http://imgur.com/4wemv ) about a year ago . 
  he did n't get them killed . 
  they chose to sign onto a job that carried such risks , and the shooter got them killed . 
  as i said , he 's an idiot - but what happened is n't his fault . 
  you 're gon na blame the cyclist instead of the shooters ? 
  the guy is n't very intelligent , but i do n't see why it 's his fault . 
  why would sweden leave ? 
  they too have an obligation to join the eurozone eventually . 
  and the dkk is pegged to the euro already , which is seen as a great positive for the danes and their economy . 
  that is exactly how they view it . 
  i 'd be surprised to see a deal go through in the next 5 years . 
  his party got the most votes . 
   seems very reasonable and far removed from the ridiculous things people like farage advocate . 
  very true , though on a personal level i reject many of the things she said , such as the notion that democratic legitimacy comes from the member states ( why have the ep then ? 
  ) , that ever-closer union at the eu is no longer relevant , and that there should be a red card . 
  how do you determine those that are islamic militants , and those that fought for the free syrian army ( the democratic force in the country ) ? 
  why do you call the fight against assad , the guy that began mercilessly butchering his own population when they protested against him in arab spring , used chemical weapons , and indiscriminately bombed entire districts a ` hopeless war ' ? 
  are you going to strip everyone of their citizenship if they look darker and have been in that general area ? 
  except i was giving a reason for why it might be beneficial to maintain some level of subsidy as i recall , and not that the wine industry would suffer a cataclysmic demise if subsidies were n't handed out . 
  you submit to shitstatistssay . 
  you 're some brand of libertarian/an cap . 
  libertarians , where the problem is always the government and the solution is always corporations . 
  similarly , i 'm an aussie and i tolerate -20 far better than i do +45, 
  i was at a conference about ten years ago , they said that something like 75 % of people that were missing/had a certain gene self identified as gay . 
  this is * very * hazy from many years ago memory , mind you . 
  who is harassing for political views ? 
  is racism a political view ? 
  the views of the swedish democrats are basically racist . 
  i do n't respect their views , just as i do n't respect the views of fascists/communists/sexists / homophobes/etc and i certainly would n't want any such in any organization that i 'd run . 
  ` hunted animals ' ? 
  really ? 
  i would n't say excellent . 
  it was good , especially in the early years . 
  but the engineering that went into their weapons to make them rugged and just * work * in all conditions has still , i 'd say , been unsurpassed . 
  one of the only aspects of the soviet union that actually functioned was weapons development and the military . 
  i think they were referring to the country , not to the governments , when they called norway ` europhobic ', 
  what the fuck ? 
  none of what you wrote made any sense . 
  how does fusion power remove heat from the earths core ? 
  ukip are a bunch of climate change deniers , no ? 
  hear , hear !, 
  factionalism , personality politics , etc. 
  just because they 're in the same party , does n't mean they necessarily like cameron as the leader or as a person . 
  that 's one interpretation , for the eurosceptics i think the interpretation would be more ` we 're big enough to tell the eu to fuck off ' . 
  could have borrowed it from the friend he was staying with , perhaps ? 
  i too have seen him post homophobic things in the past , but ca n't comment on his work situation . 
  yep . 
  it 's simple pragmatism . 
  work for the best possible outcome . 
  if they get out of prison with debts , they 'll be more likely to turn to crime to quickly pay back those debts as restarting a regular life will be immensely difficult . 
  according to the discussion [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/1v2poo/uk_to_guarantee_independent_scotlands_debt/ ) it seems you 're misreading the situation . 
  why do you think they ca n't make a difference either way ? 
  if i found an eu wide decent rate from a carrier , i would jump on it even if it meant a 10 % premium on everything and the fee for cancelling my current contract . 
  well , thanks to the new laws , they 're not . 
  they are given official police powers to detain and limited question . 
  every ikea a secret swedish armoury . 
  they make it so difficult to navigate to foil spies . 
  well that 's the thing . 
  australia has already turned to the us with respect to military procurement , security cooperation , and r & amp ;d when it became apparent that the uk could no longer act as a security guarantor following the fall of singapore . 
  regardless , there is little need for a group of nations separated by seas to cooperate like that beyond history , and that just does n't cut it these days . 
  regionalization is king ( asean , sco , mercosur , au , eu , etc ) . 
  simply put , there is nothing that the uk could reasonably offer the overwhelming majority of commonwealth countries who already have most such agreements with other parties . 
  bilateral agreements are feasible , but not of great benefit . 
  the commonwealth is pretty much dead ( members are even leaving lately ) . 
  do n't expect * anything * from the commonwealth if the uk leaves the eu . 
  you 're far more useful to us within the eu arguing for agricultural trade liberalization and being a strong actor on the world stage , than outside it . 
  that seems sensible, 
  it was joke ... 
  i imagine it 's for the same reason that ticket inspectors on public transport in australia have the same right . 
  if they do n't , the people can just run away and the theft goes unpunished . 
  yeah , but i 'd never thought of ` badarse ' and ` dutch ' going together until this week . 
  yeah , the largest most important countries . 
  or do you really think nauru has been waiting for 70 years for the uk to get it 's act together ? 
  yeah , did i specifically say just ` australia ' somewhere ? 
  ok , so what could the uk offer to the commonwealth countries that they do n't already have better under other arrangements ? 
  you 've crawled out of the woodwork once more i see . 
  well , judging by the new comments i 've been vindicated and it was a shitty poll with shitty methodology . 
  alas , i do n't speak italian myself so i ca n't verify , but that seems to be the general consensus here . 
  they are all restrictions on freedom of speech . 
  it 's just that it 's been determined that to allow those forms of speech ( false advertising , etc ) does a certain amount more harm to society than good . 
  now that we 've established that there is some kind of arbitrary delineation between what is allowed to be said , and what is n't , based on harm caused , it just comes down to finding a societally acceptable level at which something becomes legal or illegal . 
  it 's not exactly a stretch to see ` hate laws ' and such put into place as well . 
  how is that a strawman ? 
  all those impose on someone 's freedom of speech in some way , regardless of whether it 's governed by other laws as well . 
  the op is arguing for blanket freedom of speech . 
  every poll . 
  i frequently complain when articles come up that do n't explain their methodology . 
  did you notice the part that said ` skew their data ** either way ** ' ? 
  yeah , that was because i was n't sure whether it should be higher or lower . 
  the euro is n't exactly popular these days . 
  if there 's one thing you should 've learnt from seeing my posts over the years , it 's that i value accuracy in my data more than anything else . 
  you have n't explained anywhere what ` problems ' this ` identity crisis ' is causing . 
  you think welfare causes unemployment ? 
  it was in the preamble of an international treaty , explaining the vision and the lens through which the treaty is to be read . 
  it 's true that it has no clear legal effect , but to say there is n't a clear commitment is just wrong . 
  you want me to disprove your claim that welfare provides no benefit to society at all ? 
  maybe you should , i dunno , read the fucking article before commenting ?
