  unfortunately , expert opinion do n't carry much truck with civil society . 
  i 'm actually pretty surprised so many go to poland . 
  no , but some people might get confused between the tpp and the ttip . 
  regardless , it 's a standard refrain when people post something not related to europe , so i do n't see why i 'm getting grief over it . 
  one is being negotiated by two parties , the eu and the us , and the other has 12 ( and soon to be more ) parties with completely different trade and investment priorities . 
  i do n't see why they would be similar . 
  eh , we 'll just have to agree to disagree . 
  but stop using bullshit rhetoric like `` you just hate poland '' because i happen to hold a different view . 
  it 's childish in the extreme . 
  eh , on wto negotiations , but a large part of that crossed over into ftas as well . 
  but yeah , the problem is a lot of these people do n't really have the mental infrastructure to determine a good source from a bad one , or a good argument from a ludicrous conspiracy driven one . 
  i simply do not know how to get through to them . 
  the ukrainians that celebrate bandera and the upa today , i would say over 95 % of them bear no ill-will towards polish people . 
  you 're just stuck in history . 
  for them it is not a symbol of polish hate , but rather of ukrainian identity . 
  i do n't hate it in the slightest . 
  i do have the overly patriotic/nationalistic sentiment that pervades through much of society here though . 
  tried therapy ? 
  because whilst that sucks , and i 'm sorry it happened , is that really an excuse to be against anyone that 's basically black ? 
  i was beaten up by some polish people three years ago that were mugging me . 
  i realise that those were just a few people , and that shitty ones are in the extreme minority . 
  why are you uncomfortable around people who look different from you ? 
  is it just the skin ? 
  someone with more of a tan ? 
  different coloured hair ? 
  how different do they have to look ? 
  so why do you think the ethnic composition should be maintained ? 
  the line between an ethnicity and a bunch of people is completely arbitrary , it 's all genetic diversity with a splash of random traits . 
  you could always make it smaller or larger groups . 
  why not just protecting bergen 's ethnic composition ? 
  after all , they should be slightly different to trondheim . 
  why not just vastlandet 's ? 
  why not just some suburb in oslo where people are more likely to mix with people from the same suburb ? 
  why not scandinavia ? 
  the whole of norway is n't one homogenous ethnicity . 
  it 's a bunch of people that fuck amongst themselves , fuck with foreigners , and constantly have changing genes . 
  why should you constrain an ethnicity purely because a bunch of people had difficulty travelling around the world and fucking other people ? 
  put simply , what is it about ` norwegian ethnicity ' that makes it special ? 
  or european ? 
  what about the borderlands between europe and asia , where some are in your mind ` european ' and some are ` asian ' , yet they mix as well ? 
  edit :  bye bye / r/european certainly a start . 
  stranger things have happened . 
  edit : given how wrong they are about homosexuality and judaism , how is it that you still subscribe to so many of their other theories ? 
  i was n't referring to just your commenting on / r/european , i presume you 've fell into such a crowd amongst real people . 
  / u/christ0ph , you claim to always harp on about the evils of ftas and the ttip in / r/europe because your posts get deleted in other subs . 
  today there was a massive discussion about the tpp in / r/worldnews , why did n't you go there ? 
  or is it that it 's only here where some people are silly enough for your conspiracy and error laden posts about how the ttip is evil , how you completely misrepresent the gats ( and which i 've corrected you on a number of times ) , etc ? 
  that does n't necessarily mean it 's due to culture . 
  the guy is a 17 year old norwegian that 's fallen in with some kind of stormfront crowd , i 've tried to sway him away but to no avail . 
  lost cause . 
  here 's another response from me so you can write another essay laden with conspiracy theories . 
  they 're not even close , from what i 've seen . 
  did you miss the sentence above where i said i live in poland ? 
  and here comes you bizarre anti-german and anti-western streak once more , which means i ca n't be bothered continuing this conversation any longer . 
  i still recall when you were heaping insults on the west , ignoring that , for example , australian forces and polish forces fought side by side in tobruk . 
  those guys would be fucking ashamed of you . 
  did you even read what i wrote ? 
  i just said it has nothing to do with whether you trust me or not . 
  i ca n't believe i spend so much time arguing with someone who is probably clinically insane . 
  not just for one utterance , but for what i 've tagged him as having written before . 
  you know , like how you adopted my dubbing you ` hardcore polish nationalist ' , although you seem to have changed it to `` village idiot of / r/europe ''  do brother nations kill each other ? 
  sorry , i did n't realise ukrainians were massacring poles in 2014 . 
  are you kidding ? 
  there has been a massive increase in the relations between the two countries since this whole russian thing began . 
  more ukrainians like poland than probably at any other point over the last hundred years . 
  you have the opportunity to bury the hatchet and try and move on , but you respond with pettiness . 
  you really think all 45 million ukrainians hate poland ? 
  i 'd say it 'd be considerably less than one tenth ( although with the shit coming out of your mouth , it might be more for you on a personal level ) , but for you dear nationalist , that 's unimportant . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1qmrez/polish_nationalists_celebrated_their_independence/cden9hg ) a great post describing your type . 
   hey , some of those ukrainians support a guy we do n't like , so what we should to is side with russia , who also hates us and charges us the highest gas prices in europe , who has been an existential threat for more than 400 years and is getting more and more belligerent , instead . 
  i mean , really , we should just assume that the people of today totally support those actions from 70 years ago . 
  because that 's how real poles think , right ? 
  i mean , really , your sentiment is so stupid . 
  there 's a fantastic opportunity for rapproachment , to ease the hatred that poisoned two brother nations , and based on shit that happened 2-3 generations ago you want to continue hating them ? 
  ja mieszkam w polsce i nauczylem sie polskiego ... edit : but i guess this just shows the face of the right-wing in poland even more - prejudge everyone , i know i 'm right ( ha ) , fuck the foreigners attitude . 
  this is the face of the right-wing in poland . 
  good sentiment , but see them tank in the polling afterwards . 
  the tpp does n't involve europe or any european countries , so i 'm not exactly certain why this is here . 
  alas , if anything , the whole ` shill ' angle and worrying about it just helps them in their purpose in that case . 
  i do n't dispute that they exist , but it 's not hard to just disprove some idiots point , rather than accuse them of being paid . 
  at the same time , russians are far more likely to comment on russian matters than the average foreigner . 
  as someone that ( frequently ) gets called a shill for one cause or another , i 'm always sceptical of the claims that they really have the much influence . 
  if anything , it 's become a very mcarthian response where it 's like the whole ` red under your bed ' , only with ` shills ' . 
  you think that democracy is a good way of determining those that are and are n't competent ? 
  it 's got nothing to do with trusting me , and everything to do with your posts that read like some kind of tin-foil hatted individual . 
  mate , you 're reading considerably more into my posts than you think . 
  i 'd love for you to link me to anywhere where i did any such thing . 
  more conspiracy laden bullshit . 
  on a quick note , and this is something i see with a lot of people , do n't be so sensitive . 
  many people make jokes and have different life stories . 
  some are genuine arseholes , and they 're easy to spot , some just have experience . 
  the tpp does n't involve any european countries ... 
  absolutely fascinating if true , ca n't wait to see the news reports tomorrow !, 
  tried to do a search , ca n't find any more information about this anywhere . 
  the eu ca n't take steps towards a federal eu . 
  that can only happen through treaty change , which is entirely in the hands of the member-states . 
  alas , we do n't know the exact grounds that they 're suing for . 
  someone else in this thread linked to a sverigesradio ( sweden 's radio ) report that said that part of the claim by vattenfall is that they were issues a levy that they had to pay for nuclear power plants that were shut down , and they 're disputing that . 
  but the actual details of the case have n't been released to the public so we simply do n't know how much of a ` common sense ' ground vattenfall is suing by . 
   as i see it , they failed to prepare for the energiewende and are now trying to minimize their losses at germany 's expense .
