  there is no isds agreement in existence , nor implicit in any of the recent leaks , that a company will be able to `` sue for lost profit '' , the implication being that all a company has to prove is that their bottom line was damaged and they 're entitled to compensation . 
  unfortunately , those articles are generally crappy at explaining how isds functions , which is understandable given the level of specialist knowledge required to get a serious grasp around it . 
  i wrote an eli5 [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3aokfu/fracking_poses_significant_risk_to_humans_and/cseoj4j ), 
  so if they called it tppftaiwtaoeua ( trans pacific partnership for trade and investment with the aim of enriching us all ) , people would n't mind ? 
  there 's a topic generally every 2-3 days , it 's just that there 's little to discuss these days that has n't been discussed before , absent new information . 
  and this is one of the bizarre things about the claim that i see so often , no one seems to suggest how such ` secret laws ' work , or can explain why all of a sudden we 'd have secret laws when they had n't existed before . 
  if you want an explanation of why it 's not open , i wrote an eli5 [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3aokfu/fracking_poses_significant_risk_to_humans_and/cseosy3 ) . 
  in addition , it 's rare to see a draft of a piece of legislation before it 's completed . 
  yep . 
  ~ ~ wikipedia ~ ~ wikileaks is responsible for the whole `` ttip/tpp will be secret for four years after it 's ratified ! '', 
  and in the case of vattenfall-germany , i think they absolutely do deserve to win the case . 
  it 's more / r/conspiracy type bullshit.there 's generally an article on the tpp or ttip or some such on / r/politics every week at least . 
  there are a lot of documents so it 'll take me some time , but at the moment i could swear i 've read a lot of it before - either in identical documents , or maybe just in various position statements and releases . 
  edit : for example the paper on isds was tagged to be released for the dg trade website a week after it was written . 
  website is down !, 
  [ the text will be publicly available for probably more than a year ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/sections/trade-society/commission-official-eu-not-going-change-its-food-legislation-because-ttip#.vhqw3url5sq.reddit ) before it even gets voted on . 
   once the agreement is concluded it will become public . 
  it will be a way before it goes to the parliament for ratification . 
  you can see that in case of eu-canada agreement , the text is now accessible on our website , it can be consulted by anyone and it is the agreement which has still not even been submitted to legal revision . 
  after it is submitted to legal revision , it would need to be translated , and it would be more than a year before it goes for consideration to the european parliament . 
  ceta has been publicly available since september last year and they still have n't voted on it . 
  mid 1980s ttip/refugee/fracking / corporations/nuclear shill see above . 
  explains quite a lot though . 
  yep . 
  there 's a reason they 're called irregular entrants , and not illegal ones . 
  no , but some countries ( such as lebanon ) are already strained beyond belief . 
  australia should take more . 
  no one is talking about taking in 150 mil , just the ones that arrive and are genuinely refugees . 
  just because they 're in a bad situation , does n't mean they 're refugees . 
  because i 'm on my phone and traveling . 
  but basically , that 's not how the refugee convention works . 
  it 's not ` oh , you went to anothe country first , you 're no longer a refugee . 
  that 's simply incorrect . 
  they should n't have a problem with refugees full stop , they 're * refugees * . 
  true , but that 's a route between paris and london , two of the largest cities in the world . 
  tallinn and helsinki simply do n't compare . 
  i 'm more reminded of the ferry i took once between stockholm and tallinn , where one drunken russian tried to throw another off the boat . 
  i thought they 'd upgraded that line recently ? 
  lots of alcohol related train accidents . 
  i have a lot of friends in estonia and flights are an absolute killer , price wise . 
  if only this were funded ten years ago ... 
  anyone know if they decided to go with the long detour through vilnius in the end , or straight through kaunas ? 
  not sure the economics of that work out , particularly with the ferry and shipping already existent between the two . 
  he could 've written ' i bet it 's black people ' and it 'd be functionally no different . 
  it 's not for their views that i advocated banning . 
  it 's on blaming immigration/muslims/what have you with no information to support that , and shitposting ` cultural enrichment , amirite ? ', 
  and ` dae religion of peace ? ', 
  the comment added nothing , it was simply a way to shit on immigrants . 
  it was n't a viewpoint , it was n't an opinion , it was just ' i hate these kinds of people ' . 
  you do n't want to wish for this , just wait until your inundated by stag parties . 
  ca n't follow the context of a conversation very well , can you ? 
  that 's not what i argued . 
  nice try though , the victim complex you guys have is absolutely fascinating . 
  very far from what i 've said , but it does n't look like you need an excuse to start complaining about the subject . 
  multinational is one of those scary sounding buzzwords , like lobbyist and banker and corporation . 
  i wrote that comment on my phone , so yes . 
  you deserved it . 
  it 's no better than baiting , does n't contribute anything to the discussion , and promotes stereotypes and generalizations . 
  i did n't mention islam . 
  yes . 
  i never see you post such comments about buddhism , hinduism , sikhism , christianity , etc , so i 'm very skeptical of that . 
  he 's just an idiot racist , he does n't operate on data but instead feelings . 
  glad to see you 've shown your bigoted side once more , as if there was need for more confirmation . 
  found the bigot . 
  yeah , you can always tell which blogs are bad when they refer to themselves as things like ` realist ' , ` moderate ' , ` nuanced ' , etc. 
  anything that implies that they have the truth . 
  it 's monbiot , what do you expect ? 
  he 's the left wings nigel farage only without the charisma or influence . 
  both have long been cretins . 
  because the overwhelming majority of people here do n't understand what 's going on , they just regurgitate the first thing that fits their bias . 
  that 's a truly great read , thanks . 
  you have the entirety of the internet at your fingertips , and you really could n't be bothered spending 5 seconds checking his name ? 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  i 've got ta say , i love the contrast between the joking and banter in the top comments , and the angry bitter people at the bottom . 
  there 's just no middle ground here ... kinda like in the greek negotiations . 
  as i said , that 's an explanation i heard , not something i 'm stating definitively , authoritatively , or in the majority of cases occurs . 
  and again , if that 's the best chance they have , why would n't they take it ? 
  no , they are in immediate danger , there 's just nothing they can realistically do to get out of it . 
  as i said - they often ca n't afford to send more than one person . 
  those that are unhappy about this do n't know their history very well . 
  poles were accepted as refugees all over the world , and especially in the middle east . 
  now they can return the favor , they refuse because of scary looking darker people with their funny religion . 
  an explanation that i 've heard is that generally only one person from a family can afford to pay , so they send the most likely to survive/succeed and when they get refugee status they can request to have the rest of their family brought over . 
  if i were to guess , i 'd say they were being down voted for incorrect or editorialized titles . 
  what i mean is that no one says ( well , except for maybe the scots ) `` hey , we should n't even have the uk parliament '' , but that 's a common sentiment when it comes to the eu in general . 
  i 'm not talking about the government , i 'm talking about the institutions themselves . 
  right , but that mostly happened * after they 'd finished negotiating and the text was public * . 
  of course , when the agreement is public and we can see that it 's bad , instead of just speculating , we should campaign against it . 
  but to campaign against it without knowing what 's in it is madness . 
  this is one of the main reasons i think we should be considerably more trustful of the ep in general , but especially on the matter of ttip . 
  the ep shot down acta . 
  they shot down this . 
  there 's every reason to think it will shoot down ttip as well if it 's bad . 
  the eu craves the legitimacy of the people . 
  national parliaments have the unquestioning legitimacy of the overwhelming majority of that nations people , but for the eu this is something that has to be carefully husbanded , conserved , and earned . 
  the member state governments have overwhelming control of the eu thanks to the council of ministers and the european council , and whilst politicians will always be politicians , the fact that the eu needs this to be popular amongst the public is why i think they wo n't sell us down the river . 
  of course , the final agreement will be public for more than a year after it 's made which will be plenty of time for scrutiny , and the european parliament shot down this and acta thanks to public pressure ( something the eu negotiating team is very mindful of ) , so there 's still hope even if it does turn out to be rotten . 
  but that the ep shot down this acta is merely another indicator that there 's no reason to distrust the eu - because the negotiating team is already wary of what will be acceptable to the ep , to national parliaments , and to the people in general - and they will negotiate with what 's politically possible to pass in mind . 
  then i 'd suggest you read [ this post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/truereddit/comments/2srn0u/trade_secrets_why_will_no_one_answer_the_obvious/cnsffwo ) on the matter which goes into substantially more detail , and cites primary sources . 
  i explained why the ethyl case was perfectly valid , and a case of regulatory abuse by the canadian government .
