  trade will find a way . 
  it does not have to be this way . 
  what 's the harm in seeing what the finalized draft of the treaty is , and then deciding * in full knowledge of all the facts * whether we want it or not ? 
  i think you 're having some trouble separating the negotiation part , from the ratification part . 
   ttip is not just about negotiating some trade , it involves trading away democratic power to set environment standards and other laws that might curb someone 's profits you know estonia has had an isds agreement in place with the us for more than 20 years already , right ? 
  yeah , certainly did n't mean to imply its a problem unique to ireland . 
  the poles had korwin-mikke after all . 
   mind you , he is currently being heavily out-farced by one of our national parliamentarians ( from a particular rural constituency ) with a speech on climate change . 
  got a link ? 
  then you have n't read the leaks , or you 'd know it 's far from decided . 
  you do n't even have to read all of them , jsut read the state of play one . 
  it 'll be public for more than a year before there 's a vote to ratify . 
  edit : present facts , get downvoted . 
  copy pasting old comment actually , all international negotiations are conducted in secret , and for very good reason . 
  the core of why can best be described by robert putnam 's two level game theory . 
  2lg is pretty much the authoritative theory on success in international negotiation . 
  as you can see from a quick google scholar search , the theory has been cited in academic works [ over six thousand times ] ( http://scholar.google.pl/scholar?q=diplomacy+and+domestic+politics%3a+the+logic+of+two-level+games&amp;amp;btng=&amp;amp;hl=en&amp;amp;as_sdt=0%2c5 ) , so it 's not some crack-pot minor theory no one has ever heard of . 
  for those that are curious , there 's a link to it [ here ] ( http://portal.uam.es/portal/page/portal/uam_organizativo/departamentos/cienciapoliticarelacionesinternacionales/personal/fernando_rodrigo/pagina_personal_fernando_rodrigo/teoria_relaciones_inter/textos/putnam-%20the%20logic%20of%20two-level%20games.pdf ) if you 'd like to give it a more thorough browse . 
  it will provide a much more and precise explanation than the one that i hope to give , and it 's only thirty pages so it 's not very long . 
  i very much recommend all of you read it . 
  what 2lg essentially stipulates is that there are two levels of playing field in international negotiation ; the domestic , and the international . 
  in the domestic playing field , groups are formed to apply pressure on the government to adopt favourable policies ( these groups may be anything , from companies and ngos , to public or party opinion - the important thing is not to just consider them to be organized , clearly delineated groups ) , whilst politicians seek to get the power to push the agreement through by building consensus amongst the groups . 
  the international playing field , however , is where the national governments want to alleviate their domestic constituents concerns , whilst at the same time ensuring that the development of the policies of other parties in the negotiation does not adversely affect their constituencies and power bases . 
  one of the clearest ways to represent this is through ` win-sets ' . 
  a win-set is the full spectrum of acceptable outcomes to the party in question . 
  thus , in a two level game , the possible win-set for the international negotiation is in large part dependant on the range of acceptable outcomes in the level 2 negotiation ; that is , the larger each of the negotiating parties level 2 win-set is , the more likely they 'll overlap with the other parties in a place where both sides are satisfied with an agreement . 
  perhaps the best way for you guys to visualize it is through a [ venn diagram ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/6d/venn_a_intersect_b.svg/1280px-venn_a_intersect_b.svg.png ) , except imagine that there are 12 actors and they all have to overlap in one spot for the tpp , or * 30 * actors for ttip . 
  now , the reason the negotiations are conducted in secret is to keep each of these venn diagram bubble countries as large as possible . 
  each time one of their possible negotiating is constrained , they get smaller , and thus less likely to overlap with all of the 11 other actors potentially leading to deadlock or abandonment of the agreement . 
  this can be especially troubling if the negotiations were done in public , with every individual , every company , every lobbyist , knowing at each stage what is being discussed and what has been provisionally agreed to . 
  thus , for negotiations to be successful win-sets need to be maximized , which means minimizing the influence of vested interests during the negotiation process . 
  imagine the following scenario . 
  the party governing a country gets a lot of its funding from a certain demographic , say dairy farmers . 
  dairy farmers have access to the text ( under this public text proposal of the greens ) , and see there 's something they do n't like there . 
  maybe dairy tariffs will be lowered . 
  maybe their export subsidies will be cancelled . 
  maybe they 'll lose protected designation of origin status . 
  whatever , they do n't like it . 
  so the dairy union lobby launches a massive advertising campaign trying to scare the shit out of joe public about the new treaty , whilst simultaneously threatening the ruling party about how they 're going to fund the opposition if this goes through . 
  so , ruling party of course says that that clause can no longer be part of the treaty . 
  except imagine this multiplied amongst every industry sector of every country negotiating . 
  it 'd be an absolute clusterfuck , twelve countries all drawing red-lines over certain issues would lead to a treaty with absolutely zero teeth , and everyone would wonder what the fuss was about because it would really amount to nothing . 
  and i 'd also like to preempt the comments of `` but the corporations are already heavily involved '' . 
  those are n't corporations that are hammering out the deals . 
  what actually happens it that a number of different industry specialists are part of consultative groups ( for example one on agriculture , one on chemicals , one on pharmaceuticals ) , as are consumer rights groups , environmental groups , and others . 
  there 's nothing clandestine or shady about it , but if you 're coming up with a deal that 's going to change tens of billions of dollars in trade , then you definitely want to get a sense of how it would effect various stakeholders , and those stakeholders give input on those elements of a treaty . 
  joe citizen generally does n't have the knowledge , nor the expertise , nor the specialization , to be able to have a meaningful input into how a given provision would affect environmental standards , or consumer standards , or the steel industry , or the chemical industry . 
  but just as representatives of key sectors are given some access , so too are environmental groups ( under the tepac ) , labour groups ( under the lac ) , consumer groups , etc. 
  they 're all under strict ndas and security clearances . 
  if they talk to people about it , they 're going to prison for a long time , as well as paying a huge fine . 
  it makes sense to have representatives of those most affected taking part . 
  it 's also worth keeping in mind that negotiators negotiate with * what is politically possible to pass in mind * . 
  the job of negotiators is n't just to come up with an agreement , but an agreement that should be politically passable by all the negotiating members . 
  this means that the us has to be sensitive of both what is possible in the us , but also in the eu and vice-versa . 
  acta was shot down by the european parliament thanks to public opposition , do you think they would n't also shoot down ttip if they felt the same ? 
  and congress on it 's own is a whole other ball-park of trying to get things through . 
  arguments against secrecy in international negotiations come from ignorance and nowhere else . 
  there is certainly scope for more transparency in some areas - for example the eu has released the negotiating mandate , idealized forms of final chapters , etc which the us has n't done . 
  but expecting to see the state of the negotiations at every step is simply ridiculous . 
  yeah , because they did n't have a permit , not because they were displaying ttip documents . 
  it 's pretty stupid . 
  of course you ca n't copy the agreement line for line when you go in there , otherwise there 'd be no point to the secrecy . 
  yet he acts surprised that this is the case . 
  sad that this is the kind of buffoon the irish have elected to represent them . 
  i think the issue with this viuewpoint is that there 's a lack of a counterfactual . 
  let 's say there was no immigration from former colonies , from mena . 
  that the refugee convention was ignored , that past historical injustices against the colonies were simply brushed off as being in the past , let alone what the economic , social , and political situation would 've been like otherwise . 
  would this really lead to a ` better ' france , or could it lead instead to increased far left and far right factionalism and political debate ? 
  what about the matter of societal values ? 
  it 's easy to say the situation now is terrible if one gives it a shallow glance , but i do n't think it paints anywhere near the full picture . 
   so you 're telling me that the representative of the company does not talk to the ceo . 
  i find that extremely unlikely . 
  then you 're saying that you do n't believe that the strict confidentiality clauses , nda , and whatever government secrets acts that the representative is bound by are worth anything ? 
   you seem to have an interest . 
  in the tpp deal did you know more than the few ceos of the major industries ? 
  i doubt that very much . 
  honestly , yeah . 
  i did . 
  most ceos are too busy , you know , running a bloody big company to be following the intimate details of a trade agreement . 
  i actually was able to put in thousands of hours into studying them , if a ceo were to do that they 'd likely quickly find themselves out of the job because they 'd be neglecting their actual responsibilities . 
   seems to me that a major issue is asymmetry of information and power . 
  you said it yourself , it 's sufficient for the dairy industry to find out and create havoc . 
  it is sufficient for a few key players in major industries ( since all major industries are dominated by a few key players ) to be in the know and that 's it . 
  the domestic player gets shafted . 
  ( of course it 's a slight exaggeration , but the domestic player would get a worse deal ) . 
  the thing is , it 's not * companies * that are their advising . 
  it 's a representative of the company who has been called to share their expertise , and who * is n't * allowed to relay what 's going on back to the rest of the company . 
   in a deal regarding financial services , do you mean to tell me that the heads of gs and jpm do not know what the details are ? 
  that they discover everything at the same time as everyone else ? 
  i imagine they know more than the average joe , but almost anyone that actually takes an interest knows more than the average joe . 
  well this is an area that i ca n't help but agree , 
  the issue with varoufakis was n't game theory , it 's that he thought they should be discussing economics when in fact they were discussing politics . 
  he was essentially trying to play checkers when the game was chess . 
  he completely misunderstood the interests of the other parties . 
   ** these negotiations can not take place in secret . 
  ** ca n't help but disagree . 
  written about it in the past ( why international negotiations have to be secret ) , will copy paste below - keep in mind this was written during ttip/tpp times ; actually , all international negotiations are conducted in secret , and for very good reason . 
  the core of why can best be described by robert putnam 's two level game theory . 
  2lg is pretty much the authoritative theory on success in international negotiation . 
  as you can see from a quick google scholar search , the theory has been cited in academic works [ over six thousand times ] ( http://scholar.google.pl/scholar?q=diplomacy+and+domestic+politics%3a+the+logic+of+two-level+games&amp;btng=&amp;hl=en&amp;as_sdt=0%2c5 ) , so it 's not some crack-pot minor theory no one has ever heard of .
