  but the fact remains that the us as a whole was in favor . 
  and what i said is n't a misread . 
  it was a republican controlled congress trying to extract concessions out of a democrat president , like they always do . 
  how do you feel qualified to comment here ? 
  you did n't even know the text of the agreement was released two years ago . 
  and you 've come to this conclusion ... how ? 
  no , it was with respect to the singapore treaty , however the two treaties are functionally so similar that it 's presumed that a ruling on one will affect the other . 
  i have n't actually been following trade issues for a while now , so i 'm surprised the decision is already out and would like to thank you for bringing it to my attention . 
  the way the law stands at the moment , with respect to it 's interpretation , the eu has exclusive competence to sign the treaty . 
  there 's a court case underway however , to define the scope of that more precisely as the member states do n't entirely agree with that interpretation , and so the european commission decided to make the signing of the agreement was a mixed competence rather than awaiting a ruling from the ecj and delaying the signing and ratification of ceta . 
  yes , it was for provisional application . 
  only the eu signs a mixed treaty , but enabling legislation for provisional application is required to be enacted by each member state and this was where the hold up was . 
  however , not all treaties require enabling legislation but i 'm having trouble envisioning a mixed competence agreement that does n't require enabling legislation . 
  ttip has n't been negotiated for a decade , and we were discussing the tpp above . 
  regardless , the overwhelming majority in most countries were supportive of the trade deals ( the only exceptions were austria and germany for ttip that i could remember in europe , and that was right after the spying scandal ) . 
  it 's only on echochambers like reddit that you could think the public were against . 
  right , but now our dairy producers will be able to export more dairy to canada - meaning more jobs and more money for european producers . 
  agriculture makes up less than 2 % of eu gdp anyway , so i do n't know why you 're bringing that up . 
  i also do n't know what you mean by ` access to our subsidized market ' . 
  you mean they can sell their shit here now ? 
  great , now we get cheaper maple syrup , while we get to sell our shit there meaning they get access to cheaper goods as well ( comparative advantage and all that ) . 
   i did study economy in high school , which goes to about the level of first year of any economics university and trust me an intro is not enough to know about trade deals and it definitely does n't contain any info about this stuff but nice try being cheeky , suits you well . 
  lol . 
  right , almost two years . 
  and all trade deals are negotiated in secret , and for very good reason . 
  the only thing that killed it domestically was captain dumbarse president trump . 
  what subsidized market ? 
  you mean dairy , which is more heavily subsidized in canada than in europe ? 
  do you mean goods and services , which are n't really subsidized to any significant degree in either bloc ? 
  please , read any intro to economics text book . 
  just , do the basic reading before jumping into such a topic . 
  the tpp has been public for years now as well . 
  ok , well in that case you actually understand completely . 
  most of the time provisional application comes up , it 's in relation to isds . 
  the eff were literally invited to consult on the tpp negotiations , rejected the invitation , and then complained that only corporations were at the table . 
  if that 's not idiocy , i do n't know what is . 
  they had the opportunity to shape the agreement , and pissed it away so that they could be edgy agitators . 
  you know how i found that out , in the ama where i challenged groups like the eff and public citizen . 
  the public citizen person left after thirty minutes , whilst the eff spokesperson went on twitter and started complaining about shills . 
  to make this easier on both of us , why do n't you tell me how you understand it and i 'll try and explain from there . 
  no , most of reddit horribly misunderstands provisional application based on those idiots at wikileaks , tech dirt and the eff . 
  it 's not semantics . 
  and you 're discussing practical applications of very well understood processes . 
  it has been signed , it just has n't been ratified . 
  but you 're free to read through the provisions yourself , the text of the agreement has been public for years now . 
  swell . 
  it is . 
  does n't stop a bunch of misguided fools agitating against it . 
  no , the eu has been phasing in a ban over the last few years . 
  almost impossible to enforce on the seas though . 
  see further down the comment chain with respect to catch and discard . 
  she allowed a vote of conscience . 
  that 's basically saying ` it will pass ' . 
  it does n't really matter if she votes against it , she brought about a situation in which it happened . 
  glad we came to mutual understanding !, 
  catch and discard is an endemic problem that the eu still struggles to find a solution to , despite them banning it ( still in process ) for a wide variety of species . 
  tragedy of the commons . 
  it is well know that almost all fishermen ignore the rules . 
   the majority voted actually for it 37.5 % of the eligible voting population . 
   hey a distinction without a difference . 
  no it 's not . 
   it was about protecting us intellectual property in asia . 
  no it was n't . 
  you clearly have n't thought through the practical applications here . 
  i want you to give me something substantive before i bother tearing it down . 
  you criticized it for being a misnomer , but you were n't understanding the point . 
  think of it as a verb and not a noun . 
  and you also said that the tpp was largely about copyright - that 's also bullshit . 
  almost everything that you 've written is complete bullshit . 
   yeah i 'm aware . 
  after all , tpp was largely about getting asian countries to accept america 's patent system you 've been listening to some bizarre conspiracy theories , my friend . 
   free trade is a misnomer , because it does not mean there is no discrimination happening . 
  stop thinking about it as `` trade is now free '' and think of it instead as `` trade is now free-er '' . 
   i do share your sentiment of mistrust . 
  ttip was a bad deal , and many ftas seem to include provisions that make regulation of companies much more difficult . 
  i would expect euroskepic parties like the greens to make more of a fuss about this if it 's really bad , though . 
  how was it a bad deal ? 
  point to the specifics please . 
   the tpp would have outsourced more tech jobs and ruined the job markets in the remaining democratic strongholds . 
  no it would n't have , do n't be ridiculous . 
  do you not believe in the concept of police culture ? 
  as someone that has lived in poland , as well as three other countries , i know that most poles do n't know how much better they could have it . 
  polish people do n't know better . 
  most have n't lived their lives in a country with a proper police culture like australia , sweden , france , or the u.k. not sure i 'd trust the polish police website either . 
  sorry , sociologists are n't that interested in studying polish police culture . 
  i know the polish ` police ' . 
  they 're barely more than thugs and do n't have a western police culture . 
  since when did polish people start trusting the police in poland ? 
  everyone knows they 're lying pieces of shit . 
  a lot of russian gas contracts contain no resale clauses . 
  the problem with russia is that people are n't happy with the current situation , but they do n't like activism and protesters . 
  it 's well known that they stole gas , but it was only stolen because of shenannigans russia pulled with pricing ( particularly around election time ) and with how the gas was going to be provided ( ie ; which corrupt country would be responsible ), 
  poland currently pays substantially higher rates for gas than germany does . 
  this is likely to get even worse once ns2 happens . 
  so you have no proof , but you 're sure it happens . 
  let 's end the discussion here . 
  no you did n't , you did n't show shit . 
  you claim they 're bad , * show me some concrete examples * . 
  you made the claim , back it up . 
  you ca n't back up anything you write .
