  besides i have n't heard any convincing argument that arbitrational courts are any less partial . 
  where have you seen that they * are * partial ? 
  and you think a country like * hungary * for example , has strong enough rule of law not to discriminate against foreigners for political points ? 
  or poland ? 
  average isds case costs 8 million dollars , which is a rounding error on the government books . 
  second , companies only win in extreme circumstances - can you point me to any case that a government did n't deserve to lose ? 
   i could point to argentina who had to renationalize water supply because the privatization effort caused the price to hike to the point people were protesting because they could n't afford it , not to mention that the company involved failed to meet its obligations to invest in the infrastructure are you talking about cochabamba ? 
  because that was in bolivia , and there was a settlement where no one paid the other any money . 
  or are you conflating it with [ this case ] ( http://www.italaw.com/documents/suezvivendiawgdecisiononliability.pdf ) in argentina where the companies assets were expropriated without fair compensation , let alone other injustices ( judgement on p. 100 ) . 
  the case is considerably more complex than just being over nationalization . 
  the judgement was fair - argentina breached it 's treaty obligations , and the arbitration found that there were other avenues that should 've been taken before an outright expropriation . 
   then there is canada who currently faces an onslaught because they have second thoughts on shale oil , or the usa where the president has vetoed to people having their land taken away through eminent domain to build a pipeline through farmland . 
  ongoing cases . 
  i said successful cases . 
   oh , and while i am at it . 
  russia implements only about 50 % of arbitration rulings done by that arbitrational court in hamburg , germany . 
  yet people still want to invest there and trade there ( current sanction aside ) . 
   [ professor schreuer had provided the short answer to this in the following terms : `` is the existence of a functioning non-coercive method for the settlement of dispute not enough justification ? 
  i have never heard anyone trying to justify the work of the law of the sea tribunal in terms of additional volume in international shipping . '' ] ( http://kluwerarbitrationblog.com/2015/11/07/on-isds-for-the-record/ ) . 
  by what mechanism do you see that being the case ? 
  how do you see isds in ttip would promote that ? 
  except companies only win in one third of cases , and in those cases they deserve it . 
  can you point me to any case where a company won and they should n't have ? 
  isds has no power to overturn laws , so i 've no idea what you 're talking about . 
  how will lasting damage occur as a result of ttip ? 
  basically all trade agreements have exit clauses . 
  yep , the epi is one of those political think tanks , not real think tanks . 
  i honestly ca n't tell if you 're taking the piss , or serious , so - well played . 
  yeah , i ca n't believe how hard people are coming about the australian solution . 
  they like losing media freedom , breaching human rights , and having children raised in prisons by hired developing world security guards ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  i prefer my country does n't commit human rights abuses , thank you very much . 
  yeah , it 's routinely criticized by the unhcr , journalists are n't allowed to go check it out , what news does get out is of rampant abuse . 
  it 's not good . 
  the issue is the violence employed by both groups , not by the protests themselves . 
  yep , they 're known for letter bombs , knifings , voter intimidation , etc. 
  antifa are just as bad as the problem they 're trying to solve . 
  i did n't say it was just because they used violence , i said it was run roughshod over liberal-democratic ideals . 
  the issue is that antifa attacks anyone they perceive as fascist , even if they 're not fascist . 
  they 're just as dangerous as fascists , because they reject western liberal-democratic norms . 
  both groups are into vigilante violence , intimidation , a lack of respect for both democracy and the rule of law . 
  pegida and antifa are two sides of the same coin . 
  yeeeeaaa , let 's generalize all refugees like that . 
  i 'm a mod from there . 
  despite what you may believe , it 's not some left wing hugbox , and the kind of partisan and generalizing attitude you guys are displaying here is exactly why the sub was created . 
  we want intelligent and thought out discussion , not just broad generalizations about muslims or ` lefties ' or what have you . 
  i want arguments , not just ` cologne muslims hurr durr ' . 
  i ca n't really picture any of our users condoning any kind of vigilantism or online harassment ( and i 've been on record in the past on reddit saying that groups like antifa are scum ) , and i 'd love to see you point to any such comments because i feel incitement to violence or harassment is a very justifiable ban or ... you can not be so judgmental and partisan . 
  you 're pretty firmly and obviously in a certain kind of political camp . 
  try it out . 
  and the inevitable downvotes have begun, 
  subservient , or aligned ? 
  maybe po had the eu 's support because they recognize that they live in a community of nations , whereas pis thinks that poland can live in a bubble . 
  texmex and mexican are related , but not the same, 
  soul food ? 
  there 's a shitload of different cuisines , and you 're basing it off of stuff like fast food ? 
  there are so many different kinds , your personal experience is n't shit . 
  fortunately they 're mostly downvoted , so i would n't take that as representative . 
  pretty amusing , given the eu has already stated its not budging on both hormone meat and gmos with respect to ttip edit : `` carried out by unternehmensgr\u00fcn , an association formed around green economy interests '' that explains why the report is so negative and factually incorrect . 
  waiting for all the facts is somehow a bad thing these days ? 
  i usually have netflix running on the tv while i 'm doing stuff on my pc . 
  i binge watch a lot of shows that way . 
  then the tablet in bed or bathroom as required . 
  also more convenient when there 's guests . 
  i can only assume most people here have n't used netflix . 
  it 's such a damn convenience for those that have a roku or chromecast or tablet . 
  if i just had it in my browser , i probably would n't bother either . 
  it 's the other locations that matter to me . 
  not sure what you 're getting at . 
  germany is known for it 's precision and high tech manufacturing , not for cheap junk . 
  aside from precision and high tech , manufacturing is a poor countries game anyway . 
  the only reason for a country like the uk to still have steel manufacturing is for strategic reasons that do n't really apply in this day and ages anymore . 
  back then , poland was seen as heading in the right direction . 
  now it 's not . 
  women do n't go to prison ? 
  is trp leaking or something ? 
  whut ? 
  no they have n't . 
  economic migrants can be deported once their application is processed . 
  many want to outright restrict genuine refugees , or syrians , from coming here, 
  no it would n't . 
  are you kidding ? 
  these are exactly the kind of circumstances it was envisaged . 
  the tragedy of the ms st louis is probably most symbolic of that, 
  if you read the report i linked , you 'll find the answer to both your questions . 
  the tpp is directly related , because the same criticisms against the ttip proved to be unfounded against the tpp . 
  and yeah , it is absolutely silly to be opposed to something when you do n't know what it contains . 
  yeah , but the hysteria around both ttip and the tpp is completely out of touch with reality . 
  the deal will be public for literally years before a vote to ratify , so there 's plenty of opportunity to oppose it there and then notice how quiet reddit is about the tpp since it was released at the beginning of november ? 
  hard to justify the hysteria and outright fearmongering when people ask you to please point out that section in the text . 
  even the abc in australia , / r/australia 's favorite news source has come out for that agreement , greatly confusing a number of ardent anti-tpp supporters who found it hard to justify their crusade . 
  most likely the same will happen with the ttip, 
  i 'm from australia , and i 'm the same - hence the move . 
  yeah , seems to be as ridiculous as the ` anchor baby ' debate in the us . 
  not sure how that 's a ` tool of western diplomacy ' , as opposed to ` responding to a lawful court order in their largest market ', 
  [ link to actual report ] ( http://www.ers.usda.gov/media/1937478/err198.pdf ) . 
   while the united states realizes a relative increase in agricultural exports , the eu benefits from lower import prices and larger macroeconomic gains than the united states . 
  the estimated annual increase in u.s.-eu agricultural trade ranges from $ 6.3 billion to $ 11.6 billion when compared with the 2011 base year seems pretty at odds with what the pes mep has to say . 
  it 's not an either/or . 
  [ former australian pm ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bveahcymesq ) .
