  or do you think they 're fighting off a police charge ? 
  the government launched a violent crackdown of euromaidan . 
  the protesters are defending themselves . 
  people go nuts in such situations . 
  it 's fucking moronic of your side to say that tanks should come because protesters are defending themselves from violent thugs parading as police officers of a deligitimized government . 
  swiss vote about restricting immigration from the eu . 
  i remember watching some streams from cairo from al jazeera . 
  christ almighty . 
  the eu did n't guarantee that , it was swiss politicians . 
  do n't put this on the eu . 
  i do n't think i 've seen you post a single comment of any substance in this subreddit . 
  wait , you do n't think the swiss people are represented by the swiss government ? 
  where else have i seen that lately ... 
  because it 's only just started moving up the front page of / r/europe , and it 's late on sunday night , a time when people do n't typically reddit as much . 
  complaining that there 's not an uproar , before there 's been time for one to start , is what is petty . 
  c'mon mate , you 're better than that . 
  the article is up late on a sunday night , it 's barely had time for a response . 
  saying that is just petty . 
  i do n't really see why they 're putting this on the eu . 
  it 's not exactly an eu competency . 
  but ... but ... but ... muh free speech !!!, 
  that , at least , is true . 
  there are 28 members . 
  the two are not mutually exclusive . 
  i agree that is should be put to a referendum . 
  i just worry that decades of political and media culture that 's clearly anti-eu will have irrevocably poisoned the voted against the eu , despite it being ( according to these reports ) objectively beneficial for the uk . 
  yep . 
  i know a couple that stayed in poland after they were done , including a few that returned after their erasmus was over . 
  most of the us ' agricultural subsidization is decoupled from production as well . 
  as with the cap , the us spends a great deal on direct payments equivalent to the eu 's single payment scheme . 
  direct agricultural subsidies does n't mean that it 's linked to production . 
  one of the commenters is called ` stoic misanthrope ' . 
  neck beard material if i ever saw it . 
  how ? 
  violate the territorial waters of the countries you 're sending them back to ? 
  yep . 
  international negotiations of this sort are * always * done in secret . 
  if it 's done in public , too many vested interests can completely derail it and make agreement impossible . 
  i do n't think it 's misleading . 
  the entire coal industry causes thousands of deaths a year . 
  nuclear does n't even approach that . 
  the german green party , through the egp ( which it dominates ) , certainly does try and stop other countries taking on nuclear . 
  they even oppose iter , a prototype fusion reactor , on grounds that we should just stick with wind and solar . 
  i would 've removed a post that just says `` bs '' as well , because it contributes absolutely nothing . 
   i fail to see how hiding the votes will remove racist posts ? 
  you were claiming freedom of speech . 
  moderators already remove racist posts , violating any notion that there is a freedom of speech here . 
   or we can answer truthfully , and bit by bit , post by post , change a mentality that persisted for way too long . 
  sorry , i 've been around people too long to think that that will make a lick of difference . 
  well , i disagree with your premise that this sub needs free speech . 
  i do n't see why we should allow racists to spout their filth here in the name of the lofty ideal of ` free speech ' on a website that does n't guarantee it , and i think hiding the downvotes * for 90 minutes * could be good for discussion . 
  the outcomes matter in this case . 
  because this is reddit , the concept of ` freedom of speech ' does n't apply here , so your complaints about shadow bans and punishment are simply invalid . 
  there is no presumption of freedom of speech on reddit . 
  regardless , the votes are only hidden for 90 minutes , and we have a stellar mod team that are n't likely to go on an srs-style banning spree . 
  calls of violating ` freedom of speech ' on reddit always seem so childish and retarded to me . 
  comments are amusing , half the people saying ` no censorship , censorship is bad ! ', 
  the other saying ` ban the racists ' . 
  yep , and at least with turkey around 20 % of turkey 's population lives geographically in european turkey . 
  the question did n't specify ` do you want turkey in the eu * now * ' , just about whether turkey should join . 
  i do n't think they 'll be ready for at least 30 years , but i see the potential for them joining in the future . 
  it worked , kinda , in poland . 
  it did n't work in russia . 
  but but but ... big corporations control the eu !, 
  lobbying !, 
  there 's nothing to indicate a bubble here . 
  incidentally , are you aware your username means ` three ' in finnish ? 
  i was informed recently that the minister for the economy of estonia called lithuanian politicians jerks because they wanted the rail to go through vilnius , instead of the direct route through kaunas . 
  ambassadors being recalled and a diplomatic scandal ensued , no ? 
  hey estonians and lithuanians , hurry up !, 
  i 've been hearing about some flare up over rail baltica and want to hear the opposing sides !, 
  in an environment isolated from societal gender expectations . 
  and good . 
  oh , flakwolf , you previously banned muppet . 
  you 've decided to come out of the woodwork and make moronic statements again . 
  how cute . 
  actually , melbourne is the business and finance capital of australia . 
  sydney is just the tourist capital . 
  funny , another 0 comment , 0 submission account posting an anti-islam article to / r/europe . 
  edit : and two downvotes within a minute . 
  no one has a vested interest in this article at all , no . 
  i was n't complaining about the top five list , i was complaining about their choice for selecting sydney over the more expensive to live in city in australia , or the capital . 
  choosing sydney just seemed arbitrary . 
  everyone not from sydney hates sydney . 
  i am so goddamn sceptical of this report . 
  only sydney was counted from australia , despite not being the most expensive to live in in the country ( that would be perth , with over 1.5 million inhabitants , which is more than many other cities on that list ) , and not the capital . 
   there 's no `` gypsy conspiracy '' to take over the name of the romanians . 
  oh come on !, 
  everyone knows that gypsies control the shadow government and the banking system !, 
  this has been bugging me for ages . 
  are you polish and from poznan ? 
  or is it just some crazy name coincidence ? 
  i really have to disagree with you there . 
  cameron , for one , does n't want the uk to leave the eu . 
  he 'll delay leaving for as long as he can . 
  maybe to the point where he loses the upcoming elections and the new government also decides to dick around , or have a new ` discussion ' about the eu . 
  but regardless , there 's far from a guarantee that the exit will happen quickly ( should the uk vote for ` out ' , then there will need to be discussions about british citizens in the eu , and eu citizens in the uk , and so forth ) and so i do n't expect a quick trigger of art . 
   the outcome would not be legally binding . 
  but , in practical terms , it would be politically binding . 
  no government would be able to ignore the outcome of a referendum .
