  that 's why baltic ss divisions never had to go through nuremberg ( except as guards ) . 
  did n't you used to have german flair ? 
  under no definition is finland part of scandinavia . 
  take it easy , that 's the one !, 
  that was a response to some eurovision performance was n't it ? 
  one of my pet theories is that english is easy to learn not because of any inherent easiness in the language , but rather because so much more money and effort has been spent on teaching methods for it . 
  your pride does n't mean dick to me . 
  the fact that you ca n't see the problems with your stance that i 've outlined ( you already have immigrants , and you need to be more inclusive as a society if you do n't want them to become a permanent underclass and continue all the problems you currently have in denmark ) is what 's annoying me . 
  you do n't have any solutions for that , you just continue with some kind of semi-nationalistic bullshit that does n't mean anything . 
  and what you said about faith is completely wrong as well . 
  choose right now to not believe that the sun exists . 
  you ca n't do it can you ? 
  well religious people have the same strength of conviction about their beliefs . 
  you ca n't choose what you believe , but you can be persuaded to believe something else - hence the rules against apostasy . 
  as to your profound belief that you do n't have an obligation to change to accommodate the wishes of outsiders - mate , i never said you had to adopt any kind of islamic fundamentals as part of that . 
  but you have similar problems as a society to what the swedes have were natives are favoured over ` non-danish-danes ' in general , and a political culture that is happy to continue to insult and denigrate a significant minority population for the sake of cheap political points . 
  i 'm saying be conscious , and work on that , not institute sharia in the middle of cph . 
  and it 's not an obligation . 
  it 's a responsibility that your society took on when your government chose to let outsiders in . 
  it 's not right to let a bunch of people move into your country , and then give them worse opportunities and treatment just based on their surname and skin colour . 
  but you said you were done with this , so fine . 
  is that the case ? 
  i have dual nationality and live in a third country , i was always confused about which one to use but figured that since australian culture dominated my upbringing , i 'm culturally more australian than anything else . 
  dude , again you 're conflating government being inclusive as opposed to society being inclusive . 
  you also say the independent variable is country of origin , whereas i 'd say that 's a confounding variable - the actual independent variable is the inclusiveness of the host culture . 
  canada , australia , and new zealand seem to have much better integrated muslim communities . 
  even the uk does . 
  perhaps it 's that danish , swedish , and norwegian cultures are so similar that 's the problem then ? 
  after all , the problems are n't cropping up in the those countries , and they have large muslim populations . 
  so what 's different between those anglosphere countries , and the scandinavian countries ? 
  as i said before , those countries tend to be warmer to strangers , especially those of another culture or skin colour . 
  as to the ` muslim is n't a race ' thing , let me remind you that just as you ca n't choose whether to be gay or straight , you ca n't choose what you do or do n't believe in . 
  if that 's what you think , perhaps you should stick to danish . 
  the question was which culture is the hardest to assimilate to . 
  if you take it in the context of the question , it 's perfectly correct . 
  no i did n't , i said they were amongst the least hostile . 
  sorry , where did i engage in name-calling ? 
  anyway , let me try and explain why i think my position is ` right ' and yours is ` wrong ' . 
  you have 400,000 immigrants from ` non-western ' backgrounds . 
  short of deporting the lot of them , the only way to prevent there being a ` non-danish-danish ' underclass is to include them in this societal trust we were talking about before . 
  otherwise , a good portion of them , their children , their childrens children , etc , will always remain outside mainstream danish culture . 
  discriminated against minority groups ( whether officially through the government , or unofficially through societal prejudices ) have strong tendencies to turn towards crime - drugs , prostitution , crime syndicates , and will constantly fight against the state . 
  you 'll end up with a situation like that in america with black people , who are essentially an underclass and that are discriminated against on a societal basis , thus creating a wildly disproportionate amount of the crime in the country . 
  it 's pretty much impossible to detatch an immigration focused on issues such as their tendencies to commit crime , their tendencies to not integrate , et cetera , from how present minorities act in society . 
  the continuation of such just serves to make them continue to feel as though they 're second class citizens , continuing the cycle . 
  this is why i said the immigration debate is unhelpful . 
  unless you 're letting in multiple percent on your population into the country each year , a rich country like denmark should n't feel any undue strain on its functioning . 
  so we 've got the fact that immigrants are already in denmark ( hundreds of thousands of them even ) , that many of them feel disconnected from danish society , and they perceive themselves to be themselves targeted by the immigration debate . 
  what practical solutions are there ? 
  the only one i can think of is that denmark changes as a society to a more open and accepting one . 
  but perhaps i 'm wrong and you 're right , perhaps all these people will just start being good danish citizens and stop committing crimes everywhere , eh ? 
  how does australia treat refugees poorly ? 
  the un policy you 're talking about deals with the resettlement of refugees ( eg : ones that go to jordan from syria and are looking for a new host ) . 
  [ australia ranks second per capita ( after canada ) and third in total numbers ] ( http://www.factsfightback.org.au/does-australia-take-the-most-refugees-check-the-facts/ ) . 
  i can only assume you 're talking about the australian ` boat-people ' topic , which involves australia trying to deter people smugglers that get hundreds of people killed in the journey ever year , including about [ 30 children that died in one of here voyages three days ago ] ( http://www.smh.com.au/federal-politics/political-news/death-and-diplomacy-uneasy-bedfellows-as-tony-abbott-strives-for-accord-with-jakarta-20130929-2umgq.html ) . 
  secondly , every one of them that arrives through that way eats at the number of people that can arrive from refugees camps around the world , such as the breidjing camp in chad that has 500,000 people in it , or the dadaab camp in kenya that has more than 400,000 people there , sometimes for more than a decade . 
  in the media , those that arrive by boat are sometimes referred to as ` queue jumpers ' because of this . 
  incidentally , these are the people you 're proposing that the danes should spend hundreds of billions of dkk helping ( unless you 're not suggesting sending them more than well-wishes ? ), 
  rather than the [ 300 or so refugees denmark is oblige to take under the un ] ( http://www.iom.int/cms/en/sites/iom/home/what-we-do/resettlement-assistance/assisting-quota-refugees-for-resettlemen.html ) ? 
  the reason i cast my derision at the whole disengagement with the immigrant critics is because they generally have no fuckin idea what they 're talking about . 
  i followed the politics in sweden . 
  i checked out some of the policies of sd . 
  they 're a pack of racists and thugs dressed in suits and try to cover up by claiming to ` only want to start a debate about immigration ' , when really they 're just scaring up the fears of the impressionable that ` them evil foreigners ' are a burden , just do crime , rape everyone and are uncivilised . 
  they just help to keep that distrust and barriers to integration within society up , and it 's a losing case because guess what ? 
  immigrants are already in your country and you 're making it worse by acting this way , by putting in societal barriers to [ finding a job ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/46022/20130205/ ) . 
  ( apologies , i used to have a better article that was based off a study and a much larger sample size ) but whatever , keep shooting your own country in the foot with your immigration views . 
  note i 'm not suggesting unrestricted immigration , there have to be limits based on what a population can support , just to treat the ones already in your country much better . 
  6 months ? 
  mate , you 're dreaming . 
  the swedish and danish governments are supposed to represent the will of the constituents . 
  if they chose to have immigration , and the constituencies have n't chosen to elect a government that would repeal whatever immigration policies they have in place , then yes - i would say that danish and swedish society has a responsibility to those that move to sweden or denmark to became part of those societies . 
  sure , but british culture is far more welcoming to immigrants , particularly non-white than , say , polish . 
  not least because polish was a nearly impossible language to learn , holy shit . 
  man , i had a great reply typed up but my ipad ate it . 
  i 'll give it another go . 
  i know swedish quite well , so i would be able to understand i assume but that 's besides the point because i 've seen hem before . 
  it i think the most salient point you raised was that about trust , and i think the problem scandinavian societies have with immigration is more that this societal ` trust ' was n't extended to immigrants in the same way as those of civic ( as opposed to ethnic ) societies like australia , canada , new zealand , etc. 
  a common phrase one heard in australia amongst the lower socioeconomic demographic is ` well they just do n't bloody try and integrate ' , usually parroted whenever immigration is brought up . 
  it 's like they , and scandinavian societies , think that interaction happens by osmosis . 
  my mother moves to australia around 40 years ago , knowing very little english . 
  she was almost immediately ` adopted ' by a group of aussies who invited her to barbecues , for beers to the local rsl ( veterans club ) and other activities . 
  they taught her what it meant to be ` australian ' . 
  and this is the kind of story i 've heard from my canadian and american friends as well . 
  this is n't the norm in scandinavian societies , where many people expect integration/assimilation to be handled by the state , as if society at large had no meaningful role to play in the process . 
  so to blame the immigrants , or government policies ( unless your country would prefer to not have immigration ) is unfair . 
  these people moved there ( or were born to parents who did ) and want to take part in the host society . 
  but in a plethora of ways the host society limits their ability to so so . 
  my swedish friends often complained about swedish integration policy , but in comparison to the rest of the world it 's fantastic . 
  sfi is a fucking marvel that should be copied in every country that accepts immigration . 
  the problem is scandinavian societies not giving the muslim immigrants a chance to learn and appreciate the local culture , not the immigration policy itself . 
  any time . 
  the discussion we were having was if australia was more racist than the countries listed above . 
  i 've spent over 20 years in australia and around five in europe , including in those countries . 
  i think i 'm better qualified than most people commenting here to make the comparison . 
  i spent two years in sweden . 
  some of the ridiculous shit that some , otherwise very intelligent and open minded , people said astounded me . 
  he highlight was a girl that 's now working for the foreign ministry who did not consider herself racist , and would be horrified if someone thought that of her said ` i 'd never hire a muslim over a swede , because you just know the swedish person will work better . ', 
  then there was the study done a few months ago that found that applicants with swedish surnames were around twice as likely to get called for an interview than non swedish ones . 
  yeah , i already admitted that the way that australians talk about aborigines in general was a serious problem , and certainly one that should n't be ignored . 
  sorry , i forgot about you guys  belgium and the netherlands , yes .
