  so there needs to be a push back from someone to even the scales so to speak , even if the arguments against fracking are founded in ignorance . 
  caring about the environment is part of their profit margin . 
  do n't get me wrong , if they think they can get away with cutting corners they will . 
  but , at least in australia , we have very good regulation to deal with fracking , so that to this day there have been no incidents caused by the process of fracking . 
  a lot of misinformation . 
  there are these michael moore style documentaries ( meaning lots of misleading bias , omission of facts , etc ) , like gasland that came out at the same time , plus there were a lot of crazy news stories like ` will fracking destroy our water ? 
  ' , and so on . 
  most people who are opposed to fracking on the idea that it will destroy the environment have zero knowledge of the technical processes behind fracking , and are just going off of hysteria . 
  it was a new and trendy thing to be afraid of , so everyone jumped on the bandwagon , ignoring facts and creating a self-perpetuating fear machine . 
  plus oil and gas companies are always the ` big evil companies that dont care about the environment ' , so it was easy to believe . 
  it 's scary how easy it is to sway public opinion if you get in early enough . 
  mate normally i like your posts , but now you 're getting into really stupid territory . 
   i do n't think you really understand what it 's like being poor . 
  they do n't have insulation because they ca n't free up the investment money to buy it for some reason , not because they 're genetically inferior or something . 
  and thus they 're stuck buying expensive heating oil for their ancient heating apparatus in their drafty house . 
  so how are they going to pay for the insulation ? 
  just not pay for heating for an entire winter so they can afford it the next time ? 
  this is my point , the only way the green party could get nationwide insulation is through massive spending . 
   as they will inevitably be , as a matter of last resort . 
  what are you going to do if the private pension funds fail , let those pensioners rot ? 
  they ca n't fail . 
  they 're not set up like that . 
  you simply do n't know enough about the stockmarket or the australian superannuation scheme to understand this . 
   no , you say that . 
  i said it 's better to invest in insulated housing so their heating costs are reduced and the poor do n't even need fuel any more . 
  the same goes for pensions , by the way : people who start out poor wo n't be able to afford better private pension schemes and therefore remain locked in poverty . 
  at least with a minimal government pension everyone has some basic decency in their old age . 
  again , where are you going to get the money for this ? 
  as to the pension schemes , they 're * compulsorily paid into by the employer * . 
  there is no minimum finance limit , you 're still talking about something you simply have no knowledge of . 
  as i said , australia retains a minimum state pension , but this is only for those that have exhausted their superannuation , or were n't alive before superannuation was introduced . 
   do n't remind me of the latest nuclear campaign : `` we have to go all-out for nuclear or the lights will go out !!! '' . 
  yeah , and that 's a ridiculous stance . 
  but that 's not what i argued . 
   science fiction is not science . 
  come back when you have your magic nuclear plant ready , i 'm tired of looking at sky pie . 
  breeders/thorium will take at least twenty years , fusion at least fifty , and that 's being charitable because that 's what they said twenty and fifty years ago too . 
  i already said that there were huge other scientific applications for this beyond fusion power , and that i was n't expecting it to be a magic power saviour . 
  are you purposefully being dense , or what ? 
   pay back loans with the money saved due to heating oil not bought . 
  the only problem is providing credit to these people , since the market does n't do that . 
  they 're going to pay back the loans they used to purchase insulation , with money they would have received back anyway through the heating bills ? 
  i do n't think you really understand economics . 
   they , too , have a three-pronged structure where the obligatory contributions you talk about are the second prong . 
  i fail to see the big differences . 
  on a far , far , smaller scheme than the australian one , which still leaves the majority of their liabilities in the hands of the government . 
  if those pension funds invested in the wrong stocks they would have trouble . 
  it 's far from a crapshoot , and only goes to reinforce what i said before about you not understanding concepts like economics and the stockmarket . 
   it 's not . 
  but their ideological stance should n't be ` it 's justifiable to fuck over the poor because we 're , like , saving the planet , man ! ' . 
  you said that austerity and poverty were n't the fault of the greens , but then said it was fine to fuck over the poor with higher heating fuel costs by limiting the use of fossil fuels . 
   that 's a rather facile slur based on their stance on a single budgetary tradeoff . 
  they never said `` science is evil and therefore iter must be scrapped '' , but instead `` in this limited budgets other projects have a higher priority '' . 
  their fear-driven stance to nuclear is well known . 
  for the greens , the only kind of science that matters is when it 's related to solar or wind . 
   since you were going for the straw man that `` only bicycles will be allowed in the green dictatorship '' , i thought let 's continue in the same style . 
  why did you bring up bikes then ? 
  no one brought up means of transportation , only you . 
  they have n't banned fracking ( it 's a process that 's been used since the 60s ) , they 've had a moratorium on hydraulic fracking . 
  massive pressure from environmental groups is the reason why , though . 
  australia has been using hydraulic fracking for csg for about a decade now , on a massive scale . 
  there have been no problems related specifically to fracking , all the problems coming from fracked wells were problems that happen to conventional oil and gas drilling . 
   if it was up to the greens all houses would be well-insulated so the poor are n't whacked on the head with huge heating bills every winter . 
  since when is poverty the fault of the greens , anyway ? 
  great , i 'd love to see where they 're going to get the money for that . 
  cut health ? 
  increase taxes ? 
  let alone the bubble they 'll create in the insulation business , which we very well experienced in australia despite not affecting even a tenth of our paltry 20 million people . 
   australia , too , has a basic state pension . 
  australia also enjoyed solid economic growth , making the stock markets perform well . 
  how will it cope with an economic slump ? 
  the overwhelming majority of australian pension funds come from superannuation . 
  and as tot he stockmarket ... the asx went from about 6900 in 2007 to 3100 two years later . 
  the stockmarket pretty much halved . 
  you really ought to know what you 're talking about before you speak on the topic . 
   since when is poverty or austerity the fault of the greens ? 
  it 's not . 
  but their ideological stance should n't be ` it 's justifiable to fuck over the poor because we 're , like , saving the planet , man ! ' . 
   obviously it will be , and a fantastic boon to their employability as well . 
  what it wo n't be is a relevant energy source during the next century and certainly not during the next 50 years . 
  it 's always a matter of opportunity cost , and iter sucks up a quarter of the relevant budget . 
  we can fund a whole score of other worthy projects with that money . 
  it does n't matter , i never claimed it would be about environmental causes . 
  all i said was that they were anti-science because they wanted to remove funding for it , something which has massive scientific and engineering applications beyond just fusion power . 
   when a fusion reactor in 2100 can produce energy for us to use in 2016 , let me know . 
  you have to understand that the biggest , shiniest machine that goes ping is n't necessarily the most efficient investment . 
  `` i ca n't address your argument that shot down my stupid point , so i 'm going to bring up a strawman '', 
  the articles you 've read are garbage , sorry to say . 
  the mixture used in fracking is around 99 % + water and sand , whilst the chemicals in the water and things that are used around the home in minuscule quantities ( and end up in gutters and so forth ) . 
   the cheapest and surest fuel is the fuel you do n't need . 
  i 'm sure the poorest of europe will remember that , when they ca n't afford their gas heating bill . 
   capitalization is unreliable . 
  if the market slumps the pensioners are fucked , and who will have to clean up the mess then ? 
  right . 
  blocks of money are n't going to feed our demented ascendants , people will have to do it . 
  it 's been very successful in australia , even through the gfc . 
  and still a darn sight better than what 's happening to pensioners in a number of austerity driven countries , for example . 
   if you 're looking into your crystal ball anyway you might as well give us the plans already so we can see what they 're really worth . 
  until then , there 's no room for sky pie in the limited budget . 
  yes , a crystal ball is the worlds top scientists on the subject saying that this will be a fantastic boon to the development of science and engineering .
