  [ freeport lng in texas ] ( http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/e2433c66-196b-11e3-83b9-00144feab7de.html#axzz2i0nj49ag ) . 
  the article is quite good , details 4 lng plants this year that have or will get approval for export, 
  it still does n't seem accurate though ... 
  i mean , it ignores mexico , and the fact that you ca n't call alaska as anything but being in the northern half . 
  i did a quick google . 
  the only person that uses the acronym is him , here on a reddit a couple of times . 
  no idea what it means though . 
  they do n't need to purchase from them . 
  norway is the largest supplier of gas to europe now , and within a few years there 'll be a massive glut of lng . 
  america is desperately creating lng terminals because many operators are losing money because gas is so cheap there . 
  australia has three 40-billion dollar lng terminals coming online in the next 3 years . 
  they recently had a sizable chunk of their staff cut , no ? 
  has anyone actually tried the windows os on a smartphone yet ? 
  i only ask because i know there are thousands of people on reddit complaining about windows 8 without trying it , yet when i got my hands on it i found it superior to previous iterations and am curious if people just do n't like windows , or it genuinely stunk on a smartphone . 
  gorby didnt destroy the system . 
  he tried to keep the soviet union alive , but recognized that there were some glaring structural problems that needed to be fixed . 
  in attemtping to fix them , the system collapsed . 
  you have n't posted in / r/europe for at least 3 months until a shitstatistssay post linked to my comment , which is the only place you commented on . 
  who do you think you 're kidding ? 
  my post has been linked to be / r/shitstatistssay , a sub filled with moronic libertarians . 
  do n't bother arguing with them , you 'll find no common ground on this subject . 
  oh , i 've been linked to by you shitstatistssay mental delinquents . 
  why do n't you just stay in your sub ? 
  you made an argument , i called you out for being wrong . 
  edit : for the record , i 'm not racist against swedes ( or at all ) , igelkotten just has a persecution complex . 
  holy shit , how many fucking times do i have to prove you wrong about the cap and wine ? 
  two-thirds of the subsidies going to wine are to convert it to more profitable produce . 
  would you prefer the subsidies were just dropped , and that rural unemployment was even higher than it is now , rather than giving a bit of assisstance that would prevent the need for further subsidies ? 
  that the tobacco subsidies were dropped as well , when a considerable amount of the tobacco grown is in greece which is already facing huge problems with unemployment ? 
  seriously , i 'm starting to agree more and more with people that say that you just do not understand that processes take time , you just keep vomiting forth the same dumb arse shit that gets destroyed over and over again because things do n't happen the instant you will them to . 
  what did you study in university , exactly ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious , i think the answer to this may explain everything . 
  do n't bother , mate . 
  igelkotten is known for his dislike of the eu , and of the cap in particular . 
  he was recently described as [ literally too stupid to argue with ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1o93hf/would_you_support_bosnia_in_the_eu/ccqpxc0?context=1 ) , and has an annoying habit of ignoring every argument you make , every objective fact and figure , coming up with his own most surreal and bizarre arguments , and with mind numbing patience repeating the same shit over and over until you give up . 
  the philosophy of self-centered brain dead morons that ca n't see the obvious symbiosis between government and society ? 
  [ dropping to 38 % of the eu budget ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/02/08/eu-budget-agriculture-idusl5n0b82uw20130208 ), 
  because in comparison to the rest of them , this was just not funny . 
  it 's just playing off of super old stereotypes that have lost the humour in them for anyone that 's not a simpleton or a nationalist long ago . 
  european break up one was good though . 
  one of my friends is doing her phd on how kin-state support makes minorities in other countries a lot less willing to integrate and work collaboratively . 
  in this case , because the serbian people in bosnia are still getting a huge amount of nationalistic support from serbia , this makes them much less likely to care about bargaining and cooperating . 
  if bosnia herzegovina wants to make progress on this , they need to find a way to deal with that . 
  the eu is trying to force you all to compromise and come to an understanding through this , ` swim in the same mud ' . 
  with respect to the troubles in northern ireland , the eu issues community funding which had to be jointly approved by both the protestant and catholic sides - every decision had to be unanimous . 
  first little while , nothing went through but eventually they started cooperating and it 's been hailed as a big success for bringing two groups that previously hated eachother , together . 
  sweden : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vi1yfmd8cf0, 
  yeah , the guy is a xenophobic piece of shit who sees himself as superior . 
  best to just ignore him . 
  hypocrite too , ` multiculturalism is bad !, 
  ' , pisses off from a former communist country to live in sweden . 
  russia 's oil and gas producers are n't developing/finding fields as fast as they 're exploiting them . 
  the entire energy industry there is absolutely riddled with corruption and waste . 
  the likelihood that they 'll begin exploiting them before they become irrelevant is minimal . 
  secondly , europe is massively diversifying it 's energy supplies . 
  norway became the largest exporter of gas to the eu recently . 
  there 's going to be a glut of lng soon as a number of lng processing and exporting terminals are coming online globally . 
  russia 's position is nowhere near as secure as you make out , nor is europe as vulnerable . 
  i 've come to the same conclusion in the past . 
  yeah , for example i think the whole baltica rail project , which is partly funded by the eu , is great . 
  at the moment , flights from estonia to almost anywhere are expensive , the only realistic travel is to the other baltic countries , or sweden/finland by ferry . 
  the baltica rail project could really bring estonia and the other baltics closer to the european center and bring huge incentives for business investments , by cutting down travel time and cost , not to mention create more opportunities for freight . 
  yep . 
  until they sort out their system of governance which prevents anything from getting done , there 's no point discussing it . 
  i swear , i 'm the only person that prefers estonia to the more germanized forms . 
  sweden is n't a litigious society , nor is it big on ` revenge punishment ' . 
  what , really ? 
  first i 've heard of this ... 
  yes , i should grow up rather than the neanderthal braindead xenophobes . 
  sure , but what makes ` cigarettes crap in every single way ' , and not smoking shisha , or smoking pot , or using snus ? 
  i smoke shisha occasionally . 
  would you include that in the ban ? 
  but then you lose the secret ballot . 
  if people vote in some kind of fascists , they might target everyone that did n't vote for them ? 
  i do n't think it 's that mainstream parties are shit . 
  i think that people are just getting really tired of the current form of democracy . 
  in a vote like this , they can really see an effect in governance if they go for the bat shit far-rightists . 
  in the age of the 24 hour news cycle combined with strict party culture , it 's hard for any politicians to be brave or bold so they all seem the same unless they 're extremists . 
  i think we really need to start developing new democratic processes and ideas . 
  hell , we have all this wonderful technology that we can use that could completely revolutionize modern governance , but we 're stuck with 19th century ideals of democracy . 
   conformity breeds acceptance . 
  you 'd be great at totalitarian propaganda posters !, 
  / r/europe gets linked to a lot by racists . 
  yeah , yeah , yeah , now give us the website !, 
  i want to see if i 've been mentioned on there !, 
  so you racists and whiterights people have an offsite forum where you talk about these threads , right ? 
  care to give us the address ? 
  oh , a subscriber and active member of nationalsocialism . 
  this should be interesting . 
   waa , waa , waa , race mixing is wrong , hang them niggers , set that cross on fire , them moosos did 911 to us waa waa waa, 
  the country that has the most journalists incarcerated in the world , shouldnt adopt eu criteria ? 
  your argument is stupid . 
  your posts are stupid . 
  that 's sufficient evidence for me to deduce that you are stupid . 
  i live in europe , i pay my taxes in europe . 
  i 'm affected by it as well . 
  how about you do n't make shitty assumptions ? 
  i 'm a dual citizen australia/eu citizen . 
  so how about you fuck right off mate , because you know none of the nuance of the australian ` boat people ' situation , whilst at the sametime misrepresenting my argument . 
  a tenth of greece is illegal immigrants , is it ?
