  that means another 15 years before the first one is out of the drydock , at the very least . 
  who else would sell them carriers now ? 
  there 's no other sellers that would be willing to do so , and few countries have the capabilities to make them . 
  the point is that selling them now makes it easier for them to continue making moves contrary to international law . 
  uh huh . 
  you know he 's in the past disparaged all arabs , right ? 
  i 'm just waiting for him to start talking about other ethnicities so i can get screenshots of that too . 
   we have to shoot these asylum seekers to save them from dying from drowning ... which they 're only doing to save themselves from dying from the war-torn countries they 're coming from . 
  really , we 're doing them a favour !, 
  i doubt anyone could be persuaded you have a shred of compassion for these people , and that your reason is to ` help them ' . 
  the russian-georgian war was a victory for russia , but a failure for the russian military which faced huge logistical challenges getting through the mountains . 
  a review of the operation by the military following the conclusion of the war is what led to the purchase of the mistral class ships , as it would alleviate those problems . 
  selling it to them makes their job considerably easier in the future . 
  we should n't be doing that . 
  if morality was on an axis purely between ` honours international trade deals ' and ` does n't honour international trade deals ' , then yeah , you 'd be right . 
  but it 's not , it 's much broader than that , and we have a responsibility to not sell weapons to people that are going to use them in a manner contrary to international legal norms , as well as for violating human rights . 
  man , you 've said some pretty horrific things about refugees and immigrants in the past ( advocated shooting them even , * for the greater good * ) , but this just shows me that you may actually be an honest to god fascist . 
  you do n't give a shit about the rule of law , you 're happy with extrajudicial violence , and you do n't like people that are n't of a ` superior race ' . 
  mate , that 's not what i was saying . 
  i hate to make this comparison , but it 's apt , and i 'm lazy - but just as there was no moral imperative to keep deals with hitler in the second world war , there 's no moral imperative to keep deals with putin , who flagrantly breaches international law , shits on self determination , and is just going to use these as tools to continue doing that . 
  great , fuck the law , vigilante justice !, 
  not only that , it 's stupid . 
  the ukrainians are n't going to surrender now , they 'll fight to the death . 
  this is a country that repeatedly breaks agreements , and does so whenever it feels it can get away with it . 
  there 's no moral imperative to keep deals with russia , a state run by an autocrat and which is being plundered by said autocrat ( putin is estimated to have stolen more than $ 40 billion ) . 
  yep , apparently if they had these during the georgian war , it would have ended in hours , instead of days . 
  i 've heard farage is quite the tyrant within ukip , could that be part of the reason ? 
  it 's hard for such people to play nicely with others . 
  yeah , it was clear this entire situation was going to create a schism in europe between those countries that experienced soviet domination , and those that did n't . 
  you think this really contributes anything ? 
  i do n't suppose you 'd care to qualify that somehow ? 
  putin , alas , does have high support ratings in russia according to official polls . 
  but many people are scared of speaking against him . 
  interesting , did something happen recently ? 
  or can it be in large part explained by the russian minority ? 
  most rich people 's money is invested in a number of areas ; stocks , bonds , real estate , art , etc. 
  devaluation is a tax that disproportionately affects the poor , not the rich . 
  someone who has 50 euros disposable income a month is relatively much worse hit than someone that has 50000 . 
  in fairness to doha , they did have a rather comprehensive agreement go through around january , which mostly left the sensitive issues to be finished off like agriculture and trips . 
  never seen breakdancing ? 
  he said he did n't want to be stuck in the same character for the rest of his career . 
  given he 's playing in a series as the co-lead to john malkovich now , i 'd say it worked . 
  baileys style of musical comedy is international . 
  really , much of it comes from his tremendous musical ability , his eccentric appearance , and his expressions , let alone his creative genius . 
  i have a lot of british friends , love british comedies ( ` coupling ' is a work of genius ) , love scottish beers ( ambivalent about them from the rest of the isles ) and generally have ` good feelings ' towards the uk that said , you have some butters like farage who i 've caught up lying or misleading the public a number of times , the way some of you think the commonwealth is just dying to be led by the uk again is kind of irritating , and i ca n't stand cricket so it 's annoying when people start arguing about the cricket with me . 
  the notion that you guys do n't think yourselves european baffles me . 
  everyone else on the globe does . 
  look , you 're like every other country . 
  some good , some bad , mostly fine . 
  sorry for murdoch . 
  the ecb has no mandate to print money to promote growth , only to combat inflation . 
  how well it 's doing that is debatable , but if you want to give the ecb powers for quantitative easing , that 's going to require some very serious negotiating on behalf of the eurozone members . 
  krugman wrote about the cypriot banking crisis without knowing anything about the political situation , and completely ignoring it . 
  he even explicitly stated that if he did n't have to deal with any political fallout , this is his solution . 
  yet people frequently pointed to his unworkable ( which he himself admitted ) analysis because he is krugman . 
  having a nobel prize in economics does not does not make one know about every aspect of every economic theory in the world , he won that prize for one specific idea which he has applied to pretty much every problem since , regardless of fit . 
  i was making the comment that on this sub , and elsewhere , people try to lend credence to their argument by saying that ` krugman thinks so , so it must be right ! ' . 
  that 's what i meant by treating krugman as a god , he 's the biggest ` appeal to authority ' in the field of economics . 
  i do n't disagree entirely with your actual point , though i 'd say it disproportionately beneficial for germany than other countries , as opposed to only beneficial for germany . 
  but people need to stop throwing krugmans name around as if it makes their arguments correct . 
  i do n't think you know what that means . 
   but please in general keep nazi comparisons to a minimum . 
  this sentiment i agree with wholeheartedly , just like throwing the word ` communist ' and ` fascist ' willy-nilly . 
  people really need to stop treating krugman as the god of economics . 
  does it though ? 
  does n't it rather draw up the idea of learning from the past , when used as he did ? 
  how roma are treated is very reminiscent of how minorities were treated around the time of kristallnacht . 
  yeah , what he said , as long as it 's sensible . 
  i finished a masters degree a number of years back which was focused on the post-soviet space , which obviously meant going pretty in depth about its history . 
  juncker can do fuck all to federalize the eu , so i do n't see where the issue is exactly . 
  ok , i do n't care what you disagree or agree with . 
  it 's the law . 
  sure , but asylum seekers have the right to cross borders ` unofficially ' to request asylum . 
  you made a strawman about no-borders people , i countered it . 
  if you do n't want me replying to you , stop posting stupid shit that 's easily refuted . 
  do n't tell me how to live my life , you 're not my mother !, 
  no one here has argued for no-borders . 
  in fact , your whole post is filled with batshit crazy more suited to / r/conspiracy than here . 
  i love how non-native speakers use brain-fart !, 
  ok , forgive me , they are technically asylum seekers . 
  but going off of australian numbers ( because i do n't have european ones ) 90 % + are refugees , so i did n't feel like it was a big deal to get bogged down in setails, 
  yeah , i never made the argument that it did ? 
  i 've always maintained that turkey wo n't be ready for at least 50 years . 
  do n't assign some bogeyman argument to me that i never made, 
  no , criminals exist . 
  because they have a right to claim asylum under the un convention . 
  no , i call refugees refugees . 
  you seem to think ` refugees ' is not a real word . 
  refugees , not xriminals, 
  ` they did shot wrong too ' is n't a good excuse . 
  point being such a system leads to such abuses . 
  bird stream is finished , done , finito . 
  no point ending it now , but rather taking it to uncompetitive practices as it is ( through the way gasprom operates it ), 
  a few weeks ago the guards started beating refugees and killed one or two . 
  such problems happen frequently , but the government does n't give any information because ` it 's classified ' so it 's hard to know exact conditions . 
  recently , allegations of torture aboard an australian navy vessel against a refugee came out . 
  the situation is n't good . 
  why does everyone make this argument ? 
  no one suggests taking the entire population in , only protecting those that do make it to the eu, 
  it 's been explained to you many times .
