  the whole concept of large-scale refugee asylum sprung up following the second world war , after events such as the fate of those aboard the s.s. st. louis came to light . 
  from this came the idea that all refugees deserve and must be granted protection , regardless of how politically inconvenient it is . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not proposing we open up the borders or anything - but we need to be more proactive in preventing instability in poorer countries ( the french intervention in mali , or the australian intervention in the solomon islands immediately spring to mind ) whilst at the same time fulfilling our domestic and international legal obligations - processing asylum seekers , granting temporary or permanent protection visas as necessary to those deemed refugees , and deporting those deemed to just be illegal immigrants . 
  well , obviously not , given i said you have to support them . 
  they 're * refugees * . 
  are you proposing sending refugees back to the countries they had to flee from ? 
  my god , 150 ? 
  it 's not the kind of thing that could be imposed overnight , it 'd take years of governance aid , promoting social cohesion , and greater engagement in general . 
  but as with so many of the worlds great problems , there 's no easy fix . 
  yeah , except then when the people wanted some greater political and social freedom and started demonstrating , he hired foreign mercenaries to indiscriminately shoot them . 
  give them freedom from dictators and wars and help them stabilize and you 'll have considerably fewer people coming in boats across the med . 
  if you stop wars happening in their countries , stop them being ruled by dictators , and so forth then you wo n't need to impose a high cost , you 'd cut the number coming to europe by at least half . 
  would be grateful if you did !, 
   keep hating the normal serbian people . 
  the world does n't hate the serbian people . 
  the analysis of the black box is meant to come out next month , until then there 's nothing new to really say . 
  could n't agree more , they should get rid of dublin 2 and impose a eu-wide cooperative asylum seeker processing regime . 
  you realise that refugees and immigrants are n't the same thing right ? 
  refugees are people fleeing wars and so on ? 
  what ? 
  no it 's not . 
  america took in immigrants a hundred years ago , not refugees . 
  refugees = / = immigrants . 
  your link does n't work , but you might try snaggy to put up a quick pic of it . 
  standard conservative party in line with the tories that 's been made a bogeyman ? 
  surely you must be joking !, 
  this is a party that has had controvery after controversy over how crazily racist they are . 
  they have racist incident after racist incident , such as the time their justice spokesman and economy spokesman ( both mps ) were caught [ running around harassing foreign-looking people with slurs and blunt objects ] ( https://danielerikvalentin.wordpress.com/tag/sverigedemokraterna/ ) , where their [ mps get caught describing darker-skinned people as monkey ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20130426/47570 ) , where an [ mp who claimed he was beaten and robbed of his backpack by immigrants ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20121129/44726 ) had in actual fact just been helped by two immigrants back into his wheelchair , and he had actually just forgotten the backpack at the restaurant he was in ( this very same charming fellow also abused the guards at the riksdag ) and at least [ used to get , if they do n't still currently , a lot of it 's funding from out-and-out racists ] ( http://www.expressen.se/nyheter/sverigedemokraterna-far-miljoner-av-rik-rasist/ ) , let alone that it has it 's roots in the swedish neo-nazi movement . 
  all this action just from their mps , and it 's not even as if they 've had that many !, 
  many of these mps have been kicked out in recent years for ` ruining ' the party 's image , and it 's certainly trying to seem like a respectable party , but a polished turd is still a turd . 
  they 're far more the equivalent of pvv or fn than the tories . 
  there 's a reason none of the other parties in sweden want anything to do with them . 
  edit : and instant downvotes , charming . 
  have you seen his posting history ? 
  i 've engaged with him numerous times before , and those kinds of comments in that context are typical of xenophobes , bigots , and racists . 
  i do n't visit sweddit anymore , but from what i 've been told it 's been turned into flashback-lite . 
  they do n't have unrestricted immigration of religious fundamentalists . 
  they have unlimited acceptance of syrian refugees . 
  no he 's not , he 's talking about multiculturalism , as i was saying , right [ and the proof is right here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2ednbt/islamist_militants_on_rise_in_austria_government/cjynuy1 ), 
  oh please , do n't play semantics . 
  yeah , because all that `` how you like your diversity now '' and `` enjoy the cultural enrichment '' is n't the typical garbage that racists say when they 're complaining about ` darkies ' . 
  ca n't you keep your barely-coded racist language in / r/european ? 
  the point is that only 3 % of that 385k km ^ 2 is suitable for agriculture . 
  you would n't lose control of the oil . 
  you 'd have to share your fishing waters with the eu , but the eu would also have to share their fishing waters with you . 
  is the 3 % arable land even enough to feed yourselves ? 
  surely , if not , it 'd be better to throw your lot in with the eu where you can have security through solidarity . 
  but you would be in the eu common market and under the cap , hence you 'd have equal access to all the european food . 
  of course i do , i thought that went without saying . 
   eu is basically made out of asterisks brilliant . 
  i 'm going to use this . 
  and as a consequence , norway subsidises their agriculture more than any other country in the oecd , with a massive [ 63 % of farmers income coming from subsidies ] ( http://www.oecd-ilibrary.org/agriculture-and-food/producer-support-estimates-subsidies-2013-1_pse-table-2013-1-en ) in 2012 , more than three times higher than the eu . 
  that has n't stopped montenegro . 
  you think so ? 
  i always saw it as a knock-off store like h&m , just a tiny bit more upmarket . 
  they 'll get rid of the lek and just use euros without authorisation from the eu , like montenegro does . 
  at least you can come up with cool contractions for zloty , ` euro ' is just so dull . 
  sadly , the people usually do n't know what 's good for them . 
  they prefer verisimilitude over the bitter truth . 
  the gravy train of building up unsustainable levels of debt , having a bloated public sector , and third thing . 
  i feel dirty up voting you , but it 's a good answer . 
  thanks . 
  it was n't genuine . 
  yeah , you might be right . 
  both my masters thesis have been finished for some time , and i 've graduated both those masters courses , thank you very much . 
  oh , so short this time ? 
  pity , i was looking forward to not reading another one of your long , rambling , self indulgent posts . 
  you 'd just be able to make another account , so it would n't make a difference if a mod saw it or not . 
  regardless , you seem to really enjoy writing these long posts . 
  gets you off , eh ? 
  as i recall , much of the leadership of gd was found guilty of being complicit in , or even outright ordering , organized killings . 
  as i said probably over a year ago now , i would 've been willing to discuss it with you if you could have a civil discussion , but you 've proven yourself completely incapable of that numerous times . 
  nice to see you editing your posts an hour after i reply to them though . 
  jesus , the hostility in your post just came from nowhere !, 
  it 's interesting that you take it as a given that the uk is going to leave , but ireland 's a possibility as their economy is pretty intertwined with that of the uk . 
  yes , you were banned for stalking me and making shit up . 
  i messaged one of the mods , they verified it , and they banned you . 
  but it does n't matter , i 've gone over all this with you before and yet a few months later you come out again and once more start making shit up or misconstruing my arguments . 
  i 'm not getting into this with you . 
  30 guns per capita ? 
  my god , how many do the first 10 have ... 
  er , i finished that degree years ago . 
  forgive me for not writing in perfect english after having lived in non-native speaking countries for more than five years ... and no , that was academic expertise from a masters thesis in the oldest university in scandinavia , so not exactly some ` nothing ' eastern university . 
  i was looking for an internship in estonia because that 's where the girl i was seeing was from and i wanted to live there , not because i was desperate for work . 
  also , why did you bother crawling out of the woodwork exactly again ? 
  you 've been banned in the past for following me around making shit up . 
  they 're not mutually exclusive . 
  you again ? 
  charming . 
  do i really need to explain why protectionism is a bad thing ? 
  and no , i 'd call bribes a bad thing . 
  oh yeah , the way the australian government treats asylum seekers coming in through unofficial channels is appalling . 
  i was referring to the rest of it , where everyone thinks only doctors and engineers can get in . 
  i do n't have any update sorry , but the restitution for what they could have potentially received makes sense when you factor in opportunity cost . 
   another poster named the quebec fracking case as an example why isds is needed that was me !, 
  ma , i 'm famous !, 
  ones for fracking , yes . 
  hey , first i want to thank you for your moderate and well thought out reply . 
  you 're right , i should n't generalize from sweden to the rest of scandinavia ( or even the rest of europe ) , but after speaking with foreigners living in those countries ( as well as how similar i find the culture of scandinavian cultures , with jantelagen and so on ) that was the impression left to me . 
  at the very least , i think it plays a part in many european countries .
