  and yes , i could understand that without using google translate . 
  i lived in sweden for a few years and learned the language , though not as well as i 'd like . 
   let 's let the crowd decide that hrm , i dunno mate !, 
  pretty sure i said i was n't a big fan of populism earlier , and i doubt it would side with me given / r/europe 's long term secret love affair with xenophobia and racism !, 
  but as you said with respect to opinions , we 'll have to agree to disagree . 
   which was wrong by me . 
  i know that most of them want a job , but at the same time some of them do n't . 
  well , i 'm glad that you accept that . 
   interesting . 
  i know some immigrants have trouble getting their degrees transferred to be valid in norway . 
  that may be the reason . 
  it 's possible . 
  but put that into the light of the study i first linked to ( cvs with swedish names vs non-swedish that showed that swedes were twice as likely to get interviews ) and i think there 's a strong case for a good deal of that discrepancy down to implicit xenophobia . 
   we do n't ? 
  we give them everything they need to learn it . 
  we give them norwegian classes , we offer their kids free school and we have lots of programs to help them integrate . 
  some of the work they have to do themselves . 
  yes , the norwegian government does wonders for immigrants . 
  i never denied that . 
  my contention was that they ca n't just learn what it 's like to be norwegian just from government programs and pamphlets . 
  but i do n't see how a successful integration policy can work without native norwegians helping the immigrants integrate , and that 's what i was discussing . 
  they do a shitload of the work . 
  the overwhelming majority of them try and learn norwegian , try and find a job , try and obey the laws , do n't cause trouble . 
  but when the host society demonizes them through populist politicians railing against immigrants , or in the media ( which , admittedly , is n't as common in norway with respect to the media ) , how can they not feel like outsiders ? 
   the best part is that you come from australia , a country known for its very strict immigration policies first . 
  this point is n't relevant , it 's a distraction . 
  second , australia takes the third or second highest rate per capita of refugees from un camps in the world . 
  as for ` strict immigration policies ' , about a quarter of australian citizens were n't born in australia , and in the city i 'm from , melbourne , that number is somewhere around 34 % as to frp , are you really trying to tell me it 's not a right wing populist anti immigration party ? 
  because i just checked wikipedia ( to refresh my memory ) , and they claim it is , with multiple sources . 
  i , behave myself ? 
  where on earth have i ` misbehaved ' here ? 
  i 'm not trying to shame the guy , i 'm trying to challenge what he said and why he might 've said it . 
  and it worked , he retracted his comment about ` most immigrants do n't bother to get a job ' . 
  in fact , the discussion between myself and him has been entirely civil . 
  you 're the only person that 's running around throwing out ` character assassination ' and ` ad hominem ' and telling me to leave the subreddit and never visit denmark . 
  the only one acting like a child here is you , trying to stop me making arguments . 
  funnily enough , exactly what you accused me of doing !, 
  as for my arguments . 
  mate , the longest single post in this submission is mine , and they 're good arguments that did n't get addressed . 
  i even addressed why scandinavian cultures should open up more - because immigrants who are n't integrating well are already living in scandinavian cultures , and they ca n't fully integrate without some steps from scandinavians . 
  but you , just like theendgame completely ignored the point and put it down to ` government should do it , us decent natives should n't have to deal with foreigners who have n't integrated ' . 
  finally , i never called you , swedes , or norwegians names . 
  i do n't know where you 're getting this weird persecution complex from . 
  and are you really trying to tell me that immigrants have integrated with great success ? 
  if that 's the case , why was there such a big rise in dansk folkeparti ? 
  it 's not character assassination . 
  he literally said all that stuff , i was even helpful enough to link to . 
  it was establishing what kind of ideological basis he had for formulating his arguments , something everyone should try and establish with the person they 're raging with so as to better understand where their position is coming from and how to formulate your own arguments . 
  as for ` leaving / r/europe ' , no thanks . 
  people have suggested it to me before , but they were typically racists and xenophobes and i do n't really take their opinions to heart . 
  name calling ? 
  where have i done either ? 
  and i 've been to denmark and plan to visit again , lovely place . 
  yes , that 's what i said . 
  the person accused of being a pedophile had an arabic name , do people think that if he was a white fella , english as english can be , he would 've been so easily accused , bashed , and torched on the street ? 
   no , i think the majority is interested in working here . 
  in the post i linked , you * literally * said that ` most do n't even bother to get a job ' . 
   the problem is those who have no education . 
  [ page 31 of this oecd report shows that you 're completely wrong about that . 
  ] ( http://www.oecd.org/els/mig/43247521.pdf ) there 's an , on average , 10 percentage point difference between the employment rate of lowly and highly educated immigrants * from non-oecd countries * and native born , and closer to 15 % at a medium level of education . 
  for a demographic that globally seeks jobs more desperately than natives , that 's pretty telling . 
   this has always been the case in scandinavia . 
  what do you expect us to do ? 
  we are shy by nature . 
  also it 's those who come here who should adapt to our culture , not the other way around . 
  how are they going to adapt to your culture if the overwhelming majority of norwegians are n't willing to help them learn it ? 
  you know what , i 'm going to stop here . 
  i ca n't be arsed , you completely ignored most of my points , particularly about norwegian-immigrant culture and how xenophobic rhetoric is supposed to help them integrate better . 
  if you 're just going to pick and choose , and then point to one success story of an immigrant that 's been coopted by a right wing xenophobic populist group , then i have no time for you . 
  i hope you live out the rest of your life in peace , or something . 
  you think that the problem with immigrant employment is because they do n't want to find jobs ? 
  when people with [ non scandinavian names apply for jobs ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20130405/47164 ) in scandinavia , they are far more likely to get turned down than locals . 
  this is a study done in sweden , yes , but i 'm more familiar with the case there and i 'm pretty sure you can generalize the results to norway as well . 
  the problem is n't that immigrants ` do n't want to find jobs ' , it 's that the process for them to get jobs is a great deal more arduous and fraught with xenophobia . 
  in a traditionally homogeneous society like norway 's this is understandable , though not condonable . 
  norway accepted these people into their country , made them citizens , guaranteed them a way of life there , but because norwegian society is still closed to outsiders this life is increasingly difficult to live in , especially when you 're a single immigrant or a small family that has no social networks to depend upon arrival in norway . 
  my mother was an immigrant to australia . 
  she was a highly educated doctor ( head of a department at a hospital ) , but did n't speak any english upon arrival . 
  if it were n't for her blue collar neighbours , aussies whose families had been living there for at least three generations , inviting her over to events with them often , despite her absolutely atrocious english , teaching her the morals and values of australian society , she would 've probably ended up just hanging out with people who were from her country . 
  these days , she sounds more australian than i do and she loves the country and society . 
  i think the problem with immigration in scandinavia does n't tend to be the immigrants . 
  it 's the closed off scandinavian societies where , if you live in a big city where most immigrants go , do n't speak to their neighbours , do n't know their names , and assume that ` society ' or ` the government ' will integrate immigrants , as if it happens by osmosis . 
  your government , the people your society elected to run the country and represent them , chose to let immigrants in . 
  you , as a society , now have a collective responsibility for the good of your own society to make their transition into mainstream norwegian life as painless as possible . 
  just looking at it pragmatically , if you do n't want a permanent ghettoized underclass of darker citizens living in your country for generations , norwegians have to stop hiding behind their government and politicians and try to form some kind of mutual understanding themselves . 
  after all , how many people do you know that befriended a ` fresh off the boat ' immigrant and tried to introduce them to the ways of your society ? 
  how else are they going to learn ? 
  but maybe it 's too late . 
  maybe , thanks to more then a decade now of ` immigrants just do n't integrate ' , xenophobia , populist politicians complaining about immigration and newspaper articles portraying immigrants as criminals , that all directly prey on and impact those darker skinned people that you have living in norway , has made them feel like such outsiders and helped cement a culture of them being resentful to mainstream norwegian culture , where older brother/sisters tell younger ones not to bother to get a job , or not to bother doing well at school - because the native born norwegians are against you anyway and would n't want to give you a job either , that native norwegians just do n't want you there . 
  after all , that 's what they read in the paper , hear from their politicians , and see from untrusting eyes on the street . 
  this is why i 'm not a fan of populist politicians and their xenophobic platforms , like sverigedemokraterna , dansk folkeparti , or fremskrittspartiet . 
  every time they rail against immigrants and immigration policy , what they 're really doing is sending a big fuck you to all the people that emigrated to norway and strengthening the differences between native and immigrant born norwegians . 
  no western country likes to think of itself as racist , or having any of the values traditionally associated with those . 
  but just as australia has to admit it has a huge problem with how the public treats indigenous australians and try and come up with a way to reconcile the past and present , so too do scandinavians need to realise that the way their society functions is n't fantastically conducive to immigrants , and the ` simple ' options - ` exterminate the aborigines ' , or ` deport all the immigrants ' as for the ` gypsies ' , yes , there are criminal gangs that run around , commit crime , and try and abuse the fuck out of the system which comprise of ` gypsies ' . 
  but do you say ` fucking french ' when you hear of a french person committing a crime in norway , or try and abuse the norwegian system , or do you put it down to just that individual ? 
  i thought that was gypsies ? 
  blame them for crops failing , children gone missing , etc. . . 
  apologies for torygraph article . 
  anyone else think this would n't have happened if the accused was white and had a name like ben johnson ? 
  your idea of bias seems to be that they do n't shit on immigrants all the time .
