  how do you even know they were second or third generation ? 
  how do you know their parents were n't the perfect model swedes ? 
  ok , so what do you mean then by ` actual swedes ' ? 
  because as i wrote here  which is why i said that ethnicity was arbitrary , there is no clear delineation between one and another . 
  is someone who is half french half german one , none or both ? 
  what about if a german guy has a french grandmother , is he still german ? 
  what about a 3 great grandparents being french ? 
  there is no clear delineation between one ethnicity and another , it 's all arbitrary . 
  a guy holding up a doll with fake blood covering it ? 
  what 's the problem with that ? 
  so becuase they 're muslims they might not be ` actual swedes ' ? 
  and why is immigration a ` bad enough problem ' on its own ? 
   then blame sweden , one of the most generous countries , for not giving them more welfare checks . 
  is there any indication that they decided to fight for isis because they were n't getting enough welfare checks , or is that your own observation ? 
  i was n't objecting to that , of course if it 's relevant it is a phenomena that should be studies and addressed . 
  i was objecting to the fact that he was insinuating non-white immigrants could never be seen as natives to a country , despite being born and raised there . 
  that has absolutely nothing to do with what we were discussing . 
  you were saying you would refer to the people as immigrants , regardless of whether they were born in those countries or not , based purely on the fact that they were muslims . 
  you do n't know how long they 've lived there , how many generations , etc , you just instantly decided that they ca n't be swedes . 
  which is why i said that ethnicity was arbitrary , there is no clear delineation between one and another . 
  is someone who is half french half german one , none or both ? 
  what about if a german guy has a french grandmother , is he still german ? 
  what about a 3 great grandparents being french ? 
  there is no clear-cut line between who is one ethnicity and who is n't , but because you 're xenophobic you assumed that all these people who have some ancestors that came from non-european countries can not possibly be swedish . 
  i 'm not feigning ignorance , you 're just xenophobic . 
  there are no concrete distinctions between ethnicities , it 's all arbitrary . 
  why does it matter to whom they were born , or do you believe that it 's in their genes somehow ? 
  how do you even know if they 're immigrants ? 
  many of them were probably born in the nordic countries . 
  when you say actual , i presume you mean ethnic ? 
  it 's the other way around , the orthodox church is subservient to the state . 
  russia is n't run by religion . 
  yet you still found reason to judge how all these people thought just based on their skin colour ? 
  i 've never lived in the uk . 
  i actually typically live in non-anglo countries , like poland and sweden . 
  i 've been in germany many times and know a lot of people there . 
  i do n't have ` extreme leftist anglosphere ' views . 
  good argument . 
  really got me there . 
  that 's fair enough . 
  they were suspended pending investigation . 
  it 's pretty routine in cases of cover-up . 
  they generally do n't bring charges until something is concrete . 
  how do you know none of them consider themselves german ? 
  you seem to be making some very large assumptions for such a large population of people . 
  that tells me that there are some fucked up individuals in labour , rather than that it 's an endemic problem . 
  so why do you have the quotation marks around ? 
  it was n't your government , it was one police department . 
  ` my government ' seems to imply that ` top men ' were involved in a cover up . 
  i live in europe , and have for more than five years, 
  no it 's not . 
  agenda setting . 
  i 'd love to have a non-rt or daily mail link for this , but ca n't find one . 
  perhaps someone swiss could help out ? 
  this is so bizarre as to be unbelievable . 
  edit : the good burghers of / r/switzerland seem to believe it 's [ true ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/switzerland/comments/2gmli2/is_this_story_true_has_there_been_any_exposure_of/ ), 
  could n't have put it better myself . 
  of course you 're allowed to criticize anti-semitism coming from muslims . 
  what the fuck , where did you get that notion ? 
  finally , the greens doing something i can agree with . 
  i know an indian guy in krakow , doing a phd in physics or something . 
  apparently he gets harassed on a near daily basis . 
  i 've heard people who i thought were reasonable , happy , live-and-let-live people go on rants about jews . 
  i do n't think the majority of poles are racist , but there 's certainly a high background level , especially in comparison to australia . 
  because there 's the word ` muslim ' in the title . 
  we have boys and girls schools in australia . 
  it 's not that big a deal . 
  what ? 
  you 're not supposed to agree !, 
  that does n't happen on reddit , you 're supposed to double down and become more entrenched in your position !, 
  i get downvoted all the time , it does n't bother me . 
  there are two kinds of comments people read , the upvoted ones , and the downvoted ones . 
  the ones in the middle are n't of much use . 
   i was under the impression that there 's pretty much no ` white ' anti-semites left try living in poland . 
  you understand there 's a distinction between the ec and the ep ? 
  well , again , no . 
  because the british pound is a stable currency , so there will be no drastic swings in the interest or inflation rate over the short-medium term that will bring about economic uncertainty to scotland . 
  and the short-medium term is the time it will take them to adjust to something else . 
  are you stupid ? 
  by virtue of the fact that the refugee convention does n't apply to those people they ca n't be refugees . 
  your argument sums up as `` these people do n't qualify as refugees , so obviously they are n't refugees '' . 
  no shit , that 's why i made the clear distinction between refugee , asylum seeker , etc. 
  learn what the fucking terms mean before you try and make a stupid argument again . 
  regardless , under the refugee convention , the idea that they have to go to the first safe country is an ideal , not an iron-clad rule . 
   ouch if they did n't announce themselves they have no leg to stand on . 
  damn racist un that does n't invalidate their status as a refugee if they get accepted as such , it just means they can be criminally punished for not declaring in a timely manner . 
  let me make this real fucking simple for you . 
  someone is a refugee when they have gone through the asylum seeking process in a country and have been accepted as a refugee . 
  you seem to be confusing asylum seeker and refugee . 
  maybe you could intimidate other people by posting blocks of text , but i 've actually read through the fucking document and understood it , i did n't just search for sentences that seemed to support my argument . 
  well , no , because as i argued earlier , if the ec thinks there 'll be a massive outcry a la acta they would ensure that there are no egregious breaches against the public trust . 
  they know the ep is clamouring for more power and would happily shoot it down to provide itself an extra modicum of democratic legitimacy . 
  what i meant was that it was n't the case that it would create tremendous economic uncertainty , not that the uk government would n't run it . 
   in the long run a scottish currency would be no more risky than the swiss , new zealand , czech , danish , norwegian , or swedish currencies . 
  that 's contingent on an independent scottish currency being used in the long run , as opposed to making the transition to the euro asap , or even a transition period with the pound to a scottish currency . 
  as i said , i do n't know the details of the scottish plan , so i ca n't comment . 
  but the scenario you 're putting forth is n't the only possible outcome . 
  did you even read that ? 
  because you really should , and try and see how it fits into my point , before replying . 
  similarly , parts of the ttip have been leaked as well and have faced public scrutiny ( i know , i 've read through each of the leaked documents line-by-line ) , but the point remains that they 're still negotiating documents - that is , not finalized documents - and thus have no weight , they are always subject to change .
