  before , inevitably , someone provides a link to a newspaper article directly showing the issue was raised during pos tenure . 
  have you never heard of the parable of the boy who cried wolf ? 
  if you keep saying this shit , no one is going to believe you when you 're actually right . 
  yep , they 're after cheap investment . 
  or rather , investment needs to be cheap to attract investors for start ups . 
  again , these are n't policies - they 're generalities . 
  well , i find that morally indefensible , but i guess we have different morals . 
  pleasant evening to you . 
  why that number ? 
  so to get this straight , you 're fine with constrianing the uk economy by not having enough skilled people coming to work , you 're fine with not accepting people for humanitarian protection , and you 're fine with people not having their wife/kid/whatever coming over ? 
  some british guy marries an aussie woman , and you want her to not be allowed to come and live in the uk with him ? 
  just so you can have some arbitrary number on immigration ? 
  moving away from eu immigration , where do you see that there is too much immigration coming from ? 
  in my mind , it seems that it typically comes under 3 categories - family reunion type stuff , refugees , and skilled immigrants . 
  the narrative has completely gone crazy , i do n't think there is too much immigration . 
  i do n't think immigration is a problem , it 's just that media and the politicians have made it such a central issue that it 's become a cultural phenomenon of our times . 
  i wish people would stop using the term `` neoliberal '' and start using what they actually mean . 
  it means so many different things to so many different people that 's it 's essentially used for any economic/social policy people do n't like . 
  all that people know is that it 's `` bad '' , but no one ever points to the real issues they see . 
  you 're essentially attacking nation-state sovereignty here . 
  part of the reason that the eu is set up as it is , is to allow the states ( which lets be honest , hold all the cards ) , to discuss with the ec what they will and wo n't accept . 
  an eu which repeatedly attacks individual nation-states interests ( as opposed to the consensus based approach currently ) would tear the eu apart . 
  i 'm not sure how much polish citizens would appreciate marriage equality being imposed on them , or reasonable access to abortions in ireland , dictated by the ep over the heads of the nation states . 
  lots of oscypek to the us . 
  it was hong kong , and the guardian does n't know dick about this topic . 
  i 'm not sure that you 're aware , but germany invented isds in 1959 with the pakistan-germany bit . 
  suffice it to say , isds is nothing like what the public thinks it is . 
  on the occidental petroleum case ;  the tribunal held that the farmout agreement effected an assignment in violation of ecuadorian law , since it was not approved by the ecuadorian government . 
  ** however , the tribunal held that the termination of the participation contract was a disproportionate response to oxy 's assignment of rights under the farmout agreement . 
  **  as part of its proportionality analysis , ** the tribunal held that there were a number of alternatives to terminating the participation contract and that the latter should have thus been a measure of last resort . 
  the tribunal also found that ecuador did not suffer `` any quantifiable loss as a direct result of aec taking an economic interest in block 15 . '' [ 3 ] thus , the caducidad decree was disproportionate to its objective . 
  ** the oxy case was basically the equivalent of expropriating someones house for jaywalking , yet if one were to look at [ the public citizen overview ] ( http://www.citizen.org/documents/ustr-isds-response.pdf ) , one would think that the isds tribunal were making things up on the fly to screw the government , rather than the actual case which is completely acceptable and understandable in an arbitration . 
  you know pmi * lost * against australia , and had to pay their legal costs , right ? 
  dan carlin , whilst great at history , is a bit of a moron when it comes to economics . 
  i mean , the guys an isolationist that does n't believe in global institutions like the wto , imf , wb , etc. 
  i do n't believe that . 
  i read a number of polish academic journals , and aside from those that blatantly buy into fearmongering `` suing for lost profits '' type stuff , they 're cautiously positive about the outcome . 
  as it stands now , it will have to thanks to the investment court the eu is trying to establish . 
  commondreams ? 
  can we at least get a credible source , please ? 
  yeah , you know that 's a gross mischaracterization of what she actually wrote , right ? 
  infuriating . 
  it was around 50 % in the 90s early 2000s . 
  it 's dropped now , but it 's always sitting there on the radar . 
  there 's a strong republicanism movement . 
  i 'm more pissed that a bunch of british politicians have been saying ` w ` ell just start trading with the commonwealth again ' , as if australia and the rest of the commonwealth have been sitting around on their arses the past four decades waiting for the uk to turn from europe and back to us - and as if we have n't been spending the same amount of time reorienting our trade to more natural trading partners . 
  they 're pretty much interchangeable in common parlance these days . 
  fine , last 9 years !, 
  i pm 'd you a selection of sources used . 
  this is a longstanding problem with the uk . 
  i did a literature review a few years back on voting in the com , the uk constnatly gets worse results on average the even countries like estonia because there 's no streamlined communication between the domestic ministry and coreper , because they use shitty negotiating tactics that do n't work ( taking an extreme view , and trying to negotiate down to what they actually want - exactly like here ) , and the general lack of interest of britain in european affairs . 
  the uk has spent the last decade burning its political capital , destroying relationships with its traditional partners , and having its entire european policy taken hostage by domestic party factionalism . 
  the fact is , the uk has been underperforming in the eu - it could have been a heavyweight on par with germany , instead its own involvement has basically been an afterthought in the grand scheme of things . 
  doing gods work . 
  democracy is n't great , it 's marginally more tolerable than everything else . 
  115 billion a week ? 
  jesus , i would 've voted out as well . 
  i most certainly do n't have a favourable opinion of the iraq war . 
  but having entered there , i think it would 've been irresponsible for us to leave without waiting for a stabilized situation . 
  hey , speak to the other bloke . 
  i know it was an international effort ( spearheaded by the europeans ) , but apparently if you support any intervention you 're a warmonger . 
  not to the us , but to the libyan people - sure . 
  the world sat by and twiddled their thumbs during the rwandan genocide , let 's see how your peacenik non-intervention policy works during the next one . 
  most of congress voted for it . 
  then you 're after theatre and not democracy . 
  i think we 've evolved beyond sound bite debates . 
  how is that not democratic ? 
  people can choose to vote for her or not . 
  iphone typing . 
  supported . 
  and everyone backed then basically supported action there , it was the spirit of the times . 
  it 's not like she controlled policy or something . 
  the public is more of a hindrance to a good president than a help . 
  bernie would just do some nice sounding platitudes that make great sound bites while hillary would try and explain why her position on an issue is the important one . 
  the public will side with bernie . 
  sanders is the garage of the left . 
  he 's a populist demagogue . 
  it 's an investigation . 
  i think if there was a chance shed credibly be charged , the dnc would n't be supporting her . 
  what about it ? 
  you 've been reading too many conspiracy theories . 
  she did n't throw out dublin . 
  she suspended it just for germany . 
  it does n't give refugees rights to go to the uk, 
  she 's a policy wonk , she seeks expert opinion and based her opinions on that - basically the polar opposite of the brexit leave campaign . 
  she 's also the only candidate that could find compromise between both major parties , and she 's tremendously experienced . 
  i do n't think she was in anyone 's pockets , and i think where she devoured military action were reasonable places . 
  polls consistently show greeks wanting to stay in both the eu and eurozone . 
  if the uk wanted to limit immigration , why did n't they significantly tighten non-eu immigration ? 
  what rot . 
  they did n't spit on the greek people , the greeks spat on themselves . 
  clinton is a fine candidate . 
  i 'm less certain . 
  such a small margin on such an important issue is n't a very clear mandate . 
  that 's because their fears are based around xenophobia . 
  should they be pandered to when they 're blatantly wrong ? 
  they 're surprised they 've been ignored in the past when they 're just voting for the first time ? 
  does n't appear to be because of xenophobia , rather to do with world youth day . 
  yeah , sure ... those islamists are totally inspired by left wing terrorism . 
  or far-left extremism in the 1970s/1980s .
