  worst thing is he 's not a troll , he 's just literally that stupid . 
  lol, 
  i think the differences between the two situations is pretty clear . 
  one represented a disruption in oil and gas supplies to western economies , but was not an actual existential threat . 
  pure economics motivated that decision , just as it is this one is for the west . 
  the eastern countries had no dog in the libya fight , nor in the horn of africa maritime patrols . 
  with the ukraine crisis , this is a neighbouring country that has potential to be an eu candidate . 
  the eastern countries are acting out of geopolitical/strategical considerations , but the west refuse to see it as their problem and are looking at it purely in the interests of short sighted self interested economics . 
  this is despite it eating away severely at the credibility of the eu , at the cohesion of the eu , and of numerous international laws ( npt , helsinki accord ( not technically a law , but close enough as to be indistinguishable ) , and so forth ) . 
  the east is taking a short , medium and long term view . 
  the west is purely short term . 
  it 's more than that , they 've been the ones most actively agitating for direct sanctions of russia . 
  alas , it 's pointless for them to do it on their own as two way trade is ( relatively ) negligible outside of energy , and it 's far too easy for russia to isolate them . 
  they simply do n't have the leverage to do anything on their own , as any of the bigger western countries have on their own . 
  it 's pretty fucking sad that czechia is threatening to cancel a contract to build russian nuclear plants in their country , the baltics have been agitating for a greater collective response ( despite they fact that they have sizeable trade links with russia ) , and poland is taking a leading role in calling for sanctions , whilst the west has drown a red line about economic sanctions because of economic interests with frances battleship contract , the uk protecting the city , and germany refusing the change the german-russian relationship from when it was first settled under merkel , all in all , the west is being show to be unable to stick to the principles it espouses so often , while he newer eu states which are often considered to be backward from a political perspective are the only ones trying to ensure international law is respected . 
  the western countries should frankly be fucking ashamed of themselves . 
  sorry guys , but i think it 's unfair to act as if poland is n't doing anything when it 's the one thats been calling for assistance in dealing with this as it does n't have the pull to manage something alone . 
  laughing at poland for not implementing sanctions is just sloppy thinking . 
  yah , which is super surprising given how big sweden is on soft diplomacy . 
  i think we have fundamentally different perspectives on german foreign policy . 
  you see it as a mediator . 
  i see it as isolationist ( with respect to outside europe ) and neglecting it 's international responsibilities as a great power . 
  haha , i guess it 's less acceptable to talk to germans about appeasement in a historical context than british , given they were the ones being appeased !, 
  but yes , i agree , they did go a bit too far with the brit-bashing in that respect . 
  amusing , but still pretty stupid . 
   but to single out the uk rather than the rest of the west now , to not acknowledge that poland also has not put any sanctions on russia , and to try and draw some cheap parallel with the uk in ww2 is obviously going to raise eyebrows . 
  i think the difference is that poland has been at the forefront of calling for sanctions and actions throughout the entire crisis , whereas britain , france , germany , have all been specifically drawing red lines about sterner measures . 
  poland is ( comparatively ) a small economy that has little two way trade with russia aside from energy and russian isolation of poland is an easy accomplishment . 
  the other countries are considerably less threatened and vulnerable to russia ( both economically and physically ) , yet they refuse to consider the possibility on the basis that it would harm their economic interests - frances contracts for battleships , for the uk it 's protecting the city , and for germany it 's merkel 's staunch refusal to change the relationship she established with moscow almost a decade ago . 
  yet poland is calling for sanctions , lithuania and latvia are invoking nato dialogues through art . 
  4 , and tiny czechia is saying there 's a good chance they 'll cancel the deal with russian firms over building nuclear reactors . 
  it 's a shitty situation , and frankly , quite embarrassing for the west . 
  my interpretation was more that / u/skypl was criticizing the whole appeasement/pussy-footing actions of the uk government , rather than specifically in relation to poland . 
  things like the sudetenland crisis , remilitariation of the rhine , and the lack of a franco-bef invasion of germany on the first of september ( where , according to all historical accounts , third rate troops and few assets like planes and tanks were stationed - it was basically wide open ) . 
  as to the difference between british and polish responses , the poles are calling constantly for increased pressure on russia whereas the west , those that had never been under the jackboot of the soviet union , and who are under no ( conventional ) existential threat , are more concerned with a temporary setback on the recovery from the gfc than with security matters . 
  and finally , i was relaying what my interpretation of the polish position on uk redditers here was , i was not arguing for that myself . 
  i 'm of the opinion that churchill did the utmost he could to try and keep the communists out of poland . 
  personally , i have no gripes about british conduct during the war , though chamberlain 's policy of appeasement sickens me much as the current european one does . 
  but i understand the frustration the poles must have felt ( who had just a few years prior suggested a joint invasion of germany with france , seeing the impending threat ) , and how given the historical-cultural context they relate that to the current situation . 
  you 're all heart . 
  i do n't know what this bullshit is , but it 's not as if you could cement anymore my opinion that you 're an intellectual nothing . 
  fortunately for you , your both old fashioned and wrong . 
  criticisms of wikipedia as a source are so 2007 . 
  are you fucking stupid ? 
  the most populous muslim country in the world is australia 's second closest neighbour . 
  the difference is mate , i lived in a multicultural country where i encountered muslims on a daily basis . 
  they were * nothing * like your descriptions of them , and all the statistics from australia bear that fact out . 
  your only experience with them is following sensationalist media and racist pundits . 
  does radio maria jump into the debate as well , or are they just happy telling old people who to vote for and trying to stem all social progress ? 
  your women ? 
  i knew you were sexist because you said women should n't have the right to vote , women are less intelligent than men , and women are less creative than men . 
  but i did n't know you also thought women were your property . 
  the causal factors there are more to do with social inequality , poorer access to social services , and casual racism , than because they 're muslim . 
  but regardless , you points are misinformed and stupid . 
  they 've integrated well in canada , new zealand , and australia . 
  what are you doing wrong where they 're not integrating well in europe ? 
  generalizing all muslim based on a few acts like that is akin to generalizing all europeans for skinhead violence . 
  absolutely , with you 100 %, 
  no , but british redditers are the ones most commonly against sanctions . 
  the genocideo f the canaanites ? 
  the foundation of israel ( and the plight of the palestinian people ) is partially built on religious grounds as well . 
  i do n't deny in the slightest that other countries are n't pulling their weight . 
  my only objection was your comment that seemed to blame sweden 's high refugee intake on outside agencies . 
  as i 've seen , very few poles are talking about declaring war on russia , or intervening militarily in ukraine . 
  but they 're asking for a response that shows russia that such aggression is not ok , and all they 're seeing from the west is cowardice and inaction and direct parallels to the appeasement and pussy-footing of the 1930s . 
  secondly , you 're acting as if russian money is what keeps the city of london afloat , it would be far from ruining the economy . 
  can you really claim that the western european response is adequate ? 
  they 've largely exhausted the diplomatic options . 
  the torah also says some not pleasant things about non-jews , kick the jews out of poland !, 
  honestly , i would be shocked if you 'd even actually met a muslim . 
  less than 10 % of those you take in are obligated under treaties , the rest you do voluntarily . 
  blaming the eu/un is a ridiculous thing to do . 
  i 'm not a woman . 
  typical sverigedemokraterna bullshit , you 're most certainly not obliged by un and eu treaties to take in that many . 
  there were extra places made last year specifically to let in a bunch of syrian refugees , migrationsverket had had a hiring freeze in place until last year when they began hiring like mad to try and manage . 
  what about buddhists ? 
  they also have no place ? 
  it 's funny , for the anarcho-capitalist you are , you seem to have some views very contrary to that only when it comes to people that are n't white . 
  gee , i bet those tartar communities in poland would have something to say about that you xenophobic git . 
  let 's be honest . 
  the soldiers did n't die to ` free ' poland . 
  they died for british strategic interests in europe , and even then did n't ` save ' poland . 
  i 've seen a number of historians agree that if the british and french moved in from the west as soon as the german army went east , germany would have lost . 
  but instead we had the phoney war and poland got pretty much zero military support from french-british governments whilst polish towns were being burnt in the onslaught . 
  following the war , polish soldiers were n't even allowed to march in the victory parade for fear that it would anger stalin . 
  the victory parade that had soldiers from all other allied countries , and poles were n't allowed . 
  and then 70 years later , you have newspaper articles about the crimewave that 's going to sweep the uk as soon as poland is a full member of schengen . 
  you see drunk brits on stag parties in krakow running around calling poles inbred ( something i 've personally witnessed ) and making a mess . 
  most of all , you see brits talk about how they ` fought to save poland ' ... as if it was that one single pure cause cause for declaring war on germany , and as if poland did n't experience some half a century under the soviet boot once the allies had said ` enough ' . 
  and now the poles are seeing the same kind of ` holier-than-thou ' attitude from the brits here , where the poles are firebrands agitating for supporting ukraine , on the misguided notions of honour ( after all , * why die for danzig ? 
  * ) whilst the calm , cool-headed brits talk down to them about how there should be no intervention , how it would be silly to halt the economic recovery through sanctions , and inaction over the matter full stop . 
  you see how they might be a bit pissed off at the brits ? 
  i 'm just saying this how i imagine the polish perspective to be , which i think i can broadly understand having lived in poland during my studies and learnt the language . 
  i 'm not saying their narrative is correct , [ i even disagreed with parts of it here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1zaj55/the_polish_president_just_spoke_like_lithuania/cfs2o9a ) , just thought it would be helpful . 
  there 's wiggleroom on the side of the ukrainians for denying the referrendum , on the basis that they need to do it to protect the tartar minority who is anti-russian state and would likely suffer greatly under russian rule . 
  russia has had an absolutely appalling record of dealing with minorities since the break-up of the su . 
  it 's a very ethnic-russian centered state , where if you 're not an ethnic russian you then you do n't deserve anything from the state . 
  i was n't referring to ww2 or anything like that , i 've been talking about the entire time of the merkel government as the moment germany lost it 's spine with regards to russia . 
  regardless , your comment was entirely inappropriate . 
  that seems like an extreme response .
