  ** or it was a known troll . 
  or reasons . 
  if you want ` free speech ' , try / r/european , yet even there they ban you under spurious pretexts because they do n't like you . 
  and out come the non sequiturs . 
  i provided you with a link ( recent ) showing they 're using more coal . 
  you have n't provided me with dick . 
  yeah ? 
  could you perhaps link me to such a comment debunking it ? 
  germany is a net-coal importer . 
  following the shut-down , they 've begun [ using 13 % more coal ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2014-06-19/rising-german-coal-use-imperils-european-emissions-deal.html ) over the last four years . 
  the greens were some of the most staunch proponents of an early shut down of the nuclear power plants , leading there to be a gap in production that was filled by coal . 
  they would not need to mine so much if they kept the nuclear power plants . 
  i 've told you many times before , i 'm not going to just read random links you give me with no context or explanation of their contents . 
  i 've told you before , i 'm not just going to read random links you send to me with zero context . 
  but even so , you linking to something else does n't change the fact that you misrepresented what was in the report you posted earlier . 
  you said the jobs would be lost . 
  they were n't going to be lost , people were going to change from their jobs to jobs with better conditions . 
  and stop editing your posts after i reply to them you dishonest gnat . 
  can thank the german greens for this . 
  i do n't see what that has to do with you misrepresenting the report . 
  nope , that 's the ` bad ' one . 
  the one that i 've disproven because it does n't say lost , it says changed due to pull factors ( ie : people move onto other jobs because they 're ` pulled ' towards them because of better pay , conditions , etc ) . 
  seriously , read the shit that you submit before submitting it . 
  as a warning , do n't get too involved with / u/christ0ph 's posts . 
  he 's [ known as a bit of a nutter ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2heim7/uk_governments_proposed_deregulation_bill_is/cksa01s ) . 
  the west can do something that 's not a provocation in russia 's eyes ? 
  i 'm sure google would jump at the chance to be a front runner in adding the functionality to draw accounts , prompting the others to do so as well . 
  eh , should n't be that difficult to create a checkbox that sends written emails the next morning instead . 
  is that what i wrote ? 
  you 've taken their ping pong , now take their economy !, 
  no , i was trying to demonstrate where their biases came from , not ` tarnish ' them somehow . 
  i 'm not obliged to do so . 
  the fact that this pdf does n't have a single positive thing to say about ceta is enough to demonstrate its bias , i do n't have to offer a counter-point . 
  i 've never questioned peoples motives , and nowhere in here have i spouted ` generalized drivel ' . 
  i also did n't say that left leaning think tanks ca n't have an intellectually honest view , i just pointed out the bias of this one . 
  but thanks for putting words in my mouth , it 's really charming . 
  i like your french , keep it up !, 
  congratulations , must be hard work . 
  i 'm not fighting hard for ceta . 
  in general , im trying to clarify people 's misconceptions about international negotiation procedures , how treaties are ratified , and so on . 
  i 'm also fighting people 's reactionary ` i 'm against this even though i do n't know what 's in it ' notions , and i 'm not opposed to isds because i 've seen numerous instances of political decisions interfering enforcing bullshit protectionism . 
  mostly , though , i fucking hate people linking to shitty sources and presenting them as unbiased , reasonable , takes on a subject when they 're far from it . 
  for the record , i wrote one of my masters theses on negotiations during doha ( particularly with respect to agriculture ) and did a 30 ects course on international negotiation which may better explain my interest in the subject . 
  maybe you could point it out ? 
  second , it 's not ` straw man bullshit ' , it 's a think tank principally funded by labour unions that are naturally opposed by ftas . 
  it 's indicating what bias they have . 
  yes . 
  fuck i 'm tired . 
  thanks . 
  if the icj determines that it 's a mixed competence , then yes , all 28 member states parliaments plus the ep have to sign off on it . 
  if they determine that it 's an eu exclusive competence then the 28 member states parliaments are n't involved in the process . 
  yeah ? 
  i do n't see anything egregious in what i said there , and i do n't see how it has been proven to be ` utter shill tripe ' unless you consider an analysis by a left-leaning ( ha ) think tank that 's been against the trade agreement nearly from the very start to be definitive proof of something . 
  and what possessed you to feel the need to reply to my comment three times ? 
  as i said , it 's awaiting a decision of the icj . 
  if the icj says it 's a mixed competence , then yes , all 28 national parliaments will have to ratify it as well . 
  if not , then it 's just the ec that needs to sign off on it . 
  i 'm not a ceta cheerleader , and if you actually had a look at the report you 'd see that that quote does n't appear anywhere in the content , just in the webpage linking to the actual pdf . 
  it 's before the ecj at the moment on whether the deal is a mixed competence , or purely eu competence . 
  if it turns out it 's purely the eu 's competence , it does n't matter . 
  germany wo n't have a say . 
  editorialized title , much ? 
  whoops , 5am redditing . 
   so you want spain to feed off catalonia 's resources against catalonia 's will ? 
  this happens in all countries regardless , there will always be poorer areas feeding off richer areas . 
  you do n't think the loss of a significant part of northern territory and a people that have had strong links for centuries would make the ruk reevaluate its place in the world and if it wants to be more or less part of europe ? 
  globalnews.ca is not a source . 
  please do n't link to it . 
   it was n't unfairly prejudicial ? 
  it was banning an additive in fuel . 
  it applies to every company . 
  theirs was the * only * company in canada to use the additive . 
  banning it meant less competition for canadian companies . 
   whoever said they can not sue ? 
  i did , in our conversation on sovereign immunity . 
   and domestic canadian companies were n't banned from using that additive ? 
  you are not making sense . 
  no domestic companies used it . 
  you 're mistaken , it 's absolutely based on law and anyone that 's ever read through isds submissions will tell you that . 
  secondly , it 's not before ` corporate arbitration court ' , but generally done either under the auspices of the world bank ( an organization controlled by states , not corporations ) and the un . 
   a government/legislative will refrain from passing beneficial laws for the people ( worker protection , environmental protection , banning outdated tech etc etc ) if there is a risk of corps suing because their profits are diminished . 
  more precisely , because of a perceived risk that a corp will see a chance that the arb court will decide in favor of their claimed diminished profits . 
  and , in case you are us citizen , you know how that one works , no ? 
  also not the case . 
  isds is used for things such as when foreign corporations are unfairly legislated against , or when a country expropriates a corporations assets . 
  it 's not a blanket ` it harms my profits , so we 'll sue ' . 
  introducing environmental/health laws * with strong scientific backing * will not be grounds to cause an isds case . 
  it was completely on topic . 
  / u/christ0ph is just a bit ... special . 
   because the majority of the people wanted it ? 
  we are also talking about foreign companies , but you forgot that , did n't you . 
  you do n't think canadians were invested into the company ? 
  that there were no people working for the company in canada ? 
  laws should n't just be put in place because the majority want it . 
  they should be put in place because they are * good * laws , effective laws , that do n't contravene rights and freedoms that people enjoy . 
   that law was n't what you claim it to be . 
  how do you mean ? 
   you are conflating issues . 
  i 'm not conflating issues . 
  i do n't think there should be a distinction between foreign and domestic companies , they should both be able to sue the government when they do wrong .
