  kazakhstan is already firmly under russia 's thumb , there 's no need for them to do so . 
  the thing about international relations theories is they 're only right 20 % of the time , and of that 20 % , half the time it takes some serious fuzzing to make the theory applicable . 
  do n't take international relations theories as absolute truths . 
   most economists and policy experts agree that the treaty will fail . 
  citation needed . 
  heard of the concept of agenda setting ? 
  i had a modicum of respect for you before , but when you just downvote and act snippy i see no point responding to your posts with civility in the future . 
  it 's clear you 're just an idealogue . 
  except the eu has been pushing for the ttip considerably more than the us did . 
  this narrative where the eu is some victim against the evil americans is really bizarre . 
  what you said was n't an argument . 
  i do n't see any logical connection , hence i do n't need to provide an argument . 
  and mate , i 've been civil with you the entire time , there 's no need to start downvoting me and getting snippy . 
  no it 's not . 
  i have n't made a point one way or another , i 'm just letting people know what kind of person submitted this article . 
  [ from op ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2fry0z/serious_racists_of_reddit_what_is_your/ckc6pbi ) :  i 'm extremely racist against scandinavian people . 
  muslims and scandinavians are the only groups of people i consider to be life unworthy of life . 
  i see just about every swede , dane , and norwegian as a spineless coward who 's betrayed their culture i 'm a traditional fascist , you may be more familiar with our nazi cousins . 
  their nationalism revolves around race , while our nationalism revolves around culture . 
  we demand cultural assimilation , not racial homogeneity . 
   i think scandis are the greatest failures when it comes to forcing immigrants to assimilate . 
  not only have they failed at the task , but out of all the pro-multicult countries , scandi countries are the worst offenders in promoting multiculturalism . 
  swedes especially . 
  in sweden there 's hardly any backlash to immigration . 
  they should be collectively punished for their failings . 
   i hate muslims too , but muslims are n't a race . 
  close enough for this topic though , right ? 
   i hate muslims because none of them have ever assimilated , and time and time again they 've shown a blatant disregard for the well being of the countries who have taken them in , women , and children . 
  these people openly bite the hand that feeds them , and then they mock us because most people are too afraid to fight back . 
  there needs to be a final solution to this muslim plague that has infested the western world . 
   i also hate immigrants that do n't assimilate , regardless of race , even the white ones . 
  but if an immigrant and their kids assimilate they 're fine in my books, 
  better to be in the ruling coalition and compromise , than remain ideologically pure and have no influence . 
  in a number of those countries , it 's prohibitively difficult to start new political parties to the point where almost only those that already have money can give it a shot . 
  restrictions such as needing over ten thousand nominations in a dozen different provinces , having starting finances of millions of euros , etc. 
  english native , polish effectively fluent , about as good as a foreigner could get swedish near fluent , but terribly out of practice . 
  `` oi , you !, 
  why do n't you go back to where you came from !? '' . 
  typical . 
  it 's not private justice . 
  it 's state sanctioned by the fact that the government approved it by ratifying the treaty . 
  also as uneducated as the one in europe . 
  you 're saying you want to live in a dictatorship , as long as they punish muslim extremists ? 
  they vote for the elected representatives , and then all 29 countries + the european parliament have to pass it through their national parliaments , ie : by whatever majority is required for a bill to become law . 
  the ` landslide ' is because it 's from a tory defector . 
  i do n't have ideological views . 
  and if every european knew that to be true , then it would n't be happening . 
  but given how you jumped with glee when a roma child was horrifically beaten up in a vigilante attack over a suspected ( not even confirmed ) crime , that 's unsurprising coming from you . 
   if a country decides to get out of nuclear energy or pork meat , it should not have to justify its decisions other than by `` we do n't like it '' . 
  they should if they want investors putting money into their economy . 
  what kind of bullshit is that , where a state can intentionally harm people for political reasons , not because of any actual need ? 
   just look at how switzerland turned out with its direct democracy . 
  it did not evolve into some idiocracy . 
  in fact it is one of the most advanced country of eu . 
  they 've banned minarets . 
  they 've screwed themselves on billions in research grants plus lost things like erasmus . 
   you know , the public is largely apathetic to this kind of issues because it is not asked its advice on the matter . 
  make people vote on it , and they 'll get more interested . 
  the public is largely apathetic because they 're apathetic , not because they 're not asked . 
  is that because i do n't think every black , asian , and arab person living in europe is automatically a third world migrant ? 
  do you know how many things that you eat/drink every single day are carcinogens ? 
  but that 's beside the point , because fracking chemicals are n't meant to get into the water table . 
  if a fracked oil well is hitting water , then it 's going to be pulling up water rather than oil , which means money lost for the producers . 
  on the subject of voters , politicians have considerably easier and better access to experts that can tell them if it 's a good thing . 
  but the public is usually too easily swayed by the first headline they read , such as ` fracking bad ' or ` ttip bad ' . 
  they are left general so as to be able to be decided by the tribunal . 
  these kinds of cases are n't simple `` ok , they 're wrong '' `` ok , they 're not wrong '' scenarios . 
  general terms allow leeway , but they 're understood within specific contexts and with a certain spirit in mind . 
  second , i do n't know why you see the world bank as some kind of evil institution , and again - it does n't have to go through the world bank icsid way . 
  on the subject of a referendum - do you really think most of the public is educated enough to understand the nuances of such a bill , or that even one in half a million would bother to read it before voting ? 
  you know fracking is done in more countries than just the us right ? 
  fracking has been in use for over 60 years and over half of the worlds oil and gas comes from fracked wells . 
  it 's only recently , since the release of the ` documentary ' gasland , that people have really started to become upset about it - and the worst thing is that gasland was found to be full of errors and misleading statements . 
  but as to the tests - yes !, 
  you can do tests as part of the preparation for the tribunal , which they give you a reasonable time to conduct it with . 
  they did such with the hormone case that the us brought against the eu in the wto . 
  but fracking is pretty much the same safety level as conventional drilling . 
  good trolls do n't just say provocative things , they try and be subtle enough to elicit a serious response . 
  you fail at that . 
  i 'm not guessing what 's inside , i did n't speculate at all on that . 
  on the issue of ` reasonable level of scientific evidence ' , it 's generally scientific consensus taking in studies from both countries to into account . 
  most companies have actually released the liquids in their fracking compositions , and they 're been determined to be safe . 
  the state does n't just allow people to chuck whatever they want into the ground , these things have to be approved first . 
  i ca n't see any situation where your example would ever find itself in play , but courts have been dealing with phrases like ` bad faith ' for decades and it has n't caused the collapse of society . 
  i did n't make any comment on the benefits of free trade , just about the negotiation process and isds . 
  actually , isds tribunals can generally take place in the icsid or uncitral , but other mechanisms can also be created . 
  the provisions contained for isds can be determined by the parties as well , so until we see the details it 's a bit silly to be all ` doom-and-gloom ' . 
  i 've never seen the eu cave into us demands in the past ( one need only look at boeing-airbus , steel tariffs , hormone treated meat , gm , etc to see that ) , so i do n't know why they 'd do things that would harm europe . 
  icsid is run by the wb , but it only goes to tribunals there if the complainant so wishes . 
  and it 's not above national sovereignty , because the country signed the treaty for it to happen . 
  either signed treaties are against national sovereignty , or isds is n't . 
  alas , not very funny . 
  yeah , i 've read through the ip part , it was just general principles , none of which seemed to go against the public interest or were egregious in the slightest . 
  i also disagree that they should n't be secret , i wrote a post [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2ewgn3/lets_have_a_discussion_about_the_ttip/ ) about it if you want to check it out . 
  maybe it will change your mind . 
  as far as i 'm aware , the details of any proposed isds provisions have n't been linked yet . 
  could you please link me to it ? 
  it already is the norm . 
  they have it in the wto . 
  they have it in the energy charter treaty .
