  there is a contradiction between that iranian government wants him tortured/dead and that he 's innocent . 
  i 'm sorry , i 'm not going to just take your word for it over that of the article . 
  but if you have swedish links from respectable media outlets , i can read that . 
  i do n't turn a blind eye towards any facts . 
  what 's interesting is that , despite me being 100 % correct in my post , it 's at 19-14 . 
  mate , the only information i 'm going off is that article you linked to . 
  there , it does n't say anything about it only being his own words . 
  but the fact that someone at the unhcr gave him refugee status kind of lends credence to his claim . 
  if you 'd bothered reading the entire conversation chain , you 'd see what i meant . 
  even a quick glance online shows that i 'm still correct in my assertion . 
  i was trying to lend weight to the fact that i knew what i was talking about , and not to say i was supreme authority on the subject . 
  / u/doctomoe still has n't said shit to prove me wrong . 
  living in sweden for two years , i feel kind of embarassed i 've never been . 
  maybe i 'll go next week when i 'm there for a wedding . 
  i 've had a number in germany , none compared . 
  i 'm always keen to find better though !, 
  although i do n't think jean-marie le pen would mind too much if it was . 
  i 've had kebabs all over europe , but so far i still love the kebabs i had back home in australia the most . 
  i 've been to a number of places that are meant to be `` the best in [ city ] '' , but they 've never compared . 
  putin is , by pretty much every conceivable measure , an autocrat . 
  this is not a surprise to anyone that has studied russia on some level . 
   no , why do you think that ? 
  because i found it unlikely that sweden would , as the article claimed , fly them back to iran when there was a legitimate fear that they would be persecuted . 
  yeah , pleasant day to you as well, 
  i took a masters level course on the subject of international treaties , i understand the concepts and can clearly see how youre trying to cover your arse over how youre wrong, 
  well , you sure proved me wrong by giving me a bibliography reference ( not even to the page ! ) . 
  well done . 
  the only one that seems to have no idea of how the law works here is you . 
  there is fundamentally no difference between a treaty and a convention in this context . 
  i explained how these become national law above . 
  no one here has brought up international law or fanciful methods of enforcing such a concept here but you . 
  if thr only thing you read is reddit , then mexico certainly srrms like it has gone to the dogs and is almost in a civil war . 
  thats not the facts on the ground , though, 
  of course there is . 
  un laws are treaties sponsored by and creatrd in the un which are ratified by those members that choose to do so , enshrining it as national law in those coubtries, 
  wait , this guy has been designated a legitimate refugee by the unhcr , and managed to make his way to sweden where he made a life for himself , but because the swedish government wants him to apply for residency from outside of sweden , they 're going to fly him back to iran where he 's likely to be tortured/killed ? 
  if i read the situation correctly , then it 's absolutely right that human rights groups campaigned to stop his deportation . 
  it seems most likely that there was an error in the swedish system somewhere , and his claim should 've been reassessed . 
  well , on that note , i knew someone that used to be a high-level messenger/negotiator for the ltte that had the authorization to communicate and negotiate with the sri lankan government whilst he and i were both studying together in sweden a few years ago . 
  he wanted to get asylum in sweden , but due to being a member of a ` terrorist ' organization , he was unable to . 
  it 's beyond question that he did n't commit any violence , but just because the ltte is officially listed as a terrorist organization and even though he was working for an amicable solution to the sri lankan-tamil crisis , he was not allowed to claim asylum . 
  there are many grey areas in this stuff . 
  again , i do n't know anything about this iranian guy so i ca n't comment on his situation . 
  but it 's never quite so black and white , and i think claims should be individually assessed , and not blanket assessments of ` he belonged to this group , so he should n't be allowed to stay ' . 
  wanted war criminal , in the sense that he was fighting the iranian regime , and they labelled him as such ? 
  or some other way ? 
  i do n't know his name , so i ca n't look him up and check myself , but i would n't automatically assume someone that china , or the central asian countries , or north korea labels a terrorist * is actually * a terrorist . 
  looking through your history , you 're either a bad troll , or a bad stormfronter . 
  well are n't you just a bastion of reasoned debate . 
  us and russian finances are incomparable . 
  well , it 's true . 
  and you 're likely to continue hearing it for the next few years until russia collapses . 
  they already had to raid private pension funds to cover short falls in their budget deficit , micex is crashing , and their foreign exchange and gold reserves are dropping as they try and prop up the ruble . 
   we recently had people protest the expulsion of a guerilla soldier who faught the iranian government . 
  sweden should not protect wanted criminals . 
  why do you define this person as a criminal ? 
  the western world is ideologically opposed to the iranian regime , as they are to the north korean . 
  i think you guys tend to be doing pretty well on that front . 
  sfi is a program that should be imitated all over the world . 
  immigrants are also some of the largest starters of new businesses . 
  regardless , no one said they had to be permanent refugees , there are plenty of temporary protection visas granted all over the world to people fleeing war who have a chance to return after a few years . 
  i 'm showing that it 's not a choice between immigration , and housing . 
  the housing situation can be alleviated without reducing the intake of people fleeing war . 
   the truth is the household debt of sweden is rising and this is mostly because of housing shortage . 
  by taking in more immigrants the household debt will rise which will lead to a segrigated class society - something that is terrible for everyone . 
  the housing shortage is a reflection of government regulation of the housing sector , and not one on immigrants . 
  i will , thanks . 
  well , no , you ca n't , because they have to be treated according to the un convention governing refugees . 
  yes , they ca n't do that because mexico is n't a war-torn devastated country . 
  mexico did n't just experience massive social upheaval in the last few decades . 
  regardless , in the us they just grant blanket amnesty to all mexicans within the us every decade or so and naturalize them . 
  it comes out to about the same thing . 
  to that level or degree . 
  so in this case , he 's at the professional level where he is fully qualified for the job . 
  seriously dude , you have the width and breadth of the entirety of human knowledge at your finger tips , but you decide to ask here ? 
  it 's not an eu issue , it 's a law that was devised by the un , and ratified by the overwhelming majority of countries in the world . 
  running into the country and requesting asylum are legal means , ever since most countries signed the un convention on refugees edit : ah , i see you do n't give a shit about facts , you just want to downvote people who give them and continue hating immigrants . 
  yep , asylum laws . 
  as soon as they hit the soil of their target country , they can claim political asylum and by un law they are allowed to stay in the country while the claim is processed . 
  i do n't know about european numbers , but in australia , depending on the year , over 80 % + of people that make it are found to be genuine refugees in need of asylum . 
  extremely , and he 's a commensurate professional . 
  europe would be extremely well served by having him take ashton 's job . 
  that 's hardly the case , the gas deal with china was smaller than germany 's alone , and russia is already in dire financial straits and needs every penny . 
  no , it 's un laws . 
  nope , even within russian political and social though , theres much evifence that thats not the case, 
  generally , i find there are one or two that are not anti-immigrant arguing with 10 that are anti-immigrant , though the upvotes are on the side of the one or two . 
  not deleted by you , but by the moderators . 
  because it * was * a racist comment against arabs , you spelled out what you meant by an earlier less explicit reply . 
  ehm , european use of russian gas has dropped from over 40 % of total a decade ago , to around 25 % now . 
  it has perhaps reiterated the importance of ending europe 's reliance on russian gas , but it did n't start it . 
  i think turkey is in a similar position as russia , they 're neither european , not asian . 
  at times , they 've both swung more towards one side than the other . 
   man you really are such a nice person ... 
  i 'm a fantastic person , a real pleasure to be around . 
  no one has suggested opening the borders to everyone . 
  just being compassionate to people fleeing war-torn countries . 
  you 're making semantic arguments about race based off of 19th century definitions drawn from scientific racism . 
  it 's a way of derailing the debate , as it has nothing to do with modern definitions . 
  you should stop doing that . 
   never judge a person on their opinions just on their skin colour , right ?
