  i do n't think that 's true , necessarily . 
  people 's stance on the eu is n't just pro or anti , there are spectrums . 
  there are people that dislike the cap ( many people ) , there are people that dislike the euro , there are people that dislike this or that . 
  on many topics you can find common ground , and i think that your main problem seems to be that you view it as a combative manner rather than a discussion . 
  if you view it as a discussion , you easily fit within / r/europe . 
  if you view it as combative , then i fear in 6 months ( assuming the success of your sub , i wish it will ) will be the way srs and mra argue constantly , bitch about brigading , and the like . 
  the ` combative ' mentality of many eurosceptics if what people find most jarring in this sub , not the arguments themselves . 
  yep , concur . 
  good riddance . 
  the french demanded that clauses protecting the french film industry be put into the agreement . 
  i 'm not sure it 's so much that he ` avoided serious answers ' , and more ` what can really be said about a grand system in a short interview ? ' . 
  i think brand just recognizes that there are many problems that need to be addressed in the current system , and that requires smarter heads than his to find those solutions . 
  my pet theory is that the majority of the problem is demographic . 
  the generation after the baby boomers is currently coming into political maturity , but they 're vastly outnumbered by the baby boomer generation meaning they ca n't get ` the voice of the generation ' into politics because the older generation will always outvote them ( more of them , plus living longer ) . 
  contemporary democracy is n't set up to deal with boom and bust cycles of population growth . 
  to deal with this , you 'd need a massive overhaul of the system that i do n't think western society is capable of , so the problem will just be smoothed over . 
  a very simplified view of the matter , of course , but something to mull over . 
  and the president !, 
  freer trade is great , and i support the increase in ftas . 
  but there are many problems with them , they should never be considered as an absolute good or not open to abuse . 
  take the boeing-airbus spat . 
  in '92 the us unilaterally withdrew from an agreement with the eu on how to handle large civil aircraft ( lca ) trade and subsidisation , an agreement that was supposed to stabilise market share for the respective aircraft manufacturers . 
  airbus had been slowly taking on market share up to 92 ( and beyond ) to the point that the us decided that liberalized trade was n't in their interest and cancelled the deal . 
  a short time later , the uruguay round went into effect creating the wto which prompted the us to take the eu to court for illegal lca subsidies on multiple occasions ( the eu always countersued , pretty much a day later - it seems they always were prepared but never wanted to take the first shot ) . 
  both eventually won parts of their cases , and the process repeated a couple of times . 
  wto laws when it comes to dispute resolution require an outcome in a relatively short time ( around 12-18 months is the longest it can take , depending on appeal , if i recall correctly - forgive me , i 'm not at home so do n't have access to all my old notes ) . 
  the complexity involved in the case made the short timeframe woefully insufficient for full comprehension to deal with the myriad claims involved , it was a good old fashioned exercise in flinging shit at the wall and seeing what sticks . 
  i browsed through one of the documents that involved suggestions and recommendations from supporting wto members , and it was more than a thousand pages of disjointed legalese full of advising member opinion , notes , etc. 
  the problem on the side of the eu was , though , that the pentagon pretty much implicitly subsidized boeing which the eu could n't do with eads ( airbus ' parent company ) due to the different way that military procurement occurs in the two areas . 
  this was particularly evident with the mid air refuelling aircraft contract that was started in the early 2000s , worth about a hundred billion dollars . 
  boeing initially won the deal , but an ethics scandal involving boeing bigwigs and air force personal scuppered the deal . 
  following a renewed round of bidding , eads won the contract to work together with an american company , northrop-grumman , with the major winning factor being increased fuel capacity . 
  analysts said that eads was the clear winner . 
  boeing immediately launched a massive public relations and lobbying campaign about american jobs , and sent a number of protest points to the us government calling for a re-tender . 
  this was eventually accepted , and this time northrop-grumman pulled out of the partnership for the bidding ( interestingly , the timing coincided with a change of leadership in northropp-grumman ) . 
  eads soon followed suit , claiming that the new terms of the tender were designed to clearly favour boeing by having the planes be smaller . 
  most industry analysts were shocked by the decision , and following a meeting between sarkozy and obama , the tender offer was extended by 60 days . 
  eads once again lost , and did n't contest because they said it was clear that there was overwhelming political pressure to award the contract to boeing , as well as flagrant institutional bias towards that outcome . 
  winning the original bid due to fuel capacity , but then losing because they wanted smaller planes ? 
  does n't seem to make a great deal of sense . 
  then there 's the frequent steel trade spats the eu has had with the us . 
  the eu has taken the us to court multiple times on the issue of steel , beginning in 2000 when they found that the us was unfairly distributing proceeds from countervailing tariffs to companies that filed the claims in the first place , effectively subsidizing the us steel industry . 
  the eu won on this occasion ... and the next , and the next , and the next , all to do with how the us calculated those countervailing duties and distributed them to steel companies . 
  in 2002 , when bush jr was seeking to get a vote passed in congress to fast track the signing of ftas ( ha !, 
  ) , he imposed illegal tariffs on steel of 30 % to help out a few wavering congressmen ( the us steel industry had been ailing for some time ) . 
  the eu took them to court , after imposing illegal tariffs on steel in retaliation themselves , and won of course . 
  but for more than a year those tariffs were in effect , and bush jr won the vote in congress by one . 
  and that 's just on some of the shady actions governments take on this stuff . 
  unilaterally withdrawing suddenly , favouring domestic companies , illegally imposing tariffs . 
  the us can do that because it 's one of the world largest economies . 
  imagine if they acted like that with respect to ghana or papua new guinea , they would n't have a chance . 
  as part of a larger trading bloc , however , they have far more leverage and capability to withstand bullying . 
  it 's one of the reasons i 'm so big a supporter of the eu . 
  with the seeming death of the doha round ( it 's alive , but there 's no political will to spend on pushing it through ) , you need to be a big fish or you can be eaten by one at any time . 
  ( on tablet , sorry for poor formatting/spelling/whatever ), 
  i was certain it was right , but after rereading the sentence a dozen times i 'm confused as hell . 
  it 's like with the word irony . 
  i always knew what the word meant until everyone started being confused , and now i do n't know what to think anymore . 
   nothing is forcing them to actually change policies , leaving the other country with only 1 recourse , to introduce similar trade policies that the non-complacent country implemented on them . 
  not exactly . 
  they can impose countervailing duties on goods from the country up to the cost incurred by the policy breaking the rules . 
  that cost , however , is very difficult to determine . 
  otherwise , i agree with everything you wrote . 
  for one , if the euro becomes the reserve currency then eu countries would get access to nearly unlimited cheap loans . 
  no , what i 'm saying is that you gave off a description of only the ` good ' parts of the right side and only the ` bad ' parts of the left side . 
  this is a very biased opinion . 
  i could go the other way and say ` generally , the right like to cut services , privatize everything ( and usually for less than it 's worth to some kind of party backers/friends ) , and go into needless wars ' . 
  no , the problem is that you do n't argue from any particular methodological standpoint , you argue from vague notions and feelings . 
  when i argue about the cap , i attribute sources to my facts and statistics and link them into a tight narrative . 
  when you argue conspiracy theory ` eu has been hijacked , theyre trying to make everyone super poor ' nonsense , you do n't put up any facts as proof , and the few examples you give are hardly rigorous enough lend support so such vast claims . 
  [ this post in particular is a very bad example of that ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1p2s7q/why_is_this_subreddit_way_more_proeu_than_real/ccyl89c ), 
  because that 's the default narrative on reddit , and perhaps it would be more beneficial for all involved to see the other side as well ? 
  llanita did n't seem to be equating ` idealism ' with the whole business of taxation , services , and welfare . 
  he/she seemed to be equating it with ` thinking this whole eu thing just might work if we try hard enough ' . 
  you really think that the problems greece had was based on ` banks advising greece to take on loans ' , rather than a years of a crappy governance on the side of the greeks , a society that raised taxation avoidance to an art-form , and a massively bloated public sector ? 
  if so , how did these banks ` advise ' greece to take on more debt , and why did n't any greek government economic and fiscal advisers advise them to stop it ? 
  your second example is rather garbled , perhaps you 'd care to expand on it so there 'd be some substance ? 
  i 'm sorry , but everything that you 're writing right now seems like poorly thought out , near conspiracy-theory , balderdash . 
  can you provide any kind of course that would instill the slightest sense of credence to your claims ? 
  it depends . 
  the people on / r/europe are n't of the stereotypical ` idealistic ' age . 
  two thirds are over 21 . 
  now , a 15 to a 21 , even 22 , year old i could easily see as being idealistic . 
  but it certainly gets harder to make that generalization above that age , and it 's above that range that llanita seems to be referring to when speaking of ` youths ' . 
  i distrust the eu . 
  the eu is hijacked project , currently a high level corruption scheme cannibalizing itself . 
  it will eat up it 's member states until the wealth is concentrated on a tiny percentage elite . 
  think of the social progress we had in the middle ages . 
  because that 's where we 're heading . 
  bring on the downvotes , just for having spoken against to complete lack of heading and respect between eu members . 
  this is exactly the kind of stuff i hate seeing from the euroskeptic crowd in / r/europe . 
  none of what he/she wrote answers the question of ` why is / r/europe more pro-eu than anti-eu ' , and beyond that it 's shallow , meaningless rhetoric that got upvoted either because the anti-eu crowd jumps on every occasion to upvote someone that 's also anti-eu , or because it seems to offer a counterpoint to the traditional / r/europe narrative . 
  i 'm tending towards the former . 
  this does n't answer the question in any way at all , is shallow as hell with no actual arguments to back it , and yet as it stands it 's right now at 9-0 . 
  euroskeptics , bring your a-game for christs sake . 
  stay on argument , do n't upvote stuff just because it suits your view , especially if it 's irrelevant to the question , and do n't rely on crappy populist rhetoric completely lacking in substance . 
  maybe then the europhiles on / r/europe might be more willing to engage with you . 
  but , sadly , i rarely see any kind of decent euroskeptic argumentation on / r/europe , and when i do it 's usually by some super-smug brit whose posts are dripping with disrespect and condescension , a tone i 've admittedly been guilty of in the past . 
  it 's on all of us to raise the standard of debate here . 
  this is the most worrying thing for me with the whole prism/nsa scandal .
