   italy has quite a few problems of its own relating to economic issues , lack of jobs , integration of existing migrants , etc. 
  as does western europe at large . 
  this is an existential-level issue , as it pertains to the stability of the nation itself . 
  these concerns naturally supersede most others , and certainly supersede the interests of migrants sailing out of north africa . 
  i do n't know where you got the idea that i was suggesting that everyone that is rescued instantly gets to live in italy . 
  those that are found to be genuine refugees should be given temporary ( or permanent ) protection visas , as required . 
  those that are n't should be deported . 
  regardless , i do n't see how you find this to be such a big issue when countries such as jordan , lebanon , pakistan , and literally dozens of other have disproportionally more refugees in their territory than the eu does . 
  simply put , your entire framing of the issue is incorrect . 
  art 98 of the unclos , section on the laws governing the ` high seas '' :  every coastal state shall promote the establishment , operation and maintenance of an adequate and effective search and rescue service regarding safety on and over the sea and , where circumstances so require , by way of mutual regional arrangements cooperate with neighbouring states for this purpose given the number of ` troubled ' vessels , adequate and effective s&r would imply the continuance of the current program . 
  regardless , this whole thing is just a political stunt to try and get more assistance ( and rightly so ) . 
  thailand did n't ratify the refugee convention , italy did . 
  conventions are national laws . 
  once a un convention is ratified , it is put into the national law of ratifying countries . 
  under the vienna convention governing treaties , a country ca n't unilaterally withdraw from a treaty without the circumstances being drastically changed . 
  given that this situation is precisely what the refugee convention is there to take care of , there ca n't be an argument that the situation is radically different . 
  libya and tunisia have enough troubles domestically that they can be forgiven for not being able to keep up with the current problems . 
  i 'm going to need a source from you that they 're frequently effecting sea rescue of their own nationals , and not others , because that runs completely contrary to what i 've read . 
  as to your final comment , i do n't know what to say except that you 're wrong , as you have been throughout . 
  ok , so how is the eu supposed to help out ? 
  the eu has no ships . 
  it ca n't force other countries to send ships . 
  it ca n't force countries to take more asylum seekers . 
  what is it you want the eu to do ? 
  no , in marine practice , the nations that have the ability within the region are the ones that are supposed to do it . 
  libya and tunisia do not have the resources nor the ability to do it within their water , so the duty falls to countries like italy or greece to help out . 
  as to your claims about the closest port , that depends on whether they 're allowed entry or not . 
  if they 're allowed entry , then great , take them there provided correct procedures are followed . 
  if not then they 're going to have to be taken to home soil where they can make a claim for asylum seeker status . 
  i 'd be very interested in knowing how you think this is the eu 's fault . 
  article 98 is from the section under ` high seas ' , so it 's pretty clear that this is something that applies beyond merely territorial waters , or even the eez . 
  you missed the second part i see . 
  most people that argue about drownings and sea do n't actually care about asylum seekers , they just do n't want them coming . 
  as to why they might not be able to fly , they may have no passport or no ability to get a passport . 
  well , yeah , y' kinda do under the unclos  every state shall require the master of a ship flying its flag , in so far as he can do so without serious danger to the ship , the crew or the passengers :  ( a ) to render assistance to any person found at sea in danger of being lost ;  ( b ) to proceed with all possible speed to the rescue of persons in distress , if informed of their need of assistance , in so far as such action may reasonably be expected of him ;  ( c ) after a collision , to render assistance to the other ship , its crew and its passengers and , where possible , to inform the other ship of the name of his own ship , its port of registry and the nearest port at which it will call . 
  and then  every coastal state shall promote the establishment , operation and maintenance of an adequate and effective search and rescue service regarding safety on and over the sea and , where circumstances so require , by way of mutual regional arrangements cooperate with neighbouring states for this purpose, 
  except , y' know , the law . 
  i 'm not arguing from the point of view of what 's ok and what 's not . 
  it 's a matter of what the law is . 
  and the asylum seekers will claim to be a french/italian/what-have-you boat ... jesus , think for a second about the solutions you propose and the evident problems with them , instead of just being a dick . 
  then there are the other problems , like when they are ` too slow ' to make it to a boat and it turns out that boat was a french/spanish/what-have-you fishing vessel instead . 
  yes it is , according to their ratification of the unclos . 
  if they choose to stop doing it , then it 's going to cause great problems for them as their unilateral withdrawal from the treaty also makes their territorial waters no longer automatically recognized by the rest of the international community , amongst many other problems . 
  i 'll say something that 's probably unpopular here , but what-the-hey . 
  i used to be like most of you , and think it should be legal but regulated . 
  now i 'm a big supporter of the swedish-norwegian model . 
  it protects the prostitutes , who in many cases are severely disadvantaged people ( men and women ) that would choose to do another line of work but get stuck . 
  why do i think this ? 
  a few years back i was in frankfurt and myself and an american ladyfriend decided to check out one of the brothels , just for shits and giggles . 
  on the third place we tried , we managed to get in by pretending to be a couple looking for something kinky on our anniversary . 
  went up the stairs , and it was about three levels of a single long corridor on each level , room after room with gaudy pink lighting . 
  in a few of the rooms , there were women standing in the doorways waiting for a client , most of which were smoking , but all of which had dead , impassive eyes of someone that was either on drugs , or wished they were , or at the very least were blocking out memories of prior nights and trying to prevent memories forming of that one . 
  the entire place reminded me of a battery farm , but for people . 
  simply put , i do n't think it in any way supported principles of human dignity , nor do i think these women would have been there if they had another choice . 
  they were women that fell through the cracks of society , could n't get out , and were stuck . 
  now , i 'm sure there are some high-priced ` escorts ' that are happy doing what they 're doing , with the money and benefits they get , and so on . 
  and the swedish-norwegian system pretty much ensures that people can continue doing that if they choose . 
  but what i saw in germany struck me to my core , and whilst i already knew i never wanted to pay for sex , this experience just reinforced that feeling a thousand-fold . 
  perhaps there 's a good way of doing legalized prostitution , but i have n't seen it yet , and so i remain wary of the current methods . 
  why would you change it to us first ? 
  are n't you then paying for the exchange twice ? 
  yep . 
  first , i 'm not an ` open borders ' type . 
  i fully support deporting illegal immigrants . 
  what i am , is a legalistic type , and under the law everything i 've explained is the case . 
  if you 're too stupid to understand that ( and given past interactions , i very much suspect that you are ) , then i do n't see any further point in discussing this with you . 
  i was wondering when you 'd crawl out of the woodwork . 
  in italy , in 2013 , [ 73 % were found to be genuine refugees ] ( http://news.panorama.it/cronaca/immigrati-clandestini-lampedusa ) so as is time honoured tradition with you , you 're talking shit that has no bearing on reality when you say most of them are economic migrants . 
  second , they did n't enter the country illegally , they entered through unofficial channels to claim a legal right of theirs . 
  they 're not ` illegal migrants ' , rather they are ` asylum seekers ' - an entirely different categorization . 
  for them to be illegal migrants , they 'd have to have been designated as such by the relevant authorities , and that can not happen if they are claiming asylum status . 
  it 's funny how people think downvoting you makes you less right, 
  jesus , you 're an angry one, 
  no mate , you are wrong . 
  i 've explained why , and i have no intention of running around in circles explaining it to you again . 
  no , they 're not . 
  if they intend to live there without applying for asylum , they 're illegal immigrants . 
  if they plan on applying for asylum , they 're asylum seekers . 
  i feel like i 've explained this to you a number of times already . 
  just accept that you 're wrong , and move on . 
  also , how about following reddiquette and not downvoting people you disagree with ? 
  no , they 're illegal immigrants if they plan on living in europe without claiming asylum , or having some kind of applicable and valid visa . 
  you think they 're beating people to death with nvgs ? 
  no , they are illegal immigrants if they get to europe and do n't claim asylum . 
  if they 're still trying to claim asylum , they are asylum seekers , during which once they apply for it on european soil , they have to be protected by the state and be able to live there until their application is processed . 
  if this is accepted , and they are determined to be in need of asylum , they are refugees . 
  if they are just people living in the country that are not claiming asylum , such as non-american mexicans in the us , or the tens of thousands of europeans that overstay their visas in australia and work in the shadow economy , then they are illegal immigrants . 
  no , they 're not illegal immigrants unless they do n't apply for asylum when they get to the country . 
  dis gon na be gud . 
  pretty much australia . 
  we were terrible to those greenlanders ... er aborigines . 
  and i see you give little concern to the tartar people who have historically been terribly oppressed by russia , let alone that recent assurances to them about representation have also been broken ? 
  lol . 
  what a well thought out and nuanced view you have . 
  i 'm sorry , but you 're wrong . 
  lng demand across the world is voracious , particularly in south east asia where they gobble up everything that 's offered . 
  energy has nothing to do with it . 
  as to ` surrounded by nato and us bases ... no . 
  china is most assuredly not a nato base , the bases in central asia are slowly being closed or made smaller , and most importantly - the bases are defensive in nature , not offensive ( as per nato articles ) . 
  russia , on the other hand , has flagrantly violated a number of international laws and norms , has invaded and annexed parts of sovereign countries , and only operates in a hardcore realist fashion , necessitating the need for a strong western response ( as that is all it understands ) , and not more of this waffling that 's currently going on .
