  you have * ridiculous * and * unachievable * standards for ministers of countries . 
  still not seeing the problem . 
  do you think politicians are ubermensch that do n't swear ? 
  not really seeing what 's wrong with the blowjob comment . 
  you do n't even read his posts . 
  the guy is one of the few that genuinely cares about this community , and wants it to be high quality . 
  shitposters are a natural enemy . 
  i do n't like that they 're state-interventionists in the economic sense , that think they have a monopoly on what defines someone as ` polish ' ( considerably beyond mere citizenship ) , that they 're filled with conspiracy theorists , and that they 're so heavily influenced by the church . 
  much worse than po . 
  considerably better than pis . 
  pis is super shitty though . 
  i would suggest that it was criticizing quotas in general , in which case it is reactionary - it wants to go back to a time when there were no quotas . 
  enlighten me how i used it incorrectly then . 
  as was pointed out elsewhere , universities do n't really have gender-discriminating quotas in the first place . 
  it was a comment made just to bitch about feminism . 
  atomickoala gave a decent answer above . 
  but the poster i replied to was using their statement to undermine the need for quotas and the like for women in general , despite the many areas they 're needed . 
  typical reactionary comment that has no understanding of the situation . 
  deficit is n't necessarily bad , if you get more out of the deficit spending than you have to repay then you 've won . 
  it happens , no harm done . 
  that 's not legislating in the public interest , that 's legislating in the interests of the governing party , or of populist politicians . 
  if something is legitimately in the public interest ( such as non-discriminatory genuine public or environmental legislation ) then the government will win . 
  anyway , one of the main reasons for isds is that it deescalates disputes from the state-state level , where much more damage can be done , to the investor state level . 
  i mean , an investor needs to seek state backing in state-state discrimination , something which may not be politically feasible . 
   i do n't think isds is in inherently bad i think that it 's unnecessary . 
  hungary is teetering on the edge of losing its separation of powers . 
  us politicians frequently implemented laws in state and federal legislature that discriminates against foreign business ( such as the buy american provision ) . 
  i think if you did a study of * succesful * isds cases , you 'd see why it 's necessary . 
  yes , sweden respecting the refugee convention caused those people to become refugees , not wars in their home countries . 
  i struggled through the book in swedish . 
  even for me as someone that only ever learned up to b2 , the 100 year old man was hilarious . 
  they hate ttip , for many that 's enough . 
   the trumpet call played every day at noon from the st. mary 's church tower at the market square in krak\u00f3w has it changed recently ? 
  i thought it was done every hour . 
  the eus pse ( basically how much of a farms income comes from subsidies ) is twice the uss, 
  the only relevant proceedings i could find in the hague related to vodka was over [ a brand dispute between the netherlands and russia ] ( http://www.klosmorel.com/_images/uploads/supreme_court_famous_vodka_trademarks_belong_to_russia.pdf ), 
  how i read the question , was that it was asking no basically how iter would be scientifically relevant beyond fusion . 
  that is , what tangible benefits could come out of it . 
  perhaps / u/boq could comment , i know he 's extremely knowledgable on the subject . 
  hi andrew , given your expertise and position , i 'm hoping you can provide some clarity on the green position on iter . 
  the egp has repeatedly called for the defunding of iter on the grounds that it 's a white elephant and the money allocated towards it could be better spent elsewhere . 
  it seems that they 've completely neglected the arguments for it beyond the promise of possible future fusion power , namely the decades of various scientific experiments already queued for the facility , the advancements in precision and high stress engineering , and ensuring that europe is at the forefront of both disciplines ( science and engineering ) . 
  is it not time for green parties across the globe to drop ( what is in my opinion ) their simplistic opposition to fusion power research , and nuclear research in general , given some of the promise shown in 4g nuclear reactors proposals and beyond ? 
  gorbachevs rejection of the brezhnev doctrine and his staunch refusal to use force against protestors is largely the reason for this . 
  til an agreement being public for over a year before being voted on by 28 member states and the ep is not enough time and not democratic enough . 
  how is it that ? 
  they might , but i do n't think this century . 
  their gdp/capita is about a third of the eus ( let alone the richer states ) , and i ca n't seem them managing that as each global ( and internal ) crisis hits them . 
  and how are you going to force them ? 
  it seems there are two options , become like the rich countries in the arab gulf , or accept refugees ourselves . 
  and a dog !, 
  i actually know a few vietnamese and nigerian poles ( born and raised ) . 
  i realise they 're the minority , but not one of them is a libertarian , nor do they support jkm . 
  he 's basically ayn rand with more messed up opinions . 
  his primary demographic is crazy libertarians , who typically tend to be young white males with poor social skills and life experience . 
  can you substantiate this claim ? 
  ttip is bigger than any of the gatt rounds?the amount of garbage people spout ... 
  it 's terrible . 
  some people i know in poland that i thought were decent human beings have turned into the most xenophobic racist arseholes i 've ever met . 
  they can quote them all they want , but i 'm not seeing common ownership of the means of production and them doing away with money . 
  china is n't communist . 
  it 's state capitalist . 
  china is as communist as the us is . 
  oh damn , he 'd not responding any more , and after i typed out my comment too !, 
  a common misconception , i 'm actually just a government/corporate shill for ttip . 
  hi mr corbett - as someone that 's spent a lot of time researching the topic of isds ( and probably too much time arguing about it on reddit ) , most of my questions will relate to that can you elaborate on what you see as so egregious with isds ? 
  i note that most opposition comes from the area of `` look at this bad case '' , ignoring that it 's a case that 's still underway , or one that has been awfully mischaracterized . 
  can you point me to any * successful * isds cases where you think it was wrong for the company to win ? 
  another chief problem people have with isds seems to be the idea of `` suing our government for lost profits ! '', 
  do you not feel that investors have a right to have their claims heard by an impartial tribunal that is n't beholden to elected judges ( us ) , or possibly corrupt ones ( hungary ) ? 
  very few isds cases actually originate from laws the government has passed ( something like 9 % , from memory ) , and much fewer than that even succeed . 
  the successful tend to revolve around genuine misconduct by the host government . 
  how do you feel about the proposals of the eu for the new `` ttip investor court '' , and is there any iteration of such an idea that you could support ? 
  you mention regulatory devaluation , how do you feel this will be achieved as a result of ttip ? 
  working off of leaks and the eus only publicly released materials , it seems that regulatory measures will remain firmly within the hands of eu governments , obviously excepting ` hard ' topics like tariffs , with the majority going to mutual recognition of standards . 
   a potential threat to public services what is the threat that you see exactly to public services ? 
  the eu has written extensively about how ttip will not force privatizations , and at most will mean that foreign companies can compete on an even playing ground wrt public procurement and projects . 
  thanks for your time . 
  i just got home from work . 
  give me a bit , i 'm making dinner . 
  bravo !, 
  these days far right parties hate muslims more than jews , and only organize gay pride parades in an effort to antagonize muslims . 
  great , let 's see the receipt . 
  then they can leave . 
  it makes no difference whether it 's now , or if they want to federalize , it 's still entirely up to the uk . 
  and no one is even talking about federalization now , that 's a matter entirely up for future governments . 
   no , i 'm asking 27 governments to state that the uk will never be part of an eu federation . 
  also ridiculous . 
  it 's not up to them , it 's up to the uk one way or another . 
  no one can force the uk to join an eu federation , so why the fuck does it matter about the 27 ? 
  oh come on . 
  you 're asking 27 governments to state on behalf of future governments whether the eu is going to be a federation or not . 
  i mean , you 're asking people to take something written in the preamble , a guide for how the treaty of rome is supposed to be read , as a binding provision and to state definitively that they 're not going to commit to this binding provision you 've invented . 
   the eu treaties already contain within them mechanisms that bind changes of government . 
  the euro , without having an exit mechanism , already is a bind on subsequent governments . 
  they can always leave the eu . 
  you 're asking the rest of europe to commit to an interpretation of the treaty of rome for the tories . 
  completely different ball game , and if you were a lawyer you would know this . 
   is this kind of tone helpful do you think ? 
  i think being drunk is the only way to figure out how you thought that was a reasonable argument to make in the slightest .
