  and your missing something here , there is * no * judicial oversight in this . 
  the ability for the state to remove someone 's citizenship is extremely powerful , it removes many , if not all , their basic protections and rights under the law . 
  instead , it appears to be a law in which suspicion of such acts is enough for the executive to decide to remove these people 's citizenship , and most troublingly there is very little in the way of safeguards or oversight in how it is done , how legally the security agencies gather evidence , and how these people could fight the decision if they feel they have wrongfully has their citizenship revoked . 
  this is a power wide in scope and so open to abuse that it is ridiculous . 
  i really do n't understand how you can justify removing someone 's citizenship for fighting against an oppressive regime in syria ( or even potentially just visiting relatives there ) , when they may have no interest in harming the uk or british interests . 
  there is no public oversight of this , no transparency . 
  it could be done to you and there 'd be morons on reddit arguing ` it 's fine , they would 've just harmed the uk ' despite you never having any such intention * and no one would ever know how they came to that decision * . 
  in an instant , you would lose your british citizenship . 
  please tell me what they were going to arrest him for to prevent that happening then . 
  attending a rally ? 
  he had n't committed a crime yet . 
  it sucks that lee rugby was killed , but if you value the rule of law at all then there was no other outcome . 
  regardless , your post still does n't address any of my concerns . 
  what do you want security forces to do , begin arresting people where no crime was committed based on suspicion ? 
  lock them up for 10 years without charge in a facility like guantanamo ? 
  that does not address any of the concerns i raised . 
  how do you define jihad ? 
  how do you ensure the law is n't abused ? 
  if someone has dual british/syrian citizenship , is fighting in the civil war in syria an instance of jihad ? 
  how do you prove it ? 
  it 's great in principal , but far and away the most worrying aspect is the scope and execution of it . 
  [ china is still far down the list of emissions per capita ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_carbon_dioxide_emissions_per_capita ) . 
  carbon emissions can be loosely correlated with living standards up to a point . 
  why should they have to spend considerably more on green technologies to cut carbon emissions , when western countries are already rich and could afford to do it for their own emissions . 
  they should slow down the development of their living standards because the west has already polluted so much and got us into this place ? 
  if the west wants china to cut it 's emissions , then they should subsidize it . 
  it 's also different for the fact that many of these places were still colonies of western countries less than 60 years ago . 
  i 'm not defending the double standard , just pointing out it exists . 
  the west holds itself to a higher standard than the rest . 
  i have n't formed an opinion on this yet . 
   a statement from his press centre reads : `` until his legal team can meet with mikhail khodorkovsky , it can not be commented on whether a request on a pardon was made , by whom and for what reasons . 
  seems it 's still uncertain . 
  i was under the impression khodorkosvky did n't request a pardon either . 
  starts off in alphabetical order , and then the guy gives up . 
  well , that 's ... er ... look , kittens on the front page !, 
   i mentioned elsewhere that we have different standards for rich , western , liberal democratic countries . 
  jesus , have you even paid that off yet ? 
  viking83 has a victim complex and thinks everyone is out to get him . 
  particularly muslims , but apparently hungarian too now . 
  i would n't call tallinn a boomtown quite yet , but the others i agree with . 
  i 've seen a number of french articles get posted . 
  they do n't rise very high , but they 're there . 
  this one was successful , so i do n't know what the problem is . 
  yeah , i never learnt german and i could understand stand it . 
  it has plenty of evidence , if you bothered to read it . 
  but until you respond on your actual account , i 'm not giving you any more of my time . 
  though it is kind of flattering that you 've created at least 3 accounts to harass me over the last month or so . 
  oh , a bunch of quasi-fascists , racists , xenophobes , and intellectual nothings asked me to leave !, 
  they also downvoted me !, 
  guess i 'd better follow their advice !, 
   it banned slavery at the port after 30 years of holding it . 
  eventually buying every slave on the island free using state money . 
  no , it banned the selling of slaves . 
  slave owning itself was still legal for another 30 odd years . 
  and ships carrying slaves were still free to dock there . 
   swedish wiki sourcing this for reference . 
  [ 1 ] i just checked out the reference . 
  there are only 9 references to ships landing there in that whole period carrying slaves . 
  but the salient part of the wikipedia article is this :  exactly how many slaves were brought to the new world on swedish ships is yet impossible to know , since most of the archives documents have not been investigated seriously in that respect , and many of them are by now not accessible because of their bad preservation and non microfilming . 
  [ 14 ] nevertheless some data , mostly concerning the former swedish island saint-barth\u00e9lemy , is now available online . 
  [ 15 ] it 's likely that there were considerably more than just those 1283 , especially given that there were economic incentives put in place for swedish slave ships . 
   no wonder you 've been accused of bigotry towards scandis . 
  i 've been accused of being racist to swedes by an absolute moron who thinks it 's racist to say that ` if the swedish negotiating delegation did n't do a good job with respect to the eu , then that 's sweden 's fault ' . 
  the references you 've provided are only to those confirmed , but as mentioned there are * considerable gaps in the records * . 
  still creating new accounts to fuck with me , eh ? 
  ah , let me guess ... viking83 ? 
  this subreddit is really becoming a cesspit . 
  by significant , i meant that it was not merely random swedish slave ships , but that they had a port that was largely oriented around the trade . 
  it used the port for the purpose for more than 60 years . 
  i 'm also curious about where you got those numbers from . 
  regardless , many records have been lost on the subject but it 's significantly more than that . 
  i 'm asking how the comments would be different if this was a telegraph article . 
  different if this were a telegraph submission . 
  how would they be ? 
  it 's amusing that you say that , given i 've been in europe the last five years ( including one of the countries that people claim is ` overrun ' with muslims ) , but feel free to make snap judgements whenever ... oh , that 's right , you do that anyway . 
  well , it 's a good thing you learnt not to make generalizations about the literally millions of them living in europe based off of a few shitty examples . 
  what invasion would that be ? 
  i mentioned elsewhere that we have different standards for rich , western , liberal democratic countries . 
  but regardless , my point was that we should n't whitewash history and that we should recognize that the effects of past european transgressions are still affecting many of these countries today . 
  need to state your country , mate . 
  because we place higher standards on rich western liberal-democratic countries than those that are n't . 
  sweden had a significant role in the slave trade in the 18th century . 
  yes . 
  to an anarcho-capitalist , the benefits of universal healthcare are irrelevant as they believe in no government . 
  so me saying ` but universal healthcare is good because [ x ] ' would n't affect them at all . 
  knowing that they 're anarcho-capitalists , i 'd have to discuss the issue with them another way than through bringing up the benefits of a universal healthcare system because to them it 's irrelevant . 
  no , nowhere did i say anything of the sort , and if anything my history on this subreddit suggests the direct opposite . 
  it 's important to know what kind of person you 're discussing topics with . 
  for example , i would n't get into a discussion with an anarcho-capitalist on the benefits of universal healthcare , because we have completely opposing paradigms . 
  if i know beforehand that they 're an ancap , i 'll know not to bother , or to tailor my arguments to that viewpoint . 
  some time in february for australia !, 
  speak polish in australia and no one will bat an eye-lid . 
  what did australia ever do to you ? 
  our soldiers fought as brother in tobruk . 
  you 're spitting on their graves by saying you hate all westerners . 
  and so for that reason you hate westerners ? 
  because some people in the past were mean to your ancestors ? 
   it was pointed out to you by numerous people in situ . 
  you were openly playing the apologist for what was clear political intimidation . 
  er , what ?
