  because the local courts ca n't rule against the law . 
  if the government implements a law contrary to the treaty , the courts have to rule based on that law and not the treaty . 
  you know that the situation is different than that . 
  it was always going to be public around that time . 
  the leak just got there earlier . 
  heavy on the rhetoric , light on the facts . 
  i disagree that it undermines fundamental principles of liberal-democratic societies . 
   ola jeff , let me ask , why do you think that we need some supranational pseudo courts/arbitration committees that are extrajudicial in essence since their inception ? 
  isds was devised to shield companies and encourage investment in countries with weak legal systems , do you consider european , canadian or for that matter australian judiciary weak and incapable of independent judgment ? 
  i 've demonstrated a number of times in the past how governments unfairly discriminate against companies in western companies which are exactly the kind of things that isds is created to address . 
   i 've already suggested that calling wide variety of people stoopid is n't way to go . 
  said the public did n't understand it , not that they 're idiots . 
   finally , with regard to your lack of faith in well informed public , how come that you never ever offer some other viewpoints from your country ? 
  if you think that public is ill informed , you could share viewpoints of australian top experts and enlighten common folks . 
  because australia is a silly backwards insular society . 
  so civil rights organizations and unions should n't be able to pool resources together via their members to sue the government ? 
  corporations are vehicles with which to collectively display a subset of peoples interests . 
  just as a civil rights organization is ` not a person ' , but should have the right to sue the government , or a trade union is ` not a person ' but should have the right to sue the government . 
  yes , the full text was released more than two years ago !, 
  you are so fucking uneducated about this topic it 's comical . 
  i seriously wonder how much you must struggle in life , forming super strong opinions on topics you have no knowledge on and do n't want to look into, 
  ( after it had been leaked by german public television on 14 august , the 1634 pages long consolidated ceta text was published on the eu 's official website on 26 september 2014 ) [ https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/comprehensive_economic_and_trade_agreement], 
  chlorine chicken leads to fewer instances of food poisoning than european chicken does . 
  in fact , european chickens have the worse standards here . 
  regardless , chickens are not covered by ceta - maybe you should realize you 're uneducated and do n't deserve to have an opinion on this matter ? 
  i did n't say corporations are people . 
  can you answer the question . 
  so you think private entities ( such as people ) should n't be able to sue the government when they 're wronged and gain compensation ? 
  the agreement has been literally public for more than two years . 
  this is literally what he wants . 
  he does n't like cooperation with countries with different values as wild as allowing oil extraction , or admitting they 're a multiethnic state . 
  because the public do n't understand it and it 's nowhere near as bad as the public thinks . 
  what are the others . 
  lol , canadian cheese is ridiculously expensive compared to european - and even then , no one is forcing you to buy it . 
  the idea that canadian cheeee is going to overtake european cheese is laughable . 
  yes , canadian products are substandard . 
  got some examples ? 
  yes , it was a typo . 
  your reasons are still stupid . 
  those seems like really stupid reasons to be opposed . 
  especially given brussels ( which wallonia is part of ) is pretty explicitly a post nation state as well ), 
  how does it not ? 
  why do you think it 's bad , given you 're the one that 's happy it 's being shot down ? 
  why are you for a bunch of socialists torpedoing a deal that 's good for europe ? 
  that 's not what it is in the slightest . 
  fuck the populist ignorant walloons in favor of this . 
  yep , that was the first . 
  isds is just the current thing they complain about , if isds were taken out they 'd complain about something else . 
  that source is biased and outdated . 
  the tufts study uses awful methodology though . 
  it does n't even take the main variable under consideration into account . 
  do you have any empiric analysis supporting that ? 
  anything concrete ? 
  or just gut feeling ? 
  i 've been at this so long , the usual conversations just bore me . 
  i do think that more and more people see reason though . 
  arbitrary numbers for one . 
  why one third ? 
  because it 's a grossly egregious misrepresentation . 
  india is notoriously difficult to negotiate agreements with . 
  why do n't french banks want to fund them ? 
  maybe it 's because they know that they ca n't hope to rest them , so the russians are happy to do it because it suits their interests, 
  oh come off it . 
  this decision had nothing to do with race . 
  yeah , [ in order to keep europe dependent on russian fossil fuels ] ( http://foreignpolicy.com/2014/06/20/russias-quiet-war-against-european-fracking/ ), 
  well , they 're known to fund anti establishment politicians in the eu such as marine le pen , let alone anti fracking groups . 
  eus benefit is russias loss , hardly surprising if they did . 
  truly a victory for populism and ignorance . 
  and people laugh at americans being stupid ... 
  ` neoliberal !, 
  corporations !, 
  have i thrown enough scary buzz words to convince you i 'm right yet ? '' ', 
  no agreement containing isds has such a provision unless it 's done with basically no cause except discriminatikb, 
  what about if they vote to expropriate your house with no compensation ? 
  your grandmas flat ? 
  we live in liberal democracies to protect us from this kind of bullshit quasi democratic fascism . 
  you believe in the tyranny of the majority ? 
  that 's crazy . 
  i ca n't believe you think a democratic vote is enough to ruin foreign investors and they should n't have any protection . 
  may as well vote to make all jewish businesses state owned soon . 
  then they are opposed to trade on principal , because if they had bothered doing any research they 'd know that everything you stated as concerns is bogus . 
  instead , they just listen to populists and do n't dig any further . 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't share your reading of consensus at all - in fact , in my own research ( this is heavily in the area that i wrote my own masters thesis on a few years ago ) , the opposite is true . 
  ah yes , the capaldo study that has been ( rightly ) derided for its incredibly poor methodology , and stands alone as the only study predicting massive negative gdp growth and job losses ? 
  as to flessner , most of what i can see about him in the anglophone world is that he 's seen as a bit hysterical by the rest of academia on the matter . 
  yeah , it has . 
  your response is pretty funny . 
  it 's a typical `` well i did n't know that , but i 'm gon na make a generic ` they clearly dont ' comment to save face '', 
  heard of rules of origin ? 
  it 's literally a huge section in ceta explaining why this ca n't happen . 
  of course you have n't , you 've been wholly ignorant over the last year or two of discussion on this topic but are happy to comment regardless nothing like arguments from ignorance , eh ? 
  really ? 
  please point me to the comprehensive empirical studies you 're referring to . 
  and you base the latter sentence on what ? 
  whatever nutty mcnut, 
  you mean the one that reportedly had less than a 40 % turnout ? 
  exactly . 
  a lot of the people opposed to this is dangerously crazy , if they hate due legal process and the rule of law . 
  think we 're on the same level here . 
  waaa waaa waaa,
