  he was banned and came back as [ this guy ] ( http://www.reddit.com/user/7500 ) . 
  regardless , i recall a finnish ` chan ' made it it 's mission to invade / r/europe and stir shit like this up relatively recently . 
  someone also mentioned stormfront , but i think that 's more conspiracy talk . 
  there 's one user in particular , 7500 ( went by the name 7499 until he was banned a few days ago for this kind of stuff ) that seems to be stirring it up in a lot of threads . 
  some people need to be downvoted . 
  there 's a xenophobic/racist troll on / r/europe ( who had previously been banned under the name 7499 , but came back as 7500 ) , and there 's no value to anything he says . 
  7499 , i see you 're back following your ban under a different account . 
  depends where you are . 
  in a student city like krakow , which is very bohemian and liberal , there 's quite a lot of support for gay rights . 
  the further east you go , the worse it gets . 
  no , they did n't . 
  they abstained . 
   if that 's your definition of `` a semblance of an education '' you 're not aiming very high . 
  i think you 'll find that that 's exactly what ' a semblance of an education ' means . 
  regardless , those students that want to study do learn things , and those that do n't want to still learn to an extent though not as much . 
  regardless , there 's far more cross-cultural and life-skills learning than you 'd get just doing that one semester in your home university . 
   that would surely do much more to foster `` europe-wide respect and understanding '' than give some students a vacation-like experience with no guarantee of them pursuing a career in their field of study ( and thus hopefully make use of their newly aquired connections ) or even keep much in touch with their newly acquired connections once they finished their degree . 
  i think you have a very warped view of what university is for . 
  everyone knows banks are more important than fostering europe-wide respect and understanding , whilst getting a semblance of an education at the same time . 
   for rest of the europe drowning in immigrants who do not respect european values oh , the hyperbole !, 
   he reason why nordic countries and japan are so prosperous is because they are so homogenous , and the generic population shares on quite basic level a sense of greater community welp , i guess that also explains the wealth of countries such as america , canada , australia , new zealand or the city of london and so forth . 
  these places are so renowned for the homogeneity !, 
   after the system gets infected with enough people who refuse to play with the same rules and respect same core values , the system collapses core values , system collapse , system infection ... 
  your xenophobia is rather humourous . 
  somehow you come into every topic on europe and turn it , even when it 's entirely irrelevant , into ` multiculturalism is evil !, 
  bad immigrants , bad ! ', 
  technically correct , the best kind . 
  yeah , that 's definitely the case as well . 
  unemployment statistics are ridiculous like that ( in some countries , if you 've been out of work for two years but are still looking they completely discount you from the statistics ! ) . 
  but as i was saying , black work only mitigates that partially , i was n't trying to claim the situation was n't bad . 
  and i do n't currently have a source , sorry , it was in an article i read about 9 months ago whilst writing an essay that i unfortunately do n't have anymore . 
  i was referring to when it came to fixing the economy , not political goals . 
  i 'd already agreed the government was incompetent , but it 's easy enough to say ` deep fiscal reform ' . 
  it 's an entirely other thing , magnitudes of complexity greater , to actually come up with a workable plan that does n't have serious repercussions in other areas , especially when you 're trying to manage spot-crises . 
  the henry tax review in australia took over a year to come up with the reforms necessary to make the australian tax system better , let alone implement , and that was just on the matter of tax , not a nationwide economy . 
  they do n't really know what they want to do except default and end austerity measures . 
  the protesters do n't seem to understand that this uncertainty with spain 's political climate makes foreign investment that much harder to attract , not to mention seriously impedes the governments ability to make structural reforms that would help the situation as the government is always in ` spot-crisis management ' mode trying to deal with the protesters . 
  that said , the government is largely incompetent . 
  there 's a lot of black sector work , however . 
  it 's all crappy temp jobs and so forth , but the employment rate is n't as bad as is commonly portrayed . 
  governments often have a one-off levy in the event of a natural disaster , i do n't see how this would be that different . 
  possibility that the ecb will issue bonds itself and use the proceeds to fund bond purchasing in those countries ? 
  s/he 's talking about no rights for lgbt , anti abortion and strict drug policies ... 
  in general , the christian block votes for the right in the us , whilst the us get some christians and most of the rest . 
  the right tends to be socially conservative ( harsh drug laws , anti-abortion , et cetera ) which follows the same kind of agenda that christian conservatives do . 
  i 'd disagree necessarily that they want to go to the right . 
  i think it 's more a chronic frustration with the bureaucratic culture that exists in poland that has n't changed since the second polish republic . 
  even today , many more young people are calling themselves atheist , or if not atheist , then saying they do n't believe in god but go to church because it 's just what you do . 
  of course , i lived in krakow for two years and just hung around with other students so maybe their more liberal views have given me the wrong impression , but if you look at the younger generations i 'd disagree that they want to go more to the right . 
  they have it pretty bad for an eu country that was n't part of the warsaw pact . 
  but that 's more because of their society and less because of integration policy per se . 
  lets allow false advertising !, 
  not allowing it would be limiting what people can and can not say !, 
  crash through or crash . 
  i know there was actually a finnish ` chan ' that made a mission of trolling / r/europe a few weeks ago , i 'm wondering whether they 're behind it . 
  i really ca n't find any other explanation than trolls . 
  there has n't been that dramatic an increase in subscribers over the past few weeks , which is when i 've seen this shift mostly occur . 
  this is n't news , this is olds . 
  i remember the metro in barcelons went on strike twice in the 4 days i was there . 
  i used to find / r/europe a great subreddit , filled with intelligent , rational and informed discussion . 
  lately all i 'm seeing are xenophobes , roma haters and people that do n't know dick about anything but think their opinion is worth the weight of their shit in gold . 
  edit : pretty sure we 've been clandestinely invaded by trolls of some sort . 
  when first getting on when it 's parked at the bus stop to make sure you 're on the right bus ? 
  definitely not . 
  i got yelled at by three different bus drivers in the 6 hours i was there . 
  all of it was for stuff i should n't have been expected to know ( ie : when getting on , do n't ask if the bus stops at this stop ), 
  damn austerians , i went to vienna once and got yelled at by a bus driver . 
  french guiana ? 
  what , exactly , is wrong with flag burning ? 
  i see it as a perfectly fine way to express discontent . 
  well then we 're in full agreement . 
  although i 'd have to say that the discrepancy in downvotes/upvotes is mildly amusing, 
  hardcore ideologues are hardcore ideologues regardless of whether it 's religion or not . 
  you 're right , sorry , i misread what skulder said as what you did . 
  rape statistics are notoriously inaccurate . 
  all that shows is that australia has a culture of rape victims coming forward to the police , not that rapes are more prevalent in australia than elsewhere , not to mention how rape is defined in each country , et cetera . 
  i do n't think bringing rape statistics into this ( and especially national comparisons of them , given their differing definitions under law ) will do anything other than obfuscate what 's really going on here , ie : xenophobes harping on about immigrants . 
  you were suggesting dividing people into two classes of citizens . 
  skulder was telling you about the generational societal effects that would cause when it comes to the justice system . 
  it 's not a difficult concept ... 
  i said ` if [ you ] want to have a successful immigration policies ' . 
  which you need thanks to aging populations . 
  i never said such a change would have to be forced on people , nor any of your ludicrous legislative suggestions . 
  my comment was merely on the nature of integrating immigrants to the host nations culture , and that ca n't happen except at an individual level . 
  secondly , i never said swedes was an awful country , merely that it was n't conducive to integrating new immigrants . 
  i really do n't know where this whole passive aggressive response came from ... 
  i think it 's like the idiot member of the family that 's done something stupid at a wedding again . 
   why is that and how much should we change ? 
  are there any changes in particular that you have in mind ? 
  well , i think my linked post explains a pretty important difference of why integration worked in australia and did n't work in denmark , and that 's simply at the grassroots level . 
   careful with the sweeping generalizations there . 
  having lived in sweden ( still do ) , and spent considerable time in denmark , i feel that my ` sweeping generalizations ' have some merit . 
  after all , the idea of ` danish culture ' or ` swedish culture ' are exactly such ` sweeping generalizations ' put upon a society , and it 's undeniable that cultural differences ( ergo , the basis for generalizations ) exist . 
  there 's plenty of lovely muslim people . 
  warning : troll please do not feed . 
  i think my answer [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/depthhub/comments/z6mv6/gizzomizzo_comments_on_what_it_means_to_be_black/c61ykec ) helps to explain it a bit better ( although the danes are n't as bad as the swedes in that respect ) . 
  but i chalk the differences down to culture . 
  nordic cultures are going to have to change if they want to have successful immigration policies . 
  so you 're saying the problem is cultural . 
  well culture is learnt and can be changed with the right integration policies and societal outlook , particularly by measures created to stop ghettoization of immigrants where likeminded individuals can have their beliefs reinforced instead of adapting to the new countries culture , or incentives ( like in sweden ) for finishing language courses which also ultimately serve as host country culture learning tools .
