  i see your point . 
  i suppose ` crackdown on organized crime related to migration ' is a bit of a mouthful though . 
  i 'd suggest you read the article . 
   latin for `` laws of the elders '' , mos maiorum 's objective is to seize and possibly deport people without proper documents in an intelligence gathering exercise which the eu presidency says is necessary to `` identify , prosecute and disrupt organised crime groups . '', 
  what a silly comment . 
  thanks !, 
  always nice to be backed by the stats , cheers !, 
  surely there 's a better source than this ? 
  that 's a result of how sweden collects it 's rape statistics and how it defines rape . 
  there is n't some kind of rape epidemic compared to other countries because of immigrants there . 
  he did n't say that the british were uncultured ... 
  just none of them arab squiggles !, 
  / s for certaintys sake . 
  pat condell is an insufferable boar , i do n't know what it is that gets so many people to like him . 
  you do n't understand them * at all * . 
  you have no knowledge of what you speak about , you ca n't connect the dots , you do n't even understand half the terms being used . 
  i realise you 've made being anti-ttip and anti-tisa a part of your identity , that you think you 're intelligent for ` working this stuff out ' , but you have n't and you should drop it because you just show yourself to be a fool . 
  jesus , i must be some kind of fucking masochist , but i watched it . 
  first , she 's talking about tisa , not the ttip . 
  second , she completely agrees with what i said as well , and shows you to be wrong . 
  which is why i want you to quote stuff , so i do n't waste my fucking time again in the future having to disprove the copious amounts of shit you post . 
  i 'm not going to watch a fucking 15 minutes youtube video , why do n't you tell me what she says and why it 's relevant to your argument ? 
  fuck , you 're so goddamn annoying , you 've been told a hundred times by different people that you ca n't just keep doing that . 
  but i know why you do it . 
  if you have to actually stop and think about the shit you talk about , you 'll realise you just do n't understand it well enough , so it 's easier to post links to people and tell them to read it . 
  if you 're trying to convince people , you need to change your track because this shit clearly is n't working . 
  jesus , the shit that you post is so wrong it 's not funny . 
  even in the fucking article you told me to check ( which you edited out ) , it lists gats as a positive list approach , meaning only those areas specifically listed in the agreement are affected . 
  hell , article 7 of the gats states that governments will continue to have and may establish new monopolies . 
  second , bottled water is a commodity , not a fucking service , so you 're clearly wrong there as well . 
  third , the leaks showed that ttip was using a positive list for market access , and a negative list for national treatment . 
  which , again , completely shoots down your argument . 
  mostly in australia , but internationally as well . 
  when i was a kid my parents would take me to international doctors conferences with them ( usually at a ski resort or some such ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure doctors are statistically more likely to be smokers as well . 
  really ? 
  most doctors i know take care of themselves considerably worse than their patients , rarely getting the tests they should have done regularly , being smokers , drinkers , over-eating , etc. 
  ok , so nowhere in there does it indicate that countries have to privatize anything . 
  it just says that they ca n't start nationalizing things , not that they have to privatize anything , and that they ca n't make laws contrary to the fta ( which is standard in all treaties ) . 
  / u/christ0ph , i 'm going to ask you very explicitly so maybe you can understand this and provide what i 'm asking for . 
  could you please link me to any source document ( one that comes from the us , or the eu ) that states that the ttip is to `` set up privatization as the goal for all public services '' ? 
  and not just the source document , but to also give me the page number and quote the relevant text yourself ? 
  this seems like a lot of arbitrary rules with no basis for them . 
  why a hundred million ? 
  why not 53 million ? 
  china has pumped in a tremendous amount of money into infrastructure , particularly ports and shipping , but beyond that i do n't know more details . 
   hundreds of bulgarians in 8 cities participated that 's like ... all of bulgaria . 
  true , but people 's interpretation of the danger is wildly disproportionate to it 's actual level of danger . 
  as someone else said , a hydroelectric dam could crack open spilling billions of litres of water , but people do n't start anti-hydro protests in fear of that happening , and those that do are ( rightly ) laughed at . 
  i 'm supportive of having nuclear power as part of our energy mix , but are n't french rivers being overheated from nuclear power plants ? 
  my ex is a nuclear engineer , she finds the hysteria over how ` unsafe ' nuclear power plants ridiculous , no different to people complaining about power lines making them sick . 
  yet for some reasons , that fear is seen as credible , whilst people complaining about power lines are seen as a joke . 
  the idea that a layperson 's opinion is as valid as an experts is ridiculous , and yet here we are . 
  opinions often do n't represent reality in any meaningful way , as this person 's do n't . 
  you link to a website with a clear agenda , and then to an opinion piece , and you present that as proof positive that what you say is true . 
  not only are you completely misrepresenting what you linked to said when you claim it was * `` an irreversible private ownership situation '' * , yet nowhere in the report does it say that , you 're also linking to a trade union association 's report on the impact of ftas . 
  trade unions are almost invariably against ftas , because it means more competition for them . 
  have you ever submitted an unbiased link in your life ? 
  a source document perhaps , or at least something which does n't have a clear institutional bias for/against something ? 
  that people still upvote you after seeing your conspiracy-theory ladden posts over the last few months blows my mind . 
  oh please , do you even read the shit you link to ? 
  well , yeah , but i do n't mean it as a line rental , rather it 's a technicality because the water belongs to the people , so instead you get charged for the service of having it brought to your premises . 
  if you use more , you get charged more , but you 're being charged for the service and not the water . 
  what i mean is , you are n't being sold a resource , you 're being sold the service of having it brought to your premises . 
  are you sure about that ? 
  in most countries , you are n't charged for the water itself , but rather for the service of bringing the water to your door . 
  shamelessly repost what i 've written elsewhere  standard fta/investment treaty , though what makes it exceptional is the fact that it 's between the two largest markets in the world , the eu and the us . 
  negotiations are still under way , so there is no way to know what is in it yet . 
  but if it goes through , it 's expected to raise the gdp of both the us and the eu by around 2 % , will create a common standard of regulations in many areas ( meaning that , by virtue of the size of the free trade area , other countries will have an incentive to adopt those regulations as well ) . 
   people are concerned about the secretive nature of the negotiations , however , ignoring that all fta and investment treaties are negotiated under such conditions , and also by the isds provisions . 
  isds ( investor-state dispute settlement ) is also a feature of most trade and investment treaties , and means that a country can be sued for imposing laws that unfairly target foreign investors . 
  this does not mean that any law that 's put in place that harms an investor is grounds for suing , rather the laws just have to be non-discriminatory , else the company would have grounds to sue . 
  as an example , let 's say the government passes a law that bans the use of a compound at over 50ppm ( parts per million ) . 
  a domestic company uses it at 40ppm , and a foreign one at 60ppm . 
  the government can pass the law without fear of being sued provided that there 's strong scientific evidence that 50ppm is where the danger level is at . 
  without that evidence , it would be unclear whether the government was imposing it at that level just to protect the domestic industry against the foreign competition ( and hence would be discriminatory ) . 
  i think those are the two main ones that people are worried about . 
   on a personal note , a lot of what you 'll read in the media is pretty fear and ignorance driven hype about how evil it is , but from everything i 've been able to determine so far , everything seems pretty vanilla . 
  and once you 've done that , turn it into a haiku !, 
  good for them , democracy in action . 
  i do n't remember the exact paper , this would 've been well over a year ago now whilst i was writing one of my masters theses , but i remember it was probably by richard pomfret from the university of adelaide . 
  he knows his stuff on central asia . 
  alas , i did n't focus much on the economic union , so i did n't cite that paper specifically and ca n't point you to it . 
  it 's real , it 's functional , and it 's completely and utterly dominated by russia , though it 's still in it 's infancy . 
  i 've read studies many moons ago that showed that , due to trade divergence , all the economies other than russia lose out economically by joining . 
  well , they can vis-a-vis non-eu immigration . 
  here 's a direct quote from the eu negotiating directive about how they should design the isds  and should be without prejudice to the right of the eu and the member states to adopt and enforce , in accordance with their respective competences , measures necessary to pursue legitimate public policy objectives such as social , environmental , security , stability of the financial system , public health and safety in a non-discriminatory manner so obviously it 's not that they ca n't implement any such laws . 
  the laws just have to be non-discriminatory , else the company would have grounds to sue . 
  as an example , let 's say the government passes a law that bans the use of a compound at over 50ppm . 
  a domestic company uses it at 40ppm , and a foreign one at 60ppm . 
  the government can pass the law without fear of being sued provided that there 's strong scientific evidence that 50ppm is where the danger level is at . 
  without that evidence , it would be unclear whether the government was imposing it at that level just to protect the domestic industry ( and hence would be discriminatory ) . 
  regardless , the scientific evidence should be there ( else why would they be banning it ? 
   this basicaly allows us investors to sue an eu country if they ( and i can not belive such an article even exists , ) if the eu country with their own national laws in any way inhibits their investor intrest . 
  and these lawsuits go for bilions of dollars ( take for example switzerland vs. germany ) that 's simply not the case . 
  here 's a direct quote from the eu negotiating directive about how they should design the isds  and should be without prejudice to the right of the eu and the member states to adopt and enforce , in accordance with their respective competences , measures necessary to pursue legitimate public policy objectives such as social , environmental , security , stability of the financial system , public health and safety in a non-discriminatory manner so obviously it 's not that they ca n't implement any laws which inhibit the investors interests . 
   it is estimated that 0,3-0 ,5 of the entire eu workforce will lose their jobs if it passes . 
  this is taken from the cepr report . 
  except it does n't say they 'll lose their jobs , it says that that amount of jobs will be dislocated due to ` pull factors ' . 
  pull factors are things like better pay , better conditions , etc , which ` pull ' employees to a different job , and they give the example of eu steel workers instead moving to the automotive sector .
