  ca n't wait to see how the us pull china into nato to complete the encirclement !, 
  absolutely fantastic , i wish articles like this were posted every day . 
  could n't comment , do n't read the guardian, 
  it 's a tired and tested method of shaping public opinion . 
  the chinese have , for example , the 50c posters . 
  yep , the phone call was the estonian fm relaying to ashton rumours that he 'd heard , not evidence . 
  you were referring to imaginary problems , right ? 
  i upvoted you regardless . 
  i was just giving you reasons to disregard that blog entirely . 
  it 's bad . 
  or , at the very least , you should stop reading the blog so you do n't come out with arguments that can be quickly disproven , given that you use that as a basis for why leaving is better than staying with ** `` ok , to concede to mats that indeed the norwegian option is not that good - but - it is definitely better than the eu for the uk as per boiling frog . 
  so why persist with the uncertainty of brexit for a very modest improvement ? 
  mate , i do n't know what to tell you except that the author of that ` blog ' is batshit crazy bonkers librarian-poo . 
  the author of the blog makes the most convoluted and tangential connections between ideas , fills them with prattle , irrelevancies , and poorly thought out conclusions , and presents the mess as the paragon of intellectual achievement . 
  in reality , it is absolute , and utter , garbage . 
  let 's take a peek : his first argument is that mats has been corrected many times , however his only support of this is in his first self reference under the hyperlink * corrected many times * , which leads to the first blog post entitled ` openingly lying europe ' . 
  in it , he makes absolutely zero arguments to support his conclusions . 
  his one complaint is over a poorly worded paragraph . 
  he does , however , link to another blog post of his [ here ] ( http://thefrogsalittlehot.blogspot.co.uk/2012/12/dark-forces.html ) which has some of the worst argumentation i think i 've ever seen in my life . 
  firstly ;  open europe is a so-called think tank that is often considered by the media as europsceptic and as a consequence its reports and statements are treated accordingly . 
  however anyone who considers facts more important than a ` narrative ' can very quickly come to the conclusion that it is anything but - just read its ` about page ' . 
  more proof is found in the latest telegragh article by mats persson , his description being ( my emphasis ) : mats persson is director of open europe , an independent think-tank with offices in london and brussels campaigning for eu reform . 
  none of this supports the premise of his argument . 
  first , how is it a ` so-called ' think tank ? 
  it clearly is a think tank . 
  second , he argues that is it incorrectly called ` europsceptic ' [ sic ] because * it campaigns for eu reform * . 
  last time i checked , wanting to exit the eu is not the be-all , end-all of euroscepticism , there is also repatriating powers back to the member states , and many other shades of grey . 
  but moving on from this terrible start . 
   the article goes on to lavishly dollop praise onto cameron as a europsceptic , for example : * cameron has therefore upped the game * that anyone could consider cameron as a eurosceptic , when the evidence is firmly the opposite , is someone who has attended too many christmas parties . 
  mats persson reveals his true colours . 
  yet , almost like jimmy savile , he hides his deception in plain sight . 
  nowhere was the claim made the cameron was n't pro-eu . 
  but this moron felt the need to argue against it anyway , nor does it state he is a eurosceptic . 
  in fact , in the opening paragraph of the article the blog author is referring to , he even quotes cameron saying  david cameron yesterday let slip -- for the first time -- that he considers a future for the uk outside the eu `` imaginable '' . 
  so far , we have two terribly argued contentions that simply have no grounding in reality . 
   thus he supports cameron ( my emphasis : * it 's increasingly difficult for him not to frame the issue as a choice between `` renegotiation or brixit '' ( as opposed to the status quo and brixit or status quo or renegotiation ) . 
  * i can only assume by ` status quo and brixit ' he means leaving the eu but remaining part of the single market . 
  how revealing that this is an option he clearly does not support . 
  it 's quite clear that mats was showing that ` renegotiation or brexit ' should not be the only thing in the debate , that it could also be ` status quo or brexit ' or ` status quot or renegotiation ' . 
  but the blog author ( i 'm gon na start calling him boilingfrog now ) does n't give a shit because he 's on an ideological crusade to destroy whatever imaginary arguments he can come up with , a true don quixote charging at wind mills . 
   well yes it is when your game is to try to deceive people on your true intentions , but the key paragraph is this ... * fortunately for cameron , the uk achieved a substantial victory last week in europe , winning a safeguard against the 17 eurozone members writing the financial rules for all 27 eu members in the soon-to-be-established banking union . 
  this is vital as britain is home to 36 per cent of the eu 's wholesale finance market . 
  inbuilt discrimination against non-euro countries in the eu in this area would amount to `` not in the euro but run by the euro '' for the uk , meaning both the single market and the case for the uk 's continued eu membership would be severely undermined ( as the uk would be `` governed by fax '' -- a la norway -- anyway ) . 
  * spot what he did ? 
   the argument put forward is cameron achieved ' a real victory ' by winning safeguards , with the uk being in the eu . 
  but persson claims if cameron did n't achieve that victory ( as eu members ) , then persson argues we would end up like norway and its government by fax ... even within the eu . 
  but norway are n't part of the eu . 
  persson has quite deliberately confused membership of the eu , eea and a combination of the two , so in effect comparing oranges with apples , all to get his ` government by fax ' point in . 
  this is the most bizarre and batshit crazy point he has . 
  mats argued that if the uk had not been able to achieve the safeguards , the uk would have been subject to banking union regulation run by the eurozone thanks to the key sentence ** inbuilt discrimination against non-euro countries in the eu in this area would amount to `` not in the euro but run by the euro '' for the uk ** . 
  this is how he meant it would be like fax diplomacy . 
  boilingfrog is simply fucking moronic in this argument , so he has in no way destroyed mats credibility . 
  returning now to the article you linked , ` openingly lying about europe ( 2 ) ' , which should be ` openly ' , but it seems he 's as bad with his vocab as with his argumentation , he writes a complaint to the press council . 
  the first part , i 've covered above , the second part however ;  mats persson 's argument relies heavily on the false doctrine that norway has `` no influence '' in making eu law . 
  however this is simply factually untrue , norway has more influence than the uk regarding single market rules as illustrated below :  many of single market laws are made at an international level for example the wto -- norway gets to represent itself while the uk has only 8 % influence with the eu which represents us on our behalf . 
  no , no , no , no , no , no , no , a thousand times , no . 
  the uk has dual representation under the wto , as itself ( the uk ) and through the eu . 
  i 'm not kidding , look it up , * both * have representation at the wto and equal weight in negotiations . 
   norway is also on over 200 eea ( single market ) committees which influence eu law from the outset -- anne tvinnereim , former state secretary for the ministry of local government and regional development in norway for example said this : `` we do get to influence the position '' . 
  influence , yes . 
  but they have absolutely no * decision making power * . 
  i can influence my government as well by calling up an mp and telling him what i 'd like him to do , it does n't mean he 'll do it . 
   norway can then contest that laws do n't apply to their eea agreement -- currently they have over 1,200 in dispute . 
  how is this an argument that norway has more influence in the eea than the uk ? 
  it 's not . 
  it 's as simple as that , it 's just not . 
  these laws will eventually pass through the dispute resolution mechanism one way or another . 
  the uk * has considerably more power than that given it has a vote , and is privy to , these negotiations * . 
   ultimately norway can veto any eu legislation , as they did with the 3rd eu postal directive while the uk had no choice but to implement it by the 2011 postal services act . 
  norway [ promised to impose them ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/innovation-enterprise/norways-government-promises-redu-news-531759 ) in the end . 
  in fact , the cost to norway of [ not imposing them ] ( http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm201213/cmselect/cmfaff/writev/futunion/feu01.htm ) ( check out point 9 ) would have been very high . 
  it was only because the eu was patient enough in dealing with them that they did n't face the nuclear option . 
   the lisbon treaty and article 50 is covered by international law , notably by article 54 of the vienna convention on the law on treaties , for the eu -- an international organisation - to block market access would be in fundamental breach of international law . 
  the eu would be obliged to adhere by its international treaty agreements . 
  this is factually wrong . 
  mats specifically mentioned trade in services , which only have a framework for operation under the wto and do not forbid a country from blocking access . 
  if it were denying market access to goods , boilingfrog would be absolutely right , but it was only services that were mentioned . 
  ** so please ** , i 'm begging you , do n't take the word of that shitty blog . 
  it 's filled with factual errors by a brexit zealot that has no interest in sound argument , factual discourse , or reasoned debate . 
  i 'm interested in reading your reply . 
  and ... estonia 's economy sinks like a stone . 
  on the ` norwegian veto ' , i 'd like to draw your attention to [ this telegraph piece ] ( http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/finance/matspersson/100022087/brixit-why-the-norwegian-model-simply-wouldnt-work-for-the-uk/ ), 
  that , and it 's rather ` thuggish ' nature . 
  strong nationalism plus a penchant for violence seems to be a sufficient condition for the label ` far-right ' these days . 
  you 're a marvel when it comes to this stuff cobis , thanks !, 
  all in all , seems very promising , though this seems troubling :  cancel necessity of placing information in the state official printed publication concerning state procurements and in the international informational publication concerning the issue on state procurements , however , preserving mandatory disclosure of this information on a web-portal of the authorized body ; it seems strange that they 'd remove the paper trail , unless it created serious efficiency problems somewhere . 
  i do n't disagree that it 's bad policy , but as i said earlier it 's an emotional argument and he just seems to have attached a greater weight to having the ability to sign ftas than fax diplomacy from the eu . 
  different preferences , different priorities . 
  interestingly , there was a split a few decades ago in regionalism theory into two different camps , ` new regionalism ' and ` old regionalism ' . 
  ` old regionalism ' was pretty strictly functional political integration , usually over a loosely geographically proximate area and even today is largely analogous with european union studies . 
  ` new regionalism ' was a social constructivist approach the really took off following the collapse of the wall and said that any two countries that have some degree of frequent and high-level interdependence , and compatibility of major politically relevant values could be considered a region , there was no longer a requirement for geographical proximity . 
  alas , despite french , british , danish , dutch , portuguese , and spanish overseas territories ( even as far away as oceania !, 
  ) , the eu has remained stuck in old conceptualizations of regionalism - although , aside from morocco , no real countries outside of europe have asked to apply . 
  one of my lecturers back in australia thought there 'd be some leeway for australia to join , thanks to having a european head of state , but this kind of thing is always subject to political realities . 
  neither is cyprus , technically . 
  ah , so imaginary problems . 
  arguably , the uk would lose sovereignty in some areas ( fax diplomacy ) , but gain it in others ( free trade agreements ) . 
  perhaps he assigns more weight to one than the other ? 
  i ca n't believe people criticize the canadians for clubbing seals , we should be sanctioning norway for clubbing zombie nazis !, 
   how about australia 's deals ?
