  the head of state has criminal charges filed against them , flees the country , and you think they would just remain the president until his official term ended ? 
  when he had a freed to sign a deal ( with many witnesses present ) reverting to the previous constitution ? 
  your arguments are fucking retarded , and to call the current government illegitimate is plain absurd !, 
   and said speaker was , quite conveniently , installed mere hours before the impeachment when the previous guy resigned for `` health reasons '' ( i.e. 
  not wanting to get beaten up by the angry mob ) . 
  such a bastion of democracy . 
  it 's moronic you say ` installed ' given he was voted in by the parliament . 
  it 's not lies and propaganda , and the article you linked is n't worth dick given yanukovych * was n't * impeached . 
  he effectively resigned from his duties . 
  this has been explained to you , time and time again . 
  with yanukovych gone , the speaker of the house becomes acting president . 
  he nominated a pm from the democratically elected assembly . 
  there is nothing illegitimate there , and the one spreading ` lies and propaganda ' here is you . 
  funny , you were claiming the government was illegitimate without giving any sources , i did n't downvote you , i just corrected you . 
  do you need to reread rediquette ? 
  i was n't referring to you , i was referring to the downvotes he was getting . 
  yeah , i was glad alliansen got in power , just a pity they have n't started working on the trains , given the 30 odd years of social democrats neglect . 
  yeah , i 've argued the point in the past that it 's mostly only really applicable to ukipers , but for some reason it slipped my mind to mention it in my previous post . 
  my bad . 
  fortunately , i believe sweden has a set limit of reactors allowed by law , but these reactors just get replaced with more powerful ones when there 's need . 
  there 're a bunch of serbian nationalists defending russia 's actions , i think i counted five last time i checked . 
  just ignore them . 
  i ca n't help but think that this is just a point of fundamental disagreement we 're going to have , but here 's my reasoning for why i think food security in europe is important . 
  in 2008 , staple crops ( grain , rice , wheat , maize , etc ) rose drastically in price , some even going as high as 118 % increase . 
  this caused a number of countries to institute export bans to keep the price down in their own countries . 
  in quite a few other countries , there was rioting , looting and demonstrations as a response to those high prices . 
  you think bangladesh will export their crops to europe when their people are clamouring for affordable food at home ? 
  think again . 
  not to mention that the amazon and old-growth forest in indonesia is being deforested to make way for more agricultural land , and europe is already being blamed for that . 
  regardless , in western countries , around 10 % of oil and gas consumed goes directly into the food process ( growing , transporting , packaging , etc ) . 
  whilst we 're finding a number of unconventional sources for those resources , the price is still rising and as a finite resource will continue to rise . 
  other associated resources , such as potash , are also beginning to run dry . 
  this is going to increase the price of food globally . 
  now , i know you 're a reluctant ukiper , and so i 'm hoping you 're not one of those climate sceptic loons , but global climate change is making food production increasingly less predictable and unlreliable , not to mention destroying arable land . 
  sea rises from melting ice caps will flood a good portion of arable land across the globe over the coming decades ( remember a good portion of arable land is close to rivers and river deltas ) . 
  not only that , but the changing weather patterns also means river floods are more likely to occur damaging production , excessive rains or dry spells ruining production , and so forth . 
  but as i said , we probably have strong ideological differences here . 
  i think that food , much as water , is a resource that needs to be carefully managed . 
  yeah , it 's almost as if finding consensus and solutions broadly acceptable to half a billion people is hard !, 
  both work in english . 
   i 'm assuming that in a single market there should be no quotas , tariffs and duties on the trade of agricultrual produce within the eu and certainly that would be my preference . 
  i 'm not sure why huge subsidies of agriculture are needed for this . 
  it 's needed to protect from imports . 
  let 's say france is trying to subsidize their wheat production , but germany brings in a lot of cheap wheat from outside the eu , so much that they need to offload some of it . 
  france ca n't impose quotas or duties on non-eu agriculture because that 's an eu competency , and since germany wanted to abandon food security it needs to be able to import as much foreign food as it needs . 
  but the goods that are in germany can now be shipped around the eu to countries that are trying to protect their agricultural industry , and undercut the prices . 
  grain does n't have a serial ( ha ) number to identify it 's place of origin . 
  so to counteract that , with your proposal of eu set maximum subsidization , there 's also need to be a common policy on tariffs and quotas . 
  and once we 're at that point , it 's simply easier , cheaper , and more responsive to crises to have a cap . 
  then you get into whole issues of poorer vs richer countries , special exemptions for ` cultural ' or ` regional ' products , and the like . 
  it makes eu negotiation at the wto that much more difficult as well . 
  a lot of the most effective policy measures to protect agriculture rely on strict control of the market . 
  quotas on imports , tariffs , duties , hell even quarantine , etc. 
  as a single market , these can only be set on an eu level ( and in fact , are one of the fundraising mechanisms of the eu ) . 
  so to scrap the cap would attack - the single market , eu revenue generation , and create ample ground for discord over varying levels of subsidization . 
  then there 's also the problems that would be caused with it 's ability to react to crises and adjust levels accordingly . 
  i 'm sorry , but i disagree . 
  the cap needs to be at an eu level with the single market . 
  first , under the agreement on agriculture of the wto , the level of which agricultural subsidies must be dropped was lowered for the eu as a whole , and not for each member state . 
  to scrap the cap ( what a slogan ! ), 
  would lead to chaos with respect to how the agricultural levels would be set per country . 
  furthermore , rules regulating subsidization for manufacturing are very solidly built already under wto architecture , however the rules for agriculture are much more up in the air ( and with the failure to address agriculture in the latest doha agreement , it 's only going to be more murky in the future ) . 
  this means that whilst there can be no subsidization escalations with manufacturing within the eu , with agriculture there is no such guarantee . 
  regardless , the rules governing the single market mean that many protectionist policies that could be put in place under a unified regime are simply and absolutely ineffective on a national level , when a supranational single market is thrown into the mix . 
  if wto laws regarding agriculture were as stringent as they were for manufacturing , there 'd certainly be some scope for compromise . 
  but they 're not , and so any devolution of the cap to the national level would attack the heart of the single market as many countries are unwilling to trade away food security , the idea of multifunctionality in agriculture , or maintaining the rural character for ... what ? 
  a hard neoliberal wet-dream that ignores many political , social , economic , and security realities ? 
  this is simply politically unfeasible , and even from a cost-benefit standpoint undesirable . 
  so in summary , i ca n't help but feel that you 're woefully misinformed on the matter and are speaking more out of populist sympathy ( after all , it 's one of the most common complaints of the eu - albeit by people that have no understanding of the policy ) , or out of misguided libertarian free-market ideology . 
  you 're like the fourth person that 's said that to me . 
  yeah , that 's why i mentioned that it 's still unproven . 
  this is just a very irrational and fear-based response now . 
  i was n't talking about the bombing , i was talking about the peacekeeping force . 
  it 's why i specifically mentioned resolution 1244 . 
  the difference is that with kosovo the foreign army there was a un sanctioned nato-led multinational force that was legal in all respects of international law , and which had open and transparent referendum in ' 08 . 
  in crimea , it 's thousands of soldiers without military insignia and who are , politically and legally speaking , accountable to no one as they have no legal authority to be in crimea ( in fact , their very presence is illegal ) , who are occupying the region and where the sessions of the crimean rada are not transparent in any way , shape , or form . 
  there 's considerable grey areas even there . 
  the tartar minority would undoubtedly be marginalized and discriminated against ( as they already are under the occupation ) . 
  the ukrainian state has an obligation to protect them from a change of allegiance to russia and the legitimate fears of the tartar people . 
  it 's simply not that simple, 
  i saw your flag , that does n't mean you know dick . 
  you know , your habit of merely asking questions in an attempt to seem like you know what you 're talking about is really tiring . 
  until you know what you 're talking about , and are able to have an actual discussion , there 's no point in continuing this . 
  of course not , but the discussion was n't directly about the legitimacy of the secession in the eyes of international laws , but of the legitimacy of interventionist forces in the country that might put pressure on a vote to secede . 
  / u/flyingorange equated a un-mandated , nato-led multinational peacekeeping forces with soldiers lacking insignia illegally operating within the sovereign borders of another country and who , by all rights , appear to be heavily pushing for the secession from the host country . 
  you expect someone to either gain a degree in nuclear energy , or pass the security checks required to work at a nuclear powerplant , get through all the security check points to get to an area that * might * be sensitive to sabotage ( and even then , they 'd have to have some pretty intimate knowledge of how the reactor is designed and operates ) , and be able to disable all the safeties and redundancies to allow the sabotage to take place . 
  simply put , it 's * not * going to happen , especially not with any kind of modern reactor . 
  the speaker is elected by the parliament . 
  through the un security council , duh . 
  russia was for resolution 1244 by the way . 
  really , if you do n't know such rudimentary details on how international law functions i do n't think you have any right to talk on the subject . 
  the speaker of the house has the powers of the president in the interim , and thus gave his nomination for pm . 
  one has a legitimate mandate through the un and is sanctioned by international law , the other one violates numerous treaties and international laws ? 
  i said there was a gigantic difference between the two scenarios , i did n't say that it could only happen in the first scenario . 
   i guess they are not considered dangerous enough to warrant the expense . 
  last i read , it was dangerous to move them in case there had been failures in the storage barrels that could spread radioactive substances . 
  they decided it was best to just let it settle . 
  nuclear power plants are built to withstand plane crashes . 
  they 're absolutely packed with redundancies and fail-safes to make certain that does n't happen . 
  ehm , i did n't say it was an either-or proposition .
