  i assume you mean downhill skiing ? 
  i only went once near sundsvall , small place , quite decent , but there are considerably better resorts in sweden . 
  cross-country is one of the best in the world if that 's your thing . 
  not polish , but they have one of the largest , if not the largest polish diaspora in europe . 
  also , poles learn english to a pretty high degree in school ( not as good as sweden , but considerably better than spain ) . 
  sweden is a fantastic country to settle down in , and the language is easy to pick up as a native . 
  swedish parents are also very attentive to extracurricular needs of their kids , so i imagine you could get by giving private violin lessons until you find something steadier . 
  honestly , i think sweden is your best choice . 
  your stance on voting is ridiculous . 
  it 's fine for a constitution to be changed by only parliament , not through referendum . 
  but if , as according to the consitution , the chairman of the rada is made acting president all of a sudden it matters because ` no one voted for him ' ? 
  pcr is a bit nutty as well . 
  sorry , but i do n't have time to refute the rest of your points right now . 
   mods should just block this garbage from / r/europe [ 1 ] ( i guess some people might want to post it to ridicule it , but eh ) bold words . 
  you 're going to get a bunch of xenophobes/racists coming in screaming about free speech and downvoting you within hours . 
  no , it 's certainly not a bad thing . 
  it 's just a fact , the legal definition of rape in sweden is one of the loosest in the world and the way statistics are done makes it seem like rape is considerably more prevalent in sweden than elsewhere ( as opposed to statistics in other countries which considerably under-report it ) . 
  yep , it has probably the loosest definition of rape in the world , and the way it collects statistics on it compounds that . 
  from the ` about ' page , she 's a republican with an axe to grind against muslims . 
  she 's a bit nutty ( for example , she supports the english defence league , a group whose leaders publicly left it after calling it too far-right ) . 
   who 's in charge of ukraine at the moment and when did the people vote for him ? 
  i said who was in charge . 
  the chairman of the rada , who under the constitution , has been appointed acting president . 
  or do you mean the mps that were all voted in in 2012 ? 
   the government ( containing neo-nazis elements btw ) was formed in an unconstitutional manner [ 1 ] and despite the february 21st deal signed by yanukovych and the opposition the title of your source here says ** `` vitrenko : usa and eu , with ukrainian terrorists , establish nazi regime '' ** . 
  you think i 'm going to take that source as valid ? 
  regardless , it 's not unconstitutional - it 's in a very grey legal area . 
  yanukovych was witnessed agreeing to immediately revert to the old constitution , but he fled before it could happen . 
  the parliament voted * unanimously * to impeach him . 
  yes , it did n't reach the required quota ( it required 338 , they had 328 ) , but the new constitution which set that requirement was forced through by the corrupt authoritarian strongman yanukovych to cement his power . 
  as i said , it 's not clearly legal , but it 's in a grey area , and at least morally i see it as a net-good . 
   victoria nuland 's tape , where we can hear she wants yatsenyuk as ukraine 's top stateman . 
  [ 2 ] in the same tape , they very clearly also state that it 's up to the ukrainians who they want . 
  there 's nothing wrong with expressing an opinion over who you want running a country . 
  regardless , the west * did * leave it up to ukraine . 
  as to the five billion , that 's in loan programs over the last 20 years , it 's not as if they pumped in 5 billion dollars since november last year . 
   considering the national security and defense counsil of ukraine [ 4 ] secretary is a member of the neo-nazi movement svoboda [ 5 ] , that he was responsible for maidan 's logistics and that he refuses to investigate , this does raise interesting questions . 
  svoboda is not a neo-nazi movement . 
  this is the kind of bullshit claim that comes up time and time again . 
  yes , it is a nationalist movement , but to call it neo-nazi is just flat out bonkers . 
   but since immediate elections was part of it , the leader of right sector dmitri yarosh called for an armed coup d'\u00e9tat . 
  [ 7 ] nowhere in that statement is there a call for an ` armed coup d'etat ' . 
  with all that said , you really need to learn to pick your sources better . 
  two of them are from batshit crazy far-left organizations, 
  the question was n't asking about liberalization policies . 
  relayed to me by estonians ( educated , not nationalist types ) and confirmed by a finn to me in the past . 
  i do n't have a source for you , sorry , but apparently in 45/46/47 the su demanded all of it 's citizens returned , which they decided included the baltics that had n't been part of the soviet union beforehand . 
  finland did so because they feared the su . 
  it 's still a bit of a sore spot with many estonians , i 'm given to understand . 
  so basically a giant ` screw the younger generation , i got mine ' . 
  where is this ` unelected government ' crap coming from ? 
  the mps are still the same mps as before . 
  since yanukovych fled , there has been no new president - the speaker of the rada is acting president , as according to the constitution . 
  secondly , what leaked tapes are you talking about ? 
  you mean the one between ashton and the estonian fm where the estonian fm is relaying rumous he heard about it being the new coalition that had ordered the snipers ? 
  they were merely rumours . 
  so what double standards are there ? 
  we absolutely * did * leave it up to ukraine , and the eu , with russian observers , tried to negotiate a peace between euromaidan and the then government . 
  your facts on this entire story are * completely * wrong . 
  jesus , how do people even think like that ? 
  where have i name called , where have i stalked , and where have i derailed ? 
  perhaps you should learn what those terms mean . 
  edit : because i know this is difficult for you neredev * is * a french nationalist . 
  i think you 'd have trouble getting them to disagree with that , and i bet they 'd agree they 're more nationalist than your average frenchman . 
  as to the stalking/derailing , someone asked why the frenchwere being so defensive in the thread . 
  neredev was the only one being defensive , so i felt i could explain why that was the case . 
  sorry this seems to offend you for some bizarre reason . 
   the europeans decolonialized because their mentality and economic means had changed . 
  american ` insistence ' had very little to do with it . 
  the suez crisis was a pretty clear indicator from the us and the international community that europe should decolonize . 
  i ca n't answer either of those , i 'm just translating the legend with my bitchin ' c1 polish . 
  black/star : most important american bases in europe teal : nato countries orange : countries , which russia considered within it 's sphere of influence ( i think that 's what it translates to , not sure how precise it is , but you get the idea ) . 
  black line : new border splitting europe . 
  the map says `` most important american bases in europe '' , not all bases or even the largest ones . 
  i do n't know what criteria they used for most important . 
  neredev is an avowed hardcore french nationalist . 
  no , but then you get back to my prior point of strong instutions and a single party state . 
  the ccp had been in power for more than 30 years by the time of deng xiaoping and were n't prone to the same problems that plague dictatorships/monarchies . 
  monarchies have to secure their own power before they can try and change a country for the better . 
  institutionalized parties , such as the ccp , do n't have the same kind of worry with coups , and thus can invest their efforts into shaping a country to how they want it . 
  regardless , just as it 's wrong to make the comparison of china to africa , it 's also bad to make the comparison with ethiopia which was n't colonized as the rest of africa was . 
   ** most regions ** have 98 % ` han ' chinese as to that list , it is * considerably * better than most of africa . 
  north korea , for example , was the considerably richer region following the korean war because it 's where all the industry was . 
  china is a large , mostly ethnically homogenous ( most regions have 98 % ` han ' chinese ) , country run by a single party that has 1 billion people at it 's command and that already had developed institutions and surrounded by rich neighbours when it began it 's economic readjustments under deng xiaoping ( such as japan , the beginnings of south koreas current state , and arguably the soviet union ( let alone hk , and taiwan ) . 
  it 's mad to try and compare china to countries surrounded by poverty , that were colonially exploited ( unlike china which was exploited , but not in a colonial fashion ) , and the like . 
  china is absolutely * sui generis *, 
  germany had massive support under the marshal plan , had previously been an industrialised country , had an educated population , was n't exploited for their resources , was in a highly industrialized geopolitical area , etc. 
  you ca n't make that comparison . 
  did i say that you , personally , were responsible ? 
  edit : are n't you the guy that keeps posting anti-semitic remarks ? 
  in many/most cases , those dictators have been propped up by western governments , or even installed there by them . 
  regardless , i do n't think most countries have had anywhere near enough time to recover from the colonial period , and often the way they were transitioned out of colonialism was done in such a haphazard way that there was essentially no institutional capacity building and little attempt to transition them to a western-liberal-democratic model . 
  take , for example , the congo where the belgians committed horrendous atrocities in the pursuit of wealth , where hands were chopped off by the locals and millions were killed . 
  how on earth do you consider that it would be so easy to transition from that ? 
  yes , the years following the conclusion of the european theatre of ww2 . 
  the system set up by western powers ( which includes having many different hostile ethnicities in one country , and the poverty resulting from its exploitation ) remains however . 
  sure , at some point , it 's no longer europe 's responsibility . 
  i do n't think that point is now though . 
  the point is it 's done , so now you deal with the consequences like a goddamn adult . 
  finland deported a large number of estonians to the soviet union .
