  because men have more muscle mass on average than women , this meant they made the decisions . 
  as mankind slowly civilized , this translated into cultures where those tribal leaders became local rulers and gave privileged social status to those that defended their claim , ie : the warrior class . 
  the warrior class has been , almost throughout history , more privileged than your average citizen , and they tend almost exclusively tend to be men . 
  as culture developed , these notions eventually became entrenched in society . 
  these days , however , we 've moved beyond pure strength for what is important in leaders . 
  leaders these days are politicians , businessmen , educators - and the traits that are important do n't come down to such clear genetic differences ( more vs less muscles ) , but rather critical thinking , problem solving , charisma and so on - skills that are more likely to be socially acquired , rather than genetically . 
  they tend to go for low paying social work instead . 
  but that 's not the point , the point is that high level jobs are disproportionately occupied by men , and even new promotions are overwhelmingly in favour of men because of corporate culture , and the culture surrounding those promotion and hiring practices . 
  a quota law could quickly and easily fix that , with a negligible level of social disruption . 
   when it 's obvious that males have better leadership qualities ok , look . 
  whilst there 's quite a bit of feminist theory to do with the patriarchy that i disagree with , it 's pretty well accepted that there have been cultural factors and institutions that have kept men in positions of power and women in subservient positions throughout history , a system that is only just now being slowly dismantled . 
  this is what makes your post so ridiculous . 
  i do n't know if you 're in highschool or what , but when you get to university i hope you do some methodology and critical thinking courses . 
  the kind of thinking you have is similar to that that racists have as well , see [ this wonderful post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/offmychest/comments/1bvhg4/yes_i_am_racist_no_i_am_not_ashamed/c9anxjq ) for details . 
  you 'll see how thinking about women in those terms , and thinking about black people in those terms , is similar . 
  are you serious ? 
  the vast majority of people want high paying jobs that increase their options . 
  low paying manual labour jobs do n't give that . 
  eh , look . 
  i 've argued against this before , but i 'm getting kinda tired of the argument and the dozens of downvotes i receive ( last time i argued about it on / r/europe , i think i got to -20 on every post despite me arguing civilly and not saying any of the social justice tumblr crap ) . 
  but suffice it to say , i just think there 's way too much diversity in the human race to boil it down to simple arguments like that , whereas corporate culture is much smaller and much tighter knit with less diversity that better explains it . 
  high level corporate jobs , yes . 
  oh , are women clamoring for manual labour jobs ? 
  i 'm still probably one of the only people supporting quotas in this subreddit , but whatever . 
  there exist corporate cultures practices , particularly the higher up you go , that preclude women from getting higher level jobs to a large extent . 
  c-level and board positions are dominated by the over-50 demographic , so taking time off for pregnancy ca n't be factor . 
  and i do n't think that it can be put down to genetic factors because there is just such a huge variation even amongst men in natural factors for why they would be more likely to be chosen . 
  that leads to cultural factors in the work place that are stopping women from getting them . 
  now , things have slowly been getting better for women , this corporate culture is slowly being demolished . 
  but it 's still really slowly , when did gender discrimination laws mostly start taking affect ? 
  30-40 years ago ? 
  and still such a low percentage of women in high level positions . 
  you have to think how those high level positions are chosen . 
  it 's not just applicants from all walks of life send in a cv . 
  they 're generally groomed and chosen by upper management . 
  quotas would destroy that entirely . 
  sure , but i was referring to the dual nationality law . 
  i only used turkish as an example because that 's what was in the article , but what about all the other non-eu nationalities ? 
  not just right now . 
  there are hard limits to how much fuel can be made from biofuel that prevent them from gaining any significant level of eroei . 
  i 'd very much recommend the post samarkandz linked before . 
  sorry , but i think you 're mistaken . 
  extracting fossil fuels from the ground is considerably less energy intensive right now than creating biofuels . 
  3rd generation biofuels = triffids ?!? 
  i 'd have to disagree wing your analysis , specifically to do with reconstruction of the economy . 
  no one is going to want to invest in a country that is still not unified following a war 40 years ago , with a wildly unstable currency and a history of breaking international agreements . 
  the hardship for cyprus would last two decades , if not more . 
  the only natural advantage you 'd have is in tourism , and even then i know that many of the staff currently involved with tourism only make around 3 euro an hour . 
  simply put , defaulting and leaving the euro would be beyond catastrophic, 
  indeed , since the late 90s early 2000s russia has pursued a policy of regaining it 's influence to the level it had back during the cold war , both in general but specifically on countries in eastern europe and central asia . 
  yes , and dissolve the nation as a political unit . 
  concentrate power at the provincial level for things like health care , education and so on , and the the federal level for defence , foreign policy , etc. 
  do n't be afraid of the east . 
  a lot of people go to berlin , london , paris , madrid ... and they miss out on exactly how amazingly fun , fantastic and beautiful countries like estonia , lithuania or poland can be . 
  the east is also a lot cheaper . 
  haha , you 're right , it 's what happens when you only have time for reddit inbetween switching articles for your thesis . 
  i guess i see subsiding the smaller farms as a way of allowing the kids of family farmers to move to university and work in cities and sell off farms when they inherit , rather than letting family farms go bankrupt , allowing rural communities to collapse and having a spike of unemployment in the cities as people from the countryside flood into the cities . 
  i guess to aslate , that kind of stuff is subservient to maintaining efficient agriculture and cutting taxes that would otherwise go to subsidies . 
  great comfort when theres 5 years of terrible yields and people in europe are starving despite there being arable land that could 've been put to use . 
  but agriculture , unlike , say , renewable energy technology , has huge swings in production . 
  where in one year there is a bumper crop , in another there can be a huge shortage leading to famine , and this is based off of non-human controlled factors . 
  are you saying that knowledge drain is n't real , that there might not be skills shortages associated with the decimation and later reconstruction of an entire industry ? 
  the point i was making before was that agriculture needs support now to maintain an educated and advanced workforce that can use modern agricultural practices , so that it does n't require substantial training , education and capital to be recreated in the future when it is economically viable . 
  right , but the subsidies are needed now to maintain production , else agribusiness and smaller producers will become bankrupt and there 'll be a knowledge drain of agricultural producers . 
  remove the subsidies now , many agricultural concerns go bust , and when europe needs them they wo n't be around to produce the food . 
  the people working in them , and their rural support communities ( small towns and whatnot ) , will flood into cities and create societal instability through increased pressures on unemployment and the like . 
  keep the subsidies , and the knowledge remains in place for when the pressures of time make it economically more viable . 
  second , i never argued for more funding for subsidies . 
  makes sense . 
  do you know if any money has been allocated for export subsidies for the 2013-2020 budget ? 
  curse my inattention during high-school french !, 
  my google-fu is no good in this case , the last i heard was their commitment at the hong kong ministerial to end them in 2013 and that their spending on export subsidies has been dropping every year since then , i do n't suppose you could provide a link ? 
  sorry , you 're mistaken . 
  economies of scale and all that , larger farms are more efficient than smaller farms . 
  the reason that france gets more subsidies is because much of the cap also goes towards giving smaller producers a livable income , under the single payment scheme . 
  more efficient producers ( such as the larger uk ones ) , do n't need to be subsidized as much and hence the uk gets less cap money . 
  of course , cap calculations for what people get are notoriously complex and convoluted , but that 's what happens when you try and balance a fair , politically acceptable , and workable kind of policy . 
  for example , as my good friend / u/igelkotten is so fond of saying , ` what about the skogsbete ?? ', 
  you should read [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1c736z/in_unusual_move_german_chancellor_has_invited_uk/c9drnm6 ) post i made in this submission as well , you 'll see that your facts are a little bit out of date  export subsidies are set to be phased out this year , most of the cap money going to wine subsidies is to change it from wine to actually profitable crops , and so on . 
  what parts do you think are ` insane ' ? 
  wait , what ? 
  300 billion in 2008 ? 
  where the fuck did you get that number ? 
  that 's ridiculously overstated , by a factor of more than 6 . 
  and have you considered why europe needs to keep that agriculture here ? 
  edit : because i want to be useful , here 's why europe needs to subsidize agriculture : 1 . 
  the world population is expected to rise by another 1.5 billion within the next 35 years , or about an increase of 20 % . 
  that 's a shitload of extra mouths to field , but in addition as poorer countries get more developed and start demanding more choice ( and the associated waste with that ) , it means a huge increase in the amount of food that needs to be produced globally . 
  agriculture is inextricably tied to oil . 
  in western countries , around 10 % of oil and gas consumed goes directly into the food process ( growing , transporting , packaging , etc ) . 
  whilst we 're finding a number of unconventional sources for those resources , the price is still rising and as a finite resource will continue to rise . 
  other associated resources , such as potash , are also beginning to run dry . 
  this is going to increase the price of food globally . 
  global climate change is making food production increasingly less predictable and unlreliable , not to mention destroying arable land . 
  sea rises from melting ice caps will flood a good portion of arable land across the globe over the coming decades ( remember a good portion of arable land is close to rivers and river deltas ) . 
  not only that , but the changing weather patterns also means river floods are more likely to occur damaging production , excessive rains or dry spells ruining production , and so forth . 
  to those that claim neoliberalism is the way , just let poor countries grow our food - in 2008 , staple crops ( grain , rice , wheat , maize , etc ) rose drastically in price , some even going as high as 118 % increase . 
  this caused a number of countries to institute export bans to keep the price down in their own countries . 
  in quite a few other countries , there was rioting , looting and demonstrations as a response to those high prices . 
  you think bangladesh will export their crops to europe when their people are clamouring for affordable food at home ?
