  in each case , it 's generally dependent on what the accepting country 's criteria is . 
  muslims do n't have ` usual attire ' . 
  other languages : hard to learn , hard to master . 
  how do you propose to manage the transition to provide some sense of stability in people 's lives ? 
  i contributed a number of times , submitting articles and the like such as [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/european/comments/2ekh3h/man_held_for_stockholm_school_axe_attack/ ) . 
  i did n't take a pot-shot at ewo , i clarified what he self-described himself as . 
  they recently banned me for reminding them that one of their top mods was a self confessed racist , and that another advocated massacring refugee men , women , and children as a deterent . 
  apparently that constitutes ` personal attacks ' , despite me not using it in an offensive manner . 
  so much for ` free speech zone ' . 
  i 'm not asking the state to provide it , i 'm saying that more has to done from the side of the host-nation * society * . 
  my mum was an immigrant to australia some 40 years ago , without speaking english . 
  her neighbours basically ` adopted ' her , took her under her wing , invited her over for barbecues and the like despite the fact she could n't properly communicate at the time . 
  they taught her australian values and the australian way of life , else she might 've just been another dumb immigrant stuck just hanging out with other people from her home country , speaking poor english , and never became the professional she still is . 
  it takes an effort from both sides , not just the side of the immigrants . 
  i do n't mean to discount your experiences , but there is a world of difference between being from a privileged background ( parents being doctors , presumably upper middle class ) and being from a disadvantaged background . 
  that 's a two-way street . 
  consider , many of these immigrants do n't know the language they 're moving to very well , so they will have difficulty making friends and communicating in the language . 
  they also do n't have any social support networks that other people have ( friends , family , work colleagues , etc ) that they can rely on in times of stress . 
  they also tend to be poor , so poor immigrants tend to all move to low income neighbourhoods . 
  the confluence of these three make it extremely difficult , especially when working long hours in low-paying jobs and just trying to survive one day at a time , to integrate into the society . 
  if the host-nations people really want them to integrate into society , they have to make some effort too . 
  immigrants are n't going to pick up cultural values by osmosis , they have to be taught it by the host population . 
  france does n't let everyone into the country . 
  it 's the same guy reposting it every day , albeit with a different headline . 
  it was n't forced by the eu , see [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/ireland/comments/2abp0c/you_are_aware_that_ireland_bailed_out_the/cith8nk ), 
  was n't sure if eastern european galicia or spanish galicia ... 
  nope . 
  if it were submitted by someone that was n't an out-and-out racist i would n't ignore it for the fact it was agenda setting . 
  i do n't mean just from poland , but from whole europe, 
  it seems there 's another announcement like this every other week . 
  at the rate this is going , eventually there 'll be so many joint command units that none will exist independently in their own country . 
  which , whilst a bit out there , may partially be the point to make people used to having joint military units in a european context . 
  i 'm someone that 's lived almost my entire life in big cities ( 1million + ) . 
  i love it , the excitement , the bustle , the life . 
  it 's just so alive with people living their own way . 
  there 's always something you can do , there 's always new things to see and explore . 
  i do n't think it 's the same in the countryside . 
  a lot less excitement . 
  a lot less life ( in the human-relatable way ) . 
  but there 's a peace , a serenity about it that is really well captured in one of australia 's best and most known movies , the castle . 
  i 'm happy to visit the countryside often ( never felt quite at peace like i did when i was in estonia , finland , or the swedish countryside ) , but for me , to truly live ... 
  it 's got ta be a big city . 
  / r/whiterights , / r/greatapes , etc. 
  i bet / r/european would love this article . 
  i did n't realise you were such a big fan of the death sentence for destruction of property . 
   shot on sight charming . 
  let 's kill people for destroying a tiny bit of property . 
  i know you love to flood the subreddit with ttip submissions , but it 's the scotland referendum today so i do n't think it 's going to gain much traction . 
  no , but the bases in germany are staging posts to quickly deploy forces . 
  they could have planes of troops and materiel landing every few minutes . 
  again , even there , he is not saying that a scotland taking on it 's share of the debt is contingent upon a currency union . 
  he was saying there was nothing stopping them using it regardless . 
  i do n't know , it 's early morning , maybe i 'm mishearing it and if so i apologize , but could you quote me the part where he specifically says that ? 
  regardless , if true , he has a point . 
  scotland and ruk own the pound jointly . 
  and he 's right , it is a joint asset . 
  i do n't believe that means that the scots have a right to use the pound against the wishes of ruk regardless , but it certainly deserves some consideration . 
  that said , i 'm sure if there is a final ` yes ' vote then both countries will come to the negotiating table with cool heads and work out a sensible compromise . 
  or kosovo with the euro , as i mentioned . 
  i ca n't really see scotland doing that , it would create an instant wedge between the two . 
  most likely option is that it 's a pre-independence play and if the result of the referendum is yes , they 'll come up with a sensible compromise plan . 
  sorry , i remain sceptical . 
  that 's the kind of thing that could be very easily misinterpreted , and i do n't think he was referring to intangible assets when they were talking about tangible debts . 
  late 20s , from australia , but i 've been living in europe the last 5-6 years . 
  nowhere did they say they would only take the debt if they get a currency union . 
  nothing in the article linked supports the case that you make , beyond the headline , and given the numerous times the bbc has been accused of bias on the issue , i 'm going to need something considerably more substantive than just a headline unbacked by any quotes . 
  they would n't be defaulting as it would n't be their debt . 
  it would be the uks debt , of which scotland would not be a part . 
   he 's specifically said he 'd only take the debt if he gets a currency union as he 's started to refer to it as an asset . 
  got a link to this ? 
  edit : nowhere in the bbc link you provided do they say they will only take on their share of the liabilities if they get a currency union . 
  honestly ? 
  that they were complaining there were too many mena immigrants around . 
  do we ? 
  i 've never heard that before in my life . 
  do you have a link anywhere saying that he thinks they can unilaterally impose the pound ? 
  i 'm sure it would 've been big news if that was the case , and i have n't seen any such thing . 
   but the ruk representatives have clearly said it 's not going to happen , so i presume he will be forced to default it 's uk sovereign debt , not scottish sovereign debt . 
  scotland is under no obligation to take it on . 
  they 've said they 're willing to take on their share , if they get their share of boe assets as well . 
   the yes voters are deluding themselves if they think they , as just over five million , can dictate terms to 58 million people and win every negotiation to their advantage . 
  i 've also seen no evidence that people think this is the case . 
  honestly , most of your posts seem to just take the most negative attitude possible towards ` yes ' voters . 
  you might want to tone down on that a little bit . 
  he ca n't unilaterally do that , unless he goes the kosovo route which he simply wo n't do . 
  the idea that he 'd unilaterally start using the pound is ludicrous , and i 'm sure he knows that . 
  it would jeapordize scotland 's relationship with it 's largest trading partner and would be a sharp obstacle to joining the eu , something scotland ca n't afford - the far mroe likely option was a currency union . 
  whoever told you he was planning on doing it unilaterally was probably pulling your leg . 
  in that case , scotland would be under no obligation to take on uk debt . 
   salmond has seriously talked about just defaulting and i think he has n't got enough criticism for that . 
  has n't he talked about doing this only in the case that scotland does n't receive it 's fair share of the bank of england assets ? 
  that seems only fair ... 
  eh , i did n't like how he spent half the time creating strawmen against the ` nationalists ' . 
  i feel he was making a speech more for people that already supported the ` no ' vote , rather than trying to swing those that were yes or undecided . 
  their military intervention was justified , their actions once they were on the island were not . 
  i 'm pretty sure it is . 
  i did n't claim they were forced into ethnic cleansing , i said they were justified in responding to the military coup with an intervention . 
  nothing more . 
  i 'm sorry , are you arguing that the turks should 've stood by and let a coup run by a strong anti turkish greek cypriot nationalist dictator and backed by the greek military junta overturn the constitution , join cyprus with greece , and discriminate against the turkish-cypriots ? 
  i did n't say it was , but that was n't your argument .
