  ergo , spains constitution is the only legal basis to take it from . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not arguing against catalan independence . 
  i mean , i have more basque and catalan friends than i do ` spanish ' - and i have a lot of friends from spain . 
  i 'm harder on the catalans and basques as a consequence because i 'm tired of hearing nationalistic rhetoric that does n't stand up to scrutiny when we talk about it , and hence push for them to provide better reasons . 
  i 'm just clarifying that what the latvian pm said does n't make a lick of difference . 
  that 's irrelevant in the context of what the lavian pm said . 
  then they would n't have used the word ` legitimately ' . 
  legitimate specifically means conforming with the law/rules . 
  i wonder how many estonians get confused every time they hear the name of port that russia leases . 
  i smiled at that too . 
  what 's the land without sex , i ca n't see flair . 
  is there much indie electro , or perhaps something similar to brodka ? 
  really ? 
  i 've seen far more commonality lately with the german-polish partnership than the franco-german . 
  i did n't say they did n't share the same goals , i merely said most catalan people i spoke to said they considered it irrational . 
  surely flying jacob would be more appropriate for a potluck ? 
  ignore the west . 
  everyone goes to the west . 
  sure , it 's great , but cities like krakow , lviv , tallinn , and vilnius are super great - because they 're cheap , you do n't lack for amenities and they 're not filled with a thousand million tourists . 
  bit of both , to tell you the truth . 
  compared to danish prices , poland is a paradise . 
  if you have a danish salary , but live in a polish city , you live like a king . 
  oh yeah , of course , that 's why i specified in bars , restaurants , pubs !, 
  7-8zl / beer ( usually 550ml ) , 3-4zl / water ( usually 200ml ), 
   why not just advocate the wider democratic debate and oppose the secret votes by meps ? 
  there 's very little political or societal will edging for democratic reform . 
  fptp was defeated . 
  the pirate party in germany are seen as a joke ( and in many cases , rightly so ) . 
  the public is bombarded with poorly written articles about the eus ` democratic deficit ' , ignoring that it 's a body created by the member-states to allow them to exert control more directly through the council of ministers and the european council . 
  most articles i read about the eu are confused messes written by people that have little understanding of how it works , and this distracts people from thinking about domestic voting reform instead onto dealing with the eus ` democratic deficit ' . 
  advocating a wider democratic debate is all well and good , but nothing would come even close to kickstarting it like a secret vote by meps on the budget . 
  if it brought down the eu , so be it so long as it provides a sustained high-intensity societal debate that helps progress democratic systems . 
   you also did n't answer about whether eu treaties should be put to the vote in principle ( not what historically happened but what should happen from here on in ) . 
  in principle , yes . 
  in current practice , no . 
  given what i just said about media confusion over how the eu functions , combined with the myriad current democratic flaws in member state , ( whether to do with the issues you mentioned , above-the-line voting as was a problem in the most recent australian senate election ) , or the refusal to incorporate the increasingly powerful increases in technological communication and computing into how current democratic processes work , i think that democratic reform needs to start within each member-state . 
  else you run the risk of any future eu changes being seen as ` undemocratic ' , much as past treaty changes have been , because contemporary democratic practices were far from optimal . 
   if you support things like that , how can you logically oppose a referendum on new eu powers or oppose us knowing how meps vote ? 
  or do you support a referendum on new treaties ? 
  let 's hear it , i will think far better of you if you do support the democratic option . 
  christ , again you deal with petty semantics . 
  the entire point of me supporting that was * that it would start a debate about democracy * , as i said . 
  yes , i said i supported that , just because i knew the kind of hubbub that would eventuate from it across the media leading to new ways of thinking about democracy , not because i thought that meps voting in secret would be a direct democratic benefit . 
   why should you have any power over our affairs until we have democratically approved this state of affairs with a referendum ? 
  it 's hardly some kind of crazy british arrogance to merely say my country should decide its own fate . 
  your mps voted for it . 
  if you did n't like it , then the british public should 've voted for electoral reform decades ago , such as the ones you mentioned earlier . 
  but just because those reforms are n't in place does n't mean that all prior legislature is rendered null and void , just as the british acceptance of each subsequent eu treaty . 
  that , simply put , is a poor justification for ignoring international treaties . 
   what a load of evasive pablum , you advocated a secret vote in the parliament over the budget increasing so the meps would n't have to face the disapproval of the voters , end of . 
  again , what a reductively black and white reading . 
   `` use of new technologies '' e-voting , liquid democracy , etc. 
  the development of democracy in the west has largely stagnated , i 'd like some more political experimentation with democracy so that it can advance in step with technology and modern political thought . 
  but you 're a conservative dinosaur , so the world should adopt the * clearly superior * british culture of democracy , right ? 
  fptp worked for you 50 years ago , it should damn well work for you now !, 
   i look down on you because you are an authoritarian and you look down on the citizens from your `` great height '' which amounts to very little . 
  i look down ? 
  please show me where any of this has been the case . 
   and how long have you even been in the eu ? 
  i 'm an eu citizen as well , and i 've spent considerable time here as a child and during my studies . 
  i have memories dating back to 89 here and i was born much earlier than that . 
  leave me alone fallacybot, 
   believe you were the one who was saying it 's ok to have secret vote in the eu parliament on most matters so we could n't tell how our elected representatives had voted . 
  so you do n't even believe in minimal representative democracy . 
  you are in truth a technocratic authoritarian and you do n't have a democratic bone in your body . 
  i wo n't be taking any lectures from you . 
  perhaps you 're forgetting the part where i specifically stated that i was fine with it since it would open up the debate about how we want democracy to function and would allow for the use of new technologies and ideas in the democratic process . 
  oh wait , i responded to someone else about that rather than you , seeing as you continued with ad hominems , snark , and intellectual dishonesty , instead of in the spirit of civil discourse , and hence refused to justify myself to you . 
   speaking of lectures , you just graduated did n't you ( hence you are an expert with opinions on everything ) ? 
  how 'd your search for unpaid internships go ? 
  ah , you 're referring specifically to me asking about internships in estonia , which was due to me wishing to go there with my girlfriend ? 
  and i did n't just graduate , that happened some time ago . 
  but continue looking down on me and assuming that , by virtue of your ` age ' and your tacit assumption that i was just a student , that you know more than i do . 
  ah , sir_wolfie , still continuing with your simplistic ` it 's not democracy unless it 's either exactly as the british do it , or direct democracy ' ? 
  a great deal of the most advanced teaching materials are in english , as is the overwhelming majority of global scientific literature . 
  someone does something slightly inconsiderate and probably regretted it later - `` fuck that bitch , she should get tasered '', 
  that subreddit is filled with the shittiest , most petty fucking people in the world . 
  thanks !, 
  source ? 
  jesus christ , it 's amazing how many people want to fucking delude themselves into thinking that a man who * began indiscriminately levelling districts in response to peaceful protests * could n't have used chemical weapons to try and terrorise the populace into being submissive . 
  cynical scepticism of foreign intervention is ridiculous , everyone wants to seem smarter than the last by saying the government is n't giving the ` true story ' . 
  hey , when i was at the fiesta de la virgen blanca people took me for a native , so it ca n't be that !, 
  this comment is so horribly wrong its not funny , most basque girls ive mey have tended towards the opposite spectrum, 
  if you think it was the uk that pushed the us i to considering intervening in syria , rather than a changing international situation combined with domestic politicking , you 're dreaming . 
  as i said , it 's structural problems with how its set up, 
  that does n't come from meps . 
  unfortunately , meps are largely impotent thanks to the way that the eu is set up which concentrates so much ultimate power with the heads of government of each member . 
  why does the name hint at being right wing ? 
  it will be if you do n't work to fix it . 
  isolationism does n't work , history bears that out time and time again . 
  krugman is a hammer , everything to him is a nail . 
  i recall when the cypriot crisis began , he said that they should leave the euro straight away , whilst admitting that he did n't really know anything about the crisis . 
  similarly , he criticized estonian austerity , despite the fact that it worked , and has said a myriad of other stupid shit as well . 
  he 's ceased being an economist , and now is striving to be seen as an international personality . 
  let september 11 remain a day of infamy ( in the eyes of telecoms companies ) !, 
  not to mention that they 'd get treated like shit pretty much everywhere but in the west ... 
  refugees are legal you xenophobic ... 
  i 'm not going to end that sentence nicely , so i 'll leave it there . 
  australia, 
  masters degrees in poland and sweden .
