  as for your dutch example , many voters ( around 30 % ) that voted no to the referendum were doing so to show their dissatisfaction with the dutch government , rather than because they were against the referendum . 
  there are other reasons , but there 's no point getting into them now because the point i 'm trying to get at is this : democracy is * really fucking complicated * . 
  if only 60 % of eligible voters vote against a proposal , could it not be implied that the rest were happy to leave the decision to the politicians ( who pushed it through in the end ) , giving it the majority support it needed ? 
  people always look at the democracy issue in binary terms , not realising that determining what is and is not democratic is one of the most challenging fucking problems in western politics . 
  in favour , get rid of the nation as a political notion within the eu and transfer all their power upwards and downards . 
  it 's pretty well held that governance is best done at the very top and at the very bottom , how would funneling power from the middle government ( national ) to top level and local ( eu and regions ) not be a good thing ? 
  look , i get that you 're a hardcore neoliberal , but there are so many uncontrollable variables that can affect agriculture that classic neoliberal thinking doesnt work for it . 
  poor weather patterns for 5 years could put a producer out of business , temporary favourable weather conditions in one area can make good artificially cheap over longer periods and so on . 
  because it could destroy normally productive and profitable sectors of the local economy . 
  yeah , people tend to think ridiculously short term about this . 
  i mean , the population is meant to be around 2 billion more in the next 30 years , global warming is going to play havoc with traditional farming schedules ... food security is as important now as ever . 
  the wto ca n't make a country pay another country , they can allow a country to impose duties on the offending countries exports though to pay for damages . 
  why ? 
  some bullshit emotional call to patriotism/nationalism rather than pragmatism ? 
  was n't there news recently of poland doing similar with lithuania and ukraine ? 
   is n't it just sensible and to be expected that women more often cut back on paid work when children arrive in a family ( since the only difference between the two partners are the physical issues ) this comes down to laws , but in general a woman does n't need more than 2-3 months off for pregnancy/child birth recovery . 
  after that , in civilized countries , parental leave is pooled between the two parents meaning that it 's possible to distribute the time off work in total equally between the parents . 
  but , societal pressures and preexisting discriminatory factors ( men on average having higher wage , hence it makes more sense for the man to keep working and the woman to stay home , etc ) disincentivize men to takes time off work and incentivize women to do so instead . 
   i should have counted how many times i 've heard today that `` with more women bankers , there would be less problems '' and `` if women were in power there would be less war '' ... 
  unfortunately , morons do n't cancel eachother out . 
   but you see the different employment stats and just assume that all the differences must be caused by discrimination . . a few percentage points either way , i could probably chalk that down to random happenstance . 
  the numbers that we have though are quite a bit more than that . 
  because either there 's a cultural component that affects hiring and remuneration ( hence , discrimination ) or you believe that women are naturally not as good as men ( hence , sexism ), 
  true , and it 's also one of the reasons that women are underrepresented in the traditionally lucrative stem fields as well . 
  funny , that was basically my comment to you . 
  your own reading comprehension is terrible , reread it, 
  your arguments were ` people will think women are incapable ' and ` slippery slope ! ' . 
  my arguments were ` theres a problem that can be solved through legislation with negligible economic consequences ' and ` i 'm pretty sure women would rather have good jobs , and have the off chance that an idiot thinks theyre incapable because of the quota system , than not have the job ' , and adding to that ` reasons for hiring are notoriously complex and can easily be evaded , but thats not the point , the point is that there 's corporate cultures that incentivise hiring men over women ' . 
  looking at that , it 's clear the best option is quotas , your arguments were emotional , mine were rational . 
  relative to now , yes , good . 
  relative to eachother at a given time , no bad . 
  ignoring the silly notions of ` but then we 'll make people think they 're not capable !, 
  ' , this is a way to effectively end gender discrimination within 10 years . 
  as i said , have the quota system apply for only 10 years so that you can get rid of the old boys club and women can get the jobs that they 're qualified for , but do n't get because of business cultural practices . 
  in 20 years , no one will care that their predecessors got the job with the help of quotas . 
  this is a problem where we have a reasonable solution for good outcomes , and yet people are dead set against it because of silly reasons . 
   the mpaa ? 
  this is europe , not america . 
  right , that was the point . 
  ` micro $ oft is extortion racket ! ', 
  and ` recording industries just spend all money on lobbying for drm , theyre evil ' are just as useless posts as what i wrote , typical redditer knee jerk reaction posts . 
  try harder at coming up with something useful . 
  nothing wrong with high gdp , bit theyre talking high * relative * gdp, 
  fuck the mpaa !!!, 
  oh wait , just like the two preceding comments , this is a useless one that does n't add anything to the discussion . 
  are you kidding ? 
  you guys are talking about maintaining a high us-eu percentage of world gdp , ie : stop johnny foreigner getting rich relative to us . 
  he 's a troll , he comes back every now and then with a slightly higher number . 
  he was once / u/7499 , / u/7500 and so on , if i 'm not mistaken . 
  they each get banned from / r/europe eventually . 
  hoard the wealth so the dirty foreigners do n't get it !, 
  mercantilism is the way of the future !, 
  i like you simon , we tend to agree about most things . 
  i 've tried to make the same arguments as you before , downvotes away . 
  good luck though . 
  i always found it curious , i 'm for a legislative ( ie : quotas ) in the short term approach , the kind that might be phased out after 5-10 years , just because i know that there is an inherent bias towards selecting males over females for better positions . 
  the argument sometimes seems to be the circular ` men have more experience -  keep hiring experienced men who mentor men -  men have more experience ' , as that 's the only possible natural reason i can find that men have more top tier positions ( biological functions as a reason for women not having top tier jobs , like babies , have also been legislated away in many countries by having a common pool of parent leave , rather than separate maternal-paternal leave , and most women that would be going after those kinds of jobs would be beyond child bearing age anyway ) . 
  legislating for quotas would remove that , and is actually something that could be fixed through law , unlike legislating for equality of outcome as some people complain about , which is a huge strawman in the quotas debate anyway . 
  anyway , it 's unfortunate you 're getting downvoted just because some people have a gut reaction of ` there is no gender disparities/feminism doesnt real/men have problems too , shut up ' , despite you arguing civilly . 
  i never said swedes are racist , and its more than just muslim names ( the last one i read was about a guy from romania ) . 
  problem with sweden : often it 's the best swede for the job , rather than the best person for the job . 
  every month there 's a new story of a person with a foreign sounding surname applying and not getting any interviews , then changing their name on the applications and getting multiple call backs . 
  i 'm not going to derail this thread any further , so i 'll send you a pm instead . 
  the point was rather that , by using the word drown , it 's meant to make it clear that the statement was n't seriously intentioned , rendering your point about indelicacy null and void . 
  regardless , have you seen / r/europe lately ? 
  racist , islamophobes , homophobes , trolls , cultural supremacists and worse running around brazenly stating their nasty opinions . 
  i hardly think i 'm worthy of being singled out when that trash is running loose . 
  c'mon , no one actually means that someone should go and kill themselves when they say ` go kill yourself ' . 
  it 's just an emphatic way of portraying how much scorn you have for that person and their position . 
  i realise you 're probably not a native speaker , but ` drown ' is used incorrectly in that sentence . 
  it implies that someone is so utterly consumed by fire that it 's as if they 're drowning in it , rather than just burning to death . 
  i figured that would clearly show that it was n't seriously intentioned . 
  your views are abhorrent , go drown in a fire . 
  what am i reading ? 
  what poland needs is more stefan starzynskis , and a great deal of them . 
  greece joined before countries like sweden , finland and estonia ( successful eu countries ) did ... 
  it would take a great deal more than 2 years for them to begin to recover , and the country would be a nightmare throughout . 
  not exactly . 
  it 's a great deal more difficult for new parties to gain votes than old ones due to entrenched loyalties . 
  that he got 8 % when his party has only existed a few months is extremely impressive . 
  can you provide sources of examples of industrial production that the eu restricted ? 
  this is sounding ridiculous . 
  you speak english and german and hungarian . 
  that 's a great start . 
  if i were you , i 'd take another post communist state language , so you can specialize in any work you do in the future . 
  why is jeresig a moderator ? 
  he does n't post in europe and seems to have no involvement with the subreddit , as with kitestramuort . 
  i 'm tired of this argument . 
  it 's made all the time in respect to australia as well , where ignorant people can attribute all economic success of a country to one factor . 
  well done on trying to keep things in perspective . 
  you 're one of my most upvoted users . 
  it was an american joke , not a point about his spelling . 
  the us is garbage . 
  if cheaper the better , stick to the former soviet bloc . 
  countries like lithuania and estonia are cheap and super awesome . 
   the usa are compost, 
  what 's your point ? 
  there 's more to fiscal responsibility than just balancing the budget . 
  i said ` sell at a loss ' , ie for not much money . 
  that way she would n't have to put up her other two houses as collateral .
