   this is true and undermines your later point about the euro parliament . 
  because decision making is dominated by the eu commission and everything goes through them the parliament is often powerless . 
  and this demonstrates your lack of understanding of how the eu works . 
   take the situation with cyprus , this wealth tax apparently came from the troika and the parliament were n't consulted . 
  the small nation of cyprus has not only been bullied by the troika which undermines sovereignty but the public representatives of each nation within the eu had no say in the decision making either . 
  and another complete misunderstanding of the processes , compounded by conflating different institutions and bodies into a bogeyman , followed by talk of ` bullying ' despite the fact that the troika could have not offered them any deals . 
  they 're lending money , there are strings attached . 
  that 's how it is in life . 
  it 's kind of sad that fee myth of the free market sorting out problems abounds . 
  there are numerous cases/exceptions where that is just simply not the case , and yet this kind of neoliberal thinking has been latched onto as a kind of dogma without regards to serious thought of the consequences . 
  not accusing you of this , more just a general frustration i have . 
  imposing the levy on the smaller accounts was their way of not frightening away larger ones . 
  if you 're a millionaire , you 'd prefer the 9.9 % cut than the 30-40 % one . 
  cypriots will have to use the banks regardless , so theyd have to stay/return to them . 
  however if the country shows its trying to protect larger depositors , it has a far better chance of keeping those accounts and maintaining its finance industry . 
  their business model was working until greece collapsed . 
  they probably think if they keep their financial structure intact , they can continue their business . 
  you do n't want people losing confidence in your banks if their one of your major industries . 
  it can be like ` negative growth ' !, 
  til . 
  thanks . 
  i was going to type out a long answer , but i 'm tired of arguing with people that think that poorly thought out internet opinion is somehow preferable to educated analysis . 
  it already has a primary surplus . 
  if they do n't have to pay an extra 8 % / year on bonds ( last source i found said that their rate was 11 % ) then they end up with a huge primary surplus . 
  it 's high bond yields that 's strangling them now , not a lack of growth . 
  italy is the one we should be worried about , not cyprus . 
  greece has shown that it has stabilized , it 's not longer hemorrhaging money and people are no longer seeing a serious chance of default or leaving the eurozone . 
  ergo , risk , and hence rates , drop . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but in a few years when bond rates stabilize around 2-3 % , if the greek government continues as it is it will have a serious primary surplus . 
  seems all their measures are thus set about establishing financial confidence in the eurozone ( and in greece in particular ) for the long term , whilst short term things go to shit . 
  as to vat , different items are taxed differently , so it 's probably closer to an 8 or 9 % decrease in consumption . 
  i meant that making fun of religion is low hanging fruit . 
  it 's just done so often , everywhere , that it 's boring and unoriginal now . 
  ` age of the universe ' is just such a bizarre concept , difficult to get your head around it . 
  low hanging fruit , dude . 
  have some class . 
  no , none of what you said applies , and is a simplistic and reductive understanding of how international agreements work . 
  like i said , read up about putnam 's ` two level game ' theory , and maybe check out some kind of intro to international relations text book . 
  fits his agenda ? 
  6billion euros is a paltry sum . 
  does n't ? 
  omg eu wasting money gib sovereignty plox, 
  yeah , i heard mj-12 and the caldwell group are involved as well . 
  giips ? 
  simply put , in negotiations informing the public about the course of the deliberations severely limits the options of the negotiating parties . 
  almost all negotiation is done in secret because you can get better outcomes , and if the terms get too bad one party can walk away . 
  check out stuff like putnams two level game theory for more info . 
  the russian elite is entirely propped up by energy reserves , not selling to europe for any extended period of time is simply not an option for them . 
  hardly surprising , the new boeing fleet is grounded worldwide due to safety issues . 
  airbus has been making consistently better lcas than boeing for years . 
  thing is , it 's been shown that some people are more productive later in the day and some earlier . 
  i do n't want to have to start prepartying at the time of day that i 'm most productive . 
  look , i 've argued with the guy before . 
  there 's no point trying to convince them , they have their opinions and ignore all else , even in the face of evidence , and then change sentences around and plays with meaning until you give up trying to argue with someone that does n't care about facts . 
  italy has n't failed . 
  there 's nothing substantially wrong with its banking sector , it falls down to berlusconi maintaining the status quo during his considerable time in office , as opposed to promoting structural reforms and clamping down on corruption . 
  if anything , i think term limits would make politicians more likely to be shit in their final term , as opposed to trying to be reelected all the time . 
  banker directed ? 
  i 'd say berlusconi directed for spending his entire political capital on maintaining power rather than promoting structural reforms . 
  theres no point fining someone that has no money is what i am saying . 
  eh , acting childish is acting childish . 
  well , it 's not like they can fine people with no money . 
  it was done jointly by the ecb and the imf . 
  i 'd be more likely to believe the imf , an organization with a long and inglorious history of experimenting in troubled economies , was the one that pushed for this more than the ecb . 
  i hope your cancerous whore of a mother has both her legs amputated . 
  there , now i 've stooped to your level and we 're both being childish and all of a sudden this entire topic is derailed because you do n't know how to shut the fuck up and accept criticism and downvote everyone that objects . 
  your post was stupidly editorialized . 
  how hard is it to make a title that puts forth information without sensationalizing ? 
  there 's about 15 articles on / r/europe about this very topic already , most of them managed . 
  i know , i was referring to the seeming dislike many lithuanians have against poles . 
  fair enough . 
  cypriot . 
  during disasters/catastrophes , countries sometimes impose a levy to pay for the damages ( such as following the floods in australia ) . 
  how is this that fundamentally different , if it 's considered that the collapse of the banking sector will lead to greater problems ? 
  you make the assumption that a loss of competitiveness if intrinsic in joining the euro . 
  ah , europe . 
  ` united in diversity ' , unless that includes ` gypsies ' . 
  why did they do that ? 
  how dare you be reasonable !, 
  agree wholeheartedly . 
  the eu is either an equal union , ` united in diversity ' as the eu motto goes , or it 's not . 
  that said , i understand that the problem is a lack of people willing and capable of working as interpreters there , more than anything else . 
  it could be a very tricky situation giving ` incentives ' for maltese interpreters , kind of devaluing the equal status of the languages . 
  tricky tricky . 
  haha , yeah , it 's more that that 's just a flaw i 've noticed with almost every swede that 's tried to say something like that ( i 've been living in sweden the last few years ) has made the same mistake . 
  it 's actually something people talk about surprisingly often , and no , that 's not a reflection on my cooking abilities !, 
  i 'm on an ipad , i could n't be arsed trying to play with the shitty controls to fix it at the time . 
  the swedish school system strikes again !, 
  that sentence is always a problem for swedes since it basically works on direct translation , but ` it tastes nothing ' is not a properly formed sentence . 
  you could say its bland , or it does n't have much flavour , but you ca n't say ` it tastes nothing ' or ` it does n't taste much ' . 
  i 've spent years correcting swedes with this , i should really do something better with my time . 
  i 'm also a big fan of krakow , so as a lithuanian do n't get too excited !, 
  vilnius is one of the three most amazing cities in europe !, 
  who said anything about ` wrong ' options ? 
  you said yourself that dutch politicians were pro eu , which in the scenario ( the actual case ) i outlined above would mean they 'd pick a pro-eu stance . 
  there 's no ` right or wrong ' here . 
  what ? 
  it does n't matter that he was unelected , his proposals had the support of the majority of parliament . 
  it 's not as if the eu said `` italy , this guy is now your new overlord ' . 
  italian politicians realised the challenges they faced , and so they agreed to monti 's proposals because he had the best bet of getting the country in better economic shape .
