  mexico 's output volatility decreased by almost 30 percent , and the volatility of investment fell by more than 40 percent , since 1996 . business cycles in mexico and the united states have become significantly more synchronized , with marked increases in the cross-country correlations of the major macroeconomic aggregates . 
  nafta also has been instrumental in improving macroeconomic as well as institutional policies in mexico . 
  recent research emphasizes the importance of nafta as a commitment mechanism ensuring the continuation of mexico 's reform process during the 1990s . 
  this , in turn , improved the risk profile of the mexican economy and helped attract foreign investment flows . 
  in addition , there have been improvements in institutions in charge of competition policy and intellectual property protection . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/wp/2004/wp0459.pdf ), 
  the results will be good . 
  there 's no doubt about it , the investment of international companies sends heaps of money into countries like romania , raising their level of wealth and allowing them to create more businesses . 
  if they have a per capita income of 5000euro/year , compared to 15000/year , they ca n't really achieve much in the way of innovation or investment , and the businesses they sold to foreigners will become more efficient , creating cheaper goods for the locals . 
  an international supply chain spanning the whole globe of a 40 billion euro company is much more efficient than one worth 20 million euros . 
  it 's a mistake to think of trade as just tariffs , there 's considerably more that can be done to stimulate trade in the form of cutting ntbs ( non tariff barriers ) . 
  that 's why over the past decade , trade agreements have been evolving from old style agreements ( limiting subsidies , cutting tariffs ) to so-called ` new ftas ' that cover other areas such as regulation and investment . 
  how does it reduce eu standards ? 
  just another hack anti-trade piece . 
  it 's pretty clearly a ploy to show how westminster ignores scotland , trying to push up the leave vote . 
  the comments in this submission are obscene , but / r/australia is a trainwreck 24/7 . 
  the comments in this submission are bloody obscene . 
  if you 're happy to ignore countless thousands of hours of research into non-hard science areas , then i 'm not sure there 's much more point discussing this with you . 
  one of the things i 've learned in my 30 + years is that when you 've found a source to be repeatedly disreputable ( like akarlin ) , there 's not point reading further . 
  they might get * one * thing right , but it 's not worth trawling through the rest . 
  perhaps if he 'd bother to have a neutral viewpoint , people would be more likely to consider it . 
  * one * of his sources is a * blogpost * from wapo , written by relatively pro-russian sources . 
  his posts and sources tend to be * highly * selective to his viewpoint , ignoring academic , political , and social consensus , and taking a strong pro-russia line . 
  i also do n't hold most activist ngos , such as opendemocracy , in much regard . 
  lol , that guy is one of the most biased people to ever enter this subreddit , and that 's saying something . 
  i remember sparring with him on a topic , and his responses and sources were utter * tripe * . 
   i guess not killing and kidnapping people goes a long way . 
  the soviet deportations certainly did n't help either . 
  ignoring things like slander , false advertising , etc. . . 
  it 's one thing during a private event , it 's another when broadcast on national tv . 
  `` party meeting '' ? 
  it was a damn public speech that was televised . 
  the way you right wingers distort reality is fucking terrifying . 
  are you actually stupid enough to believe this shit , or are you just trying to lie and mislead the public into supporting your side ? 
  no it has n't , do n't be ridiculous . 
  he does have a certain charisma and presence which does n't exist in many other pollies, 
  of course , those idiots cite the tufts study, 
  my phone does n't like me typing foreign sounding things , i think it might be a racist . 
  i 'm quite partial to pohhala . 
  their stouts and porters are fantastic . 
  it 's definitely a far cry from when i was first posting about the topic here three years ago . 
  copyright law is an important part of trade , copyright enforcement specifically . 
  i 'm glad acta died , but that 's not what 's been proposed here . 
  wow , who was controlling them 100 days ago and what changed them to break free 99 days ago ? 
  that 's why they do n't propose batshit stupid ideas like that ? 
  that 's ... literally not what happened . 
  isds is part of ceta as well . 
  it 's had a slight rebranding , but it 's fundamentally no different to a standard isds agreement . 
  they 're not * private courts * , and in practice there has been nothing wrong with how isds is done . 
  yeah , but removing non-tariff barriers , increasing investor protections , and liberalizing the service sector is done with the explicit purpose of increasing trade . 
  it 's bizarre to claim that it has nothing to do with trade . 
  every time i 've seen a `` massive censorship ! '', 
  type post , it 's been full of massive misinterpretations of the proposed law . 
  a few hundred employees is nothing !, 
  you really view the world as differentiated between the corner show , nad everyone else ? 
  edit : got ta ask ... what 's your life experience ? 
  no , this was you challenging my comment about smes and isds , and me knowing the actual studies that led to those statistics . 
  what do you get out of starting the same tired old argument with me each time you see my posts ? 
  you know i 'm better informed on the topic than you are , you know i 've read more academic studies and actual cases , yet still you persist . 
  you 're not very good at math , are you ? 
  ca n't be that vocal , i 've literally only heard about it when people complain about them . 
  yes , i mean the cost to run the arbitration depends on the amount the claimant is seeking in damages . 
  and sme means small/medium enterprises , not small and micro . 
  lots of smes have turnovers of 8 million . 
  but regardless , 8 million is the * average * . 
  arbitration costs typically depend on the amount of damages being sought , so smaller companies with smaller investments would typically seek smaller awards - and hence their costs are much smaller . 
  most companies using isds are smes , not giant multinationals . 
  it 's a bit yes for them to afford a full time lobbyist . 
  not trying to convince anyone , and did n't say they were dumb . 
  the people that are opposing this are ignorant . 
  yes . 
  so still refugees . 
  i 'm not saying they should be able to receive benefits if they move to a country , it 's just clear to me that they are still refugees - they can be selfish , greedy , ignorant , whatever for moving countries . 
  but still refugees . 
  yo care about both , you 're just opposed to ngos working on those issues at home . 
  you should be canonized , you 're practically a saint with that caring attitude . 
  point me to where in the refugee convention that disqualifies them as refugees . 
  how are they not refugees ? 
  according to the geneva convention they are . 
  please point me to which line in the refugee convention disqualifies them . 
  ah , so you 're one of those ' i do n't give a shit about gay/racial issues here because ithings are worse in the mideast ... 
  i also do n't care about them there either , but this is a good way to show how edgy i am ' people . 
  what does this even mean ? 
  yeah , the thing is i 've lived in a bunch of countries , including a few years in ` eastern europe ' , and know full well the degree of racism and homophobia that goes on there . 
  that 's irrelevant . 
  they 're still refugees from the country they first fled . 
  he 's cunning , but i would n't say smart . 
  this is so clearly a statement by a very comfortable westerner . 
  i do n't think there 's any text to support your case in the refugee convention . 
  called it . 
  this is far from the first or last time the two have clashes in the wto . 
  acemoglu is pretty highly regarded in the economics community . 
  he 's one of the chief pushers of new institutional economics ( though he did n't come up with it ) . 
  no problem . 
  it 's fine to be skeptical, 
  it would need a civil case ( like libel ) , there are no criminal penalties here . 
  in any case , theoretically a lot of shit could happen with the current laws . 
  that 's why we have judges interpret them to the most reasonable interpretation . 
  it says it could be interpreted as such in the future . 
  not very likely though , in general with laws one should always assume the most reasonable interpretation as this is how it is in the overwhelming majority of cases .
