  fin review . 
  only paper worth buying . 
  have you been on this sub ? 
  most people here are closet nazis . 
  i am . 
  i absolutely do n't support sending them there . 
  i do n't support putting them in camps in the slightest , it 's a fundamental violation of the refugee convention . 
  i was just making an off-colour joke . 
  how so ? 
  it 's amazing how much i 've seen you bend over backwards defending any country that 's critical of immigrants . 
  they have some good camp infrastructure already set up around 60km away from krakow . 
  sd are only publicly ok with gays , the only reason they 're siding with them is they hate muslims more . 
  wow , you 're one bloodthirsty guy . 
  you want to turn our citizens into murders , who gun down men women and children just because they walk across a border ? 
  it 's quite far , there 's a lot of disagreement still in key areas like agriculture and investment . 
  there are leaks from years ago , that are n't representative in the slightest of the final texts . 
  regardless , those were position papers that basically showed the different views of each party side by side . 
  when i see people spitting on our values such as the rule of law ( like those cheering arson attacks on asylum centres or vigilante attacks ) , then yeah , i 'm going to make an educated guess that they 're fascists as well . 
  such people are considerably more a threat to my eyes to western liberal democracy than refugees . 
  the dalai lama does n't say shit like ` sand niggers ' , nor does he tarnish a whole group of people with the same brush . 
  finnish tourists stocking up to take home to finland . 
  you should really do an economics course in that case , because what you 're writing makes you look silly to those that have studied the subject . 
  no , it 's not deeply intertwined . 
  economics does n't really draw from politics , politics draws heavily from economics . 
  do you understand now ? 
  i do n't have time to listen to a one hour talk , and i do n't really have time to teach you the fundamentals of economics either . 
  you seem to be conflating politics and economics half the time anyway , which kind of detracts from your original point in the first place . 
  if you stopped using the two interchangeably , it 'd be easier to have a discussion . 
  on an individual level , yes you 'd be right . 
  but on an aggregate level , spanning millions of people , humans do act according to that which is why it 's used . 
   i am simply stating that when you start from false assumptions you arrive at wrong conclusions . 
  * what * false assumptions ? 
  you keep claiming ` economics is neoliberal ' and that ` economics is made on false assumptions ' , but what ones ? 
  can you demonstrate this with any form of rigorous evidence ? 
  all you 've given is buzzwords and rhetoric . 
  come up with something real . 
  i mean , take the sovereignty argument - it has no power to change laws , all it can do it impose financial compensation . 
  fundamentally , every international agreement infringes on sovereignty because it involves the parties saying `` we both agree not to do this '' - are you saying you 're opposed to all international agreements ? 
  secondly , why is ` sovereignty ' such an absolute good ? 
  countries always agree to limit their sovereignty in such manners * because they recognize that the agreement provides more gain than loss * . 
  with regards to ` shadow courts ' , what do you mean by this exactly ? 
  you 'd better have some damn well thought out and convincing reasons to get rid of it then . 
   neoliberal as in what reagan and thatcher pioneered , less government involvement , less regulations , less progressive taxation . 
  they are very often based on idealistic assumptions like `` consumers are rational '' , or `` can understand economy and predict market fluctuations '' etc. 
  ttip and similar treaties seem to stem from this type of thinking . 
  except this is n't what economic consensus pushes for . 
  for example , ` trickle-down ' theory was never supported by academic consensus . 
  economics does n't seek to reduce government involvement and regulation , nor progressive taxation . 
  it merely models what effects would happen if such policies are implemented . 
  if a government chooses to implement them based on a model , ignoring the other effects that occur ( such as wealth inequality ) , that is not the fault of economics . 
  economic consensus itself is certainly not ` neoliberal ' , in polling they 're shown to be to the left of the average voter . 
  consensus economics does n't say `` let 's deregulate all the things '' , it says `` here 's what will happen if you deregulate everything '' . 
  your entire stance on the view is just so juvenile it 's hard to have a serious discussion with you on this topic . 
   i have never said that and once again you refrain to strawman argument when confronted with opposition , you 're the one that 's stating that mainstream economics has an ideological bent , and hence implying consensus economics is a manipulation done to serve said ideology . 
  your entire post is about that topic !, 
  yep , it was invented in its modern form in 1959 by germany for the germany-pakistan bilateral investment treaty . 
   i just linked first three from google i found . 
  what do you know , populist media and studies agreeing with non-specialist consensus are the most popular ones . 
  why would the top links be about boring academic consensus ? 
   well , duh , modern economics is rather neoliberal and heavily biased you 're going to have to clarify this . 
  what do you mean by neoliberal , why do you think what their thoughts are that are ` neoliberal ' , and why those thoughts are bad , and how you think that an entire academic discipline is apparently lying and misleading the public . 
  there are exit clauses for all such agreements , and as new ones come about the old ones get revised ( see , for example , a sizable chunk of nafta being replaced by the tpp ) . 
  ah , lovely . 
  labour union and left/far-left think tanks . 
  as opposed to an actual academic consensus , which is different ;  we describe the main economic arguments posed for and against the north american free trade agreement ( nafta ) during the u.s. policy debate . 
  to evaluate these arguments , we analyze recent trade data and survey post-nafta studies . 
  we find that both the u.s. and mexico benefit from nafta , with much larger relative benefits for mexico . 
  nafta also has had little effect on the u.s. labor market . 
  ** these results confirm the consensus opinion of economists at the time of the debate . 
  ** finally , studies find that trade creation greatly exceeds trade diversion in the region under nafta , especially in intermediate goods . 
  burfisher , mary e. , sherman robinson , and karen thierfelder . 
  `` the impact of nafta on the united states . '', 
  journal of economic perspectives , 15 ( 1 ) : 125-144 . https://www.aeaweb.org/articles.php?doi=10.1257/jep.15.1.125 in addition  [ some democratic candidates , including barack obama , have said that 1 million jobs have been `` lost because of nafta . '', 
  but as we noted in an earlier article , those figures are highly questionable and come from an anti-nafta source . 
  other economic studies have concluded the trade deal resulted in much smaller job losses or even a small net gain . 
  the congressional budget office surveyed all the major economic studies of nafta 's effects in 2004 and concluded : `` nafta had little or no impact on aggregate employment . 
  '' ] ( http://www.factcheck.org/2008/07/naftas-impact-on-employment/ ) that factcheck.org page has additional links to more information . 
   that said , public does n't see benefit in new trade deals so why force them ? 
  it is just very sketchy . 
  on top of that everyone can see effects of nafta . 
  which do you mean ? 
  i 've been critical of trade agreements in the past , such as ausfta ( an agreement negotiated for political reasons to bolster the support of the party in power , as opposed to for economic reasons ) . 
  it 's just a pity that most of the opposition to trade agreements and liberalized trade is so juvenile . 
  i think neither , i think there are some regulations that are good and should be in place or enacted ( those that reasonably do their darnedest to prevent another financial melt down ) , whilst some should be scrapped ( such as those that protect established banks against new competitors , for example ) . 
  i 've been in a few such discussions with that user , you wo n't get a better level of debate than that from them . 
  the author has written about ttip a bunch of times , each of them with this same level of facts ( ie ; none ) . 
  it should n't be so hard for them to point to concrete provisions in ceta , given the agreement has been public for over a year at this stage , but they refrain from doing so . 
  people that have actual academic expertise in the area , as opposed to those that do n't know what the fuck they 're talking about ? 
  what a simple life you must lead . 
  charming . 
  they did n't ignore a canadian law . 
  if you bothered to look into the case , you 'd see that what you 're saying is outright incorrect . 
  but you insist on arguing from ignorance , so i think i 'll end this discussion with you here . 
  isds does n't allow companies to ignore laws either . 
   if they think they 're entitled to a compensation they can go to court , like the rest of us . 
  a government has n't necessarily done something actionable in domestic courts when they implement a law , but it can still be discriminatory . 
  as in the ethyl case i mentioned . 
  there would 've been no remedy via domestic courts , even though it was an egregious act of discrimination . 
  they 're not ` above the law ' . 
  it 's an arbitration , it has no power to change laws , only to provide compensation if the investor has been harmed .
