  whilst british euroscepticism is tiring in the extreme , i 'd be happy if the uk stayed in . 
  they provide so much political will for desperately needed reform when other countries would be getting complacent . 
  what were your mannerheim jokes ? 
  is the public sector really so bloated in ireland ? 
  yep , i agree with you completely . 
  legalization has certainly lessened peoples ( already marginal ) interest in sex worker welfare . 
  this is n't saying legalization is a bad thing , but it 's only part of the fight . 
  there 's much more still to do . 
  eh , i 'm just glad he 'll be able to lift the standard of debate amongst the eurosceptics here , beyond ` direct democracy is only real democracy ' and all the other crap they tend to spout . 
  we have an english eurosceptic that is n't a massive arsehole and appears to be intelligent , that 's such a rarity !, 
  we should do everything in our power to make them comfortable here !, 
  c'mon guys , there 's no need to downvote him/her !, 
  to be fair , your link is two years old . 
  that does n't necessarily mean the other one is right , just that your numbers are far from current . 
  hence why i said that i 'm less certain it 's the right course , but ca n't come up with any alternatives . 
  i think i explained best [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1rttcl/germany_rethinks_its_liberal_ways_on_sex_workers/cdqvun2 )  i 'm still for legalized prostitution , but only because it 's better than the alternative . 
  i 'm just considerably less certain that it solves many of the problems surrounding the sex industry that legalization is supposed to solve . 
  did i say that somewhere ? 
  haha , my accent has lost most of the aussie twang since i moved to europe , but whenever i 'm speaking with other aussies my non-native english speaking friends can no longer understand me , as my accent reverts to my native . 
  my experiences and knowledge of australian history , politics , the social landscape and culture ( yeah , laugh away ) are somehow invalidated because i 'm an expat ? 
  do i suddenly no longer have australian friends that keep me informed , did everything change in australia since i left that would mean i would n't be able to comment on the topic with some degree of authority ? 
  this is beyond amusing . 
  half the people here insist i 'm not european and can never be . 
  apparently now i ca n't be australian either , nor do my experience and knowledge of australian history and culture matter anymore . 
  i 'm still for legalized prostitution , but only because it 's better than the alternative . 
  i 'm just considerably less certain that it solves many of the problems surrounding the sex industry that legalization is supposed to solve . 
  nah mate , trust me , this was much much worse . 
  not even comparable . 
  of course , that 's the only brothel i 've ever been in , but that was enough to shake my opinion . 
  to me , it looked very much worse than those . 
  even mining ( i 'm an aussie , of course i have miner friends , it 's actually not as bad as the 19th century images most people have pop into their head ) . 
  drugged , disheveled women whose eyes looked completely dead in human battery farm conditions . 
  certainly much worse than any of those other jobs you named . 
  it 's probably also worth noting that ciders are taking off in a big way . 
  they 're on almost every bar list now , when two years ago they were nearly non existent . 
  also , syrups in beer ... 
  what is a senior in college exactly ? 
  like , final year of your bachelor degree , or what ? 
  yeah , it 's ridiculously irritating . 
  i made the mistake of venturing into one of the defaults a while ago , onto a submission where a phone number had an australian dial code . 
  someone pointed out it was australian , an american made a stupid australian joke , aussie retaliated , and then dozens of americans turned up to defend their glorious country , whilst shitting all over everywhere else . 
  american lead the world in military spending and touchiness . 
  i went into a brothel in frankfurt with my american lady friend because we wanted to see what they looked like inside . 
  the first two would n't let us in , but we managed to get into the third by pretending we were into some kinky threeway stuff . 
  the place was absolutely horrifying , like a chicken battery farm but for people . 
  a couple of storeys in a building with long corridors of reddish/pinkish walls and lights and with the working women leaning against the doorframe looking completely bored and disinterested , possibly even drugged out . 
  needless to say , we got out of there pretty quick . 
  before i went in there , i was very much a ` liberalize the sex trade , better to decriminalize than drive it under ground ' kind of person . 
  these days , i 'm far less certain that 's the right course , but i have trouble coming up with better alternatives . 
  regardless , i was never a person who was that interested in strippers or prostitutes and this just reinforced that . 
  why is it ok to take their educated and high value work force , depriving the home country of them , but all of a sudden it 's terrible to take their uneducated workforce ? 
  surely , in the interests of fairness and equality in the eu , you should be ok with taking both ? 
  none . 
  they 're very general indicators , and do n't provide much real information except in extreme cases where it 's obvious anyway . 
  it 'll be interesting to see if a christmas trees even turns up on the square . 
  you make it sound so simple . 
  can it not have been for both ? 
  this just blew my mind ... 
  is that common in the netherlands ? 
  do you all just have everything you 'd ever want , or is there fear of bad economic times ahead ? 
  meaning ? 
  strange thing that you 're getting downvotes for this . 
  what do they propose , just keep spending at the same level , regardless of changes in circumstance ? 
  that the people that lent your country money in the first place just do n't get it back ? 
  this is amazing can anyone give some context of what exactly led to this , who the main players are , etc ? 
  you need political reform across the eurozone , run consistent surpluses for a few years , and have stronger monitoring mechanisms of national budgets . 
  plus a whole slew of others tuff . 
  this requires the cooperation and affirmation of every member who is usually dealing with others ( usually domestic ) crises at the same time . 
  so three eurosceptics walked into a eurozone discussion , and the first one said ... 
  it is a part of nato . 
  i think you should take a deep breath , mate . 
   i also think you are missing a major point in the current idea about the democratic peace . 
  it does n't say that democracies are more peaceful . 
  it says that mature democracies tend not to go to war with each other . 
  that 's literally in my post  and there are simply so many such factors that we can not definitively , or even with a high degree of certainty , say that democracy causes peace between democracies . 
  as to your next point :  democracies are pretty straightforward ( lipset among others ) and war is traditionally defined as 1000 deaths within a year . 
  ehm , look , it 's been years since i studied this but the wikipedia page should do you well enough [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/democratic_peace_theory ) . 
  i know it 's a cop-out , but my focus in my studies was n't peace building or related subjects so i do n't have an encyclopedic knowledge these days . 
  all i know is that from a quantitative perspective , it does n't bear up to scrutiny . 
  mine was also a masters . 
  i guess this is going to go down to the longstanding debate between qualitative and quantitative studies . 
  my studies had a basis in quantitative , hence i 'm naturally wary of broad theories with few direct causal links and many confounding variables . 
  the fact that mature democracies go to war is incidental to the whole peace thing . 
  if wealth is more concentrated in democracies , and wealth was the causal factor , then you ca n't claim that democracies cause peace because that would be incorrect - wealth would cause peace . 
  and there are simply * so many * such factors that we can not definitively , or even with a high degree of certainty , say that democracy causes peace between democracies . 
  simply put , there is no direct causal relationship between democracy and peace . 
  there is certainly much data to support a correlation , depending on how you define democracy and how you define war , but there is no certain causal connection there . 
  is there a general trend ? 
  sure . 
  but nothing i would stake my life on . 
  no need for so much aggression ... no , that in combination with my international relations degree . 
  the theory is terrible at finding a causal link between democracy and peace , rather a whole bunch of confounding and intermediate variables crop up that otherwise also explain it . 
  from a methodological standpoint , it 's junk . 
  and not just for the reasons previously listed , but also because there 's a longstanding tradition of moving the goal posts of what constitutes a war , and what constitutes a democracy to make the theory fit . 
  regardless , this was a methodological course in a political science unit , and around 60-70 % of the 6 month course focused on dpt , let alone touching on it elsewhere in my studies . 
  it 's not as if i had one classroom lecture and came to the opinion . 
  it 's such a shoddy theory filled with holes that it holds barely any methodological rigor at all . 
  honestly , it 's amusing that you mention gut feeling given that 's pretty much at the core of dpt . 
  democracy is as correlated with peace as wealth , strong institutions , long standing infrastructure , etc. 
  well , the course that we mostly covered it in was in methodology actually , so perhaps they were examining all the shoddy examples where people were claiming democratic peace theory .
