  it 's a pity that they dominate the european green party as will in the european parliament . 
  i voted for the green party in australia because they 're an evidence based party of progressive intellectuals . 
  the german greens are far from that . 
  i do n't know if it 's just me , but that 's not exactly a good singing voice . 
  where 's the hypocrisy , pray tell ? 
  some additional info : by polish law , they have to spent at least 1.95 % of the budget on defence . 
  europe currently gets more of it 's gas from norway , than from russia . 
  and lng import terminals are springing up all over europe . 
  it 's happening already , and quite fast , so i do n't think it 's going to hurt too much . 
  only problem is the stupidity of ending the nascent shale industry . 
  jesus , do n't respond to stupid with stupid . 
  you 'd really trust somebody like one of the kaczynskis with nukes ? 
  it 's a common narrative that i 've found in poland , one that was especially played up during communist times and ties in cosily with the ` britain arranged for sikorski 's death ' conspiracy theory for many people . 
  fact of the matter is , it was fdr refusing to have a coordinated plan of attack on how to deal with stalin at yalta and tehran that caused ` western betrayal ' , by most measures churchill tried to stand against the soviets . 
  poland had a big increase in military expenditure as a ten year modernization and procurement program kicked into effect last year . 
  it 's kind of hard to convince people here that nationality is a social construct , not an absolute . 
  lord knows , i 've tried . 
  and the double standard on white people/black people immigration sickens me . 
  kthon 's mind is a marvel . 
  i love trying to work out how he twists things to be about how the eu is evil . 
  in certain circumstances , yes . 
  yes , as it was a un sanction mission . 
  opposed past interventions ? 
  i supported intervention in syria , libya , mali , etc. 
  the reason i 'm saying the west needs to draw a red line over russia-ukraine is because russia has a history of pulling this kind of shit . 
  there 's nagorno-karabakh , transnistria , abkhazia , south ossetia , and now a possible crimea ( let alone the loss of political autonomy for ukraine ) . 
  but as usual , you wander into a thread where you know nothing about the political or historical realities and just start vomiting forth the same garbage you always do . 
  for someone that was dishonoroubly discharged , you sure have n't learnt how to keep your mouth shut . 
  this is just you trying to stir shit again , as you always do , is n't it ? 
  incidentally , i see you 're a big fan of chamberlain . 
  yeah , because appeasement worked so well in the past . 
  and my suggestion did n't call for war , it called for sending troops into ukraine ( with ukraine 's blessing ) to deter russia from attacking . 
  yes it does . 
  the consulting group penned it in-house , knowing it would generate media attention and get their name out there . 
  it 's kind of sad that so many people believe it . 
  would you prefer a longer russian border than you currently have ? 
  that would suggest the opposite . 
  you are quite possibly too stupid to argue with . 
  you 're a fucking moron , it was possible as of two years ago for people that are 16 to leave school . 
  the law was changed in 2008 and only recently went into effect that they 'd have to stay until 17 , next year it 's going to be at 18 . 
  [ it 's even in the fucking introduction on wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/education_in_england ) and these people do n't live in those countries , they just have an affinity for it , or whatever . 
  as i said mate , i 'm from australia but i do n't live * in * australia . 
  there is no rule for how a flag must be used here , i know people that have the german flag but are romanian , french that have a finnish , etc. 
  and i never condoned what he said , but it 's not the kind of thing anyone should ever get angry about . 
  but what is extremely clear to me is that you 're lacking in intelligence , because it should be abundantly clear to anyone that i meant ` left school early ' . 
  i think the best course of action right now is for ukraine to request that poland sends some troops into ukraine to help stabilize the situation , before russia invades . 
  then if russia attacks , poland can call on nato . 
  there 's no way russia would risk an attack if that were the case . 
  mate , did you just go ahead and downvote me because you mistook me for the other aussie that called you a cunthead ? 
  childish dude . 
  very childish . 
  i did n't call you a cunt head . 
  regardless , you did n't finish high school , did you ? 
  mate , i 'm from australia but i do n't * live * in australia . 
  immigrants tend to be one of the largest creators of smes . 
  it 's not like they come there and take jobs , they tend to contribute heavily to the local economy as well . 
  you have a very very very very poor grasp of history , my friend . 
  also possibly anger management issues . 
  not to mention that the repeal of that law was vetoed by the president . 
  i do n't see how my flag is relevant ? 
  secondly , the immigration causing high unemployment thing is a [ myth ] ( http://www.migrationpolicycentre.eu/migration-myths-migration-unemployment/ ), 
  how is that not true ? 
  we were discussing from the beginning terms of absolute gdp , not gdp per capita . 
  and there is no way in hell the british economy is going to expand at the 5 % + rates required to overtake the german economy within a decade , or even two . 
  i was speaking to a chinese phd student that was in my department a few years ago , he always referred to it as the ` tiananmen mistake ' rather than massacre . 
  pay never reflects the importance of the job , but rather the market for the qualifications needed and how difficult it is to keep such staff . 
  the german economy is one trillion dollars bigger than the uks . 
  the uk overtaking the german in a decade is simply out of the question . 
  that was according to a shitty study used as self promotional by a consulting group , if i recall correctly . 
  my mistake then , thanks . 
  i 've argued with this ashimpto fella before , he 's either some hardcore russophile or an ethnic russian nationalist . 
  if there 's one thing he ukrainians are good at , it 's insurgency . 
  theyve basically been doing it for five hundred years . 
  let 's hope we can avoid the wholes tunic cleansing aspect this time , though . 
  3dom is n't keen , he/she hates the situation . 
  they 're just trying to explain to you why they think russia would do it . 
  no , they ca n't . 
  but lng terminals are springing up all over europe , and they could change to other energy sources temporarily to cover the shortfall . 
  ukraine does n't have a president at the moment , i was talking about political leadership to command the army to do it , not about leadership in running the defence , and i 'm referring to the grey situation that currently exists with russian military incursions , not a hypothetical scenario where ukraine has split . 
  norway overtook russia as the biggest sender of gas to the eu last year , and putin needs europes gas money to keep his regime stable more than europe needs the gas . 
  it 's not a matter of political support from various regions . 
  it 's about the question of who can legitimately give that command to ukrainian armed forces , who would take the leadership on such an issue , and how the army would view the perceived legitimacy of those giving the order . 
  it 's not about how effective hey would be in mounting a defence . 
  it 's that there is essentially no real political leadership within the country that could make the army act at the moment that could declare that ukraine is being invaded , as opposed to border skirmishes/whatever the fuck you 'd call the current situation . 
  it 's not at the place where it 's a clear invasion , so the army has to wait for political approval to respond - and there is no political leadership . 
  a strong statement from the us regarding the budapest memorandum is probably the best way to prevent a possible sudetenland moment . 
  brussels is forced to pay more because it competes against the private sector for quality staff , whereas the leaders of countries are elected positions and have different incentives for taking those roles . 
  if you look at the qualifications of the upper echelons of the eu ( and even a considerable number of those in lower positions ) , they 're some of the most intelligent , well educated , and international renowned people in europe . 
  regardless , for the work they do , ` brussels ' is extremely cost effective given they employ the same number of people as a mid-sized city , yet cover half a continent and half a billion people . 
  every international agreement is an infringement of sovereignty in some respects , governments tolerate it as long as it brings them some kind of net benefit . 
  the entire ` sovereignty ' argument is batshit crazy , there are even republicans in the us that refuse to pass any treaty because it infringes on the us ' sovereignty , regardless of the consequences . 
  it 's just one of the least pragmatic arguments that can be made in this debate , and calls on outdated nationalist sentiment . 
  the ` wonderful ' thing about international law is that it 's so flexible . 
  i mean , which countries still protest that the us illegally invaded iraq in a non-un sanctioned mission with the goal of destroying wmds , changed it 's story to regime change , and is still there in some capacity ? 
  people will complain initially , but 5-6 years down the line of waffling various kinds of excuses , people just get used to the fact . 
  you 're dreaming . 
  i dunno , i have to disagree with you . 
  i mean , some aspects of what you say certainly ring true . 
  but the key reason is that the uk is a big economy and very reform minded , always pushing for improvements . 
  germany needs such strong allies to help push that mutual agenda .
