  simply put , it 's legal , and that is objective fact at this stage . 
   of course we ca n't . 
  this is a topic where were just going to have to agree to disagree , i think . 
   you do know that one is not suppose to have a debt of over 60 % of the gdp , a deficit more than 3 % etc ? 
  greece has broken it since forever , just like belgium and italy . 
  germanyhas broken it since 2003 . 
  if you do , you are to pay a fine . 
  where are the fines ? 
  quite so , this is a problem with the structure of the european union . 
  it does n't relate to any kind of democratic deficit , it 's a structural problem of there not being punitive mechanisms in place for dealing with such instances . 
  i agree that these are structural problems of the eu , but i do n't think its related to a ` democratic deficit ' , which would imply that decisions are being made without the democratic consultation of the people . 
   skog is forrest , bete is graze . 
  i can see that it is funny :-) . 
  is there an english word for it ? 
  hehe , i live in sweden and am studying swedish , so i knew the word for forest but not graze , so thanks . 
  i figured it was something like that . 
  but alas , i do not think such a word exists in english , unfortunately , its a terribly limited language . 
   the problem is , they do not have the right to decide that . 
  the eu is not subject to a german court , nor should it be . 
  if the rules are being changed , ( which i can understand might happen ) , then they should be re-written and voted about , just like any other law change . 
  why ca n't we do that then ? 
  because the other countries all recognized its legality . 
  it was only the german constitutional court that was concerned it was illegal , and after studying it found out it complied with german and eu law . 
  they ca n't allow a law they know is illegal to be made valid . 
  they determined that it was not in conflict with the lisbon treaty , and that 's why it was allowed to go into force . 
   further - where are the fines that all countries that has broken the stability pact should pay ? 
  from my understanding , there is no punitive mechanism for such things . 
  it 's assumed that such anything that could be illegal would be struck down in a domestic court challenge if brought up . 
  regardless , what part of the stability pact do you see to be broken ? 
   and of course it is minor , but it is a big issue for swedish farmers ( and finnish / / lithuanian etc ) . 
  the problem is , there are a lot of rules like this , and all point to the favour of the french . 
  if this is was the only problem with the cap , i would be happy , but it is n't . 
  during the lisbon negotiations , sweden could have ( as well ) been obstructionist until they ironed out the flaws . 
  they did n't because they ( presumably ) , in concert and coalition with other countries , received other benefits as a result . 
  either that , or they saw no reason to bother with it . 
  but it is as much the swedes fault that such a situation occurs as the french , because they , in the end , agreed to the lisbon treaty . 
  that 's in the council of ministers , in the eu parliament you can generally get an idea of where things are going , but it 's no certainty . 
  the federal constitutional court of germany ( pretty much the highest and most prestigious and impartial german court , and also the one that was most concerned that 123 and 125 were being broken or bent ) has ruled that 123 and 125 are not being broken . 
  i 'd take their word over that of some journalist in a tory rag any day . 
  second , france does n't write the rules . 
  the rules are written in conjunction with * all * the countries of the eu . 
  sweden could have taken issue with this , admittedly very minor , matter during any of the past eu treaty renegotiation . 
  and i 'm more than happy to admit that i 'm arrogant , however if you spoke with the vast majority of people on / r/europe you 'd find that they tend to be complete dunces when it comes to how the cap works . 
  i 'm impressed you know one case , i 'm not convinced you know how the cap fully works . 
  i 'm not taking the piss out of you , i 'm genuinely amused by the sentence ` what is wrong with skogsbete ? 
  it has democratic legitimacy . 
  every step of it is democratic . 
  laws are proposed by the european commission ( ec ) . 
  the european commision president is chosen by the european council ( the head of government every nation state ) . 
  the ec president picks a cabinet that has to be ratified by the council of ministers and the european parliament . 
  the council of ministers are the national ministers ( british , french , german etc minister of finance for example ) . 
  the european parliament is directly voted by you . 
  every step of the way , someone you have elected to represent you is there to represent your interests . 
  all the treaties thus far have been approved by your government . 
  every single construction of the eu is founded on the democracy of yours and every other country involved in the project . 
  so i ask you , where is the lack of democratic legitimacy ? 
  from a public that does n't know how it 's own government works , let alone how the eu works ? 
  from newspapers whose financial interest comes from trashing the eu ? 
  pray tell , where is this lack of democratic legitimacy ? 
  there is no crisis of ` democratic legitimacy ' or a ` democratic deficit ' . 
  there 's just a series of apathetic , uncaring , ignorant voters that are following the new political trend . 
  well now you 've just indicated to me that you know absolutely nothing about the subject . 
   first , what does the defence has to do with the cap ? 
  a common defence would indicate one state , and we are not there yet . 
  because each national government has pooled their agricultural policy under the eu , just as each national government would pool its defence policy under the eu , thus giving it the resources they would have spent on their domestic defense budget . 
  second , the cap is n't paid out per cow . 
  do n't be absolutely fucking ridiculous . 
  it has a formula that 's used to determine how much each agricultural entity deserves based on things such as size of land , average yearly income in the country it 's being applied to , and so forth . 
  please , in the future , educate yourself about the cap before you mention it . 
  at the moment you 're just arguing like a petulant child . 
  in fact , educate yourself about the entire eu because it 's clear you have absolutely no idea how it functions and are just arguing based on the classy old , ' a guy in the pub told me ' principle . 
  you know it 's correct because it 's posted by our friendly hardcore idealistic eurosceptic / u/neoliberal !, 
  worst thing is i trust the eu more than i trust half the national governments i 've lived in in the past few years . 
  what 's wrong with the cap being 44 % ? 
  it 's the one bloody competency the eu has . 
  if the rest of the nations would abrogate their defense budgets to the eu , the cap budget would probably be less than 1 % . 
  secondly , what democratic deficit ? 
  the people you elected get to choose the eu commission president and get to veto the eu commission cabinet . 
  or would you prefer one election every 4 years for one man , where you one vote has to pick between all the candidates and issues and you 'd never be happy with it ? 
  change is hard . 
  it 's every harder when you effectively have 27 nations with the ` liberum veto ' . 
  that shit did n't work too well for the poles in the end , did it ? 
  there 's only two steps . 
  complete withdrawal and reformation as a non-supranationalist organization , or full steam ahead into full supranationalism . 
  anything less ends up in a clusterfuck . 
  sorry , are you talking about the 2004 enlargement or 2007 enlargement ? 
  most 2004 enlargement countries are better ` europeans ' than the old lot !, 
  the problem is n't adding new countries , it 's about all the exemptions and special treatments that go into the union , rather than ensuring a single cohesive block . 
  i see you have n't spent much time with swedes . 
  canada is more of a bullied younger brother . 
  if anyone is going to be the us 's # 1 bitch it 's going to be us , dammit !, 
  that 's ... erm ... no . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  there was a major reform of the cap in 2003 , and then again in 2007 . 
  i like this account . 
  not to mention there are a host of other reasons to keep it . 
  not least of all , rural communities would collapse without farming , there 's the food security issue , and the fact that the reason the eu is n't as competitive in a number of different types of agricultural produce is because 1 ) most other countries have some kind of subsidization program , and 2 ) the eu enforces strict sustainable practices and food quality levels . 
  pretty much all decisions are made behind closed doors . 
  it 's part of the reason they call it the ` culture of consensus ' . 
  but you 're simplifying things way too much when you say small countries are scared of using their veto .
