  also , ttip is far more a priority for the eu than the us . 
  surely the only intelligent time to make such a judgement is when we have the final agreement presented publicly ? 
  i find it as reprehensible as suggesting we get rid of the rule of law . 
  and again , how do you expect me to find comments that are against the rules and get deleted ? 
  of course it is . 
  the refugee convention was established and ratified by the majority of countries for a reason . 
  namely that tragedies like what befell the ss st louis would n't happen again . 
   you question the usefulness of essentially operating an open borders immigration policy , and suddenly you 're a horrific racist because some oversensitive flower like yourself has had their feelings hurt by a dissenting opinion . 
  this is the biggest strawman on this subreddit . 
  maybe one poster in a hundred that 's not ` anti-immigration ' is for open borders . 
  most people just want the eu free movement to continue , and for the refugee convention to be respected . 
  as opposed to all the `` lol , multiculturalism '' and `` islam is a religion for barbarians '' and `` immigrants just ca n't integrate '' and `` we should stop accepting refugees '' ( usually from those countries that themselves had many refugees fleeing their country in the past ) . 
  you clearly do n't know what ` evidence ' is . 
  me linking to a third party that corroborates my claims is evidence . 
  you expecting me to link to comments that get deleted for being against the rules is simply an unreasonable expectation . 
  maybe / u/slyratchet or someone can come in and corroborate that such comments do get posted and upvoted . 
  i 've provided a link to another user referencing such comments . 
  if you think that 's not ` evidence ' , you 're bonkers . 
  people regularly post such comments , and they get upvoted . 
  i 'd prefer they 're all quarantined to one place so that the bigots and xenophobes can hang out there instead . 
  anyone reasonable has long since learned there 's no actual discussion in such threads , they 're just soapboxes for bigots . 
  jeez , sorry i ca n't link you to comments that get deleted because they 're against the rules . 
  i always thought you were a reasonable guy , but now i 'm very much questioning that . 
  they get deleted by the mods , but [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3frno2/immigration_megathread_part_vi/ctwuzj4 ) is / u/atomicgarden mentioning one such comment that was upvoted heavily . 
  i disagree . 
  there are only so many `` omg , refugees trying to get to uk through calais '' articles i can stand to see in a week . 
  going into the comment section , you 'll see a ton of `` why do n't they just let them drown '' , or `` we should n't let more refugees in '' , or `` theyre economic migrants , not refugees ! '' . 
  and that 's just some of the more polite comments . 
  it 's a darn sight better than having the same 5 articles about immigration repeat themselves on this subreddit every day, 
  the person should 've posted the link in there , as so many others do . 
  and rightly so . 
  it belongs in the immigration megathread . 
  edit : jeez , sorry for pointing out that immigration articles belong in the immigration megathread . 
  i did it to get a euro denominated bank account . 
  i do n't really support that position . 
  poland needs to shape how the eu ( and the euro ) form and they have the power to do so , they ca n't just wait until everything is great and then go by rules that were n't made to advantage them . 
  the economist never puts authors names to articles . 
  i do n't see it as inevitable . 
  i did n't say using , i said threatening . 
  russians did n't know that . 
  threaten the bomb ? 
  i have a mate that 's an officer in the swedish army , he says they 're chronically underfunded . 
  not what i said . 
  but in guessing you 're a direct democracy type , so we 're not going to see eye to eye . 
  yeah , i 'm aware it 's a progressive tax . 
  i 'm worried about stifling capital accumulation in poland . 
  i look forward to their full program , but everything i 've heard thus far has n't been very positive . 
  i 'm meeting with a friend of mine that 's collecting signatures as we speak in the next few days though , hopefully she 'll shed some more light . 
  i 've been on / r/europe for almost five years now . 
  maybe one thread in a thousand actually discusses immigration , integration , and refugee issues . 
  the rest are just bitching , whining , and complaining about those topics with nothing actually constructive going on . 
  most people that complain about these megathreads want to be racist . 
  you look at any topic on immigration here , no one is actually discussing it . 
  they 're just bitching about immigrants and muslims and what-have-you . 
  point out how i said being against immigration was racist . 
  the 75 % income tax rate , for one . 
  that especially was n't ` proven to work ' , and is a terrible idea in general . 
   `` trickle down economics '' , trickle down economics was never an economic theorem . 
   view that we are somehow making stuff up as we go and hope for the best is baseless . 
  never said that, 
  i did n't say being against immigration was racist , so i do n't know why you 're bringing that up . 
  i 'm not a member of anarcho capitalism and i support this mega thread . 
  right ? 
  it 's not longer dozens of various incidents of `` random immigrant man does one bad thing , obviously we should generalize this to all immigrants '' . 
  please continue this !, 
  please !, 
  if you need someone to help collate links , i 'd be happy to do this at least 2 days a week . 
  anything to keep the right wing trash in their place . 
  i 'm not talking about neoliberalism , i 'm talking about economic theorems that are proven correct time and time again . 
  ` neoliberalism ' is a nebulous term that doesnt mean anything , except in opposition to obviously ` humane ' and ` caring about the individual ' eocnomics , which is considerably more often than not * bad * economics . 
  that is , it offers worse outcomes than many other ideas . 
  ` corporate ' lawyers ? 
  i presume you have some statistics you want to link or are you talking out of your arse ? 
  democratically elected government implements regulations far in the extreme of what is conventionally acceptable , after explicitly saying they 'll do everything they can to make the coal plant ( contracted by the previous government ) uneconomical . 
  if they go against consensus economics ... no , i do n't think they are . 
  would you prefer some national capital accumulation and some foreign , or no national capital accumulation and some foreign ? 
  i also was n't aware some professionals participating in an ipo were putting their boot down on the common man . 
  exactly . 
  not only that , but it stifles native capital accumulation which is a long term sentence to subservience . 
  read my first comment , it 's pretty self explanatory . 
  or do you need it in simpler words ? 
  if you like say the last 24 calais submissions , and the comment sections in each , you could mix and match with no difference between any . 
  i do n't see my otherwise normal dose of daily racism . 
  something which provides more milk than moo . 
  they seem to support a 75 % income tax for upper echelons , for example . 
  that 's how my friend described razem , and she sent me the website to them as well . 
  i had a friend that was talking to me about them . 
  they seem to be a podemos-light party , with all the same economic ` wisdom ' as their spanish counterpart . 
  why is it so difficult for poland to have a centrist , social progressive , liberal democratic party with a reasonable view on economics ? 
  i 'm not sarcastic here . 
  of course there 's something to be said for saudi-french relations . 
  but there 's a reasonable amount that should be expected to go for that , and the french state has already bent over backwards for something which is n't even over a high-level summit . 
  i make plenty of posts defending the refugee convention , explaining why `` it has to be the first safe country '' is a myth , outlining why rescue operations have to be conducted in the med according to the unclos ... and i just get attacked and downvoted constantly by the anti-immigration crowd without any real discussion . 
  most of the arguments made by the anti-immigration crowd do n't have their basis in facts , or laws , or rationality . 
  they 're purely emotional arguments about how `` sharia law in 2 generations '' and the like . 
  if they want to discuss legalities , i 'm happy to do so - they do n't . 
  if they want to discuss immigration reform , i 'm happy to do so - they do n't , they just want to bitch and whine about muslims , immigrants , and anyone not ` white ' . 
  mods , i 'd like to reiterate my thanks for creating these megathreads . 
  i realise it 's a lot of extra work for you , but it makes the place so much better to be in . 
  whut ?
