  you mean you do n't read other messages in a submission ( especially in / r/europe ones where theres generally less than 30 comments ) ? 
  if it were a subreddit with a million users , i 'd clarify in each one . 
  in a small one like / r/europe you do n't need to because you read the entire conversation . 
  i would 've said both . 
  as i said earlier regarding that statement  poorly worded on my behalf , but it 's not what i meant . 
  meaning , i did n't mean that the purpose of the eu is ever closer union , but that it is a component of it . 
  i was typing on my phone while writing it and it came off wrong * as we established earlier in my comment that i just quoted * salvaxe is correct in saying it 's not a constitution - i never said it was , he/she was saying that because it 's not a constitution , it does n't have any legal validity , that its just a suggestion . 
  i said that statement is currently valid and binding , because it 's in a currently valid and binding treaty . 
  the preamble of a treaty puts into context the rest of a treaty and is supposed to be used to clarify any ambiguity . 
  as such , it has legal force behind it . 
  those differences in views also occur between rural and city areas , between poor and rich cities , between coastal and countryside cities , between rich and poor suburbs within those cities and so on . 
  even though there 's so many differences in how they perceive ideas , in the larger context ( national politics ) they still band together into parties that try and find a general consensus amongst them . 
  you really think this would n't happen under ep politics , and instead people would vote along national lines ? 
  i was merely trying to say that in comparison to national politics , supranational politics is pretty similar in terms of level of democracy . 
  here 's one showing three states in australia in 2002-2003 . 
  the difference between the highest and lowest electorates was 97000 to 79000 in my state . 
  if you do it on a cross state basis , the differences get even higher . 
  huh ? 
  i was only arguing that the treaty and that sentence remain in force when salvaxe was saying it 's not something we still have to put into consideration because it 's not a constitution . 
  electorate sizes within most countries vary greatly . 
  in australia , some of our electorates have 120,000 people , others have around 60,000 . 
  this is for reasons of pragmatism , as well as fairness . 
  many rural voters are technically worth more than city ones in order to prevent a tyranny of the majority type situation . 
  this happens in a great deal of places , hence why i said democracy is a great deal more complicated than one man one vote . 
  that was my point . 
  your national prime minister and cabinet ministers are n't directly elected either . 
  there 's only so much direct input through voting people can have in a representative democracy . 
  democracy is a great deal more complicated than just one man one vote . 
  that 's way too simplistic a view . 
  people pick who they vote for based on a wide range of concerns that they try and reconcile into one vote . 
  personally , i find i have more in common with how literally hundreds of millions of europeans would vote , than with the opposition party in australia , and many germans would share similar sentiments . 
  have never been to russia , but lviv in ukraine is grand . 
  i 'm speaking on a society wide context , not one specifically catering to those educated about the subject as you appear to be . 
  a terribly pessimistic comment on my behalf , but true none the less i 'd say . 
  simply put as i understand it , a great deal of the european military is integrated into nato command structure . 
  this means global sharing of military intelligence , maps , command protocols and the like - essentially everything to do with coordination and cooperation amongst countries . 
  hell , i 'm given to understand that at the moment , european militaries still use american aerial refuelling planes . 
  i do n't think this in any way justifies the spying , but i 'd say that gives a pretty clear picture of what europe stands to lose and have to rebuild if they give up nato . 
  how is the council of ministers not democratic ? 
  it 's the relevant ministers of each national department . 
  so what we have is the com an the ep that have to jointly agree to laws ( both are essentially elected by the people ) , and then the ec ( which is elected by the people who were elected by the people ) . 
  where 's the lack of democracy , exactly ? 
  where have the votes of europeans not been factored into the democratic process , and not more so than the already lax standards of national governments ( with unelected prime ministers and cabinet ministers , policy chosen purely by the cabinet , and so forth ? ) . 
  fundamentally , the way cabinet ministers and prime ministers are chosen is no different to how the ec is chosen . 
  do n't be afraid of the east . 
  cities like krakow , vilnius , and tallinn are really treasures . 
  tremendously fun , cheap , beautiful and cultural cities . 
  i know the history of the eu pretty well . 
  id thank you to stick to the discussion at hand rather than go off on personal tangents , flak . 
  what you 're failing to understand is that a constitution would require a referendum to change it , a treaty would n't . 
  that makes the two entirely different beasts . 
  i would say bloody wanker . 
  the guy is wrong . 
  again , i never mentioned federalization . 
  why do people keep bringing this up ? 
  regardless , the treaty is valid which means that the statement applies . 
  the irish could 've said no again . 
  they did n't . 
  very well said . 
  poorly worded on my behalf , but it 's not what i meant . 
  that first paragraph seems irrelvant to anything ( not to mention the scare quotes over ` group of wise men ' , but regardless the irish had a second referendum , and the people voted for it . 
  how was it pushed through over the heads of the people ? 
  there was an article from a crazy radical anarchist or some such about how the eu is controlling what seeds you 're allowed to have and so on . 
  turns out , it was just basically eu-wide harmonization of national policy and functionally it acts the same as it did before . 
  a whole bunch of eco-warriors got up in arms over nothing . 
  edit : because some idiot thinks i 'm lying or something , here 's the last comment section on the article ripping it to shreds . 
  i never claimed it was for a united states of europe , just that a component of it was ever closer union . 
  how was it pushed through over the heads of the people ? 
  eh , i disagree about the failure of a quick reaciton . 
  the problem was more that they did n't have a wide range of options available to then . 
  they quickly helped broker the brijuni accord , effectively helping to isolate slovenia from the conflict ( though in truth slovenia was a bit more of a sideshow anyway ) , and brought a quick , albeit very short lived , ceasefire to the area . 
  the second page of the treaty of rome ( 1957 ) said the project was about ever closer union . 
  how is it thus evolving past its original boundaries ? 
  interestingly , less than half the users of reddit are from the states . 
  the most worrying thing about this nsa thing is how they 're going to be able to influence future government . 
  when you have so much dirt around , it would n't be difficult to blackmail the individuals of a government to follow the us narrative . 
  it 's annoying , the balts i 've met that are in their 20s generally speak better english than their western counterparts , but they always seem so much more uncertain . 
  yeah , estonia is great and anyone under 40 speaks english very well . 
  aside from australia , new zealand , canada , singapore and a few countries within the eu that push for it . 
   out of twenty points , eighteen are resolved . 
  agriculture is a main point . 
  the easy stuff gets taken care of first , the hard stuff is saved for the end . 
  still look tasty to me !, 
  apparently those that fail at bullfighting characteristics are still slaughtered for meat ( from the wiki page ) , but if its not for humans then presumably for pet food . 
  reading through the report , it seems that the subsidies are n't specifically for bullfighting , but rather the standard agriculture subsidy for raising cattle and for renovating cultural buildings . 
  i do n't know whether these cattle ranches are singularly for the raising of bullfighting livestock , but i highly doubt it . 
  if i 'm mistaken , please correct me . 
  depends on how you define it . 
  australia has a huge problem with working class hard nationalism , which i consider spilling over the border into racism , but its not exactly visible in the social circles i hang out in . 
  the sps has recently been cut for the large income receivers , iirc . 
  regardless , it 's not about total land , but total worked land . 
  some of that worked land has to be unused to avoid the agricultural produce mountains of the past , but given that food security is one of the reasons for it then its unsurprising . 
  the eu wants a certain level of agricultural production within europe , is it better that this is done by efficient large scale farming which would cost less on average , or small scale farming which would cost more ? 
  you have to be rich to have large scale farms , no shit , and ultimately at least a solid chunk of this is ultimately used as expenses in the maintenance and operation of the farm . 
  as far as subsidisation goes , it 's a great deal better than when they were paying it based on production , which meant not only greater land degradation and environmental problems , but the butter mountains and wine lakes of the past . 
  given the policy seeks to ensure a certain level of production , the trick is reforming to the minimal benefit possible to those that seek to take advantage of it , yet without discriminating specifically against them . 
  holy shit , continent wide policy development is difficult and imperfect , not everyone will be satisfied by it , who 'd have guessed ?!, 
  incidentally , it 's unsurprising that george monbiot is writing about this , given that he 's bitterly against many agricultural practices under the guise of environmental activism . 
  nothing linked by angryspaniard talks about cap funds going towards bullfighting . 
  i challenge you to find any post where i 'm racist against swedes ( as you claim me to be ) .
