  as a relatively impartial outsider , i 've formed the complete opposite opinion based on my observations . 
  ok , well that 's a very western-centric list, 
  is it just me , or does it seem like a number of countries are actively pushing for the uk to leave the union ? 
  i spent numerous years in poland , all i can say is that he does not represent the majority in any way . 
  sometimes i post something useful . 
  almost as often as you do , i presume . 
  it may be that english creeps in everywhere , but this is merely an intrinsic aspect of language . 
  all languages borrow heavily from other languages when new ideas come about ( just look at how many foreign words there are in english , coming from norse , french , german , et cetera ! ) . 
  the words get used because the home language is inefficient or incapable of relating the same meaning as the foreign import can . 
  i still ca n't tell if you 're a troll or an idiot . 
  and if you got a cushy job for 5 years , great pay , etc ? 
  how is it a strawman ? 
  i 'm not making an argument , i 'm genuinely curious whether he feels this is how all people should live their lives when they immigrate , or whether he 's a hypocrite . 
  and if you immigrated to afghanistan circa 1997 , you 'd also be doubly sure to respect their laws and cultures ? 
  i do n't think it 's fair to blame the eu for that . 
  blame the governments that refused to give the eu the power , responsibility and capabilities to do all those things when they were coming up with the lisbon treaty . 
  there are no politically , nor economically , palatable alternatives . 
  hence , there are no alternatives . 
  there 's a difference between revenue generating reform , and structural reform . 
  one seeks to maximize governmental revenue , the other seeks efficiency in government , thus reducing total government spending . 
  no , i 'm not from srs , i hote those guys . 
  i 'm the one that messaged the mods that got you banned . 
  you 're a fucking racist mate , you 're probably at the very least a troll with multiple sock puppets that 's continuing this racist agenda of yours . 
  downvote me all you want , i really do n't give a shit about karma , but you 're a horrible piece of shit as a human being . 
  ok , then compare them to the ` ghettos ' in australia if america does n't suit you . 
  7500 is also known as 7499 , a user that has been banned from / r/europe for racist and xenophobic comments . 
  and this happens due to poor immigration education policies and resistance to outside ( read : non white ) cultures by that native population in terms of employment opportunities and social support networks . 
  please refer to my post [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/13ahmn/marka%c4%8d_and_gotovina_are_freed/c729hma ) . 
  milosevic had a big ego . 
  as you said , the ec gave a way for milosevic to save face , and were they not to do it then , i was thinking more along the lines of serbian recognition of slovenia in exchange for slovenian assistance with regards to croatia . 
  were they to not comply i can see them being dragged into the war one way or another regardless . 
  the serbs fought nevertheless in slovenia , and it was n't until the ec sponsored treaty of brijuni came about that fighting ended there . 
  a bit of a counterfactual , but i can easily see how that would 've turned into another protracted war . 
  yeah , i was discussing the whole yugoslav conflict in general . 
  the only country that god out of there with any kind of dignity was slovenia , and that was only thanks to the ec . 
  thanks , i was clueless myself until you answered . 
  what a load of crap , the entire war was a quagmire of shifting alliances and atrocities , in each case pushed on by radical nationalist leaders and perpetuated on a platform of hate towards the other . 
  sure , maybe some were a little worse than another , but in the end they were all bad and committing brutal and violent acts on non-combatants . 
  i hate that kind of nationalistic feeling that somehow magically absolves one side of all guilt and puts it all on the other . 
  compulsory eu imposed and created reform agenda backed by the guarantee of unlimited borrowing from the richer eu countries ? 
  this actually would n't cost that much in the long run as it would greatly lessen the interest rates on debt , whilst also making sure there 's structural reforms being put into place to assuage investors fears of superficial reforms and would result in a stable euro periphery bringing in lots of outside investment . 
  eh , there are a number of solutions , just none that are politically expedient . 
  edit : the funny thing is , even if most of them were undertaken in one month most people would n't care about the measures that would have to be put in place ... 
  that second guy i linked to , about 2 months ago evidence showed up that some kind of finished chan board did an orchestrated xenophobic trolling on here that he was at the center of , so i 'm not sure exactly to what degree it is actually organized , but it 's there . 
  it 's almost disturbing the amount of times i 've upvoted you on these kinds of posts . 
  / r/europe has a serious problem , i 'd have expected better of them . 
  of course , given we 've had people like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4wemv.png ) and [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/user/7499 ) who are part of concerted efforts on behalf of outside xenophobic/racist organizations to turn / r/europe into a racist cesspool , things are n't as bad as they could be . 
  except that 's not how businesses work , but nice try . 
  it 's cheaper for them to start promoting the capable ( and equally talented women ) in their company than create those extra board positions which would amount to exactly the same thing youre so against . 
  i 've explained right here why that 's not the case . 
  feel free to read through . 
  you know ` market demands ' can refer to more than just the idea of consumer forces , right ? 
  for example , employment market ? 
  if you really ca n't see the difference , i 'd say you have some serious problems . 
  jesus christ , the amount of stupid ... 
  between a ridiculous proposition and reality ? 
  there is a heavy structural and societal bias against employing women in these fields , there is n't in employing men in porn . 
  no , what i meant is that there is a great demand on behalf of women to get into board level positions , but because of what i outlined elsewhere in this thread that 's not happening . 
  because that demand is n't met due to structural and cultural impediments ? 
  i mean , there 's demand from women to become board members , there 's not high demand for men to become daycare workers . 
  the difference is there is serious demand for women to get board positions , there is n't the same for men to join daycare centers ... 
  are you kidding ? 
  the current way is n't the one that gets the best candidates . 
  for c-level positions , what happens is an established board member mentors a junior member in the organization based on how well they get along together , it has nothing to do necessarily with being the ` best candidate ' . 
  they did a study a few years back that found that 90 % of people would pick people of their own sex to mentor . 
  this will just make sure that more women actually get a chance to get onto the board in equal proportions instead of getting overlooked for promotion because of their sex . 
  once more , fanciful allusions to ` they ' and talk of some kind of grand conspiracy . 
  either come up with real points , or shut up . 
  impossible , given the eu agreements with switzerland over banking . 
  everyone likes to trot out the ` it 's in switzerland ! ', 
  line when they have nothing of substance . 
  well , i 'd say that the couple and the retired man are also responsible for the mess . 
  they 're the ones that elected , and gave a mandate to , the governments that got portugal into this place . 
  if they 'd been more worried about housing and economic bubbles , demanding fewer benefits , driving for legislation to promote productivity increases , then maybe they 'd be blameless . 
  but they mostly did n't . 
  so who are these people that have been gaming the system exactly , and how have they been doing it ? 
  or is this just one of those ` well , everyone knows it happens ! ', 
  excuses that always come out , but are never falsifiable nor provable and in the end is just assigning blame and demanding other people fix the problem ? 
  and what is this fraud that ` big fortunes ' are committing ? 
  how are they evading 30 % of gdp ( in taxes i 'm assuming ) each year , except through legitimate tax deductions ? 
  do you have numbers for this ? 
  finally , what are these solutions , and what are the after effects of any of these solutions ? 
  you claim there are thousands , surely you can name some . 
  please , i want to be educated . 
  because you want to own a home and you 're not educated about such issues . 
  i 'm pretty sure he 's wrong , if you choose not to inherit anything you do n't have to take on the debt as well . 
  what do you propose instead ? 
  default and leave the euro ? 
  edit : c'mon people , downvote all you want , at least answer the question though . 
  i 'm worried that res tells me you 're +2 now . 
  i have to put it down to me not caring enough to downvote you most of the time . 
  yeah , but that money is n't paid for by the airline companies except through servicing fees . 
  most people in / r/europe are woefully uneducated about the cap , they just see a big percentage of the eu budget going towards it and think it 's bad . 
  regardless , i think pretty much all agricultural subsidies are either blue or amber box these days , and export subsidies are due to end next year anyway . 
  until doha concludes , there 's no need for any serious structural reform , only refinement of the cap , and certainly not abolition or downsizing . 
  you actually posted something of substance !, 
  i 'm shocked !, 
  grease , spray your dents !, 
  it 's txampion , / r/europes resident troll . 
  ignore and move on .
