  i think only the other guy with a serious reply mentioned muslims , and that was in the context of marine le pen and geert wilders who are explicitly anti-muslim . 
  your first ( since deleted ) reply appeared to be from [ your alt account ] ( http://i.snag.gy/xvrvw.jpg ) . 
  anyway ;  it seems to be quite the solution to southern europe 's problems and australia has had no real issues internationally for it . 
  australia is continuously criticized by the un human rights council on it . 
   yes , it clearly is . 
  they have very extremist immigration politics and people like yourself shout racist at the drop of a hat when they oppose them . 
  no , they do n't . 
  they made some 17,000 additional places available recently because of the syrian civil war . 
  it 's an exceptional circumstance . 
   i think they overtook both in the most recent report . 
  of course both cyprus and malta are in the business of selling passports to the rich . 
  cyprus giving a fast-track citizenship to investors and malta for large lumpsums . 
  this was of asylum seekers , not immigration in general . 
  regardless , [ it 's not even the highest per capita in europe ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_net_migration_rate ) for immigration . 
  thanks !, 
  good to have some stats to link to in the future when this comes up . 
   how 's the boat people in australia doing under abbott again ? 
  terribly , and i absolutely condemn what abbott has done . 
  why do you ask ? 
   yeah , there 's no problems at all with having the highest intake of immigrants in the eu per capita . 
  a nation of 9 million should easily be able to take in all of africa and the middle-east . 
  this is clearly what 's happening ... sweden made a lot of places for syrian refugees in the last years because of the crisis in syria , that 's why it has such a high intake . 
  of course , cyprus and malta take more per capita , but whatever ... 
   this is the problem , you immediately belittled it and called it `` racist '' no , i identified two predominant strands of the anti-immigration debate , and then said that those that followed the northern strand tended to be racists , ignorant , or susceptible to populist politicians . 
   1 in 8 residents in uk is born outside uk why is this a problem ? 
  one in four citizens ( let alone residents ) in australia are born overseas . 
  you 've got this the wrong way around . 
  i do n't have to prove that it 's not a problem , you have to prove that it is . 
   you continue to trivialize it by coming up with extreme comments like `` sink the boat '' as if those are the options proposed by these parties . 
  i specifically said that that was something suggested a number of times here on / r/europe . 
   legal immigration , with numbers that local populace can support this is already a thing . 
   immediate deportation for illegals , fines for businesses that hire and landlords that rent to illegals and all valid and legal means to start and i am fairly certain that would be very effective i have an understanding of how immensely complex the issue is , that 's why i say there is little that can be done , that is n't already being done , to stem the flood of illegal immigrants in the south . 
  under the un convention on refugees , if any of them get to italian , or spanish , or whatever soil and claim asylum , by ** law ** they are allowed to stay until their asylum claim is processed , so immediate deportation is both illegal , and immoral . 
  in many places , fines for businesses using illegal labour are already in place . 
   you also brought up religion , another attempt to flame the thread . 
  religion is not a reason for lack of assimilation , no one mentioned that you did nowhere did i bring up religion . 
  stop lying . 
  hydro is pretty much at capacity in germany , and wood is not a serious electricity generating resource . 
  nuclear is a settled issue in germany ( ie : they 're not going to use it ) , so there 's little point in mentioning it . 
  yep , chinese and russian weapons development seems to be about area denial , more than area supremacy . 
  outright payments are shady , but it 's not uncommon for pharmaceutical companies ( in australia at least ) to organize multi-day conferences at skiing resorts or abroad at minimal cost to doctors . 
  what the company gets out of it is that the doctors have to attend the information sessions , meaning the doctors are better informed about that drug than that of the competitors drugs , plus it 's fresher in their minds . 
  it 's win-win for the company , the doctors , and the patients who are getting a drug the doctor actually knows a lot about ( such as side-effects or contraindications ) following the presentations . 
   like the us treasury along with the imf criticising germany for it 's export policies - germany is essentially profiteering off the high value of the euro currency to sell to the southern countries . 
  it 's essentially exporting poverty across most of the eu . 
  that 's the problem of the eurozone , not of the eu in general . 
   the eu has become an utter federalised mess in which the stronger countries completely take advantage of the southern ones which are now working as quickly as possible to dismantle laws and workers rights in order to remain competitive this is patently false . 
  i did a literature review a few years back that actually found that the end result of com decisions was closer for smaller countries to their intial negotiated positions than larger countries . 
  the problem that you 're referring to is one related to sovereign debt and conditional international loans , not of the eu . 
  edit : clarity, 
  what 's the immigration problem ? 
  are you talking about the ` immigration-lite ' problem of northern europe , the kind that people bitch about in places like sweden or the netherlands but is actually just a pack of gullible , racist , or ignorant people listening to populist rhetoric from racist politicians . 
  or do you mean the ` boat people ' problem of southern europe that 's only solvable in the short term ( for a given value of solvable ) via methods unbecoming a western-liberal-democratic country , such as destroying the boats or shooting the children of boat people to deter others ( as has been suggested by some people on / r/europe ) ? 
  i only saw the first debate , but to me it seemed that clegg was using * actual , independently sourced , verifiable * facts , whereas farage 's seem to be the equivalent of ' a man in the pub told me ' . 
  that 's less a reflection of obama , and more a reflection on how american governance works . 
  my understanding is that in australia they do it on a case-by-case basis , but i do n't know the criteria . 
  regardless , my only objection was with ` most ' , i could certainly agree that there are probably many economic illegal migrants . 
  sorry , but do you have any statistics ? 
  i ca n't comment on those coming to europe , but over 90 % of those processed going to australia have been found to be genuine refugees , according to official data . 
  many people in aus ( particularly the tabloids ) beforehand were claiming they were all economic before the numbers were released . 
  edit : downvoted for asking for statistics . 
  you 're all class . 
  how am i entirely mistaken when i never made any claim one way or another ? 
  i agree . 
  the problem as i see it , however , is that non-med countries do n't want the stigma of having to do the morally questionable actions required to deter asylum seekers , as well as then explicitly accepting and processing the claims of any of those that get through . 
  it 's unlikely to get better for the west with turkey 's current leadership . 
  they 're looking east for international legitimacy , having increasing talks about joining the sco . 
  are there some issues with registering new parties or something that stops people forming new parties in opposition ? 
  what the hell is going on in your country ? 
  does the entire population really lean towards what voting showed , is there no effective opposition , what ? 
  and why ? 
  it 's a dictatorship , it does n't matter what the people think , only what the leader does . 
  troll account, 
  did someone say anything about western interventions ? 
  no , it 's because the putin regime is destabilizing to world peace , fundamentally against the liberal-democratic order and the rule of law , and a bully . 
  the maidan protests were against someone who was also those things . 
  yes , but out conversation was about what was wrong with italy 's immigration system . 
  i do n't think anyone made the claim here that it was just italy 's problem . 
  yes , but since arab spring , the immigration departments of every eu country has been strained . 
  sweden had a hiring freeze in place for migrationsverket , but in the last few years has been hiring like mad to try and process the applications . 
  it 's an eu-wide problem , not one specific to italy , but you asked about italy so i answers for italy . 
   i think i did n't get that . 
  why would someone who is seeking asylum send in an application if it would take years to process and they 're in fear for their life during that time ? 
  they would n't , they 'd sell their belongings and get out of there asap , pay for passage on a boat , and apply from within the eu . 
  a slow , understaffed asylum system means claims that are sent from seekers that have n't gotten onto a boat yet are not completed in a timely manner . 
  why would you bother submitting a claim outside of italy if the response will take ten or more years ? 
  better , in the eyes of asylum seekers , to get into a boat and be immediately out of harms way , rather than wait and hope that they get to your claim in the next few years . 
  it 's italy , it 's probably a bureaucratic mess . 
  but in actuality , australia also had a large problem with processing claims . 
  asylum seekers would destroy their documents beforehand , making it extremely difficult to process their claims . 
  many claims were taking even more than a decade to process . 
  the only solution is to keep throwing people at the problem . 
  it 's a barely functioning bureaucratic mess , likely because it 's understaffed for the task at hand , not because of some intrinsic italian ` quality ' . 
  if i had to guess , i 'd say it 's a barely functioning bureaucratic mess . 
  perhaps someone with more knowledge could respond though . 
  this title probably sounded better in the authors head . 
  there are people in north africa that offer this as a service , they charge whoever has the money for passage . 
  it 's not as if people in a village all decided to get onto one of their fishing boats , it 's people that have gone specifically looking for someone to take them across . 
   nato is clearly trying to encircle and intimidate russia + it 's operations in the last 15 years have been extremely questionable . 
  hilarious , considering the entire south of russia aside from countries around the black sea are aligned with russia .
