  not as bad as flashback , but tending in that direction . 
  useless ? 
  poland currently has a bilateral investment treaty with the us which has considerably worse isds terms than what is proposed in ttip . 
  if ttip goes through , those terms will replace the ones in the bit . 
  poland is currently the eighth most sued country via isds , adopting ttip will drop that considerably . 
  educate yourself . 
  if ttip is conditional on such a provision , even i will oppose it . 
  are you kidding ? 
  i saw a russia post on the front page like three days ago and everything was commiserating with russia that people did n't understand their legitimate claim to crimea ... 
  welcome to every country when it comes to populism . 
  you 've made basically the exact same comment as four other people . 
  why not just up vote one of those instead , instead of clogging my inbox ? 
  you 're going to have to define leftist for me in this context , it 's such a nebulous term these days that it may as well be a throwback to calling someone a commie back in the fifties . 
  care to qualify that statement ? 
  still not hard to estimate . 
  pint = 150-180 calories . 
  so are many european countries , they 're just trying to fit in . 
  i suck at predicting the weather , too, 
  i do n't know about the specifics of european countries , but in australia , for example , we invented the movember movement to raise awareness and money for mens issues , and one of our leading charities , beyond blue , basically spend all their time targeting depression in men . 
  it might seem like a bit of a cop-out , but maybe if guys want movements and organizations to champion mens issues , they should create them - and hopefully make sure the toxic types ( you know who i 'm referring to ) do n't get involved . 
  beyond that , the point is that a lot of issues women face are basically the flip side of what men face . 
  stereotype that women are weak ? 
  the corollary is that men have to always be strong and ca n't show vulnerability . 
  i think there 's a slight overemphasis on women in feminism as well , but what are we as men doing to rebalance this ? 
  just sitting on internet forums whining ? 
  in my experience , the stats lie some 90 % of the time on reddit , since they misrepresent what is actually going on or are from poorly made studies . 
  / r/europe is some 95 % guys , so this is likely to lead to a circle jerk . 
  as i recall , they did n't shut it down , they just had to create additional infrastructure to handle the additional load on peak days . 
  it would n't be up to him . 
  if the eu chooses to collectively agree on a price , either putin agrees to that or refuses to sell . 
  if the latter , russia is considerably more damaged than europe . 
  i 'm surprised one of the few places he does n't seem to be posting this stuff is in / r/conspiracy . 
  the only other person on reddit i 've seen that i 've genuinely thought needs mental help is the kid that thought he was having his human rights violated because his mother would n't order and pay for a prostitute for him . 
  the guy is quite literally nuts . 
  he relates everything to various trade agreements , goes into random subreddits and says `` hey , if ttip gets signed , your electricity will go up 500 % !, 
  '' , and thinks we should shut down nuclear power across the globe because solar flares will make them explode or something . 
  i think there was a time he related volcanoes to solar power or something as well , but i do n't remember exactly what . 
  but yeah , complete nutjob . 
  he does n't understand the things he 's talking about , does n't read the documents he links , and just trawls around reddit spamming the same craziness everywhere . 
  should just drop it mate , you 're not gon na get it through some of their heads that it 's a joke and arguing with them only reinforces their perception . 
  well , when there 's no free media , when you arrest and oppress opposition leaders , and when honest polling in such a country is unsafe ... 
  i 'd love to know how the eu or the west did anything to destablize ukraine more than yanukovych responding violently to peaceful maidan protests . 
  just giving context for the region . 
  it 's a stolen election , like all of them in central asia . 
  only kyrgyzstan came close to something approaching democracy . 
  they 're authoritarian states . 
  eh , ceta got a token response at least . 
  but otherwise , what you said is completely on point . 
  i downvoted because it 's a shitpost . 
  i was the first one to reply , and there was no mention of ttip in the op . 
  you realise the first mention of ttip was when he replied to me , right ? 
  the greek ability to pay is particularly worse than the belgian one . 
  butchering a few thousand people like dogs is deserved ? 
  democracy does n't just overrule realities , such as a massive debt and the obligation to pay those debts . 
  i have n't labelled anything surrounding ttip a conspiracy theory . 
  actually , i do n't think i 've ever called anything a conspiracy on reddit in my life , barring laughing at the stupid theories floating around that you brought up . 
  no , it 's a reflection of realities . 
  some options are worse than other ones . 
  for greece , there are no good options , only bad and less bad . 
  can you go into those two a little more ? 
  would love to hear about it . 
  not really sure what the ttip has to do with this , but ok . 
  it 's crazy to think how different the world would be if that [ idea had taken hold ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/intermarium ) . 
  of course , i do n't think poland would 've handled such an idea well as they wanted to be the hegemon and there was strong nationalist feeling towards some of the member countries , but if they could 've worked past that ... 
  they seem to have been natural allies for about a century , which is funny considering most people see the hungarian-polish relationship stronger ( there 's some kind of rhyme they have for it ) , despite those ties being less important with who they have in power . 
  the troika holds all the cards at the moment . 
  the only move greece has is to try and negotiate a solution down to the last second , because the only other option is hurting themselves considerably to hurt the eu a little . 
  i 'm not saying they want to , i 'm saying these are basically the two possibilities . 
  personally , i think part of the problem is that syriza is acting like a purely domestic government of a relatively small country , rather than both a member of the eu and the government of greece . 
  but then again , that 's kind of implied in their mandate so ... 
  yep . 
  we should n't compromise on the refugee convention , but we should n't be abused by it either . 
  i think half the problem in the immigration ` debate ' is that people do n't understand that . 
  or maybe they 're just xenophobic , sometimes it 's really hard to say . 
  til !, 
  cheers !, 
  more consistent and better crop yields , cheaper food . 
  at the expense of going into the whole patented crops thing, 
  we do n't need a lot of things , but if they make our life easier at minimal cost then why not have it ? 
  and i equated the two because they come from the same place - fear based ignorance . 
  i admit , i do n't know much about gmos . 
  i 'm no expert , which is why i rely on them , and there 's a greater consensus on the safety of gmos than there is for anthropogenic climate change . 
  the anti-gay and anti-gmo arguments come from the same place - fear based ignorance trying to impose itself on other people . 
  it 's a tough subject . 
  patents exist so that the company can receive a reasonable return on investment . 
  personally , i think the biggest issue is the arbitrary term limits , instead of having to show cause for why you need to hold the patent for that long . 
  but that , of course , introduces many other problems such as decreased innovation . 
  honestly , i think the current patent system we have , however flawed , is probably a close approximation to the least bad solution . 
  what kind of ones ? 
  i see this as being like moralistic or religious arguments about something . 
  just as we should n't listen to someone who might think gays should n't be allowed to marry because of the bible , we should n't do the same with anti-gmo people . 
  it 's a ` my feelings are more important than what 's in the public interest ' argument, 
  one of my tricks was that , whilst out in town , i 'd ask my swedish friends random questions about swedish words ( in context ) and try and make some kind of stupid joke out of it . 
  worked wonders for me . 
  had a swedish girlfriend , and lived in sweden for a few years . 
  actually , basically all my language skills aside from english come from being in a relationship ... troubling . 
  well , yeah ... 
  i think there 's an average of a 30-40 % acceptance rate of asylum applications , so it seems reasonable that the rest would be sent back . 
  english of course . 
  i 'm at c1 level for polish , and b2 level for swedish .
