  i do n't see the problem . 
  it 's not infrequent to have a pot of mid strength beer ( ~ 285ml , 3-4 % ) with lunch in australia either . 
  some things are just cultural , and the effect of that much alcohol in your system is negligible to your performance . 
  but they are a democratic state ... 
  that 's not true . 
  trade negotiations are secret , but the deals are made public before they 're presented to parliament . 
  people have supported nazis , stalinists , etc for decades , the overwhelming majority do n't do anything but talk . 
  when you see people supporting them in public , they 're usually being ridiculed and not having a fear based reaction . 
  i also disagree this is a general trend , it 's a short term fad . 
  you mean the one you did n't answer until after i posted that ? 
  what the hell is my ` lot ' ? 
  is some people driving around town with a stupid flag really an important news story ? 
  nah , it 's not my thing . 
  i notice you did n't answer my previous post , but that 's pretty typical of you . 
  ca n't back up an argument to save your life . 
  what is my ` ilk ' exactly , and how am i naive ? 
  by the way , you may appreciate / r/european more than / r/europe . 
  do n't give a shit about the drugs , but trafficking kids ? 
  hope they get the maximum penalty . 
  it 'd be great if you did n't use racist codewords like ` enriched ' ( everyone knows what you mean ) . 
  i also do n't know what extreme left wing social policies you believe i follow . 
  and i do n't see how i ` oppose condemning people who support isis ' . 
  maybe i 'm stupid , but perhaps you could explain that to me ? 
  i would love to know where i spread that , or any , kind of propaganda . 
  yes , i hate european natives . 
  you got me , you managed to see through my facade . 
  i wonder if you even realize how stupid the shit you type is . 
  i do n't love islamists , and are n't you tired of trolling this place ? 
  christ , what a pack of nutters . 
  ah , i meant in bars/restaurants . 
  7-8pln for .5 l of beer , and usually about 4-5pln for .2 l of water . 
  i was quite a fan of the polish movie ` persona non grata ' . 
  not very well known , but rather good , and interesting nonetheless . 
  alas , it has that same sense of overbearing melancholy that persists in so much of polish cinema . 
  kie\u015blowski was a genius . 
  it 's rather odd that people in the great lakes of sweden drink more beer than those in the rest of sweden . 
  it 's cheaper than water in poland too . 
  finally , some civilized countries !, 
  you know it 's a slow news day when stuff like this is at the top of / r/europe . 
  from a username called ` paki criminal ' as well ... 
  no i did n't , even in my submission i wrote it 's fine to talk about what you 're concerned with , but not to presume everything will be bad . 
  you are n't very good at this whole ` context ' thing , are you ? 
   you have been arguing before that we should be good and shut up until the big people have finished their work and we 're a few weeks shy of the final approval that 's what i was referring to . 
  you should pay attention to what the discussion is about before responding , i 've noticed it 's a recurring issue with you . 
  the intention of the business world = / = the intent of the ttip . 
  i do n't think it 's just because of the media . 
  i think that those that have been unlucky enough to have unpleasant experience with muslims have also been both unlucky enough not to have pleasant experiences with muslims , and lucky enough not to have unpleasant experiences with non-muslims . 
  they 're people , like you and me . 
  sometimes in a group they 're stupid . 
  we should n't judge them all billion + based off of a few unpleasant encounters . 
  i have n't said we should shut up about it . 
  i said we should n't say `` i think we should cancel ttip negotiations because of x '' . 
  i said `` talk about what you 're concerned about , but do n't act as if the ttip is just going to be made up of you worst nightmares '' . 
   you seem to have convinced yourself that those of us who hold disdain for that religion do so because of media indoctrination , as opposed to first hand experience with it is that right ? 
  that all muslims are worthless parasites who just want to do ` jihad patrols ' and mass terrorist attacks , and that thankfully czechia does n't have many living there . 
  what a pleasant comment . 
  the 1 billion + muslims are all apparently worthless parasites who ca n't be trusted not to do jihad patrols ( whatever the fucks that is , i presume you meant sharia but know too little about islam to differentiate ) or mass terrorist attacks ... have you ever even met a muslim ? 
  i can guess that the ones waving a football flag are more likely to become immediately violent . 
  is this comment relevant somehow ? 
  your submission titles are getting crazier and crazier . 
  are you off your pills or something ? 
  please , for the love of god , ** stop editing your posts with additional paragraphs after people reply to them ** . 
  it just makes you seem like a dishonest rat . 
  they get deleted because your sources are shitty . 
  second , the talks are n't unconstitutional . 
  third , where are you submitting these ? 
  i understand what it means , i still do n't understand the relevancy . 
  because that 's all you ever do , you just post copious amounts of links and never make any logical connections between them . 
  you have some kind of point to make there , or what ? 
  and i think you 're a nut that ca n't back up your arguments , which is why you respond to the same person in 10 different places instead of carrying on a single conversation in one threat of comments . 
  it 's easier than dealing with people that say ` put up or shut up ' . 
  no , he thinks that that was it 's purpose all along . 
  i 'm not angry in the slightest , it 's amusing to me watching you try and wriggle your way out of the glaring holes you leave in your logic . 
  you 're just a crazily obsessed yank that 's been drinking too much koolaid . 
  unsupported ? 
  i link to academic texts . 
  i link to source documents . 
  i provide page numbers and quotes . 
  all you ever link to is blogs and russia today videos , misrepresenting the facts and sensationalizing headlines , as you 've been called out for doing [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2h7d10/us_corporate_interests_british_lawmakers_excited/ckqf0m3 ) . 
  it 's coming through dg trade on the impetus of the council of europe , and by brussels i mean the legitimacy of the eu . 
  on the subject of conspiracy theorists , here 's the latest post by the op here : [ what you are really objecting to is that the default trust which the supporters of these things used for so long to slip them in under the radar is gone . 
  so now you can no longer , at least here in / r/europe [ 1 ] , pretend that these ugly facts are `` conspiracy theories '' and that your assertions deserve trust and little in the way of actual scrutiny for whether they are true or not ( they arent , as shown by the fact that its now been admitted that the ttip . 
  gats , tisa , tpp main intent is covert undermining of global social contract , globally , exactly the time where a social safety net is most needed . 
  ) ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2h7d10/us_corporate_interests_british_lawmakers_excited/ckqf0m3 ) that 's right , he thinks there 's some shadowy cabal controlling the ttip negotiations specifically to undermine the social contract . 
  ` overly passionate american thinks everyone else shares their obsession ' . 
  except it was literally under the blog section of citizen.org , the header of the place you linked to is `` public citizen 's blog on globalization and trade '' , and it 's an organization that does n't have any special knowledge on the deal . 
  i did n't try and silence you either , so take your conspiracy hat out of your arse and eat it . 
  i pointed out that it 's not any kind of reputable source . 
  they 're certainly not a leading voice on trade issues either , so i have no idea where you got that . 
  you 've become obsessed with lori wallach ( one of the key people in public citizen ) lately and take her word as gospel , and for that reason you think a blog post written by [ a student that has n't even finished their law degree ] ( https://www.linkedin.com/pub/stephanie-rosenberg/30/4a1/943 ) is a reputable source . 
  your comments here now are n't even a joke , they 're just tiresome . 
  you can try and find ways to dismiss what i say , but it remains a fact . 
  there 's a reason your submissions in american subreddits keep getting removed , and it 's not because of a conspiracy . 
  your sources are just bad . 
  so if your issue is that american 's do n't get to see them enough , why are n't you posting it in american subreddits instead of / r/europe ? 
  you know there are n't many americans here , right ? 
  edit : and stop fuckign editing your posts after people reply to them . 
  actually , it 's coming from the eu . 
  they 're the one 's that have been pushing for it from the start and want it more than the us does . 
  it 'd be a massive win for brussels if it went through .
