  they 're in the process of dismantling the cap now . 
  of course , knowing brussels it 'll take at least 75 years , but ... 
  aside from scrap it . 
  australia, 
  random french study, 
  i thought everything was published in german around then ? 
  unfortunately , speaking as a native english speaker , english seems to dominate the globe as a language of business and diplomacy . 
  it sucks , but it 's the way the world works . 
  as you say , we should ensure all europeans have a solid grasp of english but at the same time ensure the integrity of national languages . 
  perhaps , as has been suggested , an english eu channel with one or two days devoted to rotating various languages ? 
  mate , i think you have a lot of preconceived notions of the world beyond the us that you need broken . 
  women in lithuania are pretty much like women area , barring a few minor cultural differences , just like they are everywhere . 
  women in india are allowed to date ( where the fuck did you get that ? ) . 
  people are pretty much the same anywhere you go . 
  krakow is awesome , i recommend you spend most of your time there in the kazimierz district and hit up `` miejsce '' , `` omerta '' and `` zaraz wracam '' there for pubs , and `` lovekrove '' for food . 
  sweden has a lot of reciprocal health agreements with other countries , so if you 're covered by canadian health insurance you may be covered in sweden anyway . 
  well then they were n't competitive enough . 
  maybe now the uk 's capital will go into more efficient enterprises ? 
  just about everything that the eu has some effect on the common market . 
  if you look at it in depth , just about every facet of the eu is built on the common market as a basis and builds and expands upon it . 
  what is it in particular you 're unhappy about that is unconnected to the common market ? 
  because you disregard that the next day the polish guy cleans your car , the lithuanian maid cleans your house , the czech and slovak girls slept with you , the alcohols you bought were cheaper and better belgian ones , half the shit in your house was build using swedish designs , while you used an estonian technology to contact everyone to host it . 
  everything else ends up cheaper for you in the medium/long run . 
  i find that people always tend to discount indirect benefits because they ca n't see a clear number and continue to do so even when given a ballpark figure . 
  sucks , but there you go . 
  i have now and i love you !, 
  i got a flag !, 
  edit : darn :(, 
  ah , yeah - i 'd taken that into account already , see here : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/innpq/i_for_one_am_for_a_federal_europe/c259ufb, 
  you get more out of cheap immigrant labour , out of better and easier access to former soviet markets , and out of a stronger eu as a whole ( not to mention other positives ) . 
  the countries you wish to swap with already have this , and ca n't compete with your goods in the first place . 
  these all benefit , in your case , swedish companies and the benefits flow through to the swedish economy and the swedish people . 
  it 's much harder to measure because it 's not the direct money that you 're giving to them , but it does have a significant benefit . 
  most of the money that goes to italy , for example , goes to the southern regions because they are as poor as those of the former eastern bloc , and the countries such as portugal , greece and spain have been poorer than those of northern europe for most of the last 50 years at least ( longer even i 'd guess ) and the same applies to them as to the former soviet countries , except on a smaller scale . 
  i have n't read much about this extra 30 % over 7 years , so i ca n't comment unfortunately , but hopefully you can see from what i 've written above that it will end up benefiting sweden and other contributing countries , if not immediately than in the long run . 
  yes , joining the euro now is a stupid idea . 
  but these benefits flow through to the entire european economy where there is free movement of goods , capital and people . 
  i imagine at some stage sweden will probably join the eurozone which benefits to a greater degree than non-eurozone countries from these effects . 
  you have to remember the euro is very new and is the most sophisticated , advanced currency of its kind . 
  it 's an experiment ( one currency for so many different and varied countries ? ), 
  that has never been tried before , and as with most experiments it takes a little while to fix all the problems , so it is unsurprising that such problems would arise . 
  as for the retirement age , the whole `` greeks retire at 55 '' thing is a myth that has already been disproven , they work just as hard as other countries . 
  why should you pay more than you already are ? 
  it 's an investment that will pay off far more if you stick with it than what you put in . 
  it 's the only way i can see of keeping europe as an important player in global trade over the 20th century . 
  yes some countries might mismanage their finances , but that is why the eu is constantly evolving to try and stop such problems happening . 
  all that 's required on your part is a little faith and understanding and the positive effects coming out of it should be great . 
  the customs and agricultural levies are being done away with as the cap is slowly dismantled , however i was referring more to the traditional state revenue generation such as income , corporate , estate taxes and so on . 
   i 'm not sure what he means , but eu can introduce new taxes w/o any changes to treaties , thought ofc this requires unanimity vote yeah , which is why i was saying it 's never going to happen , because it requires a unanimous vote . 
  i did n't mean to suggest that * in theory * it 's currently impossible , but rather than given the recent rise of euroscepticism in many countries of late it 's not going to happen , not to mention that the uk is horribly averse to giving any more power to the eu as it is . 
  you pay more than you get directly , you receive more than you give indirectly . 
  it 's the way the eu works . 
  poorer ex-soviet satellites would be an absolute drain ( not to mention a massive social and economic problem ) for the eu were it not for all the money flowing into them through the cohesion fund which is rapidly bringing them up to par with ` the west ' . 
  otherwise , all the talent and potential of the country would be wasted and a drag on the eu in general . 
  it might not look so rosy for sweden now because of this , but in 10-20 years when the euro is the dominant currency ( speculative , first should it survive and second should no serious problems befall it ) then sweden will be rolling in it . 
  could you point as to where ? 
  sorry , i meant ` brutality ' . 
  how is the eulimiting what freely consenting people can do amongst themselves ? 
  has n't the free movement of goods , people and capital made europe more ` free ' ? 
  where is it limiting your freedoms ? 
  the eu is an institution in a constant state of flux until it finds some equilibrium and what it wants to do and be , so of course there 'll be rough patches . 
  anyway , the thing with the eu is that nations can leave it whenever they choose . 
  it 's not an eu bureaucracy coercing nations into staying , it 's that the governments realize they benefit much more from being in the eu than outside it . 
  yes , the democratic deficit is a problem , but it takes the people of the eu to change it by writing to their national ( and eu ) politicians which suggests that perhaps this democratic deficit is more illusory than anything else . 
  the economist is only ok ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious as to what you would say is better . 
  and i do n't expect you to agree with me after only reading a few articles from the economist , but what you 'd written suggested to me a lack of depth in understanding the eu more than anything else , or perhaps a view biased by national media . 
  i just do n't know what you mean by oppression , savagery , etc unless you mean the democratic deficit ? 
  i agree that it 's not plausible today , but not for any of the reasons you 've listed . 
  by your words you seem to see the eu as some large devouring brutal monster , but maybe i 'm just not reading it right.independent media is precisely the more international media such as the economist . 
  those that transgress typical national attitudes , or even news from outside the eu . 
  finnish media and politics tend to be pretty manipulatively eurosceptic , i 'd recommend you check out some independent media on the topic . 
  edit : for example the highly regarded british publication `` the economist '' , despite coming from a country more eurosceptic than finland , is pretty in favor of the eu . 
  it 'll never happen because the various governments will never give independent taxation rights to the eu, 
  no , i did . 
  both major parties can choose not to work with df , df acts like a child and causes a dissolution of parliament , new voting begins and people have realized that df are a bunch of children and hopefully vote a new way , particularly with the lessons the other parties learnt . 
  `` the other 86 % should ignore them '' . 
  let df cause trouble in parliament , they 'll look like the party of children they are . 
  and it 's more than just saying a few controversial things , they represent a whole mindset of xenophobia bordering on racism , heavy euroscepticism ( against every treaty ) and populist us-vs-themism . 
  no , i 'd deny that what i described above is what was intended when denmark become a liberal democracy , and unhealthy for it now . 
  i think the other 86 % representation should ignore them as they do in sweden with sverigedemokraterna as a fringe/lunatic/undanish party . 
  they 're still free to vote , still free to ask questions in parliament , but do n't have a controlling vote in decision making by virtue of being in the opposition . 
  continue to address the issues that are important to those 14 % , but in a mature , tolerant and socially progressive form . 
  which it 's starting to do . 
  i 'm sceptical that a xenophobic populist party pandering to the ignorance and fear of a people that get bombarded with less than immigrant-neutral media is really what democracy is about . 
  my understanding is the government frequently cooperates with them , giving credence to their xenophobic views . 
  14 % is alot . 
  `` at a political level '' . 
  i 've travelled to a lot of countries around europe and never once been stopped by border control , nor even seen one . 
  edit : with the obvious exception of airports . 
  which is what i 'm suggesting is being chipped away at by having these border controls . 
  until every country starts instituting these border checks because people who have no illegal business have nothing to fear . 
  and then a country starts requiring visas as well because `` people with no illegal business will be able to get in anyway '' , and then the system of free movement in europe is dead . 
  sure , perhaps you 're right , but i 'm just going off of danish recent history with regards to the way outsiders tend to be viewed and treated , at a political level . 
  this makes me sceptical of ` drugs and crime ' as the reason . 
  stop ` undesirables ' coming into the country . 
  why , you think they 're doing it because drugs are * such * a huge issue in dk ? 
  typical danskfolkeparti xenophobia . 
  except they 're not doing it to try and stop drugs ... 
  check out krakow - cheap as hell , while being the same as any other modern city with an insane amount of bars and clubs and really friendly people .
