  he 's an out-and-out racist with marvels like  all the negro does in the western world is whine . 
  they are blessed to be in predominantly white , western nations . 
  they are blessed that they are not in their own ethnic homelands . 
  this negro hates whites , yet wants to emigrate to one of the whitest nations on the planet . 
  thus is the way way of the negro . 
  a parasitical and hypocritical race . 
  they 're dealing with russia , where 's the carrot or the stick ? 
  yeah , i 'm not really convinced of that . 
  i think languages wax and wane depending on a number of factors , but one of them is how much readily available mass media there is in that language . 
  the us has been tremendously successful in this respect , having the worlds best known music acts , tv shows , movies , and books . 
  and they 're backed up by the english speaking parts of the commonwealth . 
  why else do you think that france spends so much financing the french film industry ? 
  as long as culture is an export , language will go with it as the two are almost inextricably linked . 
  ultimately , when it 's good and ready . 
  it needs serious improvements with respect to areas such as the persecution of journalists and of the rule of law though . 
  still , i 'm doubtful they will . 
  erdogan has said he 'll give up seeking to join the eu if they increase turkey 's status from observer to member in the sco . 
  yes , the point was more that there is a signification portion of people that go to krakow but just go to auschwitz . 
  well , that 's why i added the caveat ` many ' . 
  there is a really large number of people that miss it because they just want to see auschwitz . 
  well , i 'm living in krakow , poland right now . 
  and i think the thing many tourists skip , but should see , is krakow !, 
  so many times i hear that someone is going to krakow just to travel to auschwitz , when the actual city itself is so beautiful , vibrant , cheap and dynamic . 
  when i was in the basque country a month ago my friends were singing some song about the king and the queen . 
  i wish for the life of me i could remember what it was and the lyrics . 
   in fact we could opt for the solution that was in use some three centuries ago , a nominal monarch , and the ordinary government done by regional institutions . 
  not too different from australia and canada respect from uk . 
  i think we could dispense of a governor , since the king could be mostly on hand for protocolary matters . 
  that ... would actually be a very clever solution . 
  although i know that my catalan and basque friends would not go for such , as they are hardcore nationalist secessionists . 
  greenland still counts as part of denmark though , whereas catalunya would not be part of spain in the same circumstances . 
  that was an opt-out as part of danish ( on behalf of greenlands ) terms , not a secession . 
  good to see political activism is alive and well !, 
  cheers !, 
  any chance for the estonian words ? 
  is it still common on job applications to list your parents occupations ? 
  perhaps this is a throwback to communist times , but once a few friends and i were on a tram and were laughing . 
  not loudly , not disruptively , but just in good spirits . 
  an old lady told us we were n't allowed to laugh there because it was a public place . 
  is n't there some kind of saying like ` work ' when you 're walking past someone who 's doing hard work , and they reply ` needed ' ? 
  informative , cheers !, 
  yeah , uncertainty and instability are terrible economic drivers , and anyone that thinks that 's not the likely scenario following a secession like this has n't got a brain in their head . 
  do n't have to deal with the ` shutting down electronic devices ' during take off and landing as wlel, 
  political assassination , through and through . 
  patronizing ? 
  it was n't my intent to be patronizing , and i do n't think i came off as such . 
  as i said , i sympathize with them . 
  i was just trying to explain the protests - uneducated people that are getting kicked into teeth due to globalization but do n't seem to understand that in the face of overwhelming force of globalization such layoff are inevitable , and that over the long run it brings benefits to poland . 
  i 've known some lawyers in my time . 
  one of them was , without a doubt , the stupidest person with a degree i 've ever known . 
  you 're wrong mate . 
  just accept it . 
  i saw interviews of these people on the news . 
  they 're people that have no understanding of economics whatsoever . 
  many of them are 50 + and i 'm guessing were used to communist style employment measures ( ie : 4 people for a one man job ) . 
  it 's really unfortunate how uneducated these people are . 
  i sympathise with them because they 're not living in the real world but rather in the past - and they simply do n't understand concepts like globalization or outsourcing . 
  it 's not their fault , but it 's kind of symptomatic in polish leadership - uneducated/ill-informed people taking on lead roles ( walesa was an electrician , what did he know about running a country , let alone the intellectual nobody kaczynski ) and swaying the impressionable with rhetoric . 
  they do more harm than good , but are n't able to see the big picture to realize that . 
  i 'm sorry , but no . 
  poland :  the constitutional tribunal of poland ruled that while eu law may override national statutes , it does not override the constitution lithuania :  the lithuanian constitutional court concluded with its ruling dated 14 march 2006 in case no . 
  17/02-24 / 02-06/03 -22 / 04 , \u00a7 9.4 in chapter iii , that eu law has supremacy over ordinary legal acts of the lithuanian parliament , but not over the constitution . 
  in cases when the constitutional court finds the eu law contrary to the lithuanian constitution , the union law loses its direct effect and shall remain inapplicable . 
  these examples are just from the wiki article you linked . 
  did you not read it ? 
   many countries ' highest courts have stated that union law takes precedence provided that it continues to respect fundamental constitutional principles of the member state , the ultimate judge of which will be the member state ( more exactly , the court of that member state ) , rather than the european union institutions themselves, 
  it was only 23 years ago that the soviet union still existed . 
  a shitload changes in 20 years . 
  do n't be so certain . 
  there is no simple answer . 
  but the point is , and has been from the start , that the latvian pm is not going to say anything that might make the situation difficult in latvia vis-a-vis any kind of russian nationalist sentiment . 
  he 's not going to say anything that might in 20 years lead to a russian nationalist/unionist movement using those words as justification . 
  really ? 
  it 's not as easy as you suggest . 
  your entire life , your assets , your social networks are all in the one place . 
  you think it 's fair that because they were born there but are n't the ` original nationality ' that they should be expected to give all that up ? 
  regardless , you ca n't dismiss the complaints of people that live there now . 
  if you 're talking about the ratification of eu treaties when you mean international law ( rather than customary law ) , then you 're mistaken . 
  if the latest eu treaty was ratified by the spanish government , but was inconsistent with the constitution , then either the spaniards have to have a referendum to change the constitution , or the eu treaty is considered invalid under spanish constitutional law , and hence it has to leave the eu . 
  the constitution remains supreme in every country , except in cases where the un deems there to be gross breach of human rights , or some other core concern of the un - regardless , really bad shit has to go down . 
  if you live there on a western salary , you live like a king . 
  there is a long history of russians in latvia preceding soviet times . 
  just because they were increased under the soviet union does not mean that their perspectives and ideas become magically invalid . 
  to an extent , but one merely needs to look at any ethnic minority that has had trouble with the majority ( tamils , tibetans , etc ) to see that the right to self-determination is a very limited and poorly enforced right . 
  sovereignty still trumps that . 
  sorry , but eu law trumps national law , not national constitutional law . 
  if there is a conflict between eu law and constitutional law , then it follows that the country would n't have been able to ratify the eu treaty ( due to it 's illegality under constitutional law ) and hence would either have to change it 's constitution ( requiring a referendum ) or leave the eu . 
  that 's ... not accurate . 
  if the us ( or a regional hegemon ) decides it does , then it does . 
  if not , then it does n't . 
  youre clearly not aquainted with the many political verbal gaffes and mistakes , it seems , 
  let me put it more simply for you . 
  the pm of a country that has problems with a significant ethnic minority is not going to give that minority any ammunition to use against him . 
  hence , he would not make arguments based on that definition . 
  if you really think the pm of a baltic country that has a significant population of ethnic russians and faces constant integration problems with that population , is going to start appealing to weberian notions of political authority , you 're fucking deluded . 
  legitimate in that sense would be ` that 's a legitimate argument ' . 
  in the context of international law and sovereignty ( as pms are wont to do ) , it refers to according to legal practice . 
  that 's in a different context than what the latvian pm used it in . 
  the principle of westphalian sovereignty means that in spain the constitution is the highest point of law . 
  spain is not breaching any un laws ( which in some cases supercede national law regardless of whether you 're a signatory or not ) or international norms on the catalan issue .
