  i know how this work , and why most people here are wrong . 
  if you do n't understand nuance , or even two completely different situations , then i ca n't help you . 
  that was for taking away their branding , not for changing a label to contain a common standard . 
  other health warning were n't challenged . 
   or that forcing a country of origin label or their product is indirect expropriation . 
  this is ridiculous , and only worth responding to to point that out . 
   and stop bsing . 
  you know very well isds mechanism can be used to attack labels . 
  so this deal could make it illegal for a country do demand a ( truthful ) country of origin on the label . 
  if the country of origin label is only demanded for foreign products , yeah , it can be attacked . 
  if it 's for every country , then it ca n't . 
  actually , that says that we just agree to eachother standards for testing oyster waters , both of which are shown to be equally effective though different . 
  so if other standards are shown to be equivalent , then those ones will be cut . 
  if they 're found not to be , they wo n't . 
   you know how isds can be used to attack labeling laws . 
  so wo n't in practice this deal allow us companies to flood the eu marked with substandard products and even falsely label them as european . 
  this is n't the case . 
  i do n't see an issue with isds . 
  only 8 countries in the eu do n't already have a bit containing isds with the us , it 's part of more than 3000 agreements worldwide ( including 1400 from eu states ) . 
  as to social standards , the eu has already said it 's not going to lower social , environmental , labour , safety , etc standards in the eu for the sake of an agreement . 
  if they lied about that , i would not support it . 
  but i simply do n't see them lying to us about that . 
  i 've never * supported * ttip . 
  i 've always claimed we should wait until it 's actually released and we can see what 's in it before deciding . 
  but in general , i 'm for a deal but it just depends on the terms . 
  it 's a bit dated , but a very vigorous and well moderated debate . 
   uhh yes they can , at least in poland if they have 2/3 of the vote in a parliament . 
  then i would say that poland is a shitty democracy , but that 's because in australia a referendum is required . 
   those are institutions governed by laws made by , well government . 
  yes they do not control them in a way that they can say ` hey put this guy in a jail ' but they set the rules for how they interact with the country . 
  i take it you 're opposed to the dispute settlement mechanism of the wto as well then ? 
  that 's not under any kind of democratic control . 
   yes it means exactly that , there is less scrutiny by the way you yourself portrayed . 
  not being able to filibuster , and not being able to make amendment , does not mean that there is no scrutiny . 
  it has * three months * of scrutiny before it has to be ratified or rejected . 
  in the eu , the process is longer as it has to go for legal review , translation , and before 28 national parliaments plus the eu where it takes about a year . 
  it 's not even just danes and finns , it 's basically the entire internet community . 
  fast track just means that congress has to either give it a yay or a nay , there 's no possibility for amendments ( after all , if they amend it then it 's not really an agreement anymore , and other countries will want to amend it as well ) and that there 's no possibility for filibustering . 
  it does n't mean it has to go through in 2 days or that there 's less scrutiny . 
  if you do n't even understand simple concepts like , this , how can you claim to understand anything else about the treaty ? 
   we limit direct democracy because it is hard to execute and less efficient . 
  we do n't just limit direct democracy . 
  politicians ca n't change the constitutions . 
  politicians ca n't control the central bank . 
  politicians ca n't control the judiciary . 
  we limit democracy in so many different areas of government , because often it 's bad if the people have control over it . 
  i like democracy . 
  i just think people do n't understand what it means too often , and put it down to simple `` if a majority is for it , then its good ! '', 
  terms . 
  to write here ? 
  no one . 
  why do you ask ? 
  is having a differing point of view all it takes to be labelled a shill these days ? 
  so you 're saying limiting democracy is bad , by that measure increasing democracy is good right ? 
  for example , a simple majority voting to ban pizza in a referendum is better than elected representatives voting on an increase on the minimum wage . 
  and 99.99 % of people voting to kill off the rest is even better since there 's such a clear democratic majority in favour of it . 
  people should really stop throwing around ` democracy ' as an argument to why something is good/bad , it 's simplistic and reductive in the extreme . 
  we limit democracy in a tremendous amount of areas because we realize the harms it will do . 
  we limit democracy in proscribing punishment . 
  we limit democracy with respect to how it can affect others ( they 're called ` liberal-democracies ' instead of just ` democracies ' for a reason ) . 
  you 're also ignoring that our elected representatives would have to vote on the treaty , giving it democratic legitimacy if it goes through . 
  / r/badeconomics has a quick rundown [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/badeconomics/comments/1ynhuh/free_trade_is_evil_because_it_creates_giant/ ) . 
  other than that , i 've just seen it pop up in discussions here and there about how bad it is . 
  i 'm sure a quick google would pull up something definitive . 
  * and nowhere near as malevolent as people portray it to be * . 
  i was the person that was pointing out that arbitration via isds is normal and nowhere near as malevolent as people portray it to be , yes . 
  this comic has been shown to be incorrect on a number of levels a bunch of times , but because it 's a comic about heavy subject matter and is kind of long people continue to lap it up . 
  for example , i love how it seems to imply china buying us bonds is bad , but then turns around and says that fiscal stimulus ( paid for by those chinese bonds ) is amazing . 
  if you think that 's a threat then you live in la-la-land . 
  i did n't insult anyone on one side or another here either , but if you 'd like i could always start with you . 
  i 'm not neoliberal , extremely or otherwise . 
  i love how `` sjw '' has become such a big bogeyman in the world . 
  my mistake . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/31o20h/last_minutes_of_crimean_tatar_tv_channel_atr/cq4cuit?context=2 ) you were arguing that what was happening in spain to catalan people , was the same that was happening to tartar 's in crimea . 
  then you deleted your comment ( presumably because you realized how stupid it was ) , and tried to cover it up by saying the person was just a troll . 
  no shit , if they want to go against the treaties of the eu they should leave the eu first . 
  how is that some bizarre anti-democratic notion for some people ? 
  whereas you 're the charming and insightful person that thinks that 's what 's happening to the tartars in crimea is the same as what 's happening to catalan people in spain . 
  if they do n't seem to , that 's just because most people do n't understand how central bankers work . 
  oh , i 'm actually a big fan of them . 
  but i did n't see them as the populist ` everything is undemocratic ' pandering style of podemos . 
  ` bankers ' talk is pretty stupid . 
  it 's just another scary sounding buzzword these days like ` corporate ' . 
  people rarely even bother to distinguish between central bankers and commercial ones . 
  she even has her own wikipedia page !, 
  in every argument you have on reddit , you seem to bring up ` non-elected ' and ` undemocratic ' . 
  do you want each police officer to be elected ? 
  each chief of police ? 
  i really do n't think you have a clue about how democracy works , beyond simplistic and reductive in the extreme generalities . 
  she looks pretty happy in the second shot . 
  hitler 's role in the military was very highly regarded by military tacticians and strategists ... no wait , they were seen as one of the causes of why the nazis lost . 
  lem me guess , you 're a big fan of podemos ? 
  well , it 's there right to be angry . 
  good for them . 
  moving on , what 's for lunch ? 
  i 'm not expecting much intelligent discussion here . 
   as far as i understand , the only change this could bring is speeding up the process and making it possible to deport people with refugee status . 
  woah , what ? 
  where to ? 
  they understand that this would breach the principle of non-refoulment of refugees , one of the pillars of the refugee convention right ?
