  does germany bear the burden alone , or with a small group of countries ? 
  that would drop a couple of percentage points in polling from the ruling government in any supportive countries . 
   spread the payments to 200 years , zero interest , bam , debt forgiveness within the `` rules '' . 
  it 's basically what has been happening . 
  there are also provisions for the return of interest that greece pays providing that greece matches certain targets , meaning the debt is already basically at a negative return . 
  the rescue packages were the ` least bad ' solution . 
  politically , it was impossible for countries to just forgive debt - how are you going to expect countries like your own estonia , which had worse gdp/capita during the gfc , and went through a crushing internal devaluation , to justify forgiving the debt that you guys lent to greece when you were facing your own problems ? 
  how can you sell that to your public ? 
  it was the internal devaluations that countries in the baltics went through that really got you through those times ( plus , to be honest , emigration ) . 
  default would be even worse . 
  greece does n't export much , a large portion of its foreign currency comes from tourism . 
  how would greece be able to pay for all the * many * things it imports if it went back to a drachma which was worth a fraction of what the euro was for them ? 
  sure , there might be a slight uptick in tourism during that time , and it might eventually spur more profitable industries in the longer term , but it would have been even more calamitous . 
  given the above two points , the bailouts were simply the best option on the table out of a number of even worse ones . 
  what kind of bizarre alternate reality are you living in ? 
  you are a thoroughly unpleasant person . 
  ... how long ago do you think his ancestors lived , when he says ' i do n't want to be replaced in the lands millions of my ancestors died for . ', 
  you have crazy rage issues . 
  it 's not even the evening and already you look like you 're ready to beat your dog . 
  i never said anything about your modern day countrymen . 
  you clearly have issues with both reading comprehension and anger management . 
  thanks for wasting mine and everybody else 's time with this pedantry . 
  clever, 
  yeah , but i 'm not following . 
  op only claimed it was the official language , not the spoken language . 
  then the person i replied to tried to correct op by saying it was n't the spoken , just official ( something op did n't disagree with ) , so i pointed that out ... and now you 're here telling me that just because it 's the official language , does n't mean it 's the spoken one !, 
  whatever mate . 
  yeah , but they 'd view almost everything about you as alien , except that you could speak their language with a funny accent . 
  idioms , patterns of thinking , cultural values - all that shit would be radically different , far more so than with indians or japanese . 
  you think you have anything in common with those people ? 
  what would you talk about , grain and sheep ? 
  how many people the most recent plague killed , or that 4 of your six kids died before they turned 18 ? 
  and i do n't know what the first half of your paragraph means . 
  seems arbitrary to feel so connected to people that died hundreds of years ago , that are culturally considerably further away from you at present than a japanese or indian or thai person is right now . 
  let me guess , you have an issue with this . 
  what ? 
  did you just have a stroke ? 
  where did that thought vomit come from ? 
  are n't your people humans ? 
  that 's why op specified ` officially ' french-speaking . 
  they 've already been there a few years . 
  saw a ryanair hens night - arrived to krak\u00f3w two hours earlier and already one was puking and another passed out . 
  as a foreigner that lived in poland , you do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about and you 're almost completely wrong . 
  i actually know plenty of both german and british immigrants in poland , so obviously there 's not zero , and there 's actually a fair sizeable number . 
  admittedly , there is a very strong undercurrent of racism ... but i do n't know what the fuck you 're thinking with this post in this submission . 
  we should n't be sending people to the camps anyway . 
  we 're essentially putting millions of people into areas where they are not economically productive , there are few services and few reasons to really do anything except exist . 
  it is like being raised in a prison , it 's a completely different ` fake ' society where people get institutionalized . 
  i do n't want these poor kids growing up there when they 've only just escaped war . 
  the refugee is n't designed to help poor people , it 's designed to help refugees regardless of their wealth . 
  you clearly know nothing about refugees and their lives and your ignorance is insulting . 
  who said immigrants ? 
  we were discussing refugees . 
  let 's get rid of the geneva convention and the declaration on human rights while we 're at it . 
  so refugees do n't need to be protected from war anymore ? 
  it was n't irresponsible . 
  she was upholding treaties , treaties which were created following the devastation caused by germany on innocent civilians , and the recognition that civilians need to be protected from war . 
  it has n't been irresponsible . 
  i know plenty about them , and that most of all they cared about power . 
  here come the new communists , same as the old communists . 
  you 've always been an authoritarian poster on this sub , and i ca n't believe that someone that views themselves a patriot as much as you could ever condone this shit . 
  you 're worse than the communists . 
  dunno , why ? 
  [ one was arrested ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/07/14/teenager-arrested-five-acid-attacks-london-90-minute-period/ ), 
  not even 1 % are , it 's more like 0.00001 %, 
  you know this is immigrants , because ? 
  edit : apparently it 's a bunch of chavs stealing mopeds . 
  you should n't call georgia a toilet , dude ... 
  i think they 're asking why the serbs were in dutch uniform, 
  trade is n't zero sum . 
  i 'm worried i 'm going to be on a pervert list if i look up ` weeb shit ' . 
  i 'm glad you 're the one replying to this clown , because i 'm not sure i have the energy . 
  kobe is different . 
  it counts as `` high quality beef '' and attracts a 20 % tariff on about the first ~ 40,000 tonnes ( of high quality beef in general , not necessarily kobe ) , and then a much steeper price after that . 
  it is a pdo product . 
  but tariffs on quality beef ( beyond the first ~ 40,000 tonnes ) are pretty reasonable , after that it 's ridonks . 
  hopefully this agreement will raise the tariff free quota , but i 'm a little sceptical it will . 
  high quality pdo products ( such as kobe , feta , etc ) tend to attract high tariffs - though bear in mind that my memory is incredibly hazy in this area . 
  yep , it 's also a pdo product . 
  ultimately , the costs are all passed down to the consumer , and the taxes go to the government . 
  and how many of them were killed by the european parliament or other process ? 
  all four ? 
  they killed acta did n't they ? 
  not exactly . 
  the agreement appears to be basically complete . 
  it 's a matter of waiting for it to be published and a tad of fine tuning . 
  so the discussion here is about whether it might kill public policy , not whether it should ? 
  because i agree with that , but i do n't think it 's a good reason to kill it . 
  is poor public perception a reason to kill good public policy ? 
  similarly , ` wog ' is a term of endearment for immigrants in australia from around the mediterranean ( aside from spain and france ) , whilst in the uk it 's a racist slur against people from india , pakistan , bangladesh , sri lanka , etc. 
  no , you specified that isds was sold poorly to the public , not ftas . 
  `` hey guys , we have a good process , but the public do n't bother educating themselves , so let 's kill it '' . 
  no , tariffs on game consoles are already at 0 % as i recall . 
  i do n't know what weeb shit is though . 
  isds is fine , it 's part of more than 3400 agreements worldwide . 
  the public just does n't understand it, 
  sounds right . 
  when the text is released we 'll be able to verify in the tariff tables, 
  it did help the tpp , and i was around for that . 
  i know that the people agitating against it were the same people that were going to g20 protests to protest globalization .
