  he did n't say it was their fault for getting attacked . 
  so can you go into some reasonable level of analysis here ? 
  if you have the knowledge , i 'm sure the subreddit would appreciate your insight and a turn away form hyperbolic doom and gloom articles . 
  techdirts reporting went from generally acceptable a few years ago to doomsaying apocalyptic warnings these days . 
  i have ( culturally ) more in common with liberal cosmopolitan muslims from the middle east than i do with racist skin heads from poland . 
  if it goose-steps like a duck , and quacks like a duck ... christ , just fucking own the label . 
  i mean , in one sentence people on here will say `` i 'm not racist , but '' and then in the next say `` muslims just do n't integrate , they do n't belong in the west '' . 
  maybe they 're trying to highlight that you should n't generalize a whole population , like you guys are often doing on this subreddit ? 
  good response . 
  top banter . 
  you have quite the victim complex . 
  do you not realise what a waste of space you are on this subreddit ? 
  you did n't finish high school , did you ? 
  no it 's not , do n't be daft . 
  turnbull has just had an upset in parliament that has n't occurred for some 50-odd years . 
  he 'll say anything to draw attention away from that . 
  overcrowded ? 
  do n't make me laugh . 
  even for a country like the uk , two trade agreements a year is impossible . 
  3 every five years is feasible if they compromise a lot and invest a lot of resources and political capital . 
  edit : not sure why this is being downvoted . 
  try and point to any country that 's been even close to 3 in 5 years of trade agreements . 
  there are literally basically none, 
  how is this eu or european overreach ? 
  this is literally one european country investigating the death of one of their citizens . 
  did n't say world war 2 . 
  europe has a long history of it from before ww2, 
  it 's pretty much beyond doubt that wikileaks is controlled by the fsb at this stage . 
  trust their leaks , do n't trust their commentary . 
  did he say ` open doors ' or did he say letting in migrants ? 
  they mean two different things . 
  no one is saying open its doors . 
  it 's saying do n't process them in concentration camps on manus island and nauru . 
  if you 're for opening up concentration camps , despite the weight of history , be my guest . 
  nah it ai n't , just a lot in the last few days because i have a controversial opinion which causes arguments . 
  plus , if i 'm using my free time on the internet i look at topics that actually interest me . 
  it still has the unanimous support of governments . 
  what they say in public is very different than what is said in private . 
  the governments gave the [ ec the mandate to negotiate after all ] ( http://www.consilium.europa.eu/uedocs/cms_data/docs/pressdata/en/foraff/145014.pdf ) . 
  governments know what matters is getting to a negotiated outcome . 
  once you get there , you can decide whether it 's something you can support or not . 
  nah , you are . 
  it was never leaked . 
  one chapter was . 
  the final text was released literally more than a year before it went to vote . 
  pew is one of the most respected polling agencies globally . 
  they 're not biased . 
  if you 'd been through the rollercoaster of hate and hateful pms that i 've gotten , you 'd be a bit worn out by it as well . 
   as far as i know this case is still ongoing . 
  i was referring to the first one with hamburg . 
  it ca n't take rights away from member states , its powers are constrained by the tfeu . 
  i am not a paid troll . 
  you mean isds , which is completely misrepresented by the media ? 
  the only country that does n't have isds in an agreement is ireland . 
  there are more than 1400 agreements containing it in the eu this is simply a topic the public does n't understand . 
  such as ? 
  ttip is hypothetical , the entire thing is under negotiation and there are no concrete proposals or clauses . 
  nothing has been agreed to . 
  it 's essentially a comparison between a utopian ideal which would have no chance to work in the real world , and the real world application of what a free trade agreement would look like . 
  it 's silly to oppose the latter in the hope of getting the former . 
  what are the differences between ttip as a specific deal , and a new deal as an unspecific deal ? 
  both are hypothetical at this stage , because we do n't know what will ultimately be in there . 
  what 's the difference between a new deal with the us , and ttip ? 
   how is it stupid to be against something you do n't know the contents of ? 
  but i 'm not blindly supporting something until i see and understand what 's in it . 
  it 's stupid , becuase the agreement will be public for well over a year when they finish negotiating it and that is the time to determine whether to support or oppose the agreement . 
  the issue at hand right now is whether to support or oppose the * negotiations * towards the agreement . 
  many people oppose the negotiations because of what they fear will be in the final negotiated outcome , rather than writing directly to dg trade saying `` i do n't like the idea of this provision , please do n't include it '' . 
  the eu has a tremendous amount of information online about what their negotiating positions , red lines , and mandate are . 
  people just do n't educate themselves . 
  the issue with direct democracy is n't technology , it 's voter ignorance . 
  it becomes about ngos trying to spread as much fear as possible to mobilize people to go and vote for their viewpoint . 
  just look at brexit , and how basically that entire vote was about feelings rather than facts . 
  yes , something which was controlled by the states and much more emphatic support of a states right to regulate . 
  as far as a state being concerned about being sued goes , it was * much * better . 
  it was more akin to the dsm of the wto , than to the ad-hoc tribunal of past agreements , and all of the mainstream criticisms ( many of which were outright misrepresentations of how isds works ) such as secretive , lost profits , corporate lawyers would n't have applied . 
  the uk is already party to dozens of agreements containing isds for literally decades , it has n't been an issue yet . 
  why would it be with the us ? 
   ok . well , i do n't know about the australian government and their history in tyranny but european governments are elected by the people and - of course at least in theory - protect the public interest . 
  and yet succesful isds cases against european countries show otherwise , such as vattenfall v germany . 
   i find that highly alarming . 
  so , free trade alone is fine with me . 
  isds is fine with me as long as we go back to the original concept of investor protection and abandon that perverted version that has been sold by arbitration law firms for almost two decatedes now . 
  i studied isds , i know that all of what you 've written is bunk . 
  provide polling , get called paid troll . 
  i bet you were top of your class . 
  yes , i think the eu is powerful enough and has so many interests arranged against liberalizing gmos in the eu , that this is a hard issue for them that they wo n't compromise on . 
  the eu has stated it 's not going to change gm regulations for the agreement . 
  no , i consider isds to be a reasonable extension of legal processes against tyranny of the majority and governments that favour protectionism . 
  as long as the system is designed to have strict protections for policies done in the public interests in a nondiscriminatory fashion ( such as for the environment and health reasons ) , i have no problem . 
  foreign investors should be protected against the whims of government . 
  the manufactured kerfuffle by people like monbiot and organizations like greenpeace ? 
  manufactured , as stated . 
  the ep shot down acta . 
  there 's every reason to think it will shoot down ttip as well if it 's bad . 
  here 's my reasoning why ; the eu craves the legitimacy of the people . 
  national parliaments have the unquestioning legitimacy of the overwhelming majority of that nations people , but for the eu this is something that has to be carefully husbanded , conserved , and earned . 
  the member state governments have overwhelming control of the eu thanks to the council of ministers and the european council , and whilst politicians will always be politicians , the fact that the eu needs this to be popular amongst the public is why i think they wo n't sell us down the river . 
  of course , the final agreement will be public for more than a year after it 's made which will be plenty of time for scrutiny , and the european parliament shot down acta thanks to public pressure ( something the eu negotiating team is very mindful of ) , so there 's still hope even if it does turn out to be rotten . 
  but that the ep shot down acta is merely another indicator that there 's no reason to distrust the eu - because the negotiating team is already wary of what will be acceptable to the ep , to national parliaments , and to the people in general - and they will negotiate with what 's politically possible to pass in mind .
