  wow , -6 now . 
  you 're doing well . 
  what ? 
  the alternative was that the banks collapse . 
  depositers up to 100,000 euros had their money insured , everyone with above that amount would have lost the money to bond holders , and other holders of debt/equity going down the hierarchy . 
  that hierarchy needs to be in place , else inter-bank loans and bonds would have much higher interests rates , making the banking system more rigid , less responsive to change , and less stable . 
  i 'm not understand what you 're criticizing here , what the troika did was the least-bad option . 
  currently it is , sure , but the us has four massive lng export terminals in production that have already been given production licenses ( where previously , none had export licenses ) , australia has three coming online around 2015-2017 , malaysia has one or two , and there are dozens more dotting the rest of the world all coming online in the near future . 
  just in the next few years the entire gas needs of just germany plus with considerable spare change is meant to come online onto the world markets . 
  that has n't happened , most banks seem to be pretty stable now . 
  they 've all undergone stress tests and have taken steps to remediate whatever weaknesses they had . 
  thanks for the link , could n't agree more . 
  the alternative for the cypriot banks was for the account holders above 100,000 euros to lose all of it ( the sum above 100,000 euros ) . 
  you 're mistaken . 
  the 2012 data is only provisional . 
  [ norway overtook russia last year ] ( http://rt.com/business/norway-eu-russia-gas-supplier-256/ ) . 
  some racists believe in conspiracy theories where the government informally censors anti-immigration articles . 
  those people are stupid ( else , they would n't be racists ) . 
  [ your information is outdated ] ( http://rt.com/business/norway-eu-russia-gas-supplier-256/ ) . 
  incidentally , lng import terminals are springing up all over europe , and the global lng export industry is booming ( something like doubling capacity every few years ) . 
  there 's no way putin would cut off the gas to europe . 
  his regime needs the money too badly . 
  anyway , most gas that europe consumes comes from norway these days . 
  well , i 'm pretty sure it has been proven that the earth mover was done by agent provocateurs , so i 'm wondering how much of this other stuff in this footage was similarly done by them . 
  well actually , i agree with the boycott on non-military scientific collaboration . 
  the only way israel will change it 's settlement policy is if it feels increasingly isolated . 
  just curious , how many is too many ? 
  oh , do n't get me wrong . 
  the germans would bounce back eventually . 
  my points was merely that it would n't be all roses and sunshine if they went out of the euro , they 'd probably experience worse economic times than after reunification for at least five years , and also that the euro was without a doubt a massive boon to the german economy . 
  the euro is considerably undervalued taken in the context of just germany 's economy . 
  as for pre-euro and euro germany , i 'd have to say it 's a completely different world . 
  south east asian ( including chinese ) manufacturing is skyrocketing , and whilst it 's far from the admitted quality that germany manages , the differences in price make up for the price in many consumers eyes . 
  secondly , germany is still struggling with bringing east germany up to the par of the former frg and has pumped about 2 trillion euros into the task over the past two decades . 
  there 's considerable work still to be done . 
  i do n't think it 's really fair to make the comparison between a pre and a post euro germany . 
  different fundamentals , different circumstances , different economies . 
  i could 've sworn they had a primary surplus one quarter last year ... 
  i disagree . 
  abandoning the euro and returning to the d-mark would mean that that would become one of the worlds largest reserve currencies in lieu of the euro , increasing pressure on the d-mark . 
  that , in combination with losing the downward pressure that periphery countries put on the euro , would make german exports increasingly noncompetitive . 
  the euro has been a fantastic economic boon for germany . 
  i believe slovakia was in discussions with ukraine to reverse the flow of a pipeline between the two countries so that they could pump it to them . 
  it would undoubtedly be at a premium to what the ukrainians would have paid if there were no troubles with russia , but it 's a start . 
  there are also plans for lng import terminals in ukraine , but i do n't think that 's gotten off the ground yet . 
  i think the eu would be far more amenable to ` helping ' them funding that , than cutting a cheque for 20 billion euros . 
  ah yes , i was referring to a them extending the term of the phase out , i did n't mean to imply they had all been shut down immediately . 
  but i wholeheartedly agree more should 've been done with respect to grid improvements as well . 
  well , i can certainly see how the economics side of the nuclear is n't conducive to starting up large scale renewables given how cheap nuclear is factoring out construction costs , and it 's impact on crowding out investment , both in production and research . 
  but regardless , i know for a fact that a number of german nuclear reactors still had a fair few years of safe and economical use , and i ca n't help but feel that shutting down all of them in favour of coal was a poor choice environment-wise . 
  at the least , keep some nuclear reactors running whilst having a smaller number of coal to make up for the shortfall . 
  the blanket removal of nuclear was not , in my opinion and that of my ex and her coursemates that did masters degrees in energy systems engineering ( they graduated a number of years ago and it 's hard to convey that at the time we were going out , but we 've discussed this recently ) , done more in view of politics and poorly thought out public sentiment than any solidly thought out policy . 
  it did n't say eu diplomats , it said ` european ', 
  the right wing gets involved in every situation like this . 
  very much so . 
  on multiple orders of magnitude considerably more damaging to our atmosphere and increasing the effects of climate change . 
  could n't agree more . 
  unfortunately , the way electricity grids are designed means that you ca n't realistically have more than a 30 % take up of variable output renewables . 
  germany shut down it 's nuclear plants and spun up coal turbines instead to compensate . 
  on high output days , the energy gets sent to czech and polish grids causing tremendous stress to the point where they have to build measures to prevent their grids from shutting down . 
  on low output days , it takes the energy from coal or france 's nuclear . 
  the anti-nuclear crowd directly caused more emissions in germany as a result . 
  fracking is fine , provided that very stringent regulations are followed . 
  i doubt that poland and romania are capable of enforcing those regulations . 
  this all started when stonus said the uk would suffer lessened influence if it left the eu . 
  you brought up the wto as an example of how the uk would gain more influence ` because it does n't have a seat in the wto ' as part of the eu . 
  i proved you wrong . 
  you said i was splitting hairs , ignoring the fact that there is considerably more to having a seat in the wto than just negotiating the next round of talks . 
  it 's not splitting hairs , there is a massive fundamental fucking difference if you knew what you were talking about with your ` informed opinion ' ( i think we 've already established that was a joke ) . 
  now you 're backpedaling once more saying that your point from the beginning was that the uk would be able to negotiate it 's own trade deals . 
  so either you mean negotiating it 's own ftas and such , in which case why bring up the wto ? 
  but i 'll concede that whilst you 're an intellectual nobody , you 're probably not quite * that * stupid . 
  or , you mean the uk would be better able to represent it 's interests in the wto . 
  in a strictly technical sense , sure , the uk probably can best say what the uk wants . 
  in an outcomes sense ( and this is where the original argument of ` the uk would have less influence globally ' comes in ) , then no . 
  you really think the uk is better off arguing trade negotiations outside of the largest market in the world , than inside ? 
  you think the uk will be bigger consensus builders in wto negotiations than the eu ? 
  you are downright fucking mental if that 's what you believe , it flies in the face of all relevant international negotiation and international power theories , not to mention it makes coming to a reasonable negotiated consensus within the wto that much harder to come by . 
  that you think the uk does n't represent the uk demos is amusing in the extreme as well . 
  who do they represent ? 
  majestic 12 ? 
  the global shadow government ? 
  margaret thatchers rotting corpse that still rules england with an iron grip ? 
   nope . 
  did n't say that either . 
  that 's you ` outright lying ' . 
  this comes from you butchering the english language , as you are so wont to do . 
  you have no ability to effectively and accurately convey your point across . 
  one need only look at [ this stunning display of blather ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1smhrd/the_official_european_elections_2014_website_in/cdzajao ) to understand that . 
  it 's no wonder i misunderstood the point you were trying to argue . 
  but wait , no i was n't lying there , and i did n't misunderstand . 
  because in that travesty of a post you did say that through these gems  that 's the whole point . 
  the eu is n't conveying uk interests and  of course you know that there are negotiations around any deal between signatories , and that an eu member state is effectively excluded because it matters what the eu delegation agrees , but you 'll pretend they do n't exist and that does n't happen either ... 
  which proves that that is * exactly * what you were saying . 
  incidentally , do n't think i have n't noticed you instantly upvoting yourself with a second account after each of your posts . 
  an upvote on each of your prior three posts within a minute of you posting them , in a thread that 's gone off the main page ? 
  next time , try not to upvote it within 46 seconds of your post ( that 's how long it took until you had a second upvote on the last one , you dishonest sniveling rat ) . 
  by what action or mechanism could the eu do that ? 
  yep , it 's a failure of the uk schooling system and school culture . 
  we have a similar problem in australia .
