  i mean , you even touched on how the constitutional treaty would have made them official , as opposed to the unofficial versions we have now . 
  how do you fail to see what a drastic difference this makes ? 
  neither of these are examples of an eu democratic deficit . 
  as to the referendums , there is a massive difference between the constitutional treaty and the lisbon treaty . 
  the constitutional treaty had all the trappings of a state , such as an official anthem . 
  it was considered a step too far in the direction of supranationalism , and hence was scaled back considerably for the lisbon treaty . 
  referenda are a single vote , on a single issue . 
  the constitutional treaty , and the lisbon treaty , are two different issues . 
  yeah , sure , after russian gas usage dropping from over 40 % a decade ago , to around 25 % now , the eu will become more dependent on russia 's aging , wasteful , corrupt , underinvested , gas business . 
  i agree with the general sentiment , but some of what you said is wrong . 
   they 've just passed laws allowing donations under $ 12000 to be secret this is in one state , it 's hardly across the width and breadth of the country . 
  regardless , there have been massive swings in polling against the current government , and they also had the furthest post-election polling drop in history . 
  people have taken to calling him ` one-term tony ' , and the opposition leader has a nasty habit of looking eminently reasonable and respectable at every turn . 
  once they get into power again , i can see them dismantling ( or would that be remantling ? ), 
  much of the damage the government has done , as they did when industrial relations reform was pushed through about a decade ago by the same party . 
  yep , afa are as bad as the people they claim to fight . 
  the ones about moroccans ? 
  so instead of trying anything , you try nothing ? 
  you have to be a troll , right ? 
  every single one of your posts i 've seen has been almost criminally stupid and downvoted to a high degree . 
  well no , i mean more like a dairy association threatening to remove all political campaign funding from the party in power and giving it to the opposition if they lower dairy tariffs . 
  but multiply that by every sector and lobby group . 
  you 've long been one of its most prominent members . 
  what risk is that ? 
  he 's advocated for shooting child refugees to stop more refugees coming in the past . 
  i 'm surprised he has n't been banned given the shit he says is blatantly contrary to the rules , but this subreddit has been on a continuous slide to the dogs since before i joined . 
  this entire comment section is a bunch of people arguing over something they know little about . 
  isds exists in pretty much every fta and investment treaty in the world , yes , even ones signed by the eu . 
  as to why it 's secret , almost all trade agreements are negotiated in secret , because then entrenched interests ca n't bog down the negotiation and draw lines in the sand which would prevent an agreement that provides a net good from going into effect . 
  this is international negotiation 101 , putnams two level game theory . 
  but as usual , a bunch of people take an emotional stance on an issue without knowing anything about the intricacies, 
  there is some form of isds in pretty much every kind of trade agreement in the world ... 
  more than that , china is a single large buyer wheras each eu country negotiates alone, 
  russia has long been pushing for the asia price for gas - the price that gas is currently sold for on spot markets in asia . 
  it 's considerably higher than what it should cost , and it 's unsurprising that the chinese would reject it . 
  that said , russia has also stated that it intends to sell less gas for more money , so the question is how this will work out for russia , given gazprom alone accounts for 20 % of russian government revenue . 
  good for him . 
  it 's just a bit of cloth . 
  welcome to / r/europe . 
  libel is n't restricted just to corporations . 
  you can published libellous content on your personal blog which is actionable under the law . 
  false advertising ? 
  libel ? 
  importing them ... as if they were slaves ? 
  of the common political adherents to communism in democratic societies , it 's an integral part of communist theory . 
  if you look at fringe groups , certainly , results will be different . 
  but by and large , most communists adhere to that . 
  i 'm not going to link to statistics , because it 's an exercise in playing `` run around trying to prove it '' , but anyone looking at political parties , both national , and student organizations , can see it 's the fact . 
  if your particular delineation is not a part of that , sorry , but i 'm not talking about you in that case . 
  i 'm not talking about ussr style communism . 
  it 's part of mainstream communist theory that there should be a vanguard party of ideologues that lead the people towards true socialism . 
  there 's lip service to democracy in the theory , but it 's pretty implicit that it rolls all over mainstream views to get what it wants . 
  i 'm sorry , but no . 
  communism believes in the vanguard party leading the way to socialism , and is anti democratic to achieve those ends, 
  communists , by definition , are extremist . 
  no it 's not . 
  political parties are routinely banned in western countries for being contrary to liberal democratic values . 
  communist parties are fundamentally undemocratic , and have no place within a democratic system . 
  jesus dude , really ? 
  your entire argument neglects that the uk would no longer be part of the single market . 
  second , the wto is a paper tiger . 
  if , and i 'm stressing if because i do n't think they would , the eu wanted to raise tariffs on british goods they could . 
  large countries routinely do it , because the only punishment mechanism is a lengthy case before the dsm which can take up to a year and a half , and even then countervailing duties are the only things that can be imposed - that is , tariffs to equal the amount of damage being caused by the ones imposed by europe . 
  even there , there are tricks to get around that . 
  any number of objections to goods based on health or safety standards can be used as arguments for blocking aspects of british trade , which would undoubtedly get shut down eventually in the wto , but would stand to hurt their trade in the meantime . 
  further , how would the financial markets devastate european economies ? 
  markets follow the money , and if they think the uk would lose in a trade war with europe ( which it would ) , then they 'll side with europe . 
  british finance is n't some monolithic institution that works in the interests of the uk . 
  it 's a collection of millions of people from across the globe with disparate interests trying to make money . 
  once again though , i 'd like to stress that i do n't think the eu would do this . 
  but the way you framed your arguments was bizarre to say the least . 
  you 're arguing with the person that said that when refugees get to europe , they get given houses , cars , expensive mobile phones , and so on , all for free . 
  i 'd go as far as to say he 's a gifted professional idiot . 
  the pm of the netherlands = the eu ? 
  also , farage is a fucking moron and given how often he does n't tell the truth , or at the very least misrepresents it , i do n't really see the value in listening to it . 
  i was just under the impression the op had a very limited understanding of the eu , it 's functions and powers , and wanted to call them on it . 
  how is that the eu doing that ? 
  i would be very interested in knowing through what processes papandreou was removed by the eu . 
  do you know anything about the belgian congo ? 
  if not , i suggest you read about it . 
  millions of people had one of their hands cut off for not working well enough ( and i literally mean millions ) , to the point that hands became a barter currency there.not everywhere was as bad as that , but to think that europeans did them a ` favour ' by leaving them european-level infrastructure is just fucked up . 
   they 're not simply looking for cash payments . 
  they want a formal apology , forgiveness of some of the debt that was massively accumulated directly after colonialism , and cooperation creating education and health services . 
  seems eminently reasonable . 
  one of my friends has been working for keller , helping her prepare for the debate tonight . 
  he says things are looking pretty good for her , but given that he 's an egp ideologue we 'll have to wait and see . 
  russian gas usage in the eu was over 40 % less than a decade ago . 
  it does n't take long at all to adjust away from russian gas . 
  the parliament and commission came about because following neofunctional spillover effects from prior intergovernmentally developed treaties , the people were concerned that there was this large organization with zero accountability running large aspects of their lives . 
  the parliament in particular , but also the commission , were there to give the people a feeling that they had some say in the eu . 
  funnily enough , people these days complain about the democratic deficit , * and * that it should not be democratic , rather just a single market which would still have an impact on a large part of peoples lives , making it a regressive step and would just bring about problems that existed in the past . 
  perhaps you 're mistaking vengeance with punishment ? 
  if someone killed or seriously injured one of my family members , i too would want vengeance . 
  which is why i 'm happy i do not have any legal authority to do so , and that the state will take care of it to make sure the best outcome for society at large will take place . 
  i would not want to be part of a society where ` justice ' is just a synonym for emotional vengeance . 
  if there is to be justice , i want it to be cold and rational so it does not go to extremes . 
  would it make you feel better to know that in the council of ministers , smaller countries consistently get better outcomes than larger countries in negotiations ? 
  that , combined with the fact that the average irish citizens vote is worth more than the average german 's vote , should show you that the power small countries have is deceptive . 
  the humanitarian permits are , in effect , temporary visas for those that need professional medical care and can not get it elsewhere . 
  these are people that leave afterwards .
