  i was in malmo visiting my ex and staying at her dads place . 
  he had a coworker come over for a bbq , and he started joking with my ex 's father ( in swedish ) about the black people at work , not knowing that i knew pretty good swedish . 
  it 's just an example since you asked for one , i do n't think all or even most are like that . 
  official german policy is to aim for as cordial relations as possible with russia . 
  despite how misguided their view is , they felt that creating more trade linkages would anchor russia into acting like a western state . 
  that has clearly failed , yet they persist in not risking the relationship they 've already created that gets them some of the cheapest gas prices in europe . 
  bizarre that you 're getting downvoted , because it 's true . 
  they do n't want them to join in the current state , just as some stage when they meet the criteria . 
  if a non-eurosceptic mep were signing up for committees to draw the additional pay benefits , but was n't attending or doing work , there 'd be a shitstorm . 
  but because people have gotten used to eurosceptic meps like farage happily treating the place like his own private playpen , they ignore it from him . 
  i also never said that ukip were abusing the democratic process . 
  of course , some seem to be more interested in wasting other peoples time and money than achieving real change . 
  i guess people can abuse the democratic process anywhere for their own gain , ca n't they ? 
  this is clearly going nowhere . 
  despite getting , according to farage , 75 % of your laws from brussels and you having no vote over them , you think that makes the uk more sovereign than joining their sovereignty with other countries to get better outcomes ? 
  regardless , it 's not about who 's right , it 's about how it 's impossible to get an objective opinion on the subject . 
  everyone comes into it with a different view based on what their priorities are . 
  that 's why it 's a nebulous concept , so i think your criticism was unfair . 
  i 'm not talking about a vote to waste nhs funds . 
  i mean me going in personally and booking appointment after appointment in as many places as i can . 
  if i were a citizen of the uk , i would be entitled to that after all , no ? 
  it 's my taxpayer money , right ? 
  regardless , the people did n't vote for farage to waste eu money , they vote for farage because they want out of the eu . 
  how you continue to maintain that it is morally defensible for farage and other meps to sign up to committees and collect a paycheck from them , despite never showing up , is beyond me . 
  i think you need to have a very hard rethink about your position . 
  sovereignty * is * a nebulous concept . 
  is the uk more sovereign pooling it 's resources in the eu and protecting itself against globalizing forces ? 
  or is it more sovereign outside the eu , but operating under the fax diplomacy of norway , however it regains a number of other sovereign areas and is free to make its own ftas ? 
  it 's not a simple concept . 
  it absolutely is a nebulous one . 
  given you have no problem with farage doing that , you 'd also have no problem with me spending every waking minute wasting nhs time and resources because i 'm entitled to . 
  the nhs funds belong to me just as much as they do to you . 
  and this is the point , just because we * can * waste the resources and time does n't mean that we should . 
  as i said earlier , you 're free to hide behind ` democratic prerogative ' all you want but it 's still morally wrong to impose waste in terms of money and time on the rest of the people that also have claim on that money - the rest of the citizens of the eu . 
  the issue was with the diseases the fruit fly would bring over to europe , not just the fruit fly itself . 
   i do n't think it makes sense to equate access to a public service , with a civic right to vote and be represented . 
  i did n't equate that . 
  i equated it with the misuse of funds . 
  you said you had no problem with your meps signing up for committees and drawing pay from them , whilst not attending . 
  farage was a member of the fisheries committee and had n't attended a single meeting for two years , despite drawing pay for being a part of it . 
  in fact , your argumentation was that eusceptics had just as much right to those spots as anyone else , despite them not needing them nor wanting to participate in them , yet drawing bonus pay for being a part of it . 
  that 's pretty near enough equivalent to me using nhs services all day , every day , despite there being other patients that would get better use out of the nhs , just because i wanted to say fuck you to the government over the nhs . 
  if i were a british citizen , i 'd have the right to visit the nhs every day for as long as i wanted and waste everyones time and money . 
  does n't mean i should do it . 
  hence why i think it 's immoral to actively waste resources . 
  but of course , they do n't just do that . 
  they also do things like voting against a crackdown on the illegal ivory trade where they were 6 of the 14 voices against , out of 671 . 
  i would say that on it 's own is a pretty condemnable act . 
  you can hide behind the notion ` democratic prerogative ' all you want , but it does n't make the actions any less wrong . 
  yep , in poland it seems to be more of a cultural rather than spiritual thing as well . 
  pretty much none of my friends ( all in late 20s , early 30s ) identify as catholic , but do n't go to church unless forced to by their grandparents . 
  that 's all in the past . 
   our media is largely right-wing and sensationalist , but the american political system is much more right-wing than the uk . 
  consequently our political parties are also much more liberal than america , or even canada . 
  i 'm sorry , i 've got ta disagree there . 
  aside from our current jaunt with abbott ( who even ` the economist ' said was too far to the right ) , the uk and the us have always been considerably to the right of us , and i 'd say on a broadly similar level . 
  the us may be * more so * , but the uk and the us are n't that dissimilar with the political spectrum . 
  the us is just bigger , so crazy views more readily get airtime . 
  as someone from a country where the introduction of european animals and insects has destroyed parts of the ecosystem , i 've got ta applaud the ec for being cautious - provided that the measures are commensurate with the threat . 
  people really need to stop using the word shill . 
  in australia it 's usually used to denote the anglophone world . 
  yeah , i addressed that further down the comment chain, 
   it is not europe wide . 
  close enough . 
  i did n't feel there 'd be a need to list every country they want it in , and that it 'd be understood what i meant . 
  yeah , but as has been explained to you there 's a big difference between having such a tax in sweden , and having it be europe-wide . 
  that 's very unlikely to be the case . 
  i do n't have the swedish , and i 'm not going to run around and look for them for you . 
  i was just disagreeing with that one point of yours about how polling is done . 
  it 's not as if they get 40,000 germans , and only 2000 swedes . 
  most of them only have around 1000 respondents per country , because that 's all you need to get a representative sample . 
   if swedes , the uk and denmark are opposed it , even to 90 % while the germans and french and spanish wants it , it is still going to show as positive , since they are more people . 
  that 's now how polling works , mate . 
  seriously , if you looked at the methodology you 'd understand this . 
  they did ask per country , and added all those results together to get a glimpse at what the average eu opinion is . 
  read through the methodology , it 's all right there plain to see . 
  we had a good discussion about this on / r/europe a few weeks ago [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/231lfj/european_union_vows_to_get_tough_on_high/ ) . 
  simply put , it 's not as dangerous as most people seem to think , and especially not with good regulation . 
   so they have no idea how a country who has actually had the tax feel about it . 
  well , i dunno . 
  maybe they have read the polls specifically from sweden ( in fact , they have , i just do n't know where they 're published ) . 
  regardless , these kind of taxes need to work on a large scale so an eu-wide one should have much more efficacy than one just in sweden . 
   i 'd like to see the poll that proves that it is popular with the swedish public [ page 13 ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/eb/eb74/eb74_en.pdf ) . 
  it was n't a country by country survey , but rather an eu-wide one . 
  26,000 respondents . 
  i do n't know , i have n't looked through the details of the canada fta . 
  but it 's pretty clear throughout the literature that on the whole larger parties get better outcomes than smaller ones . 
   and a much larger market and economy when compared to the us , too actually , they 're about the same size . 
  got any numbers or stats on that ? 
  this is something often claimed , but never substantiated . 
  that had to happen anyway . 
  the uk was n't only overfishing their own waters at one stage , they were also overfishing icelandic for example . 
  you can blame the cfp , but it 's something that would 've had to have happened anyway . 
  if you look at the numbers , the number of fishing vessels have been dropping over-all ( i saw the numbers on reddit a few days ago , they all dropped a broadly similar percent ) . 
  you ca n't blame the eu for doing what had to be done . 
   you have n't explained why it fucks it up for others . 
  wasting eu funds , wasting eu time ( and spots ) on committees they do n't attend . 
  you said ;  i do n't want my representative to show up to a committee , she should n't do that why not just * not * sign up to be part of the committee in the first place then , instead of guaranteeing worse outcomes for the rest of the eu and wasting eu funds ? 
  i know you ca n't get the outcome you want through your national political system . 
  so fix that , instead of imposing waste and inefficiency on the rest of the eu to send your message to your national politicians .
