   ( but most of the process is still completly in secret and the general public has no acess to it ) this is the case with literally all free trade and investment treaties . 
  this is n't some conspiracy , it 's just been determined that 's the best way to do it . 
  then you also think that all cabinet meetings should be done in public , politicians emails should be able to be accessed , etc ? 
   the fifth point is just economic protectionism -- fear that jobs will be lost to the us . 
  this ignores the concept of gains from trade , where european businesses by the same token `` steal jobs '' from the us and both benefit from cheaper goods and more specialized economies . 
  part of the point of making a free trade agreement is helping the economy to shift resources into better and newer industries , after all . 
  this is the most immediately disputable point that i 've found . 
  the cepr , one of the most respected international think tanks in the world , has found that the net effect of the ttip will be that between .2 % and .5 % of the eu workforce will find * better * jobs than they had before ( moving from simple work like steel manufacturing , to auto manufacturing for example ) and not that jobs will be lost . 
  you think that 's where ? 
  in their first paragraph they complain about parallel justice systems , ignoring that all eu countries are part of the ehcr , icj , and the wto dsm , let alone others and the world has n't ended . 
  man , you ran into the safest place you knew and still your ex tried to crash a commercial airliner into you . 
  i do n't know what happened , but i assume you did something bad . 
  they are accountable . 
  if an eu country gets screwed by either of the two arbitrators they pick , those are n't going to get picked again , so there 's an incentive for at least the one picked by both to be completely neutral or they 'll basically be locked out of the process . 
  my ex was a nuclear engineer who now works for areva . 
  i 'm not sure if she was joking but i do n't think she was - she basically said they 're built to withstand a direct hit from a 747 and more . 
  why is it not a great idea ? 
  your english is fantastic , as is your post . 
  thanks for sharing your expertise with us !, 
  as a warnings , i 'd avoid arguing any more with the guy . 
  he 's a known nutter who does n't read what you write , just posts more and more articles , each one less relevant and more wrong than the last . 
  it would also mean the end of individual take-or-pay contracts , combined with no re-sale clauses , meaning the eu could order less gas than normal . 
  gas is typically used as a peaker plant for electricity generation , or in district heating/industrial uses . 
  it 's not like trading one source of electricity for another , there are many other factors . 
  i was making a joke about three mile island , fukushima , and chernobyl . 
  if you look at my comments , i 'm not exactly anti-nuclear . 
  we do use renewables on top . 
  i completely agree with you . 
  but i also think it 's prudent to have some nuclear in the mix , given it 's emissions free . 
  have a few coal plants for cheap power , so that consumers are n't struck by high electricity prices , as much renewables as you can safely and economically tack on , and then some nuclear on the side to provide emissions free power . 
  you do n't have to blanket the landscape with nuclear power plants , but i prefer it to opening up a new coal plant that would also operate for 60 years . 
  except when it does n't . 
  is joke , but also true . 
  strange , according to [ this ] ( http://bellona.org/news/nuclear-issues/2014-10-sweden-edging-nuclear-power-incoming-government ) site , they 've agreed to a coalition agreement to phase out nuclear power ( quick google , first link found , unsure of it 's trustworthiness ) . 
  once more , linking to long articles instead of quoting the relevant bits or providing page references . 
  instead , you expect us to waste hours of our time reading through entire documents to see if you actually made a decent case ( and based off of your past posting , i 'm unwilling to waste my time doing so in what would be a pointless exercise ) . 
  i imagine a more practical solution is that the eu would still purchase the gas from russia , but transport/store it and purchase it on a european level and charge the member states for what they use to keep it revenue neutral . 
  i suppose if you have such little faith in international institutions , there 's little i can do to convince you and i doubt we 'd end up agreeing , but just as you find fault with international institutions , so too do investors have trouble trusting national court systems . 
  that said , and just in case you were n't aware , they have no power to compel countries to enact/repeal laws - they can only claim financial compensation , or if the parties choose to settle instead the government may choose to repeal the law for there to be a smaller payment . 
  regardless , i guess we 'll just have to agree to disagree . 
  well , the green/social democrat coalition is the main coalition in government . 
  you 're right that they would need more help in shutting down nuclear , but it 's still a troubling sign to nuclear energy in europe that this is what both parties are pushing for , given that sweden has traditionally been one of it 's greatest advocates ( at least , at the state level ) . 
  storage is extremely far away from any kind of practical and economic large scale use , grid upgrades would certainly help , and would allow for greater penetration of renewable energies ( something i think we 'd both agree is a good thing ) but do n't change the fundamental problems with intermittent energy sources . 
  nuclear , however , is a safe bet with baseload capacity , providing an extremely regular and consistent supply over long periods of time . 
  if that 's what energy policy makers in the uk are worried about for the foreseeable future , then nuclear is a solid decision . 
  edit : ipad typing, 
  cases before the isdic have an arbitrator chosen by each of the parties , and a third arbitrator chosen with the agreement of each party , so it can hardly be called us dominated . 
  i do n't use any sock puppets . 
  i do n't have a radical neoliberal agenda - hell , i 've argued for subsidizing essential services , i do n't believe in privatizing health or education systems , and i have long been a strong proponent of the cap . 
  most of your posts are barely coherent and strung together with tangentially related sources of arguments . 
  for example i do n't know why you feel the need to always bring up this obamacare thing , but it appears in at least 20 % of your posts on the ttip as if it 's proof positive that ttip is evil . 
  when challenged , you respond by providing links to 60 page pdfs without giving any context or telling us what we should be looking for , not even providing a page reference . 
  you do n't understand the concepts that you persist in acting as if you 're an authority on , the sources that you use tend to be from conspiracy theory websites , or from groups heavily biased to your view , and you have a tendency to edit your posts even hours after other people reply to them , completely changing what you wrote . 
  you 're a nut , in the sense of most probably being mentally unstable , and you accusing me of using sock-puppets ( as if enough of my posts do n't get downvoted below zero regardless ) just displays your paranoia . 
  you do realise that downvoting me does n't make me wrong , or more wrong , right ? 
  the only site source you ever use for this claim is [ resilient societies ] ( http://www.resilientsocieties.org/ ) . 
  stop drinking the cool-aid perhaps ? 
  that 's really not the case , and anyone that thinks so has probably been reading too many fringe economics/finance blogs . 
  does germany benefit from the euro ? 
  sure . 
  does it ` epitomize german mercantlisim ' ? 
  germany is far from mercantlist , being one of the largest proponents of free trade within the eu . 
   yep , suing a sovereign country due to their own radiophobia . 
  you go , austria !, 
  i was mostly referring to that . 
  well , if you really insist on having this argument , then the fact that renewables ( besides hydro ) are n't really baseload power generation , whilst nuclear is , so if a country is facing a shortfall in baseload then there might be some use for nuclear ? 
  i guess the difference would be that one is illegal and the other one is n't ? 
  i do n't have the details on the case , and after reading some of your comments here i 'm not sure that you do either . 
  presumably , that aid did n't violate any eu treaties , whereas this one does . 
  it 'd be really great if people could stick to the issue of of the subsidies , instead of turning it into another `` nuclear power bad '' , `` no , nuclear power good '' argument that 's been played out to death a hundred times in this subreddit . 
  edit : grammar for clarity, 
  whilst it 's a great idea , i do n't see it happening . 
  some members are clearly in russia 's pocket ( austria , hungary ) , some just benefit too much ( germany ) . 
  from the article :  but the project has been highly criticised due to the government guaranteeing edf a price per energy unit of more than twice the current wholesale cost in compensation for building the plant . 
   brussels stepped in saying it was against state aid rules and has insisted on some changes . 
   however the project is still being resisted by some eu members and austria is to challenge it in court . 
  it seems they 've approved the funding for the construction of the powerplant , but not for the subsidy . 
  i 'm not american , nor am i a shill , and in effect you 're agreeing with what i myself have written in this submission , but whatever . 
  it 's amusing you think i 'm an american shill , given i 've written [ comments in the past about the rotten state of us subsidization of boeing ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1ztbsz/the_french_train_company_sncf_has_been_told_it/cfwsy7z ) and how the us ( justly ) lose cases on steel tariffs . 
  there 's no conspiracy here , i just disagree with a lot of your positions . 
  edit : jesus , just looked at your posting history . 
  almost every comment you make , you 're pissed off about america or americans in some way . 
  maybe you need a few days to relax or something . 
  it was n't a question of whether the british wanted to leave , it was a question of whether the rest of europe wanted the uk out of the eu . 
   the european ombudsman , emily o'reilly , has called on the council of the european union to publish the eu negotiating directives for the on-going transatlantic trade and investment partnership ( ttip ) negotiations with the us . 
  in fairness , they 've since done this . 
  it was actually a matter of whether the uks price guarantee was illegal under the treaties governing the eu , but whatever . 
  have i walked into some bizarre alternate dimension where everything is opposite ? 
  when even the polish foreign minister calls on germany to show more leadership , you know they 're not doing enough . 
  i 'm not happy with it , but i think it 's understandable . 
  nuclear operators are terrified of the same kind of public opposition that led to germany 's accelerated shutdown , and what recently happened in sweden . 
  as with bank loans , higher risk means higher interest , and that 's the kind of spirit in which this agreement could probably be seen . 
  i 'm not exactly well read up on the matter , mind you , these are just some initial impressions . 
  yeah , it 's generally just a few of the nutters that want the uk out , i 'm pretty sure most prefer them inside . 
  they came to prevent a circlejerk . 
  they stayed to create a new one . 
   the ** purpose ** of the ttip is to bring european standards down to the level of us ones this is not a display of weasel words , this is you probably reading too fast to notice the key word . 
  as to the latter part , the only objection of any note that he has is that it 's not done under national court systems - which is the whole point of isds , because national courts and governments are expected to be biased against foreign ones . 
  can you picture the hungarian court system going against orban 's wishes ? 
  i have n't used any weasel words there .
