  the eu is n't set up as a federation , so it would be ridiculous to hold it to the standards of one, 
  how does the lisbon treaty speak for itself ? 
  through what mechanism do you see the eu progressing to a federation without the unanimous agreement of the member states ? 
  you must have some idea of how this would happen , to make such a bold statement that runs contrary to the very fundamentals of how the eu is structured . 
  as for experience with the eu - i 've been living in the eu for about 5 years , in three countries ( including sweden ) . 
  rather than telling you what benefits i 've seen , can you tell me where you think the eu is ruining your country ? 
  i think we 'd be much faster able to get to the bottom of this , than with me saying ` these are the benefits ' and you disagreeing . 
  they ca n't approach them with exclusive agreements , it simply is incompatible with a customs union . 
  as for the other scenario , that would only work in the case of a treaty change . 
  honestly , i have no idea . 
  my estonian is limited to the fucked up phrases my friends teach me and a few words picked up by osmosis . 
  ah , come now , the mods do n't ban people who support ukip , nor remove their posts . 
  estonian language . 
  source : not estonian . 
  i hear there 's a lobby group called ukeip ( uk eurovision independence party ) . 
  they 're full of quacks though , 
  yes you are !, 
  yep , you 're not wrong there . 
  who is we ? 
  you have no flair !, 
   and * ozzies * i resent that !, 
  we 're called aussies , damnit , and we 're proud of our ability to accurately analyze every country 's problems without having any experience or knowledge about them !, 
  well , that 's specifically why my first comment said * in eastern eu countries * , and why i said * southern italy * was comparable , not italy as a whole . 
  but regardless , going down this route , why not just say no one can complain unless they 're the drc ? 
  cheers for that , very informative . 
  ca n't disagree with you there . 
  if you look at a regional gdp per capita map , adjusted for purchasing power , [ southern italy fits better with eastern europe than with western ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/index.php/gdp_at_regional_level ), 
  to be fair , if he was from the south it would be a close approximation to conditions in eastern eu countries . 
  no problem . 
  by the way , there 's no need to censor shit !, 
  it 's blogspam by a conspiracy theorist who hates banks , considered the american government a dictatorship , and so on . 
  you 're a madman . 
  i guess the difference being that blair and clegg , should they be elected , actually had the power to go through with those processes . 
  the ep ca n't . 
  did you remove your own natural upvote ? 
  i think that 's the best description of the country i 've come across yet . 
  i fear you 're being extremely optimistic in your second paragraph . 
   i feel as though martin schulz and the rest make similar mistakes . 
  they say they want reform but they do n't inspire people the way farage inspires people . 
  it 's easy to rail against something that most people do n't understand and attribute insidious motives to it . 
  it 's a lot harder to make a compelling case on a simple level for what kind of reform should be done , and why . 
  let 's be honest , eu institutions and reform are n't sexy , and even if you put lingerie on an pig it will remain a pig . 
  i do n't really know how you could inspire people , most of the big stuff has been done ( freedom of movement , capital , etc ) . 
  ` like we have now , but a little bit better !, 
  you are , quite literally , bonkers . 
  i 'm going to very much enjoy linking to this thread whenever you accuse me of dishonesty or somesuch again . 
  first , that 's not derailing . 
  that was exactly on topic . 
  second , i told you , quote what you want me to respond to and i 'll do it . 
  i do n't want to waste my time , and yours , responding to shit that you were n't even after a response for . 
  third , i did n't complain about downvotes , i was genuinely curious how many times you 'd downvoted me . 
  finally , i 'd really appreciate it if you responded to the rest of my post . 
  really ? 
  that 's it ? 
  you 're not going to address anything else in my post ? 
   the eu struck back against russian meddling on december 4 , warning it 's ready to block gazprom 's south stream gas pipeline . 
  well , that 's one interpretation . 
  the other interpretation is that the [ agreement breaks eu law ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/energy/commission-south-stream-agreemen-news-532120 ) . 
  why is it illegal ? 
   [ eu law does not allow energy suppliers to own the pipelines they use for shipment , but russia 's gas export monopoly still has forged ahead with its multi-billion-euro south stream pipeline into southeastern europe , avoiding ukraine . 
  ] ( http://in.reuters.com/article/2013/12/04/eu-gazprom-idinl5n0ix4an20131204 ), 
  you seem to have no natural affinity for the english language , you mangle the thing more than a sociopath toddler playing with a dead cat . 
  first , let 's discuss how we use language . 
  you make declarative statement attributed to me , whilst i offer my interpreted summations of your argument from my point  * this is you saying * that the german automotive industry and lobbyists do n't have a say/influence in german politics : nowhere did i say that . 
  now lets look at what i said  you * seem * to be of the opinion that political power is static . 
  that the german car lobby is always too powerful for confrontation . 
  i know that neither of these are true , and that even now the chancellor could go against car manufacturers interests if she thought there was more to gain . 
  you see the clear difference ? 
  you attribute a statement to me knowing the damn thing is false , whilst i clearly state that something seems to be a close approximation to your argument , as i 've interpreted it , but leaves you free to correct my interpretation . 
  once you corrected it , i made no more issue of it in the thread because there was no need , my interpretation was in error . 
  * you outright lie * about what i said , and then bring up you lying about my statement in multiple threads in the meantime . 
  what did i base my statement on ? 
  well , you said this :  so no , they 're not going to settle for a chancellor that wants to effectively put their prices up by 20 % . 
  i did n't just pull it out of my arse . 
  a statement like that makes it seem like they have full influence over the german political process . 
  knowing that you did n't mean that in the end , i made no further issue of it . 
  but as i said at the beginning , you seem to have no natural affinity for the english language , else you would n't make such a strong declaration about how the german car manufacturers will and will not stand for . 
  now on to the rest  so where is this extra influence germans get from raising tariffs tariffs on the uk i did n't claim they * did * have this influence , i was claiming that if the car manufacturers and the german political establishment had different views , then the political establishment would be happy to discount those views if they thought they had more to gain . 
  this was all presupposed on my interpretation of your argument . 
  again , once you corrected my interpretation , i made no further issue . 
   so you deliberately push the case for a need for political union on the basis of trade knowing that one is n't needed for the other . 
  you 're admitting it . 
  no where did i do any such thing ( either thing ) . 
  feel free to quote me where i have . 
   we started this nest with me giving a specific comment of yours and my breakdown of it , and how you were lying . 
  which you did n't address . 
  now you want to say you ` love using them ' ?!? 
  you ignored it to call me xenophobic . 
  lol !, 
  why address an allegation of lying huh , geoffery , when it 's only wasting the opportunity to lie again . 
  it 's verging on the pathological . 
  i think you 're quite literally mad . 
  but ok , let 's continue with this insanity party . 
   which you did n't address . 
  which part did n't i address ? 
  it 's hard to slog through your blather to find out what the hell it is you 're after . 
  pah , it 's just around 2.2 million . 
  i 'm sorry , are the tories not currently in power with the libdems ? 
  honour ? 
  really ?
