  being refugees , they 're already in the category - most at need . 
  the refugee convention says you should accept all that come , not that you should be obliged to pay for them to come to you . 
  the reason we see so many people coming by more dangerous paths ( and hence makes who are more likely to survive ) is because of how european governments made the refugee convention work with airlines - namely that if an airline bring in an asylum seeker who 's by a refugee , they have to pay for their flight back . 
  if we got rid of this rule we would see the most vulnerable being able to make it to europe first . 
  no one is expecting the west to take in every possible refugee . 
  but the ones that arrive to us are a manageable number . 
  killing people is bad ? 
  yours is one of the stupidest arguments i 've come across in a long time . 
  being poor is n't enough to be classified as a refugee . 
  your people are humans , not some skin pigment . 
  how terrible !, 
  the european master race will be out bred !, 
  it 's not na\u00efvet\u00e9 . 
  there are a lot of asylum seekers , but many fewer refugees . 
  deport the people seemed not refugees and it 's less of a problem . 
  the issue is n't going to come up , so i 'm not going to answer . 
  but i think governments should work much harder to deport those that are n't deemed refugees . 
  no one is being replaced . 
  the only thing that 's being replaced is regular european news on / r/europe in favor of almost nothing but immigration . 
  i 've never supported open borders . 
  people can have whatever immigration policy they want , as long as they respect the refugee convention . 
  welcome to post and pre mega thread / r/europe . 
  charming , hearing such things from a racist like yourself . 
  i 'm only surprised the c did n't stand for cuckold , since you guys are obsessed with the concept for some reason . 
  tech dirt has always had click bait as fuck titles . 
  yep , i 'm considering unsubscribing in the near future . 
  not enough signal to noise here anymore . 
  i did n't say europe is n't allowed to discuss the topic . 
  the problem is that the discussion on reddit is shallow and filled with idiocy , racism and bigotry , and is spammed and brigaded crowding out other european news . 
  i 'd love to discuss immigration reform , i 'm just tired of anything i write being jumped on by ten bigots and racists with trite replies and baseless allegations . 
  in one thread , someone was suggesting handing out smallpox blankets to refugees . 
  another was saying we should get rid of the concept of refugee entirely . 
  these were both upvoted of course , while i was down voted . 
  discussing immigration is fine . 
  but the people of / r/europe are clearly not intelligent or mature enough to do it in a constructive manner . 
  how is it hypocritical of me ? 
  do i have to agree with everything my government does ? 
  are you kidding ? 
  this was typical before the mega thread as well . 
  i 'm hypocritical , because my country created a popular show about customs agents - those that find illegal animals , drugs , etc ? 
  note that illegal immigrants/refugees are not on that list . 
  ah , so you 're saying you want to reenact an attempted genocide ? 
  no , u. 
  you suggested getting rid of a mechanism because it can be abused . 
  there are lots of frivolous court cases as well , should we do away with the rule of law ? 
  the due process is presumably claims to asylum . 
  it was n't a big hit . 
  also , how am i a bigot ? 
  is it that different though ? 
  thousands of desperate people , local authorities overwhelmed , etc. 
  when there 's a lot of news about a topic , a megathread is generally created . 
  i want to read european news , not european immigration news . 
  why is it time to drop the term refugee ? 
  four separate articles on the front page about refugee/illegal immigration numbers . 
  perhaps it 's time for a megathread ? 
  no , it 's the accurate term for someone that has n't been processed or requested asylum yet . 
  if they 've enter a country seeking to go somewhere else , they 're not illegal immigrants are they ? 
  after all , they 're not immigrating to that country . 
  they 're irregular entrants by virtue of the fact that they did n't enter via official channels . 
  one day of the mega thread being gone , and already four topics on the front page about ' x country set to get x refugees this year ', 
  i get down voted for pointing out that , under the unclos , coastal states are required to have effective maritime search and rescue operations ffs . 
  people do n't just down vote because you call them racist . 
  they down vote because they hate immigrants , and you 've said something in their defense . 
  from my understanding , these people are n't asylum seekers yet as they have n't requested asylum . 
  they 're just irregular entrants . 
  tesco is all over the eu , there are three near where i live ... 
  the overwhelming majority of the uks trade with reu is in services , not in goods , so your point is misleading . 
  you understand that being in a single market and having an fta are wildly different beasts ? 
  and no one is saying ` they wo n't be able to trade with the eu at all !!, 
  ' , so you can stop ceaselessly repeating that old canard as well . 
  it 's clearly implied it 's meant in the same vein as treaties like the eea . 
  fortunately , ttip proposals include ` loser pays ' provisions , which should drastically reduce , if not outright stop , frivolous cases - as well as a raft of other measures that additionally have the same aim . 
  breitbart is an awful source that deserves to be banned . 
  not because of racism or something , but rather because of the obvious spin and the ( lack of ) good sources . 
  yes , i 'm a shill . 
  congratulations , you caught me . 
  this was immediately apparent to anyone that has studied the topic . 
  economically , russia gains terribly little and putin is n't going to be able to bully the chinese with gas the way he does europe . 
  i have n't found that to be the case . 
  that 's part of representative democracy . 
  `` representative democracy '' . 
  i know the study you 're referring to , they never said the us was an oligarchy . 
  here 's what they said about the study in an interview . 
   i 'm sure you 've noticed , this notion of america being an oligarchy seems to be a dominant meme in the discussion of our work . 
  it 's not a term that we used in the paper . 
  it 's just a dramatic sort of overstatement of our findings . 
  so it 's been interesting for me . 
  typically my work is read by a few dozen political scientists and i do n't get this kind of response . 
  sure . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://i.imgur.com/jls5bnx.png ) a timeline from the congressional research service for the us . 
  there 's a maximum of 90 days once it 's introduce to congress , but it will be made public long before that . 
  at minimum , it will be public for some 200 days . 
  for the eu , it will be public for some 1.5 years ( ceta has been public since august last year , but they 're not voting for it until next year ) . 
  if it 's bad , tell your representatives to reject the deal . 
  this is just the pragmatic reality of making deals with other sovereign entities . 
  you elect your representatives to steer this kind of deal . 
  none . 
  but international deals ca n't happen if every parliament can amend it at will . 
  an axe left outside the door of a judge , paint thrown on their house , and slogans spray painted along the walls ? 
  how is that not intimidation and absolutely contrary to civil society ?
