   even if you succeed , do you think russian will forget any of that ? 
  what our relations would look like 5-10 years on from now ? 
  this is the fault of putin , and the people that support him such as yourself . 
  if relations are poor , it is because of the actions of russia . 
  i was n't whining here , i was criticizing fn and their actions . 
  do you not know what the word whining means ? 
  how 's that ? 
  what ? 
  you did n't even read the article did you . 
  they 're not suggesting shutting off the gas . 
  they 're saying that the gas is more important to russia than to europe . 
  and that 's absolutely true . 
  ~ [ 66 % ] ( http://www.eea.europa.eu/data-and-maps/figures/final-energy-consumption-by-sector-6/ener16_fig01abcde_2012.eps/image_original ) of gas used in the eu is done in households and the service sector , whereas gazprom alone represents 20 % + of russian government revenue , the overwhelming majority of that to europe . 
  so yes , as i said , putin needs gas income more than the eu needs gas . 
  he 's not going to cut off supplies if europe escalates the conflict to harsher sanctions or other measures . 
  i do n't suppose you reading through my post [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2ewgn3/lets_have_a_discussion_about_the_ttip/ ) would persuade you that you do n't want to have such transparency in negotiations ? 
  thanks !, 
  i should also add , krakow is a student city with some 20 % of the population being students , iirc , so it 's not hard to have a great time and meet people . 
  krakow , in poland , is a [ beautiful city ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a5/krakow_rynek_01.jpg ) . 
  seeing as you 're young guys , here 's what 's most pertinent : it 's got a great night life , it 's cheap , the people are super friendly , and there 's always something going on . 
  anything you can recommend about malta in return ? 
  what a mature solution . 
  differences like that england typically votes right and scotland typically votes left ? 
  that then scots typically want to stay in the eu and the english typically want out ? 
  eh , i got tired of having to explain my view on the ttip all the time so you can read it [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2ewgn3/lets_have_a_discussion_about_the_ttip/ ) . 
  suffice it to say , it 's more complicated than that . 
  i like your little quirk of posting it in both languages , please do n't stop . 
  putin is n't going to be swayed by a social media campaign . 
  absolutely . 
  putin needs gas income more than the eu needs gas . 
  and good . 
  le pen and fn are populist morons that do n't know what the fuck they 're ever talking about . 
  yes , those are the causes and not because some people were greedy and treated workers like slaves , shooting them when they basically had no more need of them ... 
  with that in mind , can we do greece next ? 
  i 'm planning a trip . 
  the ` what places should you visit in ' link does n't work . 
  could n't have put it better myself . 
  you do n't have anything interesting to say , just the same poorly thought out garbage all racists have . 
  charming how the racists all come out late at night to post their anti-immigrant stuff . 
  the submitter of this article is a lovely / r/european and / r/whiterights poster , who seems to only post on reddit about how evil muslims and immigrants are . 
  have you contributed anything of substance in like ... ever ? 
  yeah , it was a joke ... and / u/espuhnole explained how what you wrote is n't the case . 
  the accusations of ` shilling ' on reddit are getting really fucking tiring . 
  i 've been accused of being a russian shill and an american shill a number of times in the past month , and being called a russian shill only happened because i said russian action in georgia was n't completely unjustified . 
  it 's mostly media . 
  i think an anti-eu culture just spread through the media and just reinforced itself when they saw readers liked it . 
  plus the uk has always seen itself as a little bit apart . 
   there are far more poles/romanians/etc . 
  in the uk than the other way around for example you 've never been in krakow for tourist season , in that case . 
  i 'd say people are about 65 % for the eu , 35 % against . 
  most of those against being either hard nationalists , libertarians , or british . 
  they can live there under the same rules as citizens , meaning , they can take welfare ( although most countries have welfare rules that say if you have n't paid into the system for a few years you ca n't claim benefits ) and enjoy the health and education systems under the same rules as locals . 
  after that three months however , if they do n't have employment or ca n't provide for themselves they have to leave . 
  most of the anti-eu stuff you hear is absolute garbage , the eu even publishes a blog about the hundreds of misleading and outright lying articles that the british press does on the eu . 
  yep , i also disagree . 
  i know a number of german and british nationals that work in poland , earning around double the average national wage and living like royalty as a result . 
  living in nice apartments , being able to eat out all the time , and having the money to go for drinks whenever they want . 
  this is for entry level positions as well . 
  not only can you live there , but as an eu citizen you can study for free as well . 
  if they have no power then they ca n't be oligarchs . 
  stands to reason . 
  are n't there sanctions on arms exports ? 
  it 's not about challenging putin , but rather constantly expressing doubt about the current course of actions and how they 're being affected . 
  putin does n't have perfect knowledge , he does n't know if there are people whispering in corners , who and what about . 
  if he thinks there 's a chance something might take him out of power because he 's ignored too many of the wrong people , he 'll be forced to back down or else go on another ` oligarch culling streak ' , destabilising the country further . 
  no problem , better to ask than not . 
  it does n't have to be the insurrection itself , just the fear of it . 
  oligarchs pushing for him to back down , corrupt generals losing access to the money they 've squandered away , the public being increasingly inconvenienced . 
  most regimes do n't topple from violence , but rather from losing the support of the most important people in power . 
  maybe you could list some common ukrainian products that might be found in eu stores ? 
  brands people might not know are ukrainian , and so on ? 
  buy ukrainian products . 
  no , it 's way too early to have an effect , and the sanctions barely touch on manufacturing . 
  i 've lived in europe the last five years . 
  i 'm not much of a car guy , so i guess if it does n't have a distinguishing shape i 'd be unlikely to notice it regardless . 
  a fatwa is just a position as interpreted by islamic law . 
  not an exact analogy , but think of it as a supreme court justice giving a verdict on a constitutional case . 
  i hope any offspring you may spawn will marry muslims and forever mix your genetic line with that of the followers of mohammed . 
  i did n't call you a racist , i called you a xenophobic bigot . 
  and you are , because you 're attributing the actions of a tiny tiny minority to literally millions of people . 
  i 'm neither of those things , i just do n't think that all muslims are child rapists or misogynists . 
  yeah , and white guys are responsible for most of the so-called ` grey rape ' scenarios . 
  you completely ignore the literally * millions * of muslims that do n't do that kind of stuff . 
  because you 're a xenophobic bigot . 
  when a born and bred white british guy violently rapes a girl , that guys a criminal . 
  when a pakistani muslim violently rapes a girl , muslims are evil . 
  except you know nothing about any of the shit that you 're writing about , you 're going off of half remembered news stories , and there are posts of yours where you 're supportive of the edl . 
  because your points are so batshit crazy as to not even be worth considering arguing against . 
  i mean , you 're an edl supporter , you 're hardly in the mainstream . 
   which just reinforces my opinion that you 're far from an intellectual colossus . 
  confirmed . 
  it works fine in melbourne . 
  it works fine across most of canada and the us . 
  it works fine in new zealand . 
  it works fine across most of france . 
  it works fine across most of germany . 
  you 're just a xenophobic bigot . 
  and apparently an edl supporter , which just reinforces my opinion that you 're far from an intellectual colossus . 
  i have never heard of seat in my life !, 
  what a load of crap !,
