  a complete mischaracterization of any arguments i 've made , but whatever . 
  keep hiding ya coward !, 
  sure , they 're free to . 
  but for the sake of saving everyone some time , why do n't you list them , and perhaps also mention who you actually are ? 
  lol , what ? 
  care to clarify your statement , perhaps with your real account instead of hiding behind an alt ? 
  or are you someone that 's already been banned from / r/europe ? 
  ukip and the tea party are n't out and out racists , but the negative aspects of their policies by far disproportionately affect non-whites . 
  i was actually meaning to reply to someone else . 
  your statements do n't really reconcile with how differently indonesians or turkish muslims are socialized , compared to arabic/african ones , or how persian muslims operated before the fall of the shah . 
  edit : this was meant to be to someone else . 
  i 'm sorry , but you 're mistaken about religion being an influence . 
  you did mention turkey , but another muslim country that does n't have the same horrible history of abusing women is indonesia - the most populous muslim state in the world . 
  from that , i think it 's fair to conclude that the problem is n't religion , but culture . 
  regardless , democracy does n't just mean ` voting for your representatives ' . 
  there is a lot more to it than that . 
  take the european commission . 
  the head of the european commission is the ec president , who is chosen by the european council ( the heads of government of each member state ) and who has to be ratified by the european parliament ( ep ) . 
  as you can see , to get the ` top job ' you have to be accepted by people you chose to represent you in the ep , and by the people you elected to run your country . 
  then there 's the european commission . 
  they 're suggested by the ec president , and have to be ratified by the ep . 
  so what we see here is that the executive is , at all stages , chosen in democratic fashion . 
  the ep ( obviously ) is as well . 
  what about the council of ministers ( com ) then ? 
  well , these are the relevant national ministers in each country . 
  so if there was a discussion over a bill involving health , and it came to a vote , both the ep and the com ( in this case , comprising the national ministers of health from each country ) would both have to pass it for it to be signed into law . 
  remember , com members are also appointed through democratic processes in each country ( even if it 's merely voting the ruling party in that gets to decide it 's own cabinet ) , so functionally this is on average no less democratic than how each national government operated . 
  aside from that , there are a great number of other avenues for democratic participation by eu citizenry . 
  with respect to the cap , much of the information that you have is very out of date or simplistic . 
  for example , the eu finished fazing out all export enhancing subsidies this year , they 're in compliance with the wtos agreement on agriculture , and have minimized or removed all other negative effects of the cap on non-eu nations . 
  whilst it does protect the european agricultural industry , this is n't the end in itself . 
  rather , it seeks to , and i 'm quoting one of my other posts here ,  promote european food security , rural development , consumer standards , environmental sustainability , et cetera the policy is by no means perfect , and will always need some level of reform as circumstances dictate , but it 's not a harmful or needlesly wasteful program to the eu . 
  from a sheer economics point of view , you 're absolutely right and there 'd be almost no justification for it . 
  but when you bring in other factors , such as food security , rural development , consumer standards , environmental sustainability , et cetera , you start to see it differently . 
  it 's the kind of policy that will never be perfect , and will always draw criticism , but is a net benefit to the eu . 
  yeah , one of my master theses heavily involved the cap . 
  it 's kinda personally irritating that people point at it as bad , without really knowing much about it . 
  what is it you find so galling in particular about the cap , and where do you see instances of a severe democratic deficit ? 
   polish prime minister plane get shotdown lol !, 
  / r/conspiracy is exactly your thing . 
  '' - type strawmen stop as well . 
  that 's more hyperbole , than strawman . 
  you think the ecb or the eu has the power to remove the greek prime minister ? 
  / r/conspiracy , my friend . 
  i think you 'd like that subreddit . 
  what a load of crap . 
  they could default if they wished . 
  it 's the consequences of the default that are preventing them from defaulting , not some outside force . 
  it does n't look anything close to the ussr , and saying that is a slap in the face to all the ex-soviet bloc countries and what they experienced . 
  you should be ashamed of yourself . 
  whilst i disagree with what happened , it is a very cool picture if you ignore the context . 
  that was smart policing . 
  they could 've come down heavily on the muslim protestors , inciting more feelings of resentment from an already partially marginalized group in sweden , ending them quickly but having the resentment simmer for years . 
  or they could let it fizzle out . 
  they chose the latter, 
  could not agree more . 
  i was speaking to someone earlier today that was saying it was revenge for some russians protesting/attacking the polish embassy recently , as if somehow that makes them even , instead of stupid . 
  i do n't really understand why people keep showing up and digging deeply into this , when i was just trying to explain to raav that his stance that poland should ` go it alone ' is n't tenable . 
  the pipeline is n't being shut down , europe will continue to get gas deliveries . 
  ukraine will just not be taking gas from that pipeline . 
  and given that ukraine pays more for gas from russia than germany , i 'm sure they could also pay a slight premium over germany and still save money , provided they get the volume they need . 
  the 219 is what goes through to countries like germany , poland , etc , not just what ukraine gets . 
  [ western betrayal ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/western_betrayal ) , specifically the yalta and tehran conferences . 
  ca n't see how they 'd do that and still meet the the 10 % increase in gas volume exports they 're aiming for . 
  the entire hypothetical was if poland had no foreign support because raav was saying poland should go it alone . 
  i was explaining to him that poland ca n't do that . 
  it says in the article that they 're getting it from poland and hungary , as well as having large underground reserves . 
  no , i 'm saying that was the argument of the guy i was responding too originally . 
  regardless , i do n't see the entire culture of power politics and international negotiation changing over this matter , not a renegotiation of eu treaties . 
  look , i support you guys , but please do n't use such over the top hyperbole . 
  i do n't think it would sit very well with the kind of audience i 'd expect you guys to attract . 
  the argument was n't ` we need reform ' . 
  the argument was ` germany , and only germany , is selfish and it controls the eu and we need to tell them to fuck off ' . 
  yeah , i do n't remember suggesting russia would invade ? 
  i was criticizing raav 's point that poland needs to go it alone . 
  from a geopolitical perspective , russia is the only conceivable threat to poland at the moment . 
  i was n't suggesting they would attack , i was saying that * if * they attacked they 'd need help . 
  well yeah , that was my point . 
  poland needs international support if it wants to withstand an attack by the only extant possible threat currently , russia . 
  cheers !, 
  what ? 
  i do n't understand why ... 
  german selfishness ? 
  every country works to a great extent in their own interests and all countries can fight for their interests and come to a consensus at the end after hearing all views . 
  it 's not fair to single our germany just because they 're doing so well . 
  populism , i scoff at you !, 
  so by going the one route that 's sure to isolate it from the rest of the world ? 
  for the satisfaction of personal curiosity , are you one of those ? 
  i do n't think poland really has any option though . 
  realistically , what could poland do against a resurgent russia with no foreign support ? 
  the matter of sikorski 's death ? 
  are you talking conspiracy theories over the plane crash , or something else ? 
  i think i remember once hearing about a very out-there theory that it was the brits that did it , but ca n't imagine why else his death would be a sore spot in anglo-polish relations . 
  your list is so full of crazy i do n't know where to start , or whether i 'd want to !, 
  i do n't think it 's about eating meat every day , i think it 's about having the * choice * of eating meat everyday . 
  i try to cut down on meat a lot , but some days i 'm just really in the mood for some meat . 
  only two parties of any note in parliament , i presume . 
  ok , i do n't know why you deleted your last post and posted again but whatever . 
  regardless , if it 's actually called a ` vegetarian day ' , as opposed to just a random day where they did n't have meat , i could see how it would politicize the whole ` vegetarian ' ` non-vegetarian ' debate in schools . 
  yep , i knew a bosniak who was as swedish as sven , except when he spoke about his experiences fleeing to sweden from yugoslavia through poland after seeing his grandma get shot .
