  choosing not to hire someone because one ethnicity is overrepresented in the statistics is racist . 
  that 's just racist . 
  one massive strawman . 
  the police , duh . 
  your comment is stupid . 
  well , yeah ... what are you going to do , make them form an orderly queue in syria while they 're getting bombed ? 
  by definition , it 's not an illegal crossing if they 're a refugee . 
  what a load of crap . 
  one of my good friends works in migrationsverket , they deport lots of people . 
  so it 's not open borders , it 's respecting the refugee convention . 
  reminds me of that video of the american guy who walks around filming in gothenburg complaining about muslims for some ten minutes . 
  completely clueless . 
  most ` left wingers ' are n't for uncontrolled immigration , they 're for protecting refugees . 
  there are a number of studies that have demonstrated that people with foreign ( to sweden ) sounding names apply for a job , they 're considerably less likely to get called in for an interview than some with a name like lars persson , even when everything else is equal . 
  it 's not like these people do n't want to work . 
  they 're not appealing to illegal immigrants . 
  they 're abiding by the refugee convention . 
  it works for australia and canada . 
  or you can be a moderate , and dislike both the left and right wing . 
  the issue is n't just that they 're right wing , but that they 're far right wing . 
  `` i knew '' . 
  past tense . 
  not that heavily in comparison to the rest of the oecd . 
  ca n't think of many other industries that are so absolutely unpredictable as farming . 
  wrong weather will fuck you . 
  farming is fucked , rural towns are fucked . 
  actually , i live in europe . 
  i also mentioned that many i knew were second generation pakistani down the comment chain . 
  some of them , but also a lot of second generation pakistanis and the like . 
  indonesians are definitely very chill people though . 
  not humanitarian nightmares ? 
  rape by prison guards is endemic . 
  it gets routinely criticized by the unhrc . 
  there are riots over the conditions where people are killed . 
  journalists are n't allowed to even see what it looks like on the ground . 
  because the eu has made it impossible for them to fly . 
  the government also does n't report on what 's happening , the detention camps are a humanitarian nightmare , and ` not drowning at sea ' just means they 'll be dying at home . 
  if i were labor , the first thing i did when i got into power is commission a full report on the abuses that are going on and release it publicly . 
  repeal the ec directive that prevents them flying here . 
  yep , i 've never been an ` open borders advocate ' or ` muslims are free to do as they like , even oppress women ' kind of person , but because i argue against the outright bigots here i 'm labelled as such despite being fundamentally opposed to such notions . 
  i recognize that there a significant problems with integration , but most people do n't want to discuss constructive options , they just want to bitch instead . 
  it 's really difficult to take a moderate stance in discussions like this . 
  well said !, 
  in australia , i knew quite a large number of muslims in both high school ( some 30 % of the school was muslim ) and university . 
  none of them professed those beliefs ( though we did n't always speak about it ) , and those that i did speak with or observed were rather more ` australian ' than ` muslim ' . 
  that is , australian was their primary identity , they had australian values , and they did n't believe in things like stoning for adultery . 
  then what 's the issue ? 
  they 'll go to poland and flee to germany or sweden . 
  the issue is teaching them these values , not assuming they 'll know what they are by osmosis . 
  as shown in this documentary , integration efforts in germany are poor . 
  i mean , a single one hour language lesson in four years ? 
  the canadian system of a supportive public , system , and of locals that have integrated themselves helping to integrate others is what is required . 
  but as shown in the documentary , it does n't look like there 's such an integration system in place . 
  cheers !, 
  that was actually my hope as well , if content like this was posted ( and the discussion was actually constructive as opposed to what happens usually ) , i 'll be glad . 
  i 've spoken a couple of times about integration on this subreddit , it 's a topic dear to my heart because my own mother is a successful product of integration in that she had something along the lines of the ` godmother ' figure in canada ( actually , they were neighbours that invited her over for barbecues and dinner even though her english was very poor ) . 
  i know how important community engagement and the like is . 
  i 'm pretty sure there 's a formula - hostile public , poor integration . 
  supportive public , successful integration . 
  i can understand that , but we have to also realize that many countries are being put under tremendous stress in the levant . 
  lebanon has more than a quarter of the current population as syrian refugees . 
  if we do n't want to facilitate new , larger , waves of refugees as these countries get destabilized , we need to do something to ease the pressure now . 
  i 'm sure a country like poland , or slovakia , or the czech republic could , with relative ease , accommodate 10,000 refugees - at least for the duration of the conflict . 
  better to do that , than to have things go from bad to worse . 
   refugees are supposed to seek asylum in the first safe country , not on different continent . 
  this is an ideal to be striven for , but not a concrete law . 
  actually , i think europe could do a lot to alleviate the problem if they just got rid of eu directive 2001/51/ec , which basically says that if an airline brings someone that requests asylum in the uk and that asylum seekers application is denied , the person has to be deported at the cost of the airline . 
  as a consequence , many airlines routinely refuse people access to the plane if they think there 's a chance they 'll be an asylum applicant , as then the airline would have to pay to fly them back . 
  removing this would get rid of all the drownings , alleviate pressure on souther countries , and allow far better processing as they 'd have to fly to europe with proper documentation . 
  it would probably even save money in the long run . 
  the refugee convention is pretty explicit , it 's not about voluntary , it 's about helping whoever arrives . 
  fascinating and well made documentary . 
  i 've been on / r/europe for more than four years . 
  the outright and blatant bigotry has never been as bad as now . 
  no one ever suggested scrapping human rights back then , let alone gunning down boatloads of refugees . 
  it 's gotten so bad over the last few months . 
  import ? 
  they 're not commodities or slaves . 
  they 're not purchased from abroad to be shipped here . 
  directly does n't necessarily mean that it has to be a neighbouring country , just that they 're going to a safe country ( such as germany ) by the most direct route . 
  if it 's someone that 's a refugee , according to the refugee convention they have n't committed a crime . 
  here 's what your first link said ;  in sweden , muslim immigrants account for 5 percent of its population but commit 77 percent of its crime . 
  not rape . 
  crime . 
  the other ones , when they 've sourced it at all , have taken it from anti-muslim websites , not from primary sources . 
  they 've taken 77 % to mean rapes , not crime , even though obviously the two are not the same thing . 
  sources for what ? 
  you have n't been able to back up you claim that 75 % of rapes are committed by muslims . 
  those are awful sources , and i do n't see where the second sentence says so . 
  please point it out to me . 
  so it does n't even say anything about them being responsible for 75 % of rapes ? 
  mate , the burden of proof is on you . 
  you said that 75 % of rapists are muslim . 
  that 's not true , factually only 75 % of * convicted rapists * are muslim . 
  you need to prove that 75 % of rapists are muslim , we 're agreed that 75 % of convicted rapists are muslim . 
  yes , i disagree . 
  that 's 75 % of rape convictions , not rapes . 
  as i said , there 's an institutional bias against prosecuting white swedes ( or perhaps , more a bias towards prosecuting darker skinned swedes ) that skews the statistics . 
  if you phrased it ` rape convictions ' we 'd agree , but you said rapes . 
   how come 5 % muslims in sweden commit [ 2 ] over 75 % rapes ?
