  i do n't think it would be as bad once all the geriatrics go , but it would n't fix the problem , merely alleviate it to some degree . 
  i do n't know why you assume any quota is supposed to * drive away * people . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's supposed to fix an inequality where demand is high , yet people are n't getting the position anyway . 
  it 's fixing the equality of opportunity by temporarily implementing an equality of outcome, 
  quotas are a good temporary measure to bring women up to parity in areas where they 're being systematically discriminated against . 
  it 's not ideal , but it 's the best pragmatic solution to the problem . 
  well , it depends on if you 're after * equality of opportunity * or * equality of outcome * . 
  i 'm generally for the former , but i recognize that there are societal imbalances that should be rectified and where possible and pragmatic this should happen . 
  but i do n't see any reasonable method , for the time being , of somehow making sure that garbagemen , fisherman , and lumberjacks are 50/50 men and women . 
  we do , however , have a reasonable and pragmatic solution to gender disparity in management in the form of incremental quotas , thanks in large part to the fact that there is demand for such jobs . 
  if women were clamouring to be infantry or miners , and were n't getting into those positions because of systemic bias against them , then yes , that would be a problem . 
  which is why there are many womens organizations calling for greater equality within the military . 
  but generally , that 's not what 's holding women back in those professions . 
  it 's not a situation where women are being denied an option , it 's a situation where women are n't taking an option . 
  it 's funny that people can just add ` corporate ' as an adjective to any word , and it all of a sudden becomes sinister . 
  the fact is that the payment that isds lawyers get for arbitration is n't that substantial ( though of course , it depends on the case ) , and certainly not enough for a high profile lawyer to through away their name and reputation over . 
  i do n't know if you 've ever read over the cv of an isds arbitrator , but they 're generally * very * well respected and experienced figures in the legal community . 
  the implication that these people can be bought to give a biased ruling is a little silly . 
  as to the rest , i think / u/spiz sums it up perfectly . 
  i think the issue is that people see quotas as some kind of `` suddenly , and for all time , 45 % of women must be in top positions ! '', 
  where realistically , it 'd be a decade or two of gradually increasing proportion that would expire after fifty years . 
  just something to upset the boys club that currently exists ( though unintentionally , and not maliciously ) and ensure that women can get in . 
  the other problem with peoples impressions of quotas , from my perspective , is that people think they get those jobs as if it was a regular hr hiring procedure , where actually most people get mentored and groomed for such positions , rather than some kind of meritocratic process . 
  personal relationships , especially at higher levels , mean a tremendous amount . 
  it 's not , which is why opposition to quotas is so strange to me . 
  i know many competent women , but they do n't not get the job because they 're worse , but rather because there 's an implicit boy club which leads to men mentoring men for advancement , rather than women . 
  what 's more , referendums have typically not been very well or thoroughly debated , and are dominated be fear campaigns one way or another . 
  i agree that a referendum is what is needed in such an occasion , because it would run directly contrary to syrizas mandate and they 'd have to renew that via the referendum , but i dread the consequences . 
  i have never said there are no negative effects or grey zones . 
  i 've always said i 'm waiting until the final agreement is actually released , before making judgement . 
  but as someone that has studied international trade negotiation and written a masters thesis on the topic , i think i understand far better than most people with zero practical or academic grounding the factors going into it . 
  frequently , i see gross misrepresenations of what is going on with respect to ttip presented as fact - `` oh , they 're going to lower our [ x ] standards '' , and despite linking them to all the numerous times the eu has said that 's not happening , that belief remains . 
  the idea that ttip will only benefit mega corporations * is * ludicrous , because it 's evidently not the case . 
  ` mega corporations '' are the ones that do n't face significant hurdles entering new markets ( such as eu producers wanting to enter the us ) , because they have both the money and the expertise to handle it . 
  easing up market access via the removal of ntbs will actually harm mega corporations more than help them , because they will face new competition from numerous smes . 
  regardless , i was n't the one that wrote any of the things you just quoted , i just noticed that you were lacking in some facts and wanted to clear that up for you . 
   there are some serious concerns that food and environmental standards etc will be driven down . 
  i think you are aware that the eu is far far far ahead of the us in these areas and this agreement would potentially undermine the progress we have made . 
  the director of dg trade ( the body responsible for negotiating ttip ) has already stated that they 're [ not going to lower eu standards as a result ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/sections/trade-society/commission-official-eu-not-going-change-its-food-legislation-because-ttip#.vhqw3url5sq.reddit ) . 
  the eu has also stated that they 're [ not going to change `` existing levels of protection ( consumer , environmental , health , etc ) for the sake of an agreement '' ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/trade/policy/in-focus/ttip/questions-and-answers/ ) . 
   there are many other concerns , but i think an overriding one is the complete lack of transparency and anti democratic fashion in which the ttip has been put forward . 
  it seems that the commission is really working against the citizens and for a political and business elite . 
  ttip is without a doubt the most transparent trade agreement ever conducted in history . 
  at every step of the way , the ec has been publishing negotiating positions , summaries of recent talks , and rationales for why they took certain positions . 
  there is a constant consultative process , and isds provisions have [ been shelved ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-15-3201_en.htm ) following a recent such one . 
  there is a huge trove of information on the ec website that no one bothers to read , they 'd rather just check out what that sensationalist fearmongering cretin monbiot would scare them about instead . 
  there are also [ very good reasons why negotiations are secret ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/geopolitics/comments/2vw5kk/reddit_and_the_tpp/com12tj )  and come on with the `` anti-americanism '' , it 's so tiring as an argument . 
  as a continent we are buried in american influence . 
  just because one does not want to eat genetically modified food or want pay workers a minimum wage does not make one `` anti-american '' . 
  there has never been this kind of outcry over other trade agreements , despite being very similar in scope and function . 
  why is it only not that america is involved that it is happening ? 
  and why is the key opposition coming from groups like die linke which are famously anti-american ? 
   and in terms of the courts and governments that we have today , they might not be great and all , but at least to a certain extent , they represent the people of the countries in which they are based . 
  the isds would move the power further from europes citizens and dilute democracy . 
  courts do not represent the people of the countries they 're based in . 
  they represent the law of that country . 
   why not an agreement that focus purely on small businesses and removes the isds . 
  an agreement that automatically takes the highest standards of consumer protection and environmental legislation from each country and raises it as one of the parties raise it . 
  an agreement that really benefits people . 
  i saw a report recently that 56 % of isds cases were brought about by smes . 
  as to the latter , because no such agreement has ever been , or would ever be , enacted because ` benefit ' is extremely subjective . 
  ** as a side note ** , your style of argumentation is atrocious . 
  rather than attacking peoples arguments , you accuse them of being trolls or shills or lobbyists . 
  if you ca n't handle the argument , stay out of the kitchen . 
  it comes from diverse areas . 
  trade unions and groups funded by them are natural enemies to ftas as it means more competition and some of the companies employing people might not survive . 
  there 's the anti-globalist crowd , there are those that just dislike and distrust america , there are those that are just trying to make a headline , those that see conspiracy theories everywhere , the ` pirates ' are against because it likely means more regulation of intellectual property , consumer rights organizations are worried that european standards will drop to the level of american ones ( despite all indications being the opposite ) , etc. 
  the agreement covers so many different areas , with vested interests each latching onto their section and proclaiming how it 's the end times that when you put it all together it seems like a deal created by the devil himself . 
  that 's not how it works , and if you read the thread i linked to earlier , you would see why . 
  there is nothing stopping a government expropriating the assets , they just have to pay fair compensation . 
  they can always choose not to do so however , but then you end up with the agreement broken and retaliatory measures imposed . 
  stealing assets from another country is simply a silly and selfish thing to do . 
   i feel incredibly uncomfortable seeding sovereignty on the issue of what is fair compensation to outside forces that we do n't necessarily have strong influence over . 
  surely the company ( and through it , the shareholders of a company ) are entitled to be fairly compensated for what has been essentially stolen from them by the government ? 
  the whole reason why it 's not done under national jurisdiction is precisely because there is the worry that a country 's government and judiciary are biased against the foreign company . 
  do you think hungary under orban is going to fairly treat foreign companies ? 
  what about when some us senator insists on a ` buy american ' provision for some kind of government contract ? 
  this is exactly what having an independent tribunal ( usually under the auspices of the world bank or the united nations ) is supposed to be able to prevent . 
  for the uk , at least , there probably is n't going to be a problem because the uk has a strong non-discriminatory culture when it comes to such matters , and this is why every single isds suit brought against the uk has lost . 
  but i can absolutely see why the eu might want safeguards to prevent things like what happened [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1ztbsz/the_french_train_company_sncf_has_been_told_it/cfwsy7z ) . 
   if the official is not accountable to the national parliament , then they are not accountable . 
  i think part of what people forget is that this is an agreement between two entities , the eu and the us . 
  neither has jurisdiction inside the other , so what happens is that each pushes it to their maximum advantage - a mild breach here , where they know it 's not enough to end up with the parties annulling the agreement , another one there . 
  this is just a fair and impartial mechanism with which to handle such disputes . 
  companies ca n't sue because of lost income . 
  it 's a bullshit thing spouted by people trying to scare the shit out of people . 
  i wrote a post [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/truereddit/comments/2srn0u/trade_secrets_why_will_no_one_answer_the_obvious/cnsffwo ) outlining the more common misconceptions with respect to isds , and explain how it actually works . 
  there 's further details in the following comments as well , if it tickles your interest . 
   even if the courts are dropped , there 's still the demand that states pay fines if they start interfering in parts of the market they were n't interfering with before . 
  that 's what i do n't like about ttip . 
  what do you mean by this ? 
  i have not come across anything like this in my readings on ttip . 
   vague capitalist bullshit argument . 
  it 's called the transatlantic * trade and investment * partnership for a reason . 
  it aims to lower non-tariff barriers such as accepting regulatory certification which is effectively the same from the us in the eu and vice versa , where previously manufacturers had to get them certified in both countries - a time consuming and costly endeavour . 
  it also seeks to provide stronger safeguards for investors so they ca n't be discriminated against by the state in favour of domestic competitors . 
   nice in theory , in practice though i do n't see somebody starting a factory in the us/eu to build < insert random $ 1 item  instead of in china . 
  well , again , it 's about setting up a framework for the rest of the world to follow on regulation and the like . 
  the eu and the us together make up over half of world trade , if they set a common standard between them then the rest of the world is likely to follow .
