  because the treaty between france , uk , and poland was about an attack from germany , not the soviet union . 
  yes , i know . 
  also the home of uncitral , one of the premiere isds forums in the world . 
  you do n't understand , it 's only freedom of speech when bigots are allowed to say what they want without repercussion . 
  it 's because they do n't really see muslims as human , i reckon , and hence undeserving of such protections . 
  corruption crackdowns in china are done around political opponents ( at high level ) , or at low level to try and help the legitimacy of the ccp by getting rid of the many petty injustices people experience in every day life that turn them against the system of governance . . 
  the fact is though , that corruption is endemic because it 's the only way to advance . 
  higher level people need to make sure the lower ones are partially corrupt so that they have a hold on them , they know that they 're ` part of the game ' and can be removed based on such charges if they upset their patron . 
  the country i most want to visit at the moment, 
  africa a wasteland , australians obviously ca n't read a map , it 's hard not to be prejudiced against muslims ( and i do n't want them in estonia or europe in general , though i 've probably never actually had a conversation with one ) . 
  racist . 
  i 've lived in europe for 6 years now . 
  i 've been to estonia probably 5 or 6 times because i have a lot of friends there . 
  but it 's nice to see your blatant racism has now come to the front . 
  muslims caused the 30 year war . 
  til only muslims beat people up for stupid reasons . 
  i 've seen a number of estonians puking on the street and at positivus in the past , should i now think all estonians are alcoholic and with no class ? 
  yes , but correct me if i 'm wrong , you also think that the uk should leave because it does n't have enough influence in the eu . 
  your views are rather extreme when it comes to fair distribution of power amongst nations in areas of pooled sovereignty . 
  as i said , it 's unlikely excepting some kind of danish financial meltdown . 
  of course , in such a case it would be useful . 
  but more useful than influencing the direction of the euro ? 
  difficult to say . 
  i like lapin kulta as a sauna beer , but otherwise yeah - you guys do n't see to have anything to really boast about . 
  sweden was n't allowed to opt out of the single currency . 
  they have a de factor opt out , by virtue of the fact they need a referendum on the euro , not a de jure one . 
  denmark is already pegged to the euro and is , frankly , unlikely to break that without a catastrophe happening . 
  they 're basically a eurozone member without the benefits . 
  born australia . 
  live poland . 
  plan to move to either the uk , austria , or germany ( or estonia as a long shot ) . 
  how did they do that ? 
  i 'm not sure you understand the meaning of the word mercenary , nor the difference in how nato forces and gaddafis mercenaries were used . 
  busted !, 
  safe , but boring , choices . 
  where 's your sense of adventure ? 
  mikkeller will always be my first love , europewise . 
  had the tequila cask aged stout once , blew my fucking mind . 
  but lately i 've become fond of a polish beer called korona olbrachta . 
  interesting label too . 
  er , i live in europe and have for almost six years now . 
  i prefer to leave this in the hands of governments and courts . 
  apparently that 's in dispute . 
  like i said , ` some would argue ' . 
  i would n't be one of those . 
  i 'd say it 's fair , since many people would argue that the germans led to syriza coming into power . 
  tit for tat . 
  people come and go , but the state lives on . 
  there are moral and legal obligations on the state , just as there are on people . 
  hey , the guy hired foreign mercenaries to shoot people in the streets indiscriminately from the rooftops to terrorize the population into submission . 
  we should absolutely derive our values from there . 
  that 's why i said earlier that i felt there was no reason continuing . 
  i mean , even in the article i submitted their account of what happened is wildly different to his , where he brushes it off as merely  actually they got in a drunken verbal fight with a well-known `` comedian '' , shouted some slurs , and afterwards armed themselves with blunt objects `` supposedly '' ( i personally doubt it ) because they had been threatened with getting a criminal gang set on them . 
  the guys threatening got kicked out of the party and in one case even emigrated . 
  the video bloody well speaks for itself . 
  with that level of intellectual dishonesty , i 'm not going to continue discussing it with him , especially when i already provided sources that contradict his claims , including video !, 
  there 's not point , i 've been in such discussions with them in the past . 
  they just create a gishgallop of misinformation which is more trouble than its worth to deal with . 
  this place gets linked to from subreddits like / r/european all the time . 
  there are links from stormfront showing that they view / r/europe as a recruiting ground , and encouraging their members to post here all the time . 
  the only time you post in / r/europe is about migrant and muslim drama , but you yourself seem to live in nyc . 
  what 's your point ? 
  that refugees are n't refugees if it 's not convenient ? 
  they ca n't claim refugee status , they can request asylum and have that application processed . 
  if they are refused , they get deported . 
  it 's not just an automatic `` hey , i 'm a refugee , you have to let me in '' . 
  the system is n't being abused . 
  accepting refugees is n't about the workforce , it 's about honouring our commitment to the refugee convention and to prevent things like what happened with the ms st louis from happening again . 
  according to the convention , you ca n't just set up a quota system for how many you want to take in . 
  if they have a valid claim , you have to process it and if verified they 're refugees . 
  this is n't a pick and choose system like economic refugees . 
   actually they got in a drunken verbal fight with a well-known `` comedian '' , shouted some slurs , and afterwards armed themselves with blunt objects `` supposedly '' ( i personally doubt it ) because they had been threatened with getting a criminal gang set on them . 
  the guys threatening got kicked out of the party and in one case even emigrated . 
  someone 's been reading too much friatider . 
  you conveniently ignore how they were abusing women on the street as well prior to that incident . 
  after reading this , it 's clear that there 's no point speaking with you . 
  the only time you pop up in these threads is when muslims or immigration are brought up so you can play the lovely apologist for sverigedemokraterna . 
  yeah , i do n't even get how people see this as an issue . 
  i imagine it 's all just anecdotal kind of evidence based around `` oh , the police did n't arrest that gypsy when i told them i did n't like the look of him , so the police let them do whatever they want '', 
  translation : if you start being one of those people that constantly posts anti-immigration and xenophobic material on facebook , your friends get tired of hearing that shit and drift away . 
  right , but again - they 're only identified when they 're visiting a medical practitioner . 
  prosecuting is something else entirely . 
  `` oh , she was visiting my grandparents in our home country and they did it to her '' . 
  you ca n't prosecute based on that . 
  wow , who 'd have thought that maybe there 'd be complex layers of nuance that might be added ? 
  thank goodness we have you here !, 
  again , the point is irrelevant . 
  we 're discussing immigration here , not council planning . 
  if a russian witch coven from siberia attained the proper immigration permits for australia , i would n't have a problem with them coming here . 
  if they started making loud parties at night and throwing weird shit into the cauldron that stunk up the place , i 'd call the cops . 
  i would n't say `` well , that 's why you do n't let russians come to australia ! '', 
  the dictionary oversimplifies a lot of complex concepts to one or two sentences . 
  ignoring that there are untold numbers of roma and irish travelers that do n't live such a lifestyle ( one of my history professors during my bachelor was one ) , i do n't see what relevance that has to the topic at hand . 
  that 's more a reflection of how hard a crime it is to identify and prosecute , and not of societal acceptance . 
  i was n't aware the west was silent about fgm and discrimination towards women . 
  thanks for ` culturally enriching ' me with your ` enlightenment ' . 
  a sensible comment at the top , in a thread about sweden and immigration ? 
  is it april fools day or something ? 
  it 's nowhere near . 
  try and fly there from brazil , malaysia , china , hell - anywhere outside of the schengen zone , and get residency absent any other conditions .
