  as i recall , the german government * accelerated * the shutdown schedule compared to the prior one , as well as prematurely shutting down a number of power plants that were supposed to still be running . 
  if they had continued along the schedule of the original shutdown , i do n't think there would be anywhere near as many problems . 
  i 'm actually one of those !, 
  no , i found something wrong with the reporting of what happened , which was grossly misleading about the actual subject . 
  let me rephrase what i last wrote . 
  the scientists did n't publish misleading data . 
  they published the correct data , but the political party in power decided they wanted to help our one of their supporters so implemented a law banning it anyway , despite it not being harmful . 
  yep , phase out is the correct term . 
  the thing is , i think they have a valid reason to sue here as well , and i do n't see a problem with doing so . 
  the government did n't release any new data that said that the accelerated phaseout ( and the immediate shut down of some of the nuclear power plants ) is necessary . 
  as i recall , none of the reports released from the safety review or anywhere else recommended that they all be shut down according to the accelerated schedule . 
  i would say that it was a decision made not because it benefited germany ( though many people would certainly be glad that nuclear would be gone sooner ) , but rather because it gave merkel a boost in the ratings , and * not * making a move would have cost her the next election . 
  unfortunately , i do n't think the energy charter treaty was worded very well , because it allows for more secrecy than i 'd like - for example , we ca n't even read on what grounds vattenfall is suing germany . 
  but based on the negotiating mandate released by the eu for ttip , it looks like they 've taken cares to address such worries . 
   good for corporations , that is . 
  that 's not necessarily the same as good for the people , although you 're right that many european nations desperately need growth . 
  often , good for corporations does n't mean bad for people , and similarly good for corporation can often mean good for people , especially if it brings in investment because people are scared that governments would do unfair actions against them . 
  this was really good , thanks !, 
  true , but i 'd say increased investment in europe without any decline in living standards , worker standards , or consumer protection is an undoubtedly good thing given the economic situation . 
  as for how they become more accountable , governments will have to make laws because they are * good laws * , and not because they are popular or protect some of the governments main supporters . 
  let me give you a scenario to consider ; a government bans a chemical additive in fuel saying that it is environmental dangerous , and harmful to people . 
  only one company , a foreign one , uses this additive , and sues the government . 
  the newspaper headlines are all saying ` government sued by greedy company for implementing new environmental/health regulations ' . 
  do you think this is ok ? 
  what about if it turns out that the government 's own health department and environmental department both had conducted studies a year earlier and determined that there was no risk to the environment or to people 's health . 
  that they had conducted such studies regularly over the last 30 years , each saying the same thing , and that the domestic competitors of this foreign company had for a long time been strong supporters , always doing fundraising and donating money to the political party that implemented this law . 
  is it still ok ? 
  this is an actual case , and is what happened when ethyl corporation sued the canadian government through isds provisions in nafta . 
  obviously , they won - canada chose to settle , pay some 20 million dollars , and get rid of the law they had implemented . 
  without those provisions , the political party would still be getting strong support from the domestic fuel companies , the american company would have lost one of it 's markets , consumers would have a more expensive/inferior product , and investors in that company ( individuals like you and me who have invested money into pension funds and so on ) would have a large sum of money from their investments wiped out . 
  with isds , the political party ca n't play favourites as easily with their companies . 
  they have to make sure proper scientific analyses are done before approving projects , they ca n't just make laws and say ` screw the consequences ' . 
  their laws will have to be better because they will be held to a higher standard than previously . 
  i 'd argue that this new accountability makes for a better democracy . 
  edit : i also wrote a post [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1ztbsz/the_french_train_company_sncf_has_been_told_it/cfwsy7z ) once about how america screws over european companies . 
  providing ttip covers those areas , isds provisions would mean that european companies would have considerably more access to the us markets , greatly increasing the european economy . 
  there are many laws that the average citizen does n't see the advantage of , but put together they provide great benefit . 
  i think isds is one that will make politicians more accountable , will increase investment , and will protect investors from actions done in bad faith by governments . 
  again , depending on how it 's worded . 
  given your name is that of the polish dish , i got ta assume you 're polish , in which case your statement is hilarious . 
  i never understood ( and often derided ) the libertarian viewpoint before this moment , but goddamn is it making me rethink it . 
  no , but i think there 's a very important distinction between democracy and governance that many people seem to ignore . 
  the people notoriously do not know what 's good for them . 
  if we had full direct democracy we 'd be living in a society where there 's no tax , the government pays for everything , and there 'd be public hangings for people that walk too slowly in a line on the footpath . 
  i said that there already was a temporary shutdown whilst a comprehensive safety review was undertaken . 
  as i recall , the reviews did n't recomment the immediate shut down of any nuclear power plants , yet the german government decided to shut down eight of them . 
  that 's what makes it arbitrary , they did n't choose to shut them done for some kind of evidence or expert backed reason , but because they knew it would give the ruling party more votes . 
  and to respond to your other reply here  they have . 
  there was extensive debate on the nuclear question years before that , fukushima was just the drop in the bucket that changed the risk assessment of nuclear plants in germany . 
  you may not like it , but this decision is supported by the german population . 
  merkel immediately recognized that it was a political inevitability after the fukushima fiasco . 
  i did n't realise that we operated under the tyranny of the majority . 
  we live in liberal-democracies , which protect the minority from the majority , and where laws ought to have a valid justification for them beyond ` everyone wants it ' . 
  they 're suing them under the energy charter treaty , a treaty which has been ratified by the german government , for something . 
   maybe i just do n't understand your definition of `` ok '' and `` right '' . 
  i have this radical notion that governments should have a rationale for laws . 
  if they do n't have an evidence backed reason for it , then they 're essentially pandering to populist sentiment . 
  we do n't just live in a democracy , we live in a liberal-democracy where people 's actions should n't be constrained without valid reason . 
  if you continued reading the conversation before replying , you 'd see i answered that . 
  the government should have a reason for making laws , not just saying ` well , we think people will be more likely to vote for us if we do it , fuck the consequences to the people it harms ' . 
  if the government chooses to ban kebabs because they know many voters are scared of kebabs , is that ok ? 
  what about the people that are happy with kebabs ? 
  what about the people that own kebab stores and have never had anyone become sick due to their kebabs ? 
  i guess it depends on your experience . 
  i know a guy that was very active in a student tory organization in yorkshire and they were a sizable mob . 
  vattenfall is acting within the bounds of the law , there 's no need for you to apologize . 
  no , they 're lawful . 
  that does n't make them ok or right . 
  and again , even here , it 's questionable that the government 's actions were lawful . 
  north korea !, 
  they 've been infiltrating poland for decades !, 
  why is it ok if it 's a political decision ? 
  are all decisions ok as long as they 're political ? 
  should people not be compensated for political decisions ? 
  can governments make laws that actively harm people and their interests and provide no tangible benefit because they 're ` political decisions ' ? 
  that 's why the law should have some kind of empirical basis . 
  you do see the difference between that , and making an arbitrary decision to shut down a nuclear power plant right ? 
  eh , that 's the fault of people not taking enough participation in democracy , not of democracy in itself . 
  right , and the nuclear power plants were all temporarily shut down and had comprehensive safety reviews . 
  as i recall , none of the recommendations by them was for an immediate shut down of any of the nuclear power plants , so the government shutting them down regardless represents an arbitrary decision on their behalf , and not one based off of expert analysis . 
  fascinating read !, 
  fair enough , though again , given we do n't know what the company is arguing , i 'm uncertain how you can claim it 's frivolous and groundless . 
  isds is fine if it 's worded correctly , i just wish there 'd be more transparency . 
  no , but under eminent domain you do have recourse to sue if you think that what is being acquired was worth more . 
  that 's what the company is doing ( again , presumably ) . 
  the nuclear power plants were already up and running , the precautionary principle does n't apply . 
  they were temporarily shut down for a time , experts were called in to determine how safe they were , and then a number were arbitrarily shut down . 
  and ` safe ' according to experts , empirical analysis , and the like . 
  eminent domain gives fair compensation . 
  the company is arguing they did n't get fair compensation ( presumably ) . 
  if they did n't have a empirically backed justification to shut it down ( for example , if the production and transportation process was deemed to be safe ) , then yes , they should be allowed to sue . 
  why should the government shut them down if the production process is safe ? 
  yes , every investment is a risk . 
  in western liberal-democracies , you do n't factor in the risk that the government is going to essentially steal your assets because that does n't happen . 
  maybe in china or something , but i would n't expect that for germany . 
  regardless , suing for lost income and the like is pretty standard , why would it not be allowed for companies ? 
  regardless , it 's silly to argue on and on like this because neither you nor i know what exactly the company is suing for . 
  that 's not analogous to the situation that happened here at all . 
  so you do n't think they should be compensated for the opportunity cost ? 
  they sunk money into the nuclear power plants expecting a certain rate of return on those investments .
