  second deleted comment , when i asked if he 's fine with soldiers killing the children on the boat as well , was along the lines of ` sure . 
  i 'd happily do it myself ', 
  there 's such thing as necessary circlejerk ? 
  yep , a comment history spanning three years and * this * is where i decide to start my trolling career !, 
  you caught me !, 
  my , how mature you are . 
  i do n't believe it so obviously you 're lying ! ', 
  you 're an idiot . 
  relevant paragraph :  it should not be surprising that the southern gas corridor has caught moscow 's ire . 
  russian-run gazprom is attempting to buy up gas transit and transmission infrastructure along the pipeline route to try to undermine the project . 
  even more insidious , it has paid environmental movements to try to stymie construction with environmental claims . 
  this is not the first time that gazprom has used bogus environmental movements to promote its interests . 
  it has also funded anti-fracking campaigns in europe , including in ukraine and bulgaria , to slow europe 's development of local gas supplies . 
  if public watchdogs in europe do not monitor and publicize russia 's manipulation of environmental causes , distinguishing its claims from those of legitimate environmental organizations , it will find itself increasingly dependent on russian gas imports . 
  it comes from foreign affairs , which is a pretty well regarded , so i trust the veracity of its claims . 
  it did . 
  whereas in my mind , shaping a society so that it does n't see a firearm as a prerequisite for safety means that , as a whole , we live in less fear ( as was the whole purpose of this topic ) and have more room to develop a peaceful , functional society . 
  that the needs of the individual do n't outweigh the needs of society ( whoever you shoot in a home invasion may be the sole provider for a family , the aftershocks of the shooting , etc ) . 
  the funny thing is that [ the kremlin funds anti-fracking groups ] ( http://www.foreignaffairs.com/articles/141023/brenda-shaffer/pipeline-problems?nocache=1 ) . 
  they 're using our democracy against us !, 
  sorry , i edited some in after your post without realising you 'd replied . 
  yeah , i too think this is the kind of argument that will go all day . 
  but i think i 'm coming at it from a perspective where i do n't think we should be giving potential implicit capital punishment for theft , whereas you 're coming at it from an ' i should not be restricted in my defence in any way ' perspective . 
  i understand your perspective ( if that 's where it comes from ) , but i still fundamentally disagree with it and see it as highly flawed . 
  as you probably do with mine . 
  different ideological priorities i guess . 
  and when it turns out you 've shot a 13 year old kid who 's part of a traveller crime gang ? 
  you ca n't assume that you 'll react perfectly or rationally . 
  most likely there 'll be masses of adrenaline running through your body and you 'll be going through more primalistic , than higher thinking , functions anyway . 
  to tell you the truth , i was still apprehensive when i was in colorada the entire time i was there . 
  i mean , a guy in a pizzeria ( an employee ) called me a faggot because i used the words ` excuse me ' and ` please ' when asking where the bathroom was . 
  kind of reinforced a number of preconceptions . 
   and on top of that , 8 in 10 of those incarcerated in the us for a violent crime said they would not have committed the act if their victim was armed . 
  there 's a pretty solid body of research that shows that when lower-socio-economic background people commit crime , they completely disregard the consequences and think only of the reward . 
  owning a gun would n't change that ( and they still committed roberies in a country that allows easy ownership of guns ) . 
  i 'd beware of the statistics brought up by / r/guns , theyre 90 % misleading or outright wrong . 
  there are certainly arguments for gun ownership , but upon my own examination of the balance of evidence ( from both sides ) i 've decided that gun controls are a net positive for society . 
  how many doctor/lawyer immigrants , or the kids of those immigrants , do you know that do that stuff ? 
  that 's not a fact , that your unsupported assertion . 
  are you saying that your tv , which is probably insured , is more valuable than someone else 's life ? 
  nothing from your statistics supports your arguments, 
  why not just run from the house ? 
  no one has to die over material goods , and insurance will cover it . 
  second and third generations do n't automatically get citizenship , and there is nothing stopping a moroccan citizen from revoking their citizenship . 
  it 's just morocco does n't recognize it . 
  i suppose you can point to some numbers of what percentage of second generation moroccans have that citizenship ? 
  we were specifically talking about second and third generation ones ( or at least that 's what i was , and specifically mentioned ) , not about moroccan immigrants in general . 
  i figured he was just a confused and isolated teenager . 
  i think you need to see a psychologist . 
  [ this guy is an ethnic german who converted to islam ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sven_kalisch ) according to you , he should go back to africa . 
  regardless , i think this conversation is over seeing as you seem to be wanting to go back to race theories of the 1930s . 
  the germans and the german state have decided to allow other nationalities in . 
  by that reckoning , it 's not longer a state for ` ethnic germans ' but for ` germans of citizenship ' . 
  so you 're an ethnonationalist ? 
  that 's even worse !, 
  wow dude , you 're fucking racist . 
  have you ever even gotten to know a muslim ? 
  as i said , * they only have dutch citizenship * . 
  how would they go ` back to africa ' ? 
  they never came from there . 
  because they do better than where they come from . 
  or , as rc72 already explained if you bothered to read their post , they 're second/third generation immigrants where they only have dutch citizenship . 
  where else would they go ? 
  a number of countries , including austria , already do this . 
   which shows that the problem is n't `` immigration '' as much as the creation of an entire underclass , even worse , an entire race-and-ethnicity-based underclass . 
  this guy gets it !, 
  and the bullshit rhetoric of the tabloids and populists is just entrenching this problem all the more . 
  our resident racist troll is back . 
  has there been another stormfront invasion ? 
  there are highly upvoted posts in threads in the last 24 hours advocating for shooting children to prevent immigration , all kinds of racist shit being posted , and then half the comments in this thread ... 
  it 's a conversation , not a single post . 
  i did n't say ` in this one post ' , did i ? 
  and cut the abuse out of it , yeah ? 
  there 's no call for that . 
  definitely was n't either of those , i would 've remembered . 
  i mentioned children , he said he 'd be happy to gun them down . 
  it 's pretty unambiguous . 
  you did [ advocate killing children ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/20ssaz/italian_ships_rescue_more_than_2000_migrants_in/cg6h9gy ) to prevent immigration . 
  it 's clear you see them as sub-human and are a racist piece of shit in general . 
   a n't really argue that argument of yours lol . 
  but i would like to know how those claims are `` proved to be false '' , also , not to be another annoying redditor , but can you back that argument in any way . 
  ( i 'm seriously interested . ), 
  i do n't have the numbers for europe , but in australia over 90 % of claims are ultimately accepted . 
  children are a factor . 
  mate , there 's a reason i constantly criticize your posts so harshly . 
  we once had this argument where you said you hate foreigners , and then i brought up polish and australian soldiers fighting in tobruk together . 
  well , i 'm a foreigner that went to poland , loved the place enough to learn the language ( and its such a hard language too !, 
  ) , and all your posts are about how foreigners just want to ruin poland and steal from poland , how foreigners should n't be able to own businesses in poland and so on . 
  i was thinking about moving to poland at some stage , maybe starting a business - and you are always essentially saying that i should fuck off . 
  i would never say such things to people that would want to do the same to australia . 
  no , you 're not under an obligation to allow them . 
  but the thing is , the headlines are n't going to say ` libya refuses to accept boatload of refugees , including children , who drown ' . 
  it will say that italy does . 
  and i 'm sorry , but i hold italy to a higher moral standard than i do libya . 
  the african countries would only be fighting against italy . 
  they can handle themselves since they will be defending , and it will be italy that has to attack over distance . 
  they 're not eu rules , they 're un rules . 
  and they are under no obligation to accept them . 
  and you 're really going to invade the country that supplies most of your oil and gas , massively damaging your economy , over a few thousand immigrants ? 
  start a war ?
