  did you know that arrests over stupid shit said on twitter have increased by a hundred percentage points over the last decade ? 
  i 'm not kidding people , look it up !, 
  this was burning a cross on society 's lawn !, 
  yeeeaaaaa, 
  the wonderful thing about navies , which you as a brit should know , is that they 're not confined to one location . 
  you realise that finishing negotiations does n't mean an agreement is put in place , right ? 
  it 's just the end of negotiations , then it has to be ratified by 29 different countries plus the eu . 
  last time i checked , having negotiations did not lead to any of the things you mentioned . 
  ratified agreements did . 
  if you do n't know what you 're talking about , then shut up . 
  i guess burning a cross on someones lawn should be protected as ` art ' as well . 
  the intention matters . 
  charming . 
  i 've lived in europe for more than five years . 
  nice to see you 're so against free speech though . 
  free speech in being able to yell fire in crowded cinemas , false advertising , or libel !, 
  i think your umbrella under what constitutes ` austerity ' is too big , in that you do n't see the inherent experimental nature of much that was proposed in the cases you put forward . 
  none of this supports your argument that there is anything proposed by negotiators , or accepted , that would lead to lessened food standards or bypassing laws . 
  this is all just conjecture by an ( admittedly ) decently researched , but heavily biased , blog . 
  charming , someone that admits to being a national socialist . 
  where did you even come from , given this was posted three days ago, 
  again , none of that has to do with the process of international negotiations . 
  well , i do n't overly disagree with you , but it 's not about extracting resources , it 's about using them as a test bed for new economic ideas . 
  they 're not sure it will work , and other countries do n't want to destabilise themselves by putting it into practice , so the imf and wb impose experimental theories on the nations requiring assistance to see if they work . 
  they do n't do this maliciously mind you , they think these theories will work . 
  they 're just not sure . 
  ca n't disagree with anything you 've said here , good analysis all round . 
  it 's not that they erred on the side of caution . 
  it 's that they did n't comply with wto rules . 
  and as to your carbon tax discussion ... no . 
  any isds provisions would be so that domestic companies do n't get treated more favourably than foreign companies , so if a us company comes in and had to pay a higher carbon price than domestic countries , then they 'd have a case . 
  i ca n't disprove that they all worship some kind of lovecraftian cult , either , but they probably do n't . 
  none of those are unintended consequences of the process of negotiating a trade agreement . 
  do you have any substantive to say , instead of juvenile anti-globalization rhetoric ? 
  if they want access to imf funds , they have to meet certain conditions . 
  i do n't see the problem . 
  what , you think the imf should just give them money out of the goodness of their hearts ? 
  it 's certainly not imposing anything . 
  they go to the imf requesting loans , and if they want loans , there are conditions . 
  simple . 
  definitely sooner would be better . 
  pretty disgraceful that italy has to deal wi most of this alone , despite organisations like frontex existing . 
  they 're dead mate , i do n't think they can say anything much at the moment . 
  the things you mention have zero to do with free trade agreements , nor with what i was talking about which was the processes of negotiation . 
  stupid article . 
  what should the west have done after the agreement between yanukovych and maidan was cancelled ? 
  besides that , many of the other points are crazy . 
  us seeing europe as a liability for drawing the us into the ukraine-russia confrontation ? 
  the us has been more gung-ho than europe !, 
  they do n't force you to . 
  the eu violated the rules of the wto with respect to procedure , in particular violating the sps that requires a scientific basis for a ban . 
  the eu could not provide such , despite being given fifteen months to conduct the necessary research , and decided to continue the ban on hormone treated meat . 
  following a dispute settlement case at the wto , the us was allowed to impose retaliatory tariffs up to a certain amount . 
  the evidence provided by the eu that hormone meat was carcinogenic in subsequent attempts to resolve the dispute was found to be contradictory with other findings ( including by european scientists ) and poorly done , and thus was determined to be insufficient for the ban . 
  no one argued that here . 
  they do n't . 
  there are tariffs imposed up to about 115 million dollars a year after a case was brought before the wto , and the wto ruled in the favour of the us because the eu was violating the rules . 
  did anyone say migration would solve africa 's problems ? 
  whatever happened to xenq ? 
  if kaczynski gets back in power , i 'm leaving poland . 
  mostly , since it became illegal to annexe territory through war . 
  she does n't have effective power over sovereign nations , so i do n't know where that 's coming from . 
  you got a link ? 
  you 're sending me an email about people that do n't know if the report comes from the news from the european green party as a source ? 
  whut ? 
  a win-set is the spectrum of acceptable outcomes to the domestic populace of one of the parties in the negotiation . 
  when the win-sets of all parties overlap then there 's possibility for an agreement . 
  lobbying decreases parties win-sets . 
  as an example , dairy lobby in country a can say ` no liberalizing of dairy trade or we 'll fund your competitors in the next election ' which would decrease the possible win-set for country a. 
  you provided proof that jamie oliver is concerned , but your assertion was that politicians are trying to lower eu food standards . 
  until you can reasonably substantiate the claim that politicians are trying to lower eu food standards , we have nothing more to say here . 
  you 're the second person that 's called me a shill in the last week for the us . 
  you 've been in / r/europe for all of 12 days . 
  and no , i do n't know a lot about the deal . 
  i know a lot about how such deals happen though , hence why i 'm informing people about that . 
  you have offered no proof to substantiate your claim that politicians want to lower the standards of the eu to that of us levels . 
  the onus of proof is on you , not on me . 
  i think lobbying is happening . 
  i just think most people assign far too much influence to lobbyists and have n't really thought exactly about how that happens with such negotiations . 
  do they think the lobbyists sit in at the negotiations ? 
  through which channels do they get their suggestions put forward ? 
  how do they think this happens ? 
  most people seem to just view ` government ' as a monolithic entity when it 's really just a bunch of people operating within systems . 
  you do n't lobby ` government ' . 
  you lobby certain politicians , and very very few of those have any influence at all on the negotiaitons - those that do have influence are certainly too busy to be listening to the suggestions of companies all day , every day . 
  you 've got it all wrong , it 's not about maximizing negotiation speed , it 's about maximizing the possible win sets for both parties so that they overlap somewhere . 
  and when lobbyists get their hands on what 's going on because it 's made public , that will simply be made impossible . 
  i 'm thinking of writing up a big post about it in the next few days . 
  again , no , that 's not how it works . 
  that 's simply not the case , and i have no idea where you 're getting these bizarre ideas from . 
  because i 've studied international negotiation , i 've read the theories on what works and what does n't , and i 've been trying to educate people on / r/europe for months about why it 's the best option , to little success . 
  you 're taking this the wrong way . 
  it 's simple , when you post a video then also include a short description of what we 're in for , otherwise it 's just a random video in a thread that might be some kind of advertising or something . 
  a lot of people voted no on acta , as a recent example . 
  and the constitutional treaty . 
  and any number of other ones . 
  that 's not a gross oversimplification . 
  have you read through any of these fta documents , like the ttip or tpp ? 
  because i have . 
  there 's a bunch of stuff like `` the us proposes '' followed by a long list where all the other negotiating parties oppose .
