  screw europe . 
  screw the eu . 
  downvote all you want , i do n't care . 
  this europe is a stones throw away from the old days of war . 
  imposed famines , annexations , overtaxing , terrorism , gulags and concentration camps . 
  all because of fucking of chauvinisms and ethnocentrics . 
  mighty germany will inherit a barren minefield and a perpetual ulcer . 
  or  no . 
  i will never identify with something corrupt , like the eu . 
  and all other moneymongering assholes . 
  these are not opinions about the topic at hand , ` do you identify with todays europe ' and about how ` european ' people feel . 
  instead , these are erratic rants and conspiracy theories regarding the eu . 
  perhaps if they 'd said `` i do n't feel european , here 's why '' , they might get a better response . 
  instead , you get the eu is running gulags !, 
  your conspiracy ridden post is just as ridiculous , hence why i assume it will be downvoted as well . 
  it adds nothing . 
  there are no facts to be disputed , because you present no facts . 
  there are no arguments made , because it 's an idiotic rant . 
  simply put , you seem to not be posting as if this were a discussion , but instead are proselytizing with foam coming out of your mouth about topics that are completely irrelevant . 
  i 've held dual citizenship since i was 2 years old and my parents are european . 
  i speak three european languages , and have lived in three european countries . 
  i 'd hazard that i 'm more european than you , in fact . 
  but you 're a 0 day old account , someone that 's too cowardly to address me with their main account , so good day to you . 
  actually , i 'm a dual national . 
  yeah , i feel the same . 
  it 's easy to argue the side where all you have to rely on is bullshit figures , factoids , and misinformation . 
  it becomes increasingly more frustrating when you have to dig up the numbers you read 6 months ago to correct someones position based on incorrect information . 
  yes i am . 
  cherry picked quotes ? 
  i posted the three parent comments that were downvoted in this thread ( the only three ) , when we were discussion whether only pro-eu opinions were allowed . 
  i explained why their posts got downvoted ( irrelevant to the topic at hand , full of sophomoric rhetoric , and conspiracy theories ) . 
  and this is me reaching a new low ? 
  you 're a joke mate , a real card . 
  thanks mate , i need a break from arguing with some of these idiots . 
  glad to see someone else has taken up the slack . 
  or rather , only opinions that have some logical sense instead of  eurozone is like a malformed usa where evreyone do what the state of ny decide and there is no federal welfare or fiscal tranfer . 
  this is obvioulsy going to end one way or another . 
  or  i do n't . 
  screw europe . 
  screw the eu . 
  downvote all you want , i do n't care . 
  this europe is a stones throw away from the old days of war . 
  imposed famines , annexations , overtaxing , terrorism , gulags and concentration camps . 
  all because of fucking of chauvinisms and ethnocentrics . 
  mighty germany will inherit a barren minefield and a perpetual ulcer . 
  or  no . 
  i will never identify with something corrupt , like the eu . 
  and all other moneymongering assholes . 
  not opinions about the topic at hand , ` do you identify as european ' , but rather erratic rants and conspiracy theories regarding the eu . 
  perhaps if they 'd said `` i do n't feel european , here 's why '' , they might get a better response . 
  instead , you get the eu is running gulags !, 
  if i were you , i 'd disassociate myself with such loonies as soon as possible . 
  was n't your other account banned for following me around making up bullshit ? 
  holy shit , are you really that stupid ? 
  i 'm going to have to make a note to ignore everything you post in the future , because you 're either a mentally deficient or a ridiculously elaborate troll . 
  you think that the only european country that considers itself ` with europe , but not of it ' does n't help to explain the point ezekwail was trying to make ? 
  edit : for clarity , this one  i do n't know where you live , but for someone that lives in the middle of poland , the south of italy , or the north of scotland , of course there is a lack of european spirit . 
  but people living on borders ( like me ) , who live in the center of europe as of today , do encounter europe in several ways , in everyday life . 
  as to your second sentence , i made no such assertion . 
  stop being absurd . 
  ehm , i specifically quoted one part of your text because that 's the part i was responding to . 
  incidentally , i know very well about yugoslavia and it 's break-up , thank you , and that 's why i think the parallels you 're trying to draw are ridiculous in the extreme . 
  regardless , many of your points are irrelevant or outright wrong . 
  the libson treaty was the same in all but name ? 
  oh please !, 
  i 'm trying to say that there is more to democracy than just voting for a party , you can participate in the political process in myriad different ways . 
  no , but i 'm not a braindead libertarian . 
  he 's a british ( i suspect english ) hardcore ukip supporter . 
  i think his point was that both should be prosecuted , the higher ups for allowing such a circumstance in the first place , and the soldiers that committed it for the crime itself . 
  of course , i do n't really see any country forcing their army to do such . 
  no , that 's a stupid proposal . 
  yeah , why not just keep making it smaller and more simple , to the point we just get rid of any kind of agricultural policy ? 
  after all , you seem to believe that simpler is better !, 
   i do n't see how you could n't draw parallels with today 's push for federalism and yesteryear 's balkanisation following a forced identity . 
  oh wow , i had a shred of respect for you 3-4 months back as someone that argued and backed up their points . 
  but the kind of garbage you 're bringing here is unfathomable . 
  the problem is , once you think the rule of law does n't need to always apply ` for the greater good ' , you pave the way open for vigilantism . 
  well , as i said in the past - i 'm not opposed to cap reform , i think there is still much that can be done to reduce some abuses . 
  however i 'm cognizant of the fact that a policy covering half a billion people and around 60 billion euros is never going to be perfect and is going to be in a state of perpetual reform , as per the farm bill in the us . 
  such policies always have flaws that change with the times , there 's never a perfect policy , just a policy that 's good for a certain time period . 
  regardless , i also see nothing sinister in large corporations claiming cap payments . 
  from the telegraph , for instance , the examples given are of large companies such as haribo getting payments for actual agricultural produce , and not committing any kind of specific fraud . 
  similarly , you link to lufthansa and claim they receive large amounts , but it amounts to about 60,000 euro/year according to the website linked . 
  but we have wildly differing perspectives here , i do n't think we 'll ever agree . 
  sorry , but i 'm going to need a better , and more in depth so i can study it 's contents , source than that before i believe it . 
  it 's a five year old report by a radio news station , with no working links to data/research and a video that does n't work . 
  i have n't encountered this cap-airlines link and a quick google turned up nothing , i do n't suppose you have a source for that handy ? 
  no , that 's not what it is . 
   i would reverse your question and ask why you think we need to point it out , why is the burden of evidence on us ? 
  well , the reason i asked was because too often i hear shallow , simplistic , bullshit like ` all politicians are corrupt , they just work for their mates , blah blah blah ' , or ` lobbyists are all evil , we should outlaw lobbying ' and i want to challenge people to actually think about whether that 's true , rather than just continue with their reductive reasoning . 
  you realise there 's a happy medium , right ? 
  i suppose you can point out to the eu corruption you 're referring to ? 
  does the guy who was sent with a message between one terrorist cell and another terrorist cell deserve to get killed , even if he committed no violent actions and was just a pawn ? 
  what about the kid that got brainwashed by his older brother and could 've had his mind changed about the whole thing ? 
  how do you know the person you just shot would n't have backed out of setting up the bomb at the last moment ? 
  how do you know you even have the right guy in the first place ? 
  if you 've got someone in the position that you know they 're a terrorist and you 're in a position to summarily execute them , are n't you also in just as good a position to arrest/detain them ? 
  no worries !, 
  have you tried forming your own political party , working hard to get elected , and then opposing it in parliament ? 
  no , it 's a different concept entirely .
