  the eu has already suggested a [ much greater degree of transparency ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2013/november/tradoc_151916.pdf ) for isds in both ceta and ttip . 
  actually rules for ceta are already much better , and in the last ten years both the icsid and uncitral ( the two premier bodies dealing with isds ) have implemented much broader transparency rules . 
  from my perspective , islam is already in europe so it 's in our own best interests to make it work as best as possible . 
  we 're obviously not going to kick them out ( hell , some of them have been in europe for centuries , such as bosnians and polish tartars ) , we 're not going to exterminate them , so we have to do the best we can to make it work . 
  that means promoting and cultivating western backed interpretations of islam for muslims to follow , instead of essentially relegating such responsibility to foreign ( generally saudi-led and funded ) islamic organizations and groups . 
  respected european islamic centres of learning would be a huge help for this , which is why i get shocked that people reject such notions . 
  do n't they want what 's pragmatically best ? 
  there are already christian ( such such ) universities around , what 's so wrong about an islamic one ? 
  i mean , the floodgates , as they were , are already open . 
  6 % of europe is already muslim . 
  do we want to clamp down hard on them , radicalizing and marginalizing them ? 
  or do we want to find ways to make this work ? 
  obviously there are some ( significant ) teething problems currently at hand with the muslim population , such as the sharp rise in antisemitism you mention , but i 've found that so much in life is ridiculously complex and difficult to make meaningful impact on . 
  this is just one of those areas we really need to try . 
   you hold consistently left wing opinions , so it 's easy to pin you to an ideology . 
  it 's funny , if you go to some posts ( notably those on greece or ttip ) , i 'm considered to be a right wing neoliberal . 
  if you go into topics about muslims or immigrants , people call me a ` cultural marxist open borders advocate ' . 
  i 'd like to think my positions are pretty moderate . 
  i 'm not for open borders , i 'm just believe we should respect the refugee convention . 
  if someone requests asylum , they should have that request processed . 
  if they 're deemed not to be refugees , they should be deported . 
  beyond that , i do n't care what immigration policy a country has provided it respects human rights . 
  does n't seem so extreme , right ? 
  otherwise , i do n't really give a shit unless people are generalizing/smearing an entire group of people . 
  yet people on / r/european create hate threads dedicated towards me because i do n't follow the neonazi ways of people like / u/ramblinrambo3 or / u/evil _ white_oppresor . 
  well we do n't live in islamic countries , we live in secular countries . 
  they live here , they follow our rules , and it 's in our best interests to make their rules as compatible with ours as possible . 
  standing by principles is great , but sometimes pragmatism ( such as understanding that the sheik will best prevent islamic violence by convincing people within the narrow confines of islamic law ) gets us the best effect . 
  i 've never heard any of what i 'm written from a muslim or from islamic sources , this is my own understanding based on personal study of multiple religions and seeking out experts on said religions . 
  islam is not a vertical hierarchy ( like the catholic church ) , it 's a horizontal one where each priest is responsible for their ` flock ' , and who teaches islam according to their interpretation of islam . 
  even the cairo declaration on human rights in islam is up for debate in muslim circles . 
  what the west needs to do is provide a credible counterpoint using homegrown moderate islamic clerics to provide more western interpretations as a guideline for muslims to follow , instead of leaving it up to councils from much more extreme muslim countries to try and set the tone . 
  something so open to interpretations as islam is can , by it 's very nature , not have a single interpretation that can be deemed true or false . 
  that 's actually rather clever . 
  unfortunately for them , i can only hope that ciudadanos sky rockets in the polls and overshadows them . 
  having seen some of podemos ' policies , it 's clear they do n't live in the real world whereas ciudadanos actually has some pragmatic and realistic expectations and plans . 
  a podemos-syriza alliance ( perhaps including ms5 in a few years time ) would be a disaster for europe . 
  thanks for the kind words !, 
  well , that 's kind of the reason i was defending the guy . 
  here we have a moderate islamic cleric who is trying to use his interpretations of islamic holy texts to dissuade people from violence . 
  those young turks ( i feel funny writing it that way , given [ history ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/young_turks ) ) obviously did not have such a preacher speaking to them , and maybe if they had they would n't be acting like such dicks . 
  i 'm not trying to defend the barbaric interpreations of islam here , rather i 'm giving credit where credit is due to a guy who is fighting the rise of islamic extremism within the ( rather constricting ) boundaries of modern islamic legal interpretation , where people here are trying to paint him as `` he wants to kill ex muslims '' . 
  if we want to reform islam , which is impossible in the same way the catholic church has reformed itself multiple times over the centuries due to the fact that islam has a horizontal , not vertical , hierarchy , then what we need to do is cultivate more and more moderate islamic leaders that can pull the entire religion slowly away from extremism and violence . 
  they ca n't all of a sudden say `` no , we do n't like that part anymore '' , because then those with more strict interpretations will move more towards extremism . 
  but gradually changing the muslim communities interpretations of islam to a more western compatible model is considerably more likely to work . 
  concepts like ` community policing ' and ` hearts and minds ' exist for a reason . 
   anyway , your reputation precedes you , and you are a far better discussion partner than i 've been lead to believe . 
  so thanks for not being a dick . 
  you 're not the first person to say this , so i 'm kinda surprised . 
  where do all these people hear about me from , that i get such a reputation ? 
  trying to win by attrition is n't fair !, 
  written words are subject to interpretation - hell , all language is subject to interpretation . 
  islam has such a strong legal tradition for the very reason of said interpretation . 
   the latter does not tolerate the rejection of anything that 's written in its holy book , unlike christianity today . 
  again , interpretations . 
  because no ideology has a ` pure form ' , there are just interpretations and more interpretations . 
   ah , you 're one of them . 
  how should i interpret what the quran for example advocates in chapter 4 , verse 34 that literally says that a man can beat his wife ? 
  the same way the bible condones slavery , but people do n't own slaves ? 
  we each choose to ignore certain parts of certain ideologies . 
   your `` friends '' are culturally muslim , they 're not practicing muslims , just as i was for a time before i made the decision to leave islam . 
  they 'd consider themselves practising muslims . 
  i have no reason to doubt them . 
  i do n't think islam is radical . 
  islam is something that can be interpreted in hundreds of different ways , and the fact that i know peaceful and ` westernized ' muslims is proof that there are muslims that fit perfectly well in western society , and that thus islam deserves a place . 
  they 're not placing restrictions on one side . 
  they 're restricting the attendance to only students , and they 're asking for a moderator to stop vocal protesters . 
  if there was a reasonable expectation of vocal protesters at a pro-islam lecture , i 'm sure they 'd place the same kinds of rules in place . 
  you need to understand the context of the discussion . 
  the preacher at hand was trying to dissuade people from , effectively , taking vigilante action against exmuslims by stating that only the established legal authority can take life . 
  a group of turkish youths being dicks are people that obviously do n't respect that view . 
  i 'm very concerned about radical islam in europe myself , but in this case the only way for muslims to be killed for apostasy ( according to him ) in a western country would be on the condition that muslims are a majority and have created the established legal order . 
  i know many muslims that are n't bigots and who respect the liberal-democratic order . 
  radical , meaning not respecting the western liberal-democratic order combined with bigotry . 
  things are most complex than simple `` you can/you ca n't '' dichotomy . 
  he 's obviously trying to get around religious interpretations that push people to kill apostates , and tell them they ca n't . 
  if only the legal authorities can do it , and the legal authorities are western , he 's essentially saying `` do n't kill people '' , but adapting it to an islamic context . 
  he 's obviously not going to say that the religious book he believes in is wrong , but he will try and find the best interpretation to minimize harm . 
  i would say that , given many issues facing islamic communities in the western world , it 's doubly important to stress it here to stop people radicalizing . 
  i do n't think it 's likely that many anti-islam people are going to show up to a regular lecture about islam . 
  for a lecture critical of islam , it is much more likely that people , to borrow a reddit term , ` brigade ' it . 
  it seems reasonable they 'd play the odds . 
  i do n't think it is . 
  they 're not trying to limit free speech . 
  rather , it 's clear that they were trying to avoid a `` lars vilks in uppsala '' situation , where muslims not from uppsala university travelled there to specifically to pick a fight , and uppsala university did n't have a moderator so it devolved into an argument between vilks and the protestors . 
  hence why their provisions included only local students can attend , and the position of the moderator . 
  none of the suggestions suggested limiting her speech , it seems more like a pragmatic response to what had happened in past such events . 
  i do n't think this was trying to limit free speech . 
  rather , it 's clear that they were trying to avoid a `` lars vilks in uppsala '' situation , where muslims not from uppsala university travelled there to specifically to pick a fight , and uppsala university did n't have a moderator so it devolved into an argument between vilks and the protestors . 
  hence why their provisions included only local students can attend , and the position of the moderator . 
  none of the suggestions suggested limiting her speech , it seems more like a pragmatic response to what had happened in past such events . 
  at the time , poland was exporting brand new tractors to the soviet union , and in return was getting used tractors in return to refurbish and use domestically . 
  this was ` fair trade ' under comecon . 
  in the 70s , krakow was building a skyscraper basically to the glories of communism . 
  they stopped construction a few years later due to time constraints . 
  now it looks like [ this ] ( http://www.skyscraperdictionary.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/skeletonscraper.jpg ) and has been standing there for decades . 
  it 's currently used as a giant advertising billboard , so you could say it exists to the glories of capitalism . 
  there 's a polish movie i watched called `` mis '' , basically a pisstake on soviet times , but half the jokes were incomprehensible to me as a foreigner and it took people that lived through communism ( or whose parents had ) to explain the jokes and how it created such a bizarre and crazy world . 
  i did n't say it was proof , i said that * even * wikipedia had it listed . 
  the youtube video is literally in the article , you can watch it there .
