  i make no generalizations , just something that shocked me at the time . 
  blood magic . 
  at the moment , there is no more authoritative source about ttip than the ec website ( or the ustr ) . 
  anything else is speculation . 
  it 's just a matter of whether you trust the eu or not . 
  anyone that claims otherwise is talking out of their arse . 
  technocratic meetings to come to a politically possible solution . 
  well , that 's what you should expect with due process . 
  if you find a decent place , let me know . 
   `` yourop strong '' or `` poland can into space ! '', 
  too . 
  do you want such comments to be deleted too ? 
  honestly , yeah . 
  they 're meaningless , do n't add anything , and detract from real discussion . 
  that 's exactly what i 'd expect from polar bears that shit in the woods . 
  a bunch are also / r/european people and the like . 
  i 'm not saying there should be * no * articles submitted by it . 
  but there should n't be so many , given its relative importance to other issues . 
  there are definitely people that come to / r/europe with the idea of converting people to be against foreigners and refugees . 
  there are links to stormfront and other forums that prove it . 
  a video of some roma getting beaten up by chinese businessowners is propaganda . 
  it does n't serve any purpose ( except for the police ) . 
  most of the immigration threads submitted here are propaganda , supposed to rile up people against foreigners - the people arne ' t interested in discussion , just spouting bigoted views . 
   in my mind the political consequences of immigration alone are worthy of considerable discussion on this sub . 
  i do n't disagree with this . 
  the problem is that * this is n't happening * . 
  most threads just have stuff like `` fucking scum '' upvoted to the top . 
  most people here do n't care to discuss the issue , they just want to spout their xenophobic and bigoted views . 
  and because there are quite a lot of them , i do n't want discussion here to be disproportionately focussed on immigration , compared to a host of other , considerably more interesting , topics . 
  that requires strict moderation . 
  as i said , those 45 % should be deported . 
  they came here illegally and do n't have a valid reason to be here ( unlike refugees ) . 
  this is accepted by basically the entire population , including governments . 
  the only problem is that the numbers have increased faster than processing can handle . 
  processing capacity is being increased , the 45 % will eventually be deported . 
  i have no problem with tackling the issue . 
  but when the subreddit starts filling up with immigration threads , greatly disproportionate to their importance ( such as the greek crisis , national elections , etc ) , it 's not a matter of ` discussing ' it . 
  it 's a matter of xenophobes and racists coming out of the woodwork . 
  basically , it 's not an issue that is n't already being addressed . 
  it 's just people bitching about foreigners . 
  seriously , what immigration propaganda ? 
  i do n't think i 've seen pro-immigration propaganda posted once on this subreddit . 
  last statistics i saw , some 55 % were refugees , that means over half should be sent back . 
  i do n't think such a number is unmanageable , and certainly is n't as bad as many media-fabricated stories that get considerably more air time . 
  thousands of people . 
  some economic migrants , who should be deported for coming illegally . 
  some refugees , that should be granted protection . 
  but i still do n't see how it 's pressing in the same way that , say , an economic crisis , or a natural disaster . 
  i think there should be stricter moderation , but not to the length of delisting articles . 
  i think we just need stricter moderation on the comments . 
  there are always a bunch of highly upvotes coments saying stuff like `` they 're scum '' or `` how 's that multiculturalism working for you ? '' . 
  delete such comments , leave any comment that has the slightest hint of nuance . 
  a few such nukings , and the worst offenders will hopefully stop . 
   i think this subreddit values low value populist comments yep . 
  and they 're much much much better for it . 
  yay europe !, 
  what immigration propaganda ? 
  how is it pressing , exactly ? 
  it 's not even just in europe , it 's global ( or at least , amongst the rich world ) . 
  how exactly do you define full , if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  there are stories of many cities that are naturally being depopulated having to blow up buildings and make them green spaces as the cities slowly die . 
  is that full ? 
  i guess the fact that i source all of my claims is n't sufficient ? 
  you realize i 've been posting on reddit almost twice as long as you have , and the overwhelming majority of my posts have n't been about ttip ? 
  and you 're a crazy conspiracy theorist . 
  people should n't negotiate trade agreements ? 
  that 's a. . . well , outside the mainstream , opinion . 
  almost no one gets to see the actual negotiating documents , including this 92 % , so the only strawman here is your own . 
  there 's plenty of transparency . 
  this is basically the most transparent negotiations ever conducted for an fta ever . 
  but the negotiations themselves have to remain secret , as i explain [ here ] ( http://np.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/32bdez/my_grandad_reads_the_paper_everyday_and_hasnt/cq9w6y2 ) . 
  regardless , the eu publishes heaps of information that most people do n't even bother to read . 
  the stop-ttip petition has been signed some 2 million times , whilst documents explaining the ttip in great depth get clicked on an average of 2300 times in 6 months !, 
  [ here is the negotiating mandate ] ( http://data.consilium.europa.eu/doc/document/st-11103-2013-dcl-1/en/pdf ) [ here is a website with plenty of info , including the idealized form that final chapters will take ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/press/index.cfm?id=1230 ) [ here is where you can contact the eu about ttip ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/trade/policy/in-focus/ttip/have-your-say/ ) . 
  what 's the eu supposed to do , * force * the leaders of ngos to come to consultative meetings ? 
  abduct them , take them to some warehouse and interrogate them about what they think about ttip ? 
  if they do n't come , or if business are more interested in having public consultations , how is that the eus fault ? 
   i am talking about how mep 's were unable to vote for a new mandate because of `` procedure '' that 's because of the high volume of amendments that were proposed for ttip . 
  there were something like 200 amendments from different meps , and it 's standard procedure when there 's such a volume to postpone the vote , and cull the amendments to only those that are actually supported by a majority of meps rather than just one or two quacks . 
  how bizarre . 
  someone apparently does n't like me very much . 
  kinda interesting that people have to go to such measures to try and discredit what i write . 
  mostly north africans . 
  y' know , places like libya ( which europe bombed ) , sudan , etc. 
  the article is about latvia , what do you expect ? 
  australia introduced swedish rounding some 20 years ago . 
  we still have n't gotten rid of our 5c piece . 
  no they 're not . 
  implying that the genes of brown people are bad for europe . 
  wow . 
  that 's not even xenophobic , that 's just flatout racist . 
  i 've been learning polish whilst i 'm here , but there 's a large number of multinationals ( cisco , ubs , shell , etc ) that operate here and have english as their operating language . 
  they generally pay something like 1.5 x or more of the average wage , which is enough to live * very * comfortably here . 
  there 's a huge expat community here , and in other polish cities i 've visited like warsaw and wroclaw . 
  maybe i 'm missing it , but how and where am i deflecting ? 
  sorry , i meant native english speaker . 
  everyone here in poland refers to english speakers as native speakers . 
  nope , false . 
  from another comment  it 's a non binding provision merely affirming the u.s. ' stance that it 's opposed to boycotts on israel . 
  it wo n't end up in ttip .
