  are you aware how much the military costs , let alone a full blown war ? 
  you want to be a bigger target for jihadists ? 
  what if they 're not from north africa , or you do n't know from which ? 
  what if they destroyed their identification ? 
  what if the country the boat is registered to does n't accept them , are you going to invade ? 
  by un convention , you have to process their claims and let them live in italy until that is finished . 
  which is expensive and takes a long time since you do n't know who they are or where theyre from and you have to validate their story ( again , by law ) . 
  which , ( as you 've read in my other arguments ) means jailing children . 
  as far as board games go , it 's one of the best . 
  in fact , it 's ranked as such by the main board game website . 
  it 's complicated to get into , and you 'll need one or two practice games to really understand , but it 's well worth it and may become an addiction . 
  seems excessively expensive for the mild gains it gives , not to mention harming european relations with countries that currently export a lot of oil and gas to europe , who might otherwise not want to ... 
  you mean the paragraph you edited in after my post ? 
  and your post is stupid , it presupposed that african governments would agree to that , and represents a far greater cost than just letting the immigrants come and supporting them . 
  fuck , it 's neocolonialism even . 
  in fact , your entire argument is full of such ridiculous and blatant misunderstanding of the legalities , technicalities , economics and morality of the situation that it does n't bear going into . 
  ok , so you 're happy jailing five year old kids ? 
  oh , you 're talking about me !, 
  glad to know i 'm so valued here . 
  i 've been living here for 5 years now , and travelled a lot in that time , so i 'd hope so !, 
  on the plus side , at least maybe they 'll release a `` twilight struggle 2 '' board game . 
  wroclaw is quite nice as well , and if you can spare the day for travelling there , zamosc ( wiki it ) is a marvel . 
  well , i do n't think we disagree there at least . 
  so you are also for shooting unarmed civilians , including parents in front of their kids ? 
  that 's the point , if they realise ships with lots of children do n't get shot at , they 'll bring more children . 
  urgh , i need a polish keyboard and to go talk some polish , i 'm so out of practice . 
  how do you think putin takes this revivalist surge of national opinion ? 
  is he likely to act on it independently of his current goals , or only if it coincides with his own current goals ? 
  keep it up , at least until a more authoritative translation comes up or some kind of reinforcement . 
  edit : according to [ this poorly formatted post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/ukrainianconflict/comments/20sxx9/russian_representative_in_the_council_of_europe/cg6guvq ) it 's real  first of all , check that this guy exists : - o , yes : 2008 - 2008 counsellor - administration of the russian president 2002 - 2005 professor at the department of international law - diplomatic academy of the ministry for foreign affairs of russia 1998 - 2002 doctoral reseacher , ph.d. - research fellow - moscow state academy of law moscow , russia 2011 trainee - council of europe international affairs 2010 senior researcher - institute of legislation and comparative law under the government of the russian federation 2010 senior professor - russian state social university 2003 legal advisor - state duma of the federal assembly ( parliament ) of the russian federation show all professional experiences ( 4 ) educational background n/a - 2007 llm - university of amsterdam ( uva ) amsterdam , netherlands n/a - 1992 moscow secondary school 478 n/a phd - moscow state academy of law ( mgua ) http://www.yatedo.com/p/roman+kokorev/normal/dfc76f61be008a3fb358aad853bb2e48[1] http://www.linkedin.com/pub/dir/roman/kokorev[2] second : why everybody so shocked . 
  they want alaska and finland too , very well - act now . 
  move your military assets third : the complete translation http://postskriptum.me/2014/03/19/kokorev/2/[3], 
  then they 'll start bringing more women and children along with them to try and stop that . 
  regardless , you are a fucking sociopath . 
  i 'm done with you . 
  * you 're advocating killing children , whether 2 year olds , 10 year olds , or 15 year olds . 
  * you are just sick in the head . 
  you heard it here first , / u/gobacktoyourshrink advocates ( and wants to ) shoot children . 
  wow , so you support your government shooting children . 
  nice to know . 
  think your soldiers are going to be happy to shoot these people , let alone the children ? 
   they were illegal when they illegally scaled spanish borders without a valid visa . 
  anyway , the vast majority of asylum seekers in europe are bogus . 
  being from a developing country is not grounds for asylum . 
  then what they 'll do is start destroying their documentation and claiming asylum when they 're found out , just as they try to do in australia . 
  in which case , under spanish law ( thanks to them ratifying the un refugee convention ) , they are not illegal , but are rather asylum seekers who have to be protected by the government until their claims are processed - which since they destroyed their documentation , is very expensive and difficult to do . 
   there are over 20 million eu citizens unemployed . 
  these illegals are mostly unskilled and lack the relevant language skills . 
  you will need to provide them with education , training , language support , housing , medical care and a modest welfare stipend for day to day essentials . 
  even then , few will find work . 
  again , the economics just do no work out . 
  jailing them costs more than supporting them with welfare and language training . 
   they are illegal trespassers . 
  if they destroy their documents , fine . 
  we can get linguists to interview them and see where they come from . 
  if that does n't work , they can rot in jail until they cooperate . 
  the word will quickly spread - it 's not worth your while migrating illegally to the eu . 
  very rapidly . 
  how do you prove they came from there , and that they are who they said they are ? 
  how do you get the state they came from to accept them back ? 
  and are you going to send children that come with them to jail as well ? 
  really ? 
  or will you split up families , sending the children to orphanages , and the parents to jail ? 
   if their countries wont take them back , then the eu should cut development aid to these places and apply stringent visa measures on their citizens . 
  when the politicians in these countries find it difficult to visit paris or london for a shopping trip , they will soon change their tune . 
  that 's the point . 
  you do n't know where they came from , they destroyed their documentation and do n't cooperate in the hope they can stay . 
   lets cut to the brass tax . 
  you do n't believe in border controls . 
  you probably do n't believe in nation states or national sovereignty . 
  this is the biggest load of shit in your entire post , which is absolutely full of it already . 
  if there was a solution that worked on legal , moral , and economic grounds i would support it in a heartbeat . 
  but you have n't provided any solutions , all you do is complain about them . 
  please , give me your genius solution . 
  i would love to hear it so we can implement it in australia . 
  incidentally , it 's ` brass tacks ' for future reference . 
  i guess this is where we disagree . 
  i think , regardless of prisons , they will continue coming . 
  there will always be some shithole that people want to run away from . 
  do n't misunderstand me , if it were possible to find a way to stop such entries i would be very much for it . 
  we had a case recently in the waters around australia where some forty people , including children , drowned trying to reach australia . 
  but i do n't want my country , or any country , to create a situation where these people get put into third world jail conditions to try and prevent a situation that is unpreventable . 
  because if this situation goes ahead , will we put these children into these ugly jail as well ? 
  and if we do n't , maybe they 'll start bringing more children with them , that will also drown at sea , just so they do n't go to jail . 
  there was recently a massive controversy in australia over the manus island detention center where horrific abuses were taking place , where rapes by guards are common , and even the other offshore processing solutions australia used in the past have such issues . 
  again , i 'm not for opening the borders and letting anyone who wants come in . 
  i just want to point out how incredibly complex the situation is , and how saying simplistic solutions like ` jail them ' or ` send them back ' is just not helpful . 
  yeah , it 's understandable to be emotional over such cases . 
  this article is talking about boats , i do n't know why you 're bringing up the enclaves in northern africa . 
  that 's a different story entirely . 
  what do you mean , letting european women be exposed to them ? 
  you make it sound like a rape epidemic is coming . 
  so how are you going to pay for it ? 
  it will be immensely expensive to jail all of them , to build the new jails , to process their claims ( according to un convention , you will have to ) , etc ? 
  tatars were deported by stalin because he was worried they would collaborate with the nazis . 
  at present , it seems that [ the tatars would have to leave their homes by order of the government ] ( http://en.ria.ru/world/20140319/188544777/crimean-tatars-will-have-to-vacate-land--official.html ), 
  so what 's your proposal ? 
  what do you do with the ones that get to europe ? 
  because jailing them costs more than letting them ` work and live in society ' . 
  first , they 're not technically illegal if they request asylum , which any of them are able to do .
