  they just rely on handouts and they cause problems in our society !, 
  why did n't they stay in soviet union , where they were safe from the nazis ?!, 
  it 's the first safe country , after all !, 
  well of course it will affect public procurement . 
  but it wo n't force privatizations or anything like that . 
  local procurement is just protectionism anyway . 
  and no , these deals do n't ` override national laws ' and they are n't being written in secret with privileged business interests . 
  seriously , read through each of the links in that subreddit . 
  you 'll learn a lot . 
  even the tpp ones are relevant to ttip as well in many ways . 
  yep , this was my interpretation as well . 
  that directive simply was n't put in place with the current crisis in mind . 
  revoking it would get rid of so many of the issues countries are expericning handling this crisis - no more drownings , easier processing , less chaos at bus and train stations , and it will make deporting those deemed not to be refugees tremendously easier - meaning probable savings on dealing with the ` tolderated ' asylum rejections . 
  as a side note , this is how i would like discussion on / r/europe to be in the future when dealing with the topic of refugees and immigration . 
  pragmatic ways of dealingw with the crisis better , rather than ` first safe country ' and ` theyre just economic migrants ' and so forth . 
  edit : lovely , people coming in and downvoting everything . 
  yes , i have . 
  i wrote my masters thesis about trade negotiation , specifically with the doha round . 
  i 've researched isds intensely , as well as pumping a lot of time into both ttip and the tpp . 
  i suggest you check out my sub , / r/tradeissues , where i 've posted links to good comments about such topics . 
  what ? 
  that was about syrians , no ? 
  i think we can all agree they 're legitimate refugees . 
  hardly surprising . 
  the issues surrounding border security , integration , services , and so on are concerns for everyone in europe . 
  how bizarre . 
  ttip is n't going to take that away , so i do n't know why it 's being raised . 
  edit : i had a look at the group page . 
  it 's full of people responding to their own nightmares , rather than anything approaching reality . 
  the spirit of the convention does . 
  it 's pretty clear that just about anyone fleeing syria at this stage would be a refugee . 
  governments grant refugee applications based on their interpretation of the spirit of the refugee convention , and how they 've enacted that in their own domestic laws . 
  countries like germany and sweden are on one end of the scale that tried to protect the broadest number of people that could be reasonably considered refugees according to the convention . 
  other countries are on the other end of the scale , and try and protect as few as possible . 
  i imagine there 's a lot of issues with that . 
  i mean , you 're going to what security for those people processing , adequate facilities and accommodation , the compliance and help of local governments , etc. 
  would surely be cheaper to just fly back those that are n't refugees , or perhaps even require certain passports to put up a ` bond ' to pay for their flight back if they request asylum and do n't get it . 
  an interesting an article . 
  i wanted to post this so that people would think about the processes of migration , rather than just migration itself ( or even the newest submitted episode of `` refugees behaving badly '' , which seems to be flooding the place today ) . 
  it raises the question of eu directive 2001/51/ec , which basically says that if an airline brings someone that requests asylum in the uk and that asylum seekers application is denied , the person has to be deported at the cost of the airline . 
  as a consequence , many airlines routinely refuse people access to the plane if they think there 's a chance they 'll be an asylum applicant , as then the airline would have to pay to fly them back . 
  this is probably the best thing that we could get rid of to deal with the refugee crisis . 
  but , i think , rather like with dublin 3 , it 's a way for northern eu states to shift the impetus back to southern states to deal with migration , meaning it 's removal or amendment could be a bit difficult . 
  if that 's the case , the eu should remove the policy of penalizing airlines that bring asylum seekers to the uk . 
  at the moment , if an airline brings someone that requests asylum in the uk and that asylum seekers application is denied , the person has to be deported at the cost of the airline via directive 2001/51/ec . 
  it would likely be cheaper in the long run , than providing benefits and support to those that come and are deemed not to be refugees . 
  at least this way , you would also have their documentation so there 'd be no issues with asylum seekers burning their documents before arriving . 
  so by saying that they 're going to respect the refugee convention . 
  so by saying that they 'll respect the refugee convention ( as every country should ) , they 're encouraging people to go to germany ? 
  how do they encourage people to come ? 
  i do n't find the two situations similar at all . 
  you have a bizarre worldview , my friend . 
  it 's not being used as propaganda , it 's being used as * news * . 
  because rich people tend to live in rich areas , and poor people tend to live in poor areas ? 
  not sure how i can make it any clearer , but this seems self evident to me . 
  and it 's not just rich political types . 
  support for refugees remains high in most ( western ) countries . 
  i would n't consider it exploitative and manipulative . 
  if it 's a powerful image , and there 's nothing more newsworthy , i 'd absolutely expect newspapers to print it . 
  you have to have some kind of deep level of paranoia to think this is propaganda . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's news . 
  is it ? 
  i do n't see how . 
  that 's a stretch , to put it mildly . 
  maybe people just want to help ? 
  that was like a year ago . 
  maybe you do n't feel it , but these images have an extremely strong 'em otional impact ' that stirs people that have even a modicum of empathy . 
  they 're extremely powerful images on a pressing topic . 
  i 've been here for years . 
  i have n't seen talk about ` cucks ' and cuckolds here until about a month ago . 
  or we can ignore the rampant racism and exact types of contradictory comments / u/olddoc is talking about , as you 're suggesting . 
  this submission is already brigaded as fuck !, 
  people talking about ` cucks ' ? 
  cmon . 
  more conspiracy theories . 
  ` hey , a dead kid !, 
  let 's exploit this to make europe open borders , and destroy european nations . 
  agreed , fellow newspapers editors ? ', 
  if i were to guess , i 'd say it 's because of a mild and subconscious form of xenophobia . 
  there have been multiple studies done which have shown that people with foreign sounding names are * considerably * less likely to get a callback for an interview . 
  yep , i 'm really impressed by both the german and swedish governments for actually living up to their international commitments . 
  that 's just , like , your opinion , man . 
  i defend my point and expect others to do the same . 
  how is that ? 
  they were overzealous , and very sensitive to not pissing off the right wingers . 
  this is n't where i parked my car !, 
  yes . 
  this is pretty much academic consensus amongst historians . 
  well known racist ? 
  well , you are pretty notorious for that . 
  someone else even had you tagged as such . 
  people say things like `` kremlinbot , move on '' and that 's fine . 
  this is no different . 
  it 's telling someone not to bother responding to someone because their ideological viewpoint is so blinkered . 
  i did n't even say it to you , i said it to the person you were having a discussion with . 
  it needs to be longer if you want it to be a copypasta . 
  well , i 'll have to see what he writes in the future and decide for myself then !, 
   it 's literally a child . 
  sadly , that 's how i view most comments by the anti-refugee people here .
