  obliterating the economy is pretty strong hyperbole , but i agree we should n't damage the ukrainian economy through this kind of stuff . 
  human  european/australian, 
  as someone that 's extensively travelled around europe , the baltics are by far my favourite . 
  say what you will about the soviets ( and there are many bad things to say about them ) , but they lifted the literacy rates in their territories on a massive scale in a short time . 
  even in central asia , a predominantly muslim region , men and women 's literacy rates went up over fifty percentage points in some thirty years . 
  almost entirely populated by brits ? 
  you 're mad . 
  melbourne alone is the second largest greek city in the world . 
  there are massive expat communities of pretty much everything here , the highschool i want to ( pretty much central melbourne location ) had maybe 20 % white people . 
  pretty much all eastern europeans are , from the experiences i 've had . 
  i could n't comment on bulgaria and hurry , but having travelle extensively through the others , and having many friends from them , they 're more similar to british people than people from the commonwealth . 
  st petersburg is more european than eurasian , moscow is more eurasian than european . 
  i think y misunderstood . 
  i mean that the general consensus of academia on trade negotiations is that they have to be secretive , not that the negotiations themselves were conducted n some academically rigorous manner . 
  regardless , the deal will have to be approved by the national legislatures of 29 countries plus the eu , so i ca n't imagine it would pass if there were egregious abuses against the common people , and there 'll certainly be time to scrutinise the finalised document before it 's passed . 
  your questions were he kind that could never be verified or proved and were unrealistic . 
  i pointed you to the answer , you chose to ignore it . 
  if you think i ca n't see pas the ` hey guys , i 'm just asking questions here ! ', 
  style of american conservative talks how hosts , you 're dreaming . 
  no , that 's what i accuse you of . 
  this is a blog . 
  it 's not doubts , i 'm just dismissive of teenage-political-awakening level claims of ` teh corporations are evil ' , particularly as someone that 's studied international negotiation at a masters level and told you where to educate yourself on the subject of this matter in particular, 
  you 're putting forth conspiracy theories about lobbyists controlling governments . 
  perhaps you 'd prefer / r/conspiracy ? 
  aside from that , it 'd recommend you read putnam 's ` two level game theory ' ( and not just the shitty wikipedia page ) and educate yourself . 
  because that requires bullshit conspiracy level thinking , as opposed to the simple , straightforward , and academically preferred reason which i laid out . 
  all international trade negotiations at done like this , it 's the only way to stop every single lobby group of every single industry sector jumping into the process and derailing it . 
  kazakhstan , the home of numerous human rights violations and a member of the sco , an organization that states that a terrorist in one member country is a terrorist in all ? 
  the sco is a known violator of the refugee convention principle of no refoulment . 
  i 'm really curious where that myth stems from . 
  the man in the pub , or did a semi-reputable source actually publish misleading statistics to make such a claim . 
  living there for two years , compared to other western countries that had considerably better and more mature microbrew industries, 
  psh , you guys are still in your infancy . 
  you mean the one that was un sanctioned ? 
  the foreign food in the uk is amazing , but traditional british cuisine is ... bland and uninspired , for the most part . 
  it 's potatoes , so it 's latvia . 
  although i do know some good irish potato jokes . 
  how dare they ? 
  was n't this submitted and removed yesterday ? 
  it said refined petroleum , so i imagine where oil is turned into petrol and such . 
  tell that to antarctica !, 
  yeah , keeping a refugee crisis and reason for radicalization going indefinitely sure is in our interests ... 
  did you forget which sub you were in ? 
  yes , but that 's done outside the role of the wto . 
  through the wto , there are only remediatory measures . 
  in practice it 's the same , however countervailing duties awarded through the wto convey international legitimacy aswell which puts them above mere sanctions . 
  again , that 's not how it works . 
  they 're countervailing duties imposed on goods , there are no assets seized or anything like that . 
  they 're most explicitly not sanctions , only remediatory measures . 
  completely wrong , see [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2dpsi0/russia_bans_ukrainian_beer_imports_over_calorie/cjsfo64 ) for what actually happens . 
  this answer is completely wrong . 
  what happens is that the aggrieved countries can impose countervailing duties to the amount of damage that the illegal sanctions cause after it 's been through the about 15 month ( including appeal ) dispute settlement mechanism . 
  there 's nothing punitive about it . 
  well , the last paragraph i agree with . 
  but as to the rest , i have more in common with a liberal progressive in australia , poland and the uk than i do with conservatives in either of the two countries . 
  i do n't think national character is so strong as to override the myriad political stances we take . 
  yes , but it 's a bit silly of you to assume it would be done through blood , rather than people voting . 
  in fact , that 's pretty much what i proposed . 
  if a common strong european identity takes hold over ye next two hundred years and people vote to unify , why not ? 
  i still do n't get why you 're an absolute monarchist ( or was it constitutional ? 
  i would welcome this , if only because i ca n't stand polish police . 
  when you 've seen a cop start laughing after a polish lady friend reports that a security guard unjustly and unprovokedly punched her in the face and tells her not to bother pressing charges , it 's irredeemable . 
  why would n't it be ? 
  you mean the kind of stuff that has been disproven numerous times ? 
  what stupid laws have they put in ? 
  to explain , mrmysterious95 thinks that companies operating in poland should be polish , and is tired of foreign companies coming in and destroying local businesses . 
  if i misunderstood or misinterpreted , feel free to correct me . 
  yep . 
  if the public wants it then fine . 
  if they do n't , then let 's not push then into a federal state . 
  seems they decided it was better to build it and experience the poor publicity than not . 
  that 's capitalism for you . 
  do n't make this harder for me man , just go with it ... 
  they might start it within our life times , but i doubt they 'd finish it . 
  the nts sourced their article from a conspiracy theory website . 
  parry has been off the rails for a while now . 
  as to bullet holes , i have n't seen that bit the place is an active war zone ... 
  eh , i guess it 's just more of a cultural exchange than anything else in such cases . 
  a way of showing ` hey , not all of us muslims in the middle east want to destroy the west !, 
  what do you mean why they come to europe ? 
  the guy is french . 
  did you really just read only the title and decide to comment ? 
  because shit in life is complex , yo . 
  we live with thousands of contradictions in modern life every day and we never have perfect knowledge so people just do the best they can with the tools they have available . 
  if someone can be a better person with the help of religion , if it makes them happier in life or gives them comfort then good for them - even if they have to ignore some of the nastier stuff . 
  you 're mistaken . 
  germany only left fourth-rate troops with poor armour and air support on their western border . 
  if franco-british forces had moved into germany on the fourth of fifth of september , it would 've all been over for hitler . 
  yep , there 's nothing quite like a district that has a common architectural feel/style to it . 
  as with many others here , i was certain i 'd traveled more . 
  road , ferry , and plane trips all there , but i 'm sure i missed a few regions . 
  if this were a paradox game , i 'd restart due to bordergore . 
  i 'd prefer this did n't , ahem , become a ` safe place ' for racists to hang out . 
  as such , i hound them for it so that perhaps they 'll find refuge in a more welcoming ` free speech zone ' such as / r/european . 
  the more it 's made acceptable for them to come here , the more of them will come here , and this sub will just drag down in quality . 
  it 's already much worse than a year or two ago where there 'd be fantastic discussions on the nature of the lisbon treaty vs constitutional treaty , on cap reform , on the eurocrisis ... and that 's in large part because people keep upvoting articles that allow them to spout their racist garbage instead . 
  i know of a number of users that left over the last three-odd years i 've been in this sub , people that were massively knowledgable about niche european topics and who could share their wisdom , but became tired of the constant racism and left - taking their knowledge with them , and being replaced with endless submissions filled with comments along the lines of `` hurr durr how you enjoying your diversity now ? '', 
  maybe they should stop saying xenophobic , racist , or bigoted things , rather than me calling them out for it ? 
  lord knows i 'd like to talk about other things , but their preoccupation with immigrants and muslims means that 's what gets voted to the top so often . 
  i once had an experience at the deans office in krakow where they sent me to 9 different people and places ( each time being sent back to the deans office ) , before it turned out the deans office was the correct place all along ...
