  the western narrative is n't perfect , but it 's * considerably * more objective than the russian one . 
  i 'd be very interested to see if i can find even a single criticism of russia 's or putin 's actions in your comment history . 
  thanks !, 
  was there any hope for actually saving the shipyard , or was it purely down to mismanagement following privatization ? 
  what happened with the shipyards ? 
  i 'm not racist , but you 're completely correct . 
  especially from the guardian !, 
  i think the downvotes against you are unfair . 
  you 're right , people are n't glorifying serbian crimes . 
  what they 're doing instead , though , is trying to make themselves out as the victim of the nato intervention , ignoring that the nato intervention was over issues of genocide . 
  or they outright deny it happened . 
  or they say that the us did bad things , so the us has no right to criticize . 
  you do n't see german 's running around doing this kind of stuff , which is why no one has to remind them of what they did . 
  it 's not expecting constant apologies , it 's just asking that history is n't whitewashed and an unspoken acknowledgement of what occurred in the past . 
  where do you think the eu * is n't * careful with public opinion and goodwill ? 
  it 's certainly never tried to coerce other countries to join . 
  the thinking was that a light , easy , deal with the swiss would mean that the next time a swiss referendum on eu membership came around , they 'd be more likely to vote yes . 
  after all , the referendum only lost 49.7 to 50.3, 
  yes , but you 're an unabashed russia/russian world view apologist who finds it impossible to criticize putin or the actions of russia . 
  that 's because you have problems understanding how the downvote button works . 
  [ good enough ? 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1zdvc7/why_is_everyone_so_supportive_of_the_ukrainian/cfsvqoz?context=4 ), 
  jeez , i 'm touched guys , really !, 
  [ it was here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1zdvc7/why_is_everyone_so_supportive_of_the_ukrainian/cfsvqoz?context=4 ), 
  awww , cheers mate !, 
  because the current state of your society , the wealth that it holds , and how it got into that position is all based on the past . 
  so whatever benefits it gives you is all built on the actions of your state/society in the past . 
  australia would be a much poorer country than it is now had it not been for white colonization , it 's an unfortunate fact . 
  still , that does not justify the genocide of aboriginal people in australia . 
  so that means that contemporary australian society has to understand the responsibility and debt it owes to the aboriginal people . 
  no , i 'm pretty sure i wrote r2p , not r2b . 
  it 's not necessarily about being sorry . 
  it 's about understanding the responsibility your society bears for what your ancestors created , as i understand that mine decimated the aborigines and stole their land . 
  he did n't deny that , he instead invoked the principle of r2p . 
   we , are . 
  60 comments in less than an hour . 
  that 's not common here . 
  most of that is my drama . 
  i manage to get myself in the centre of that too often . 
  much too often . 
  jeez , i did n't even know about that !, 
  thanks for the heads up . 
  in almost every instance that the russian-georgian war was brought up , people have overwhelming sided with russia . 
  but you 're right , pro russia comments get universally downvoted . 
  i 'm sure someone else would corroborate that the guy used to have austrian flair , as i said . 
  it was a joke , based on how often they get confused . 
  thanks !, 
  have a pleasant evening !, 
  i only had to go back a month and a half . 
  i remember arguing with him specifically because he used to have austrian flair but was defending russian actions . 
  after going through his post history , i saw he was serbian , or at least spoke it . 
  i supposed you missed the part that said ** deleted comments ** ? 
  i do n't know what to say , except that it seems he/she has changed their tune since we talked . 
  oh yes , how dare i refer to prior conversations with someone . 
  i suppose everytime you meet one of your friends , you never make reference to past discussions ? 
  if it 's relevant , sure . 
  edit : wait , wait , i need to look through your history for something before i can reply !, 
  shit , i broke my own rules !, 
  have you heard of res ? 
  it 's telling me i 've downvoted you four times . 
  going through your post history , there 's only one comment i 've downvoted . 
  where are the other three , if you have n't deleted any comments ? 
  no , i 'm not . 
  but if someone lies i call them out on it . 
  secondly , i have eu citizenship so you could certainly say i am european . 
  third , cut back on the insults , eh ? 
  i have no idea why you brought up serbians in general , i have absolutely no beef with serbians . 
  my only problem is with / u/deusdies lying because i even went through his post history a second time and still only found one of the four downvoted comments . 
   crimea recently . 
  i did not support putin 's actions at all , but you ca n't see me approving of eu/us condemning those actions because they do the same thing elsewhere in the world ( especially in the us ) . 
  i 'm sorry , but that 's a lie . 
  you 've deleted your comments , but i did see you supporting putin 's actions in crimea . 
  first , because i recall arguing with you , you used to be under an austrian flag , second because i just had a quick glance through your post history , i 've downvoted you four times in the past but have only found one of those downvotes . 
  edit : [ here is where he deleted his comments ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1zdvc7/why_is_everyone_so_supportive_of_the_ukrainian/cfsvqoz?context=4 ), 
  the aussie flag is ugly as shit . 
  have you ever even been in sweden mate ? 
  i lived there , i learnt the language , i still read the news and contact my colleagues on an almost daily basis . 
  what do you have as a basis for your opinion ? 
  all the people agreeing with me in the topic are swedes , the ones disagreeing are foreigners . 
  and you still think you 're right ? 
  i lived in sweden for 2 years , if you look at what the average sweddit user thinks , they 'll concur with me as well . 
  none of those have the rest of the parties refusing to cooperate with them for being racist dicks . 
  australia from the uk !, 
  australian republik ? 
  because fishstocks move between waters . 
  it makes little difference if there 's a fleet of spanish trawlers surrounding british territorial waters , as being in them . 
  overall , it 's better to have some level of mitigation through the eu limiting how many fish are allowed to be produced , which is clearly broken but not to ridiculous levels , compared to the alternative . 
  well frankly , i disagree , but i 'm not interested in arguing this with you further so i wish you a pleasant day !, 
  yep , because that 's totally equivalent to having your roots in a neonazi party and having your justice and economic spokespeople running around terrorising immigrants and women . 
  enforcement mechanisms are known to be considerably more lax , less attention paid to regulation such as quotas , etc. 
  given they have less than 15 % of the vote , i 'd say my friends are closer to mainstream swedish political views than that of the sd apologists and fanatics in here though . 
  it 's still better under the eu than outside it . 
  it was n't about negotiation , it was the eu recognizing that they had all the leverage and thus giving concessions to the swiss . 
  i mean , it 's completely surrounded , and absolutely dependent , on eu good will to maintain itself as it does . 
  it would have been unethical ( and given the union a bad image ) if they 'd bullied them into something more serious . 
  it 's not even that , it 's usually local port authorities and the like ( and i hate to say it , but particularly in the south ) that allow boats to come in over quota . 
  regardless , the cameras were dropped because enough of the states demanded it . 
  that 's not the fault of the eu , that 's the fault of the member states that form it and ultimately control it . 
  an upvote was n't enough . 
  you made me chuckle .
