  i think that 's just reddit . 
  some days , one comment can get upvoted . 
  another day , the same comment on the same topic will get downvoted . 
  i 've learnt to stop giving shit , despite being kinda disappointed about the downvotes lack of visibility brings . 
  there are some points there i had n't even considered , thanks !, 
  no shit . 
  i think you might be referring to state capitalism, 
  i thought it was a constitutional issue , that the estonian government ca n't take away the citizenship of someone born in estonia , so if an estonian wants to get a second citizenship there 's nothing much that can be done about it . 
  greeks being discriminated against again !, 
  why ca n't i be the aussie version of / u/naurgul ? 
  it 's because you hate greece !, 
  two things that should never be trusted . 
  statistics about russia , and russian statistics . 
  lot of islam and immigration topics up today . 
   now if you try to claim asylum you need to do it in the first safe country and morocco would certainly qualify . 
  the problem is they are n't actually after asylum , but rather economic opportunities . 
  this is commonly brought up , but incorrectly . 
  the whole ` first safe country ' is an ideal to be striven for , not an ironclad ` world law ' . 
  there is absolutely no legal requirement in any country that requesting asylum has to be done in the first safe country you go to . 
  even the dublin 3 agreement just determines where their application is to be processed ( first country of entry into eu ) after a long list of exceptions . 
  they have the ability to claim asylum before a judge determines that , and by doing so they ca n't be punished for entering via irregular channels if they 're deemed to be genuine refugees . 
  poland is pretty funny , given their experiences with lipka tartars have been pretty much overwhelmingly good and that there are few muslims even living in poland . 
  it 's more than just the collective will of the member states , that 's for sure . 
  languages evolve , the idea of racism in society has evolved considerably beyond the scientific racism of the past . 
  he 's one of the black race , white race , muslim race , people . 
  damn mate , sorry to hear that your wife is welsh . 
  i just hate the fearmongering way they present this kind of stuff . 
  i realize it 's the only way to get people off their arse , but goddamn it would be nice to have some links to source documents . 
  i also find it disingenuous how the title is `` your freedom online is threatened by an eu proposal '' , as if it were the eu that wanted an end to net neutrality , rather than member states . 
  good thing it said it was a defendant in a bankruptcy case , else there 'd be a sizable portion of the user base writing stuff like ` how do you like your cultural enrichment ', 
  it takes two seconds to reply to one of your comment . 
  i 'm not interested in wasting my time searching for such a link . 
  as i said , every time i 've seen an austria + gas article come up , this is how they 've been described . 
  perhaps you just do n't look at such articles because they do n't interest you . 
  i 'm not sure where you 've seen me lying , to such a degree you 'd accuse me of it now . 
  no , i have n't , i 've said that a unilateral default amounts to theft . 
  i do n't feel like trawling through post history here , and it 's unfair for you to expect that . 
  i do n't think i 've ever argued that , so i 'm not sure why you 're bringing it up to me . 
  in fact , most people i see seem to have a more neutral attitude . 
  i 've seen it references frequently , particularly when gas deals with austria come up . 
  though , of course , austria is nowhere near as much in the news as greece . 
   also , germany is very lukewarm about the sanctions itself , so maybe they are a fifth column too !, 
  traitors everywhere , eh ? 
  they still support them . 
  when you 're part of the eu , eu interests are partly your interests as well . 
  that might mean sometimes doing what 's good for the eu rather than for yourself , and of course sometimes it means the opposite . 
  i do n't think appeasing a warmonger on our borders is ` in their own interests ' . 
  certainly not medium or long term . 
  everyone has long known that austria is a fifth column with respect to russia . 
  this is n't an article about werner faymann saying the eu should send sanctions , this is about tsipiras . 
  as to german business lobbying , that 's just what businesses do when their interests are harmed . 
  yet i do n't see merkel calling for an end to the sanctions . 
   who let them join the eurozone in the first place ? 
  `` they cooked the books '' , so did everyone else and everyone was fully aware of it at the time , why did everyone turn a blind eye to it ? 
  the eurozone grew too quickly because of greed . 
  i 'm sure i do n't need to go into the german trade surplus and how it became so high ... on what grounds would they refuse them ? 
  the eu did n't have the authority to raid the place and find the numbers for themselves . 
  they could n't just arbitrarily say ` lol no ' or else that would have set a dangerous precedent , not to mention be completely not in line with the treaties . 
  seriously , what could they have done to stop them joining ? 
  mostly , they were rejected as not being thorough . 
  vague promises and commitments , as opposed to meticulously modelled plans . 
  are they literally kicking you out of your homes and stealing your businesses and possessions ? 
  are they denying you political representation ? 
  urgh , sorry finns , but you guys tend to have an atrocious accent when speaking english . 
  i ca n't help but cringe whenever i hear it . 
  are you fucking serious ? 
  experiencing him now . 
   way to go swimming with the flow of the sub by singling out germany when something goes wrong . 
  was germany the only country trying to get russia closer to europe for one reason or another ? 
  who is the figurehead of europe 's relationship with russia ? 
  not cameron . 
  not donald tusk . 
  not carl bildt . 
  no , it is merkel that is at all the peace conferences , whose opinion everyone cares about ( albeit , with a somewhat befuddled looking hollande at her side ) . 
  for better or worse , merkel ( and behind her , germany ) are the ones that are leading diplomatic relations with russia . 
  i singled germany out for that reason . 
   poles and baltics stating that russia ca n't ever be trusted may have its roots in their history and be understandable , but taking this as advice that would need to be followed 100 % will never succeed ( and is a bit bigoted , just saying ... ) . 
  you can not and should not antagonise russia and hope they will all of the sudden turn into a free and democratic human rights respecting reliable trading partner for the west . 
  i think that the poles and balts simply understand russia better than germany ever could . 
  they do n't have the idea that russia could * never * be trusted , but they 're cognizant of the circumstances in which they should . 
  and when a strongman is in power is probably the last possible time when they should be . 
  poland for example has had some shitty relations with both ukraine and lithuania over the last hundred years , yet based on the situation within the country ( this applies more to ukraine ) they knew when to help , and when they should be fearful . 
  it 's telling in some of the responses to my comment , that many people still have a chirac style view of the former east - that they should know when to shut up . 
  predictions of headstrong and belligerent eastern nations holding on to national grudges as the means for dealing with international matters is a throwback to the 1920s , yet these are the standards to which many are viewed in by the west . 
  as soon as germany 's russia policy is criticized , these images are always put forward , but do you really think that latvia , or lithuania , or poland would have such a policy ? 
  more likely , it would be a cautious and distrusting style - as the situation demands , and an understanding that there simply is no fair dealing with a despot like putin . 
  wait for the next leader to come in , see if they can deal with them instead . 
   hindsight is proving them wrong right now but looking back a few years germany 's approach was not as stupid as you seem to think it was . 
  while people like schr\u00f6der has gone near ludicrous in hyping russia and it 's administration the approach of getting russia involved in europe through diplomacy , economy , educational exchanges etc. 
  was promising and it also seemed to work for quite a while . 
  i disagree . 
  whoever was advising leaders about russia back in ' 03 - '11 should be fired . 
  ostpolitik may have worked back under the soviet union , but things are completely different now , namely that russia is ruled by diktat , rather than by committee . 
  for ostpolitik to work ( essentially bring russia under european norms via repeated and constant collaboration ) , there needs to be structure , institutions in place , not just the whims of one man . 
   i 'm going to attribute it to the late hour and a few drinks you may have had , but attributing eastern european hostility towards russia to proper judgement while at the same time disregarding `` ostpolitik '' as failing time and time again could n't be more one sided if you tried . 
  the ever failing ostpolitik was essential for reunification . 
  it was essential for noramalising the relations between russia and germany . 
  it was absolutely essential to normalise the relations between germany and poland as well . 
  claiming that ostpolitik always failed when its historic accomplishments are pretty much undeniable is quite a stretch . 
  i was n't claiming that ostpolitik had always failed , i was claiming that they were applying the same system to a different model and hoping it would work .
