  again , this had nothing to do with the tpp negotiations . 
  if the tpp was finalized and ratified , such terms likely would have been included there , meaning there is no need to implement it earlier . 
  it was only implemented now because that was what the ruling government wanted . 
   laws are being re-written to conform with these treaties , while you and many others are trying to tell `` we the peeps '' to wait and see the final thing . 
  that 's not how treaty negotiations work . 
  laws are only being rewritten to conform to the treaty * when negotiations are finished and that treaty is ratified * . 
  there is zero purpose to doing that beforehand , unless the ruling party actually wanted it . 
  the ideal of ` freedom of religion ' is somehow a hot issue now ? 
  thanks mate , good to hear , 
  right , but my point is the government implementing it now had nothing to do wit tpp negotiations, 
  how do you see it as significantly destabilizing ? 
   changing copyright and trade rules in advance do not help to ratify the treaty . 
  yes , that 's what i 'm saying . 
  if the changes which have been implemented were going to be in the tpp anyway , what 's the point of implementing them early unless the government already wanted it ? 
  it has nothing to do with the tpp . 
  it makes no sense that they 'd implement it now over the tpp negotiations , when the ratification of the tpp would likely put it in anyway . 
  there 's simply nothing to gain by doing it now , short of them already intending to do it , which is why i reject that it 's as a result of tpp negotiations . 
  i 'm sorry , but i just have a higher standard of evidence required before determining that something was as a result of something else , especially when it makes no sense . 
  i tend to only post on things when i disagree with people . 
  i disagree that ttip is evil , i disagree that muslims are evil , i disagree that we should throw away the refugee convention , etc. 
  there is no definitive link in that at all between the implementation of the copyright provisions , and the tpp . 
  it 's an extremely spurious connection . 
  i 'm not entirely sure what that story has to do with trade negotiations , but ok !, 
  maybe you should reconsider my other opinions then !, 
  no one else is edging to leave , or in a position where they 'd have to leave . 
  this is a situation unique to greece alone . 
  i do n't think a grexit will be destablizing for the rest of the eu fundamentally . 
  sure , but a default would mean a return to the drachma , and according to an ecb white paper i read , that would also ( legally ) mean leaving the eu . 
  i actually began playing witcher 3 in polish today , and ordered the first three books !, 
  * ps : christ your language is impossible . 
  seriously , i think every part of it is designed to make it as confusing as possible for foreigners . 
  oh , i agree that remaining in the eurozone is the infinitely better option . 
  but the way you worded your post , it sounded like you were against the referendum . 
  yeah , i can imagine !, 
  i downvoted because of the language , not because i disagree . 
  pro institution offer is fundamentally a pro-eu offer . 
  i agree that grexit would be worse , but it 's still an immensely important decision about the direction they want to take their country , and i feel it should be up to the greek people themselves . 
  the uk has n't had as pressing a need ( nor the requirement of seeking a new mandate ) for a referendum on such an important issue . 
  i would n't put this down as a purely fiscal matter . 
  of course , it 's for the lawyers to decide . 
   no , it actually did n't . 
  what it showed is that the rate of falling is much slower and maybe stopped no , but it 's indicative that the bailout plan was working . 
  breaking news ; agreement reached over troika deal for greece !, 
  i do n't see it as panic , i think it 's that he 's seeking a mandate to accept or reject the proposal . 
  the mandate syriza got from the public was pretty clear , and accepting the institutions proposal would run contrary to that . 
  it 's only fair that the public get to decide when the consequences either way are so large . 
  i think it 's a good decision . 
  it 's essentially a vote on remaining in the eurozone at this stage , and an important decision for which direction they want to take their country - a once a century kind of decision really . 
  i wish them all the best of luck , and a week of vigorous and intelligent debate . 
  like i said , do n't want to make their job harder than it is . 
  / u/dclauzel was n't despised until he became a mod because , well , being a mod is hard and unpopular . 
  i 'm already unpopular . 
  i do n't see how i 'm a fascist , but ok . 
  i 've thought about applying , but i do n't think i 'd make a good mod because i 'm too divisive . 
  a sizeable chunk of the / r/europe population despises me . 
  it 'd just make the current mods job so much harder . 
  recovering well by the way , thanks for the wishes earlier !, 
  they can be discussed openly . 
  as long as what is posted is actually ` news ' , instead of ` small new piece of information about already submitted news ' . 
  alright , let me give you my position . 
  some half of the threads upvoted on / r/europe these days are about islam , and immigrants . 
  there 's no discussion in any of these submissions , just circlejerking about islam . 
  now , if this were purely a news aggregator , i could understand the heavy bias towards such topics . 
  but it 's not , it 's also a discussion forum . 
  and such threads clutter up the place , stifling actual discussion . 
  was this violence ` important ' , in the sense that it is important news ? 
  of course . 
  do we need so many different submissions about the topic all the time , drowning out other topics and matters ? 
  this is what i object to . 
  the mods are n't ` sweeping islamic violence under the rug ' . 
  it 's frequently on / r/europe . 
  they 're trying to get rid of the posts that simply do n't add anything . 
  opposed . 
  i did n't ask if they mattered , i asked why only those two . 
  `` if the people want it '' is a terrible idea for public and open communities . 
  some of us have been around in / r/europe for years , and can recall when there was actual discussion about issues ( i recall fantastic discussions about the cap , cfp , trade policy , referenda ... 
  these days , it 's circle jerk this or circlejerk that . 
  i 'd prefer things returned to that level . 
  if people want a shitty community where people just reinforce eachother opinions , they should make their own damn subreddit . 
  why do only those two matter ? 
  so we should post about murders in small villages and so on as well , then ? 
  cheers !, 
  no one 's denying that they exist , but do we really need half the front page filled up with ` islamic violence ' stories , when there 's so much other news out there ? 
  i 'll try , but i 'm not very advanced in the other languages , and unfortunately i have no idea how to underline on reddit . 
  i approve this message . 
  do we want this subreddit as a place to discussed european news , or as one where we bitch about muslims ? 
  it amazes me how little some people actually think about this stuff , and how easily generalizing is for them . 
  i like it , it celebrates europe 's linguistic diversity , instead of constraining us to english . 
  those that want to read the english can , those that are learning french ( or whatever other language ) have a bit of extra practice . 
  it does n't hurt anything , so why not ? 
   that is the price we pay for a better society . 
  for a representative democracy to work people need to understand who they are voting for as well . 
  otherwise you will not get a proper representation . 
  so i do n't think that is really a argument . 
  it 's considerably easier to read up about your local candidates voting record and stances , than it is to educate yourself about every issue that comes about to a degree with which you could say you were informed . 
  yeah , it 's impossible to balance all the different demands , and all they get is shit on . 
  they do generally good work . 
  ignore the haters , you 're good people . 
  no , jailing them is standard procedure . 
  this is peak bigotry hour on / r/europe , do n't expect things such as ` reading the article ' to get in the way of their outrage .
