  i addressed all of that in the prior post . 
  i think you 're being far too insensitive to the 1 in 100,000 who is a radicalized muslim who wants to convert people , the overwhelming majority are just trying to flee to a better life away from violence and barbarism . 
  i still think you 're one of the shittiest people i 've ever had the displeasure of being in a discussion with , covering up your racism with a fear of radicalization . 
  because they 're in desperate situations you sociopathic fucking neanderthal . 
  that 's why they 're refugees , they 're stuck with no choices in a shitty place and are trying to survive , after escaping an even worse place and everything they know has crumbled to dust . 
  it 's no wonder they try and escape to a country where they 're not going to be bombed , killed , assaulted , raped , prostituted out , et cetera and where their kids do n't have to live in constant fear . 
  second , most refugees to australia do n't pass through even one first world nation to get there ( and quite a few that have n't even signed the un refugee conventions ) , and because we do n't have xenophobia and islamophobia based parties like you , we have [ some of the best integration of refugees who are muslim in the world ] ( http://www.sbs.com.au/news/article/2013/12/13/comment-changing-our-view-muslim-australia ) . 
  but whatever mate , it 's clear you do n't have a shred of empathy for another person . 
  how is it a bad thing ? 
  the guy is a racist who said he would have no problem watching boatloads of refugees drown . 
  do n't bother arguing with him . 
  complete lack of empathy , guy probably would n't even piss on his own mother if she were on fire . 
  how ? 
  where ? 
  how do you know you 're putting them back in their country of origin ? 
  how are you going to violate african territorial waters ? 
  edit : downvotes but no answers , typical . 
  stocks are far from for financial reward . 
  most rope park money there to keep their wealth in line with inflation . 
  the people that try and get reward tend to fail dismally . 
  the risk is generally that the price changes . 
  the risk that the bank collapses is the same for the share holder as the depositer . 
  if the risk is the same , why not bail out the shareholder as well ? 
  no , i 'm saying there 's the same level of risk of the bank collapsing . 
  if depositors get bailed out because the bank collapsed , why should n't shareholders in that case ? 
  they both chose to park their money in a bank that collapsed , they both had the option to put it in a different one . 
  why should only depositors be fully bailed out and not shareholders ? 
  exactly the same kind of risk as those making deposits . 
  i did n't say he was a xenophobe because he was from the balkans , i said he was an exemplar of a balkan racist/xenophobe . 
  maybe you should learn english a bit better . 
  there 's no irony there . 
  yep , you must be 13 . 
  either that , or your mother drank a bottle of vodka a night whilst she was pregnant . 
  possibly both !, 
  wow , what a nuanced view you hold . 
  you must be the pride and joy of your parents . 
  what are you , 13 ? 
  that 's not what i asked . 
  i asked how many is too many . 
  gotcha , cheers !, 
  the independent fact finding report found that it was started by georgians conducting massive artillery shelling of a south ossetian town , but that all sides shares some responsibility for the war . 
  why do you guys keep writing ` reuropeans ' ? 
  ok , then what about the shareholders that thought their bank was being well run ? 
  they lost a lot of money thanks to the negligence of those running the bank ( and it 's not like shareholders get an inside look at the banks operations ) . 
  bondholders of the bank ? 
  same thing . 
  the public should pay for all of this ? 
  you 're saying it 's not the responsibility of the supranational organisation which was responsible for half these problems in the first place thanks to the colonization/decolonization period ? 
  but then , i 'd hardly expect you to be rational given you said summary executions of innocents and extrajudicial killings in northern ireland were justified . 
  how about because they show a shred of human compassion and know they can afford it ? 
  seeing as you 're happy to respond with snark , i 'm happy to respond with insults . 
  listen you stupid racist shit , by the far overwhelming majority of refugees do n't get that far . 
  but the camps they get into in the poorer regions of the world ( most of the mid-east , and so on , given this entire discussion has been about syrian refugees ) tend to be overrun , underpoliced , understaffed , and are majorly lacking in facilities . 
  those places tend to have rampant prostitution just for survival , assaults , and homicides . 
  they 're far from sanctuaries . 
  for those that get to europe , why would n't those that speak english seek to go to the uk . 
  it 's not as if there ' a fucking horde of them , 12,000 places have been allocated in the entirety of the eu , with 80 % in germany . 
  so how about you get off your fucking ' i got mine , thanks to british imperialism and my nation causing most of these problems in the first place ' horse , and show the slightest shred of human fucking compassion . 
  the bathroom was my sanctuary 15 years ago as a teenager , i 'd sit there for half an hour reading because it was the one area of the house i knew i 'd get any peace . 
  well done latvia !, 
  is oscillates . 
  sometimes it 's downvoted , sometimes it 's upvoted . 
  depends on the time of day/week and who is on , but it 's common for it to be upvoted . 
  this subreddit used to have a problem with easily traceable racist brigades , i 'm unsure if theyve gone underground or it 's just more racist these days . 
  i made the point a few weeks ago that i thought it was a cover to deal with welfare reform in a politically acceptable manner , and a bunch of brits jumped on me saying i was mad to think that . 
  i do n't follow british politics closely enough to feel able to disagree ith them , but perhaps you could expand on why ? 
  your post has little substance and much rambling . 
  typically , i 'll have spotify running whilst at home and make some pretty good playlists beforehand based on spotify radio , which i 'll save to my phone . 
  no need to stream it . 
  and if i 'm taking a shit , i generally have wifi or it 's been a while since i had a glance at reddit . 
  easy target when you 're trying to fight off ukip on one hand , and the left on the other . 
  capital raisings and asset sales ? 
  there 's no way that money would be put forward by the government . 
  one need only look at the balkan crisis to see what you say is true . 
  germany being for self determination , uk , france and spain being against . 
  a dismal failure in ` the hour of europe , not the americans ' . 
  still , the foreign policy mechanisms of the eu are still very young and finding their feet . 
  if they have any efficacy in the future , we can only wait and see ... 
  because you 're more likely to arrest johnny foreigner for something , than that local boy who you 've watched grow up the past 10 years . 
  but also , yes , criminals . 
  it 's had various forms of foreign policy for decades , it 's long standing seat in gatt/wto just being one of them . 
  disenfranchising people is a great first step in their rehabilitation !, 
  fracking is n't inherently dangerous , the technology has been in use for more than 60 years . 
  as long as strict regulations are followed , it 's fine . 
  the one true human race , everyone else is untermensch . 
  the camps in the so-called ` safe ' nations are anything but for the refugees . 
  spoken like a true balkan xenophobe/racist . 
  what you said was pointless , stupid , and racist . 
  it did n't contribute anything to the discussion . 
  well yeah , that 's great , but bitcoins are n't used in the myriad different ways that ` real ' money is used . 
  and those different mechanisms require regulation . 
  if bitcoin was involved in the same kind of complex transactions and financial instruments , it would be a different story entirely . 
  the entire financial sector is magnitudes more complex than the barter economy bitcoin essentially is used in . 
  this is a risk you assume with all forms of wealth . 
  how is this related to your original point that it 's hilarious considering what the troika did to cypriot banks ? 
  wow , a whole upvote !, 
  thanks !, 
  you mean how cypriot banks bought greek debt , and when the troika ( rightly ) insisted on a haircut for greek debt , cypriot banks no longer had sustainable balance sheets ? 
  or do you mean the banking system in general ? 
  or do you mean the people within the bank that bought those bonds ?
