  edit : hate western europe ? 
  lol . 
  your claims are without merit, 
  i 've been living in poland lately , i know places where you can get a good pint in a nice bar for 70cents . 
  maybe 6euro for a pint in melbourne , 7 in sydney , 8 in perth . 
  how much is a beer in ireland in your average bar ? 
  i lived in sweden for two years and i recognise the country for the great place that it is . 
  that said , for someone like me it 's kind of boring . 
  the kind of place i 'd be happy to live when i was 35 and settled down ( shit , writing it like that just tells me how near it is ) , but at the moment it lacks the vitality and amenities to really enjoy yourself . 
  the other problem i 've found , and this is something that 's been confirmed by my other foreigner friends and academic studies , is that it 's often not the best man for the job , but the best swede for the job . 
  the studies done have found that people with scandinavian surnames are considerably more likely to be called back for an interview than those that have non-scandinavian , and the sentiment that ` i 'd always hire a swede over a non-swede because i just know the swedes will work well ' is one i 've personally heard coming from swedish people . 
  go to krakow , it 's an almost florentine medieval city in poland with a beautiful main market square ( the largest medieval square in europe ) else , there are ferries from stockholm to tallinn which is also very picturesque and one of my favourite cities, 
  ah , decided to backpack through the most expensive cities i see . 
  always a wise choice for a budget conscious traveller . 
  it should still be warm , but pack a warm jumper/rain jacket just in case . 
  yeah , that 's definitely not polish . 
  i think it 's just random letters . 
  i 've taken to calling it czechia for the last year or so . 
  apparently it 's a more archaic name for it in english , and i think i heard tell that some czech politico suggested the anglosphere use it as well . 
  still , if you know german and english you have a decent head start on learning so many other european languages ( dutch , swedish , etc ) . 
  french does n't give you the same . 
  everywhere you 'd want to go , they speak english or you 'd be able to get by . 
  most people under 30 speak english well enough to have a decent conversation , if not better , and it 's only really those in the countryside or very blue collar that have trouble with it . 
  generally when people say they 're coming to europe for the first time i advise them not to make the rookie mistake of just going to the big touristy cities - paris , rome , etc. 
  as such , it 's a pity you 're so wary of eastern europe . 
  admittedly , i 'm white and so have never experienced any unwelcoming sentiment , but i have known a few nigerians and an indian in krakow and they did n't seem to have any trouble in poland . 
  if you choose to risk it ( i 'm not sure what risk there is , but i 'm sure that if you 're in major cities you wo n't have any problems ) then tallinn , vilnius , riga , and krakow are super cool places - cheap , fun , and beautiful . 
  yeah , i see it every time i catch a taxi home from the airport !, 
  i love how krakow is pretty much always the answer, 
  i have a mate that 's travelled around large parts of central and southern europe working in hostels for room and board . 
  no pay , but it 's a place to stay and there 's usually perks like free beer . 
  he made some money on the side by running pub crawls and getting a cut . 
  i can definitely second krakow as well . 
  it 's a student city and the cultural capital , about a million people where more than 200,000 are students , has more than 400 pubs , bars and night clubs within a 1km radius of the centre , always parties going on , lots of live gigs , lots of great cheap food , beer is second only to belgian in europe ( and this comes from someone that brews their own beer , travels hundreds of km out of their way to try a brewery , and so on ) . 
  walking distance to everything you want to go to . 
  everyone speaks english , it 's a beautiful city as well ( largest medieval main square in europe ) , [ this is what one tiny corner of the main square looks like ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a5/krakow_rynek_01.jpg ) . 
  i studied there for two years doing a master , and if i had two years to party in just one place that 's where i 'd spend ever minute of it . 
  i 'd also say take budapest over prague . 
  prague has become touristy as fuck , whereas budapest still has some of the undiscovered charm . 
  looking over your post , it seems you 're more interested in the west than the east ( particularly the anglo countries ) . 
  trust me on this , as a seasoned traveller , the east is so much more exciting , cheaper , more fun , and less of a hassle . 
  cities like riga , tallinn , and vilnius are just fantastically beautiful ( tallinn especially ) , the balkans are an underexplored gem , and so on . 
  do n't make the rookie mistake of thinking the west is where it 's at . 
  as far as i 'm aware , they 're still marginally active in the uk . 
  hitchhiking or carshare is cheaper , however i did interrail a year ago , i think you could get a tickets that was 14 days use in 21 days or some such and that was such a great experience going denmark , germany , austria , slovakia , poland . 
  i love interrail , but if you 're on a budget and there 's no where you * have * to be then hitchhiking/carshares are your best bet . 
  i know you 're asking for the most cost effective travel , and this does n't answer the question , but have you considered going to some of the less famous cities ? 
  for example , vilnius , krakow , riga , and tallinn are beautiful and very fun , then there 's further south around the balkans that are very interesting places . 
  i do n't know if this is your first european trip , but it 's a common mistake to just go to all the big touristy cities and to really miss out on what makes europe so interesting . 
  i thought to ol was norwegian ? 
  do you like beer ? 
  of course you do , everyone loves beer !, 
  well copenhagen is the site of my favourite brewery 's in the world bar , the mikkeller bar . 
  the dutch are from the netherlands . 
  the danish are from denmark . 
  there 's a very well regarded [ medical school ] ( http://www.medschool.uj.edu.pl/ ) in krakow , poland whose degrees are accepted in the us . 
  it 's rather cheap , comparatively , it 's in english , and from the friends i 've had that have studied there , the work life balance is good and the quality of education very high . 
  in addition , krakow is an amazing city . 
  very cheap to live if you 're living off of ` western ' money , great atmosphere , very welcoming and fun . 
  yeah , but they often do n't give prices or allow you to print a ticket . 
  you 're awesome . 
  much love , dude . 
  most australians would disagree , but yes - they 're both fucking disgusting . 
  vegemite is atrocious . 
  i never knew how people could stomach that stuff . 
  it 's a common joke in europe that americans pretend to be canadians when they 're in europe . 
  ditch the canadian flag . 
  do n't be ashamed of who you are , but try not to play into american stereotypes . 
  no worries !, 
  it 's just that many cities within the same country tend to be very similar . 
  by the second day , the third church , the fourth museum , the fifth restaurant , you 've exhausted what makes that culture/country unique . 
  with luck , maybe you 'll find a few days to squeeze into the east . 
  in particular , i 'd recommend tallinn , vilnius and krakow, 
  first time going to europe ? 
  honestly , i think you 're going to regret many of those choices when you 've had time to reflect after you 're back . 
  many of them will have the same feel , you 'll do the same things , and you 'll get little out of it , as opposed to going through the balkans , eastern europe , and so on . 
  take it from someone that moved to europe from australia five years ago and has lived in three countries and visited almost all in europe during that time . 
  very simplified explanation they * dont * generally work . 
  but there has to be a unanimous agreement by all three parties for anything to happen . 
  til, 
  you would need a schengen , irish and british visa . 
  with that , you 'll be able to travel through all eu-28 states . 
  ( that 's three visas ), 
  and for that reason , all the people that are n't in power deserve to be nuked ? 
  do n't drink none of that frenchie water , you ca n't trust what they put in it !, 
  not european , but i had a pretty damn tasty reuben when i was in the states . 
  pizzas are better in the states too ( but that 's just because they 're larger , considerably cheesier , and cheaper ) . 
  otherwise , even stuff like burgers i found to be better in europe and aus than i did in the us . 
  are you aware that the egp wants to remove funding from iter , an experimental fusion reactor that 's going to be probably the most advanced symbiosis of science and engineering on the planet , and will ensure that europe remains ahead of the game when it comes to cutting edge technology ? 
  is n't most british media traditionally eusceptic ? 
  what i meant was that eu reform has to be pushed from the national level to have any chance of success . 
  i 'd suggest you expand your horizons a bit beyond just those three . 
  i have friends working in vilnius ( in english ) and absolutely loved it , and it seems that krakow is becoming a big hub of international workers . 
  the city is absolutely fantastic to live in , and the ( relative ) wages are pretty high . 
  wishy-washy . 
  wishi-washi seems like a japanese cartoon character . 
  could you expand on what you meant by the radical german left being different to the rest ? 
  67 % split three ways for me , but my party of choice ( alde ) was one of those . 
  surely you 'd be better off voting for national parties if that 's the goal you want to achieve ? 
  i do n't see what the europarl could realistically do about that .
