  i show passion for what i 'm interested in , not for things i have only a passing knowledge over . 
  ` spheres of influence ' are 19th century politics ... 
  i still do n't know what this means . 
  that 's just proof that companies are lobbying ( which is what companies do ) , not that the standards have actually been lowered . 
  what 's your point ? 
  that 's why we have negotiations in secret ( so they do n't know the details and ca n't make specific points to politicize ) . 
  if you do n't want lobbying , change to communism . 
  it 's just a fact of life at this stage , but their influence is considerably less than most people think . 
  i have read through every leaked tpp and ttip document that 's been released . 
  i did n't find any egregious fault in any of them . 
  out of curiosity , have you ? 
  it 's temporary housing in a disused hospital a kilometre outside of town until they find better places . 
  this was posted yesterday and was shat on mercilessly . 
  for good reason . 
  this has been their policy for a while now , nothing new . 
  a bunch of doctors commenting on something they have no understanding of ? 
  colour me shocked . 
  the tpp is even less complete than the ttip is , by a massive margin . 
  which is why from the start my contention has been that you should make as much noise as you can about things you 're concerned about , but not just make lots of ` lol , ttip bad ' posts like this christoph guy does . 
  ehm , just thread the section on 2 level game theory for why negotiation 's have to be secret , a lot of the rest is miscellaneous . 
  that should cut the reading down by two thirds . 
  it ca n't be passed behind closed doors , it 's simply impossible . 
  all 28 member states , plus the ep , plus the us senate have to vote and pass it for it to go into effect . 
  and remember that the ep killed acta when public opposition rose against it once the details of the bill were released . 
  is there anything the egp does n't fucking oppose ? 
  no , people should n't be for or against it until the details of the negotiated deal are released . 
  they 're free to express their concerns , but when people start shouting ` it 's all evil american trying to take over poor europe standards isds evil blah ' then there 's nothing of value , it 's people tilting at windmills . 
  my stance throughout this argument has been pro-ttip , it 's pro-don ` t-be-a-presumptuous-dick . 
  thanks . 
  you have little of value to say . 
  it was n't hidden from the public , the public did n't give a shit . 
  there 's isds in nafta , there was a big hubbub about it then too . 
  but maybe you were n't old enough to notice then . 
  but if it does get past , it could make lots of jobs and boost the economy !, 
  best case scenario , everyone 's standard of living gets better !, 
  that argument does work both ways , and it 's still to decide whether you support or oppose the treaty without any facts . 
  wait until the negotiations are over , then everyone can read the deal before it 's voted on in parliament , and then we can criticize the fuck out of it . 
  it 's going to be the largest eu trade deal in 20 years , every academic and journalist worth their salt is going to be busy commenting on the issue . 
  i do n't think it 's right . 
  i think until we know the actual details of the deal , we should n't judge one way or another . 
  the reason those groups are speaking out is because they 're trying to influence the negotiation process to favour them more , not because there 's anything actually harmful within the treaty to them . 
  trade unions are always against ftas because it means they have more competitions . 
  no country has to have a referendum over this , but it does have to go through the parliaments of the 28 members , the ep parliament , and the us senate for it to be in force . 
  if even one member disagrees , it 's back to the drawing board . 
  what the fuck is an honesty theorist ? 
  that 's not the case at all , did you even read what you submitted ? 
  it says that foreign and domestic groups have to be treated equally in the case of privatization due to the mfn principle of the wto , meaning if a domestic company gets subsidies to provide health services in a competitive environment , so too does the foreign company to prevent there from being an uneven playing field that favours domestic companies over foreign , even though both would provide the same service . 
  or if you 're referring to p20 , that 's saying that if one province privatizes an aspect of it 's health coverage , the federal government can not step in and intervene if another province privatizes the same aspect . 
  it 's not that everything is all of a sudden open to privatization . 
  regardless , that 's only a legal opinion and what have to be tested before it could be decided if it 's even valid in any case . 
  by the same token , why should you be against it ? 
  you 're very fond of downvoting , are n't you ? 
  regardless , isds provisions are in nearly all 3000 + investment and trade treaties in the world . 
  all such treaties are negotiated in secret as well , as i explained to you in the post i once linked you to . 
  you do n't know what 's in the ttip yet , so i do n't know why you 'd be against what it is now . 
  yep , i 've gotten [ messages from them before ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4wemv.jpg ), 
  i think that the brits understand that they 're part of the wto . 
  just your humble opinion . 
  and yes , having studied international negotiation , read through the entirety of the leaked papers , understands the processes of isds and how they 've been used , i do consider myself educated on the issue . 
  everyone is biased . 
  i 'm just biased towards the middle , 
  they released chapters of negotiating documents ; ie : stuff that is n't finalized yet , and is still under negotiation . 
  and even that was a tiny snippet of what is to be contained within the end document . 
  what facts ? 
  you have n't presented any , and the article you posted is easily refuted ( as i 've already done so ) by how dishonestly they portray their sources . 
  because there has n't been any news in august . 
  why would they keep writing about it if there 's no news in august ? 
  you got a link to some proof that they 're trying to lower them to the lowest common denominator ? 
  because that 's the point , * we do n't know yet what 's in the ttip * . 
  alternatively , we should refrain from fear mongering or giving false hope until we know the actual contents of the deal . 
  except the people running the site you linked to also do n't know dick . 
  they even admit that they do n't know in the q&a section . 
  do n't bother , just look through the guys post history . 
  he 's rabidly anti-american . 
  true , that would be a better way of putting it . 
  i should rephrase it as ' i think it 's unlikely they 're going to back down on the ban for the purposes of the isds , and know enough about the case to put provisions in to prevent such an occurrence ' . 
  i feel dirty upvoting you , but at least you 're reasonable on this topic . 
  yes , i would say that most of the population do n't know what they 're talking about with respect to the ttip , and just base their opposition to it off of fear-generating headlines and so on . 
  it 's extremely easy to think ` this treaty is going to be bad ' because it does n't take any thinking at all . 
  but to examine why it might be good or bad , outside of the constraints of ideology be it neoliberalism or anti-globalist or what-have-you , takes education and a genuine interest . 
  something 99 % + of the population do n't have . 
  stop-ttip is a terribly biased source . 
  yes , i do and did from what i read of it . 
  i do n't have any special knowledge on the subject of digital rights and the like , but it seemed much of the stuff in there was rather bad for the public . 
  corporations are designed to make profits , true , but they 're built on people . 
  i do n't think it should be forgotten that there are people that run the show , and most of us would certainly take issue with doing immoral actions for the sake of corporate profit . 
  no , they ca n't . 
  as i said , the eu has had costly and time consuming fights in the wto over the subject , it 's unlikely they 'd back down on it for the ttip . 
  the isds clauses do n't allow them to sue for just anything . 
  heh , if i needed the money i might 've considered it . 
  but no , ever since i covered wto negotiations with respect to the cap for one of my masters theses , i 've kept an active interest in the subject . 
  the eu can already import non-hormone treated us beef . 
  it 's hormone treated beef that 's banned , and i doubt they 'd change that in the ttip given for how long ( and how expensively ) they 've been fighting it through the wto . 
  i do n't have an agenda . 
  i frequently comment on topics that i have an interest in , both personal and academic . 
  you 're the crazy guy that hates americans ( seriously , look at his post history ) and accused me of being a us shill . 
  i did n't post anything pro-acta last year , so i do n't know why you 're saying that , but forgive me for commenting on topics i have some academic knowledge of and have an interest in . 
  i do the same for russian energy policy , regionalization in central asia , the cap , and wto trade disputes . 
  i generally back up my opinion , as i did in the post you just responded to where i specifically linked to the document they drew their source for that claim from , and showed how they misrepresented it . 
  / u/otheropinion is quite possibly mentally ill .
