  i do n't remember where exactly , but as i recall some 80-90 % of olive oil is directly or indirectly controlled by the mob , who cut it with much cheaper things like vegetable oil . 
  i do n't need to swear , it just seemed appropriate . 
  now do you have any actual comments about how you misrepresented the ethyl case , or are we done ? 
  so that does n't answer my question , which is specifically why those rejected do n't get deported and what happened to them . 
  but they can do that in domestic courts as well . 
  should we thus get rid of domestic courts too ? 
  i have n't read it . 
  but i have seen other migration watch analyses in the past and have noticed glaring methodological errors , to the point i simply do n't trust them as a source anymore . 
  no , but this is a discussion forum and if you substantially change what you post , you kind of break that . 
  you did n't add a little bit of extra information , you made it 7 times larger . 
  chill the fuck out guy . 
  the only agenda i have is that i 've personally studied international trade negotiation , and have covered a few isds cases . 
  i 've written masters theses on such topics , and i disagree with reddit consensus . 
  they already can be in domestic courts , we do n't suddenly do away with domestic courts as well . 
  i 'd propose pressuring the home office , not looking for other , equally non-credible , statistics . 
  migration watch are horribly biased . 
  that case was dismissed . 
  frivolous , long shot , and against the public interest cases happen all the time in domestic courts as well that costs the state money , we do n't suddenly decide to throw them away because we recognize that they 're in the extreme minority . 
  do n't edit your post after you submit to substantially change the content . 
  i have n't studied the other cases , but you 've completely mischaracterized the ethyl corp case . 
  canada imposed the ban * despite * both the canadian health and environmental department not supporting the ban ( in fact , they said that it posed no danger to human health ) if i remember about the metalclad case as well , it was that when the mexican state privatized the assets they agreed to take on all health liabilities arising from the near century of pollution at the site . 
  sources mate , sources . 
  as i said , * average * . 
  it might even go as high as forty million . 
  still not an insurmountable sum . 
  well they 'd likely be able to do that in domestic courts as well , we do n't choose to get rid of domestic courts as a result . 
  regardless , the average isds case costs eight million dollars . 
  hardly an insurmountable sum . 
  well , the reasoning why is kind of important no ? 
  are they just being detained until their origin can be established ? 
  or are they let run free ? 
  the two are obviously not the same situation . 
  well , it 'd certainly be interesting to see why they have n't been deported . 
  purely speculating , i imagine it 's not because eu countries do n't want to , but rather because they ca n't reliably identify which country those people came from . 
  regardless , it flies in the face of the idea ( as put forward by the person i was responding to ) that rejected applications are n't deported as a sizeable chunk are . 
  well it 's actually standard practice to postpone a vote if there are a high number of amendments , whilst the ones that do n't have popular support are culled . 
  it 's then scheduled for a later date , and this vote just happened to be scheduled for after the greek crisis was expected to have been resolved . 
  there 's nothing shady going on here . 
  got any proof that those whose asylum applications are denied are n't deported ? 
  edit : ah , i could 've guessed you were an / r/european poster . 
  what behavior ? 
  you know it will be public for more than a year before it 's even voted on by the ep , right ? 
  some of the fears you people have about ttip are astounding . 
  because he 's rarely , if ever , constructive . 
  he 's certainly charismatic . 
  it 's just a pity he abuses that how he does . 
  why are we fucked because ttip is coming ? 
  from the [ eu ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/trade/policy/in-focus/ttip/about-ttip/questions-and-answers/index_en.htm ) ;  ** will ttip force the eu to change its laws on genetically modified organisms ( gmos ) ? 
   the eu has a strict system for deciding whether to allow companies to sell any given gmo in the eu . 
  this is entirely separate from trade negotiations . 
   the eu basic law on gmos - including the european food safety authority 's ( efsa ) safety assessment and the risk management procedure - is not up for negotiation . 
  it will not change as a result of ttip . 
   scientists at the efsa assess all applications to sell gmo products in the eu . 
  eu governments then consider their findings before deciding whether to approve the application . 
  so far , they have authorised 58 gmos . 
   regulators in the eu and us already exchange information about gmos - on policy , regulations and technical issues . 
  ttip could help them do so more effectively . 
  this would help limit the effect on trade of our different systems for approving gmos . 
  how was he doing that , sorry ? 
  one of my better discussions , to be sure . 
  mine was n't meant to be substantive , but if he wanted to argue against it he should 've said more than an `` i disagree '' unless it 's a top level comment . 
  ministry of truth . 
  so why do n't you link to that ? 
  so nothing at all to do with the topic at hand . 
  no , it 's nice to sit on my high horse of relying on empirical and verifiable evidence , and basic respect for human decency . 
  it 's a new account so i think they 've deleted one of the past ones . 
  in the context of my comment , i 'm not sure how flattered i should be but in my usual chirpy self and seeing your comments in the past , i 'll take it in the best possible way !, 
  only if deleted by mods , not by themselves . 
  ah , so that which is n't common in the slightest , and often at odds with nuanced facts . 
  i can but hope . 
  so anything to do with being a decent human being . 
  i can respect that . 
  yes , this is at the heart of democracy . 
  again , * write and present an argument yourself * . 
  no one has time to read through piles of documents that someone presents absent any kind of context or motivator . 
  i 've read plenty about it . 
  i 'm an economist by education . 
  just because you find one guy to agree with a vague viewpoint you have , does n't mean you 've presented an argument . 
  fixed . 
  this is not an argument . 
  yes . 
  exactly . 
  probably because like / u/llanita , they write controversial and offensive things , antagonize people , and do n't like to leave a record . 
  proven sociopaths ? 
  the guy has always been a decent poster . 
  you , on the other hand , happily jump into any random conversation to insult or belittle people as you did with me today [ here ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3cepxr/a_yes_vote_in_greece_would_have_condemned_the/csuwbkk ) . 
  i 've read plenty . 
  why do n't you actually add something that explains why you disagree , instead of shitposting ? 
  got anything substantive to add , or is that it ? 
  and much like tsipiras and syriza , he is a clown and his party is filled with them . 
  i 'm only not downvoting you because i 'm going to presume you have the human decency to at least be sarcastic in this situation . 
  liberalized trade being a net good is economic consensus . 
  unless you think all of economics is neoliberal , you 're wrong, 
  i 'm not neoliberal and i absolutely detest breitbart . 
  guess you can point to how i 'm neoliberal , or is this the best you have ? 
  edit : oh , a new account . 
  which banned user are you again ? 
  there 's a reason people love 90s krugman and hate contemporary krugman . 
  back then he was an economist , these days he 's a political hack relying on past glories . 
  the troika has to continue negotiations almost no matter what , it 's never in their interest to stop .
