  you 're conflating refugee policy with immigration policy . 
  they 're two different things . 
  oh come now . 
  i 've seen plenty of reasonable criticism of immigration in sweden . 
  the problem is that it 's so terribly drowned out by unreasonable criticism , and hence the knee-jerk reaction . 
  if the anti-immigration people would learn to shut their stupid members up , perhaps a solution that 's workable would come about . 
  but instead , they give their voice to the party you just have to love to hate , sverige demokraterna . 
  this is a party that has had non-stop controversy over how crazily racist they are . 
  they have racist incident after racist incident , such as the time their justice spokesman and economy spokesman ( both mps ) were caught [ running around harassing foreign-looking people with slurs and blunt objects ] ( https://danielerikvalentin.wordpress.com/tag/sverigedemokraterna/ ) , where their [ mps get caught describing darker-skinned people as monkey ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20130426/47570 ) , where an [ mp who claimed he was beaten and robbed of his backpack by immigrants ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20121129/44726 ) had in actual fact been helped by two immigrants back into his wheelchair , and he had actually just forgotten it at the restaurant he was in ( this very same charming fellow also abused the guards at the riksdag ) and at least [ used to get , if they do n't still currently , a lot of it 's funding from out-and-out racists ] ( http://www.expressen.se/nyheter/sverigedemokraterna-far-miljoner-av-rik-rasist/ ) and that has it 's roots in the swedish neo-nazi movement . 
  many of these mps have been kicked out in recent years for ` ruining ' the party 's image , and it 's certainly trying to seem like a respectable party , but a polished turd is still a turd , and they poison the whole debate . 
  the only thing behind the so called ` censorship of anti-immigrant opinions ' is the xenophobes and bigots that keep shouting out racist and bigoted things . 
  sweden does n't have an open border policy , and no one has seriously suggested that they should . 
  `` hey , we should n't let the sami be part of sweden , they have a different culture than the rest of us '' `` hey , we should n't let left wing people be part of sweden , they have a different culture than the rest of us '' `` hey , we should n't let scanian people be part of sweden , they talk funny '' . 
  ok , the last is kind of reasonable i guess ... 
  optimistic . 
  lets hope you 're right . 
   all eu institutions should work on having more presence in the media and look to communicate with the electorate more directly . 
  this would just be painted by the torygraph and others as `` eu wasting money '' , like the myth busting thing was labelled . 
  jesus , i 've never seen that , but that 's a horrifying attitude . 
  seems that countries play fair with military contracts when they do n't have their own national champion . 
  from a comment of mine in the past : take the boeing-airbus spat . 
  in '92 the us unilaterally withdrew from an agreement with the eu on how to handle large civil aircraft ( lca ) trade and subsidisation , an agreement that was supposed to stabilise market share for the respective aircraft manufacturers . 
  airbus had been slowly taking on market share up to 92 ( and beyond ) to the point that the us decided that liberalized trade was n't in their interest and cancelled the deal . 
  a short time later , the uruguay round went into effect creating the wto which prompted the us to take the eu to court for illegal lca subsidies on multiple occasions ( the eu always countersued , pretty much a day later - it seems they always were prepared but never wanted to take the first shot ) . 
  both eventually won parts of their cases , and the process repeated a couple of times . 
  wto laws when it comes to dispute resolution require an outcome in a relatively short time ( around 12-18 months is the longest it can take , depending on appeal , if i recall correctly - forgive me , i 'm not at home so do n't have access to all my old notes ) . 
  the complexity involved in the case made the short timeframe woefully insufficient for full comprehension to deal with the myriad claims and counter-claims involved , it was a good old fashioned exercise in flinging shit at the wall and seeing what sticks . 
  i browsed through one of the documents that involved suggestions and recommendations from supporting wto members , and it was more than a thousand pages of disjointed legalese full of advising member opinion , notes , etc. 
  the problem on the side of the eu was , though , that the pentagon pretty much implicitly subsidized boeing which the eu could n't do with eads ( airbus ' parent company ) due to the different way that military procurement occurs in the two areas . 
  this was particularly evident with the mid air refuelling aircraft contract that was started in the early 2000s , worth about a hundred billion dollars . 
  boeing initially won the deal , but an ethics scandal involving boeing bigwigs and air force personal scuppered the deal . 
  following a renewed round of bidding , eads won the contract to work together with an american company , northrop-grumman , with the major winning factor being increased fuel capacity . 
  analysts said that eads was the clear winner . 
  boeing immediately launched a massive public relations and lobbying campaign about american jobs , and sent a number of protest points to the us government calling for a re-tender . 
  this was eventually accepted , and this time northrop-grumman pulled out of the partnership for the bidding ( interestingly , the timing coincided with a change of leadership in northropp-grumman ) . 
  eads soon followed suit , claiming that the new terms of the tender were designed to clearly favour boeing by having the planes be smaller . 
  most industry analysts were shocked by the decision , and following a meeting between sarkozy and obama , the tender offer was extended by 60 days . 
  eads once again lost , and did n't contest because they said it was clear that there was overwhelming political pressure to award the contract to boeing , as well as flagrant institutional bias towards that outcome . 
  winning the original bid due to fuel capacity , but then losing because they wanted smaller planes ? 
  does n't seem to make a great deal of sense . 
  you think ? 
  i have no idea how bacchus87 is using liberal , but he seems to be an english nationalist that hates things like sjws and seems to be the clamouring to get out of the eu and turn back to the commonwealth in a show of british imperialism , in which case both of those things would not be considered ` liberal ' to them ( again , assuming that 's how he meant it ) . 
  doin the god 's work , son !, 
  how do you define ` non-liberal ' ? 
  i often get into discussions about how the uk is completely unimportant to the commonwealth these days , and opposing the anti-ttip circlejerk and still have n't been banned . 
  no , that 's not why . 
  it 's silly to deny that lobby groups ( whether ngos or companies ) have power . 
  for the post i was referring to earlier , [ this is some of the reasoning why trade negotiations have to be secret ] ( http://np.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/32bdez/my_grandad_reads_the_paper_everyday_and_hasnt/cq9w6y2 ) . 
  sure . 
  if , once it 's public , it 's bad like acta we should reject it . 
  i like the idea that one day there 'll be a wikipedia article for ` the savannajeff argument '' . 
  how are they doing that ? 
  you mean actually taking part in the public consultations , calls for submission , and the like that the eu is begging the public to use ? 
   not quite . 
  spain had less debt and they still got into trouble . 
  belgium had more and they did n't . 
  and the schemes they implemented and the problems they had were different . 
  we should n't blame that when the cause was poor governance . 
   the crucial element that caused trouble for euronze countries was the absence of a central bank willing to back them up when it mattered you 've never studied economics , have you ? 
  central banks focus on price stability for a reason . 
  i miss / u/txampion sometimes . 
   by and large seem to agree austerity does n't work this is a massively reductive of what they 're actually generally saying . 
  austerity is n't just one measure , it 's a whole range of different measures - some of which are appropriate at various times , and inappropriate at other times . 
   and that russia has valid concerns when it comes to nato expansion this is very much minority view . 
   i like your contributions here sometimes but you do give me the impression you have disdain for ordinary people and are some sort of wannabe elitist . 
  i just believe that people should n't begin talking about areas outside their speciality . 
  i do n't comment about a bunch of topics , not because i 'm not interested , but because i know i do n't have an informed opinion . 
  the only time i 'll comment on those ones is if a specialist has relayed to me certain knowledge ( for example , someone working in the migration office in sweden relaying to me their procedures and justifications ) . 
  the public in general should also understand its limitations . 
  and in many areas they do , they do n't self diagnose but rather go to a doctor . 
  they do n't represent themselves in court , they go and see a lawyer . 
  but for some reason , this same respect for expertise does n't translate to myriad other areas of society . 
  because there should be some wiggleroom in case of disasters or prolonged crises . 
  if greece had been at 60 % debt-gdp when the crisis began , they would n't have the problems they had now . 
   only if you can negotiate with your creditors , because that gives you the option to default without budget cuts . 
  because populist and popular are two different things . 
  popular are just things that have support of the public . 
  populist are simplistic and unworkable solutions to complex problems that sounds appealing to the public , sayings things that sound popular but in essence harm the public good . 
  stuff like ` we should increase prison sentences and reinstitute the death penalty ' tends to be popular with the public , but research shows it does n't work and does more harm than good . 
  the debt to gdp ratio is irrelevant , all that matters is the primary surplus . 
  a primary surplus that maintains stable debt levels . 
  oh yeah , highlight the ` for their own ends ' and ignore the ` blatant manipulation ' part . 
  your post implies that , once such a level is reached , everything will just stay the same . 
  i disagree with all populist movements - blatant manipulation of the public for their own ends . 
  i 'd say changing greece from having 14 % + deficits , to beginning to post primary surplus ' , is quite strongly indicative that they are fixing greece and the unsustainable budget deficits they 'd had for decades . 
  the whole point of fast track is that congress can make no amendments to the deal , they can either vote yes or no . 
  if amendments can be made , there has n't really been a deal - negotiations go back to the drawing board the second congress demands an amendment - such as the proposal that trading partners not be allowed to boycott israel . 
   which has outlined that it infact does not help the economy all that much and can lead to a few problem how is that ? 
  it 's nothing of the sort . 
  how do you see it as an americanization treaty ? 
  all trade negotiations are done in secret , and the eu releases a metric shit ton of information - negotiating mandate , policy goals , expectations , not to mention continuous requests for public submissions and comments . 
  it 's secret for very good reason . 
  sadly , i 'm on my phone and hence ca n't link , but all trade negotiations are conducted in such secrecy . 
  i 'm just angry that the tpa was shot down for such poor reasons . 
  if they were good reasons , i 'd understand . 
  but this , this was just dumb . 
  you 're happy that an agreement , which has been rather rigorously modeled to provide significant economic benefit to europe , is on its last legs ? 
  i do n't love ttip . 
  the problem is the tpa was shot down for bad reasons , not good ones . 
  simple populism .
