  i have never seen ... whatever this is ... in poland , and i 've spent much time there . 
  you do n't even wan na try polish kebabs . 
  it 's like they took everything good about a kebab and inverted it . 
  zapiekanka is amazing drunk food . 
  the european commissions website on ttip is the only decent source . 
  see above . 
   drowning out questions and concerns touching sovereignty and identity , among other concerns . 
  i find these concerns a bit ridiculous myself . 
  sovereignty is n't lost in these agreements - any country is free to withdraw themselves from them to implement whatever laws they want - though losing the benefits . 
  this kind of argument always seems like a fundamentally isolationist one from my perspective . 
  as to identity - that 's a trickier one . 
  i 'm a rather international person . 
  born in australia , lived last 7-8 years in europe in a couple of countries , my friends are all from different countries . 
  so to me , identity issues are fundamentally ones about control - controlling how * others * in the country live their lives , to hold themselves to some ideal of the national identity . 
  in poland , pis operates as if they 're the arbiters of what is truly polish and what is n't ( just witness their statements about how they do n't want foreign concepts like cyclists and vegetarians subverting the country ! ) . 
  i was in estonia a few years ago , and my friends translated the tv voxpop interview - `` anyone that leaves estonia to work or study somewhere else is a traitor in my eyes '' . 
  these are the fundamental conflicts ** in my eyes ** - on the one hand , you have groups that want to dictate how others want to live their lives - protection of national identity , instead of the ` reform , progress , growth ' you mention . 
  stagnation . 
  decadence . 
  on the other , a move away from restricting peoples choices . 
  letting people be who they want to be , work where they want to work , live how they want to live - this is the globalist ` ideal ' , you could say , from my perspective , and where we 're heading ( albeit possibly with temporary losses to richer western countries ) . 
  this comes with two caveats - ( i ) of course their concerns are valid and genuine , and they play out and have strong impacts on both the polity and society . 
  ( ii ) movements in this area obviously have to be managed very carefully , and at times stunted so as not to provoke backlash . 
  but my view is ` ever forwards ' . 
   the language of economics has juxtaposed with the political entirely , they are indistinguishable , people can hardly be blamed when they rehash the mystique of `` progress '' '' reform '' or `` growth '' , supporting or opposing them , that 's the ideological background noise we are all subjected to . 
  in history , politics , and economics , there are always those that lose out . 
  it 's unfortunate , and why i support kaldor-hicks or even pareto efficiency distributions to try and compensate the losers . 
  but there are always casualties - whether through regression ( protectionism leads to a less competitive economy , does damage in the long run ) , or progression ( liberalization leads to a more competitive economy , does damage in the short run ) , or even standing still . 
  why i support these strong trade liberalization views is similar to the ones that i 'm a paying member of the greens ; i 'm aware that in the short run , transitions away from fossil fuels will be difficult and costly - but in the long run , we 'll win out . 
  even if i 'm not going to get the benefit of that . 
  sorry if this is all a bit high-concept instead of practical views at the moment , but it 's necessary to frame the next section ; there are practical , studied , and understood mid-long term benefits of this trade , which should directly go to the heart of your ` what kind of jobs ' question ; the comparative advantage for western countries is their massive investment in people . 
  it 's the west that has the world 's most renowned , largest , and prestigious global auditing and accounting firms , banking and investment services , research and development labs , management and consulting groups , advertising and media moguls , entertainment industries . 
  those are the services we provide , because we have attained that level of education , experience , and reputation in our societies that other countries ca n't match . 
  so we sell them those services , and we get consumer goods in return . 
  if we can provide those services to a rubber duckie manufacturer in vietnam , they can expand their customer base , invest in new facilities and new avenues , and cut unnecessary overheads . 
  we both gain from this . 
  we 've ` sold ' our services to a vietnamese company for a hefty sum , and that vietnamese company can now make more money and gain greater market share . 
  this to me is the benefit of liberalized trade , and my view is obviously a bit simplistic , flawed , and perhaps even callous - we do n't * need * to ensure minimum wage and conditions for factories when we liberalize trade - specifically because we should be taking advantage of the above specialization . 
  for those that lose out when we liberalize trade ( those currently working in non-competitive manufacturing for example ) , we should have strong policies in place to help them adjust . 
  but we also should n't let them hold back everyone else . 
  i may have rambled and gone off on tangents , forgive me . 
  i 'm a member of the australian green party , support universal healthcare and affordable tertiary education for all . 
  the thing is , i 've studied economics , i wrote my masters thesis on trade agreements ( as mentioned above ) , and there are some things that are clearly * better * for society and some that are * worse * . 
  unfortunately , popular understanding is frequently on the wrong side , which is why i seem like some crazy neoliberal . 
  i do n't advocate the removal of governments or regulations willy nilly , only targeted increases and decreases to gain the best effect for the public . 
  there 's a great quote about economics ; `` you know what the problem is with being an economist ? 
  everyone has an opinion about the economy . 
  no body goes up to a geologist and says , ` igneous rocks are fucking bullshit . '', 
  my bad, 
   let 's stop them from doing that instead of just getting rid of the corporation tax . 
  how ? 
  i mean , if you stop them passing on the combined corporation tax of about 30 % in germany to the consumer , profits will slump - meaning less money for investment , less money for jobs , less money for wage increases . 
  what you 're proposing would actually cause an economic crisis . 
  taxes are a cost to a company . 
  you want to drastically increase their costs !, 
  what ? 
  i mean the costs of the tax on the company get passed down to consumers in higher prices and so on . 
  so the public is the one that is really paying corporate taxes , not corporations . 
  i 'm saying it 's kept secret that long so that there 's as large a chance as possible for the negotiations to conclude . 
  it 's in the publics interests for the negotiations to conclude ( as opposed to die out ) , because then the public at least has a choice between an agreement and no agreement . 
  it also leaves us with capital gains , estate taxes , stamp duty , etc which fall almost exclusively on the rich, 
  the problem a lot of people have in this thread is differentiating between the negotiations , and the agreement . 
  for the negotiations , yes , i do think they should have more of an input than politicians . 
  but it 's not as you think . 
  a single representative who 's under strict ndas and security clearance of theirs might be involved in consultations over how certain provisions may or may not effect the industry - seeing as negotiators are n't omniscient and are n't experts on all subject matter - but that 's not the same as ` the company ' being informed about the agreement . 
  for the agreement itself ( that is , when the negotiations have finished and it 's time to ratify ) , the corporations have basically no power and a little influence , whilst the politicians have all the power . 
  which is why during negotiations , negotiators are going to try their darndest to make sure the final agreement looks acceptable to politicians . 
  seems pretty apt . 
  no , i 'm just at work so ca n't give long answers . 
  i also seem to recall discussing this topic with you past , and had the impression you were someone that does n't change their opinion . 
  anyway , the reason that was long was to put it in very simple terms , not to obfuscate or confuse . 
  you have n't understood the post at all . 
  what 's my apparent political stance ? 
  nothing but shitpost on reddit and eat onions, 
  yeah , and i explained why their involvement is n't nefarious above as well, 
  basically all legislation is also ` drafted in secret ' before being presented to the public . 
  should all legislation be put to a referendum ? 
  it 's late and i have to work tomorrow , but i 'll say this ;  i have to admit , acta getting shot down was a surprise . 
  that was leaked beforehand though , and only widespread campaigns against it managed to shut it down no , it was released publicly . 
  like all eu international trade/services/investment agreements , they 're public for over a year before a vote . 
  and ttip will be as well , and if it 's as egregiously against the public as you think the ep can shoot that down too . 
  but we should at least see the final product , before sabotaging it because we do n't like it . 
   representative of public . 
  also an individual that has their own interests . 
  such as pork barrelling . 
   no , you keep lying and attacking me personally , do you want to make yourself look like an idiot ? 
  you 're the one that said  computer scientists are far more qualified to comment on economic issues than the average economist implying the overwhelming majority of economists are n't heavy on math . 
  i mean seriously , reread that statement . 
  it 's so stupid . 
  `` i 'm a computer scientist , so i 'm perfectly qualified to topic on all maths subjects '', 
   considering the scope of ttip , it needs public debate to ensure no constituent gets overlooked . 
  setting a relatively small group of people to set policies that 'll effect so many will just ensure the small groups will receive preferential treatment over a large group of people . 
  this is why a ) there are public consultations with ngos , companies , and why the eu has set up a direct email for people to get in contact regarding ttip , and b ) why the agreement will be public for over a year before it 's going to voted on to ratify , so that the public can scrutinize the hell out of it and determine whether they want their representatives to vote in favour of it or not . 
   congress ca n't influence agreement , lawmakers can say aye or nay and that 's all . 
  and the biggest influence they have is the fear that they might say nay . 
  which is huge . 
   the majority of congress is being kept in the dark as to the substance of the tpp negotiations , while representatives of u.s. corporations -- like halliburton , chevron , phrma , comcast , and the motion picture association of america -- are being consulted and made privy to details of the agreement . 
  [ ... ] more than two months after receiving the proper security credentials , my staff is still barred from viewing the details of the proposals that ustr is advancing . 
  we hear that the process by which tpp is being negotiated has been a model of transparency . 
  i disagree with that statement .
