  they have racist incident after racist incident , such as the time their justice spokesman and economy spokesman ( both mps ) were caught [ running around harassing foreign-looking people with slurs and blunt objects ] ( https://danielerikvalentin.wordpress.com/tag/sverigedemokraterna/ ) , where their [ mps get caught describing darker-skinned people as monkey ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20130426/47570 ) , where an [ mp who claimed he was beaten and robbed of his backpack by immigrants ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20121129/44726 ) had in actual fact been helped by two immigrants back into his wheelchair , and he had actually just forgotten it at the restaurant he was in ( this very same charming fellow also abused the guards at the riksdag ) and at least [ used to get , if they do n't still currently , a lot of it 's funding from out-and-out racists ] ( http://www.expressen.se/nyheter/sverigedemokraterna-far-miljoner-av-rik-rasist/ ) and that has it 's roots in the swedish neo-nazi movement . 
  many of these mps have been kicked out in recent years for ` ruining ' the party 's image , and it 's certainly trying to seem like a respectable party , but a polished turd is still a turd . 
  you can be concerned with immigration all you want , but only an idiot joins an outright racist and quasi-fascist party as a result . 
  well hardcore nationalists are those that are most likely going to want to fight for their country after all . 
  i did n't say it was n't bad to your so , i said i have trouble judging people for it . 
  well i never said anything about having unprotected sex with junkies . 
  if you 're having sex with a new partner you should be at least wearing condoms anyway . 
  it is . 
  i used to be like you and find it deplorable , but now i find it hard to judge after speaking to many of the people that have done it . 
  usually they feel extremely guilty about it themselves , but we all have moments of weakness . 
  how often have you had that extra slice of pizza you should n't have ? 
  same thing , different scale . 
  are they even high for serbia ? 
  this is a great place for information , education , and discussion on current issues . 
  the level of racism in this sub is too damn high . 
  this place has always been racist as fuck , but it ebbs and flows . 
  some weeks are better than others . 
  i was gon na say , that 's a bit rich coming from krugman . 
  he was also committed against the eurozone , as explained in this transcript . 
  that 's simply untrue . 
  whut ? 
  a suburb is just a district in a metropolitan area . 
  someone clearly does n't understand economics here . 
  where have i done anything of the sort ? 
  what are you trying to say here ? 
  economics is rather explicitly against wealth inequality and the dangerous effects it has on an economy . 
  public consultation does n't mean ` see this bill at every stage ' . 
  it means consulting relevant stakeholders and the like , which already happens in trade agreements . 
  so you do n't see such bills before they go to committee anyway . 
  yep , politics is consensus building and the art of achieving the possible . 
  if there 's an economic consensus on something , it tends to have some extremely strong empirical and theoretic evidence backing it . 
  i 'm not opposed to seeking alternative solutions , but we should n't look for something that ` sounds like it might be right ' if we have something which has been largely proven to be right . 
  i 'm not sure how you see this as something to do with neoliberalism , a famously nebulous term that tends to mean whatever one wants it to mean . 
  there was a default five years ago . 
  i got ta say , tusk 's english is way better than six months ago , and particularly impressive given he did n't know any english about a year ago . 
  i have , but once more it 's too simplified and reductive to the point it does n't have any practical use . 
  i 'm certainly no linguist , nor well read in the topic , but in willing to accept popular consensus on his significance to the field absent any strong contrary claims . 
  but this is as if it 's at the stage before it goes to committee - that is , they 're still playing with the wording and the substance beforehand . 
  being reworked is impossible later on for the simple fact that that would constitute new negotiations . 
  it 's simply one of the pragmatic compromises that have to be made for international agreements . 
  if your source is chomsky , you 're looking in the wrong place . 
  he 's an absolutely brilliant linguist , but as far as international affairs go he 's horrible . 
  i mean , the man ios basically an anarchist , he fundamentally rejects the international system . 
  yes . 
  from the same quote . 
   we find that both the u.s. and mexico benefit from nafta , with much larger relative benefits for mexico . 
  i 'd say that there has been plenty of media attention ( particularly from papers like the guardian ) which is hopelessly reductive and which seeks to portray it in a negative light . 
  yes , but you 're probably reading one-sided or biased reports . 
  if you look at actual academics , however ;  we describe the main economic arguments posed for and against the north american free trade agreement ( nafta ) during the u.s. policy debate . 
  to evaluate these arguments , we analyze recent trade data and survey post-nafta studies . 
  we find that both the u.s. and mexico benefit from nafta , with much larger relative benefits for mexico . 
  nafta also has had little effect on the u.s. labor market . 
  ** these results confirm the consensus opinion of economists at the time of the debate . 
  ** finally , studies find that trade creation greatly exceeds trade diversion in the region under nafta , especially in intermediate goods . 
  burfisher , mary e. , sherman robinson , and karen thierfelder . 
  `` the impact of nafta on the united states . '', 
  journal of economic perspectives , 15 ( 1 ) : 125-144 . https://www.aeaweb.org/articles.php?doi=10.1257/jep.15.1.125 in addition  [ some democratic candidates , including barack obama , have said that 1 million jobs have been `` lost because of nafta . '', 
  but as we noted in an earlier article , those figures are highly questionable and come from an anti-nafta source . 
  other economic studies have concluded the trade deal resulted in much smaller job losses or even a small net gain . 
  the congressional budget office surveyed all the major economic studies of nafta 's effects in 2004 and concluded : `` nafta had little or no impact on aggregate employment . 
  '' ] ( http://www.factcheck.org/2008/07/naftas-impact-on-employment/ ) that factcheck.org page has additional links to more information . 
  yes . 
  first , they have been . 
  second , there 's generally little reason to cover the tpp until there 's actually some * news * on the subject , which means something along the lines of leaked documents , negotiations public breaking down , on an agreement . 
  no , [ the text will be publicly available for probably more than a year ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/sections/trade-society/commission-official-eu-not-going-change-its-food-legislation-because-ttip#.vhqw3url5sq.reddit ) before it even gets voted on . 
   once the agreement is concluded it will become public . 
  it will be a way before it goes to the parliament for ratification . 
  you can see that in case of eu-canada agreement , the text is now accessible on our website , it can be consulted by anyone and it is the agreement which has still not even been submitted to legal revision . 
  after it is submitted to legal revision , it would need to be translated , and it would be more than a year before it goes for consideration to the european parliament . 
  ceta has been publicly available since september last year and they still have n't voted on it . 
   http://www.theguardian.com/environment/2015/may/22/eu-dropped-pesticide-laws-due-to-us-pressure-over-ttip-documents-reveal except that 's not what the leaks in the document suggest . 
  the guardian only made a spurious connection between the two , if one were to read the leaks they 'd see that what was actually happening was the eu negotiators said they were n't going to agree to any more stringent form of regulatory cooperation because they did n't want to be seen to be lowering standards . 
  those pesticide laws were actually a combination of lobbying from eu companies , partially from the american chamber of commerce , and partially from a regular american diplomatic mission to the eu - absolutely nothing to do with ttip . 
   populist : a member or adherent of a political party seeking to represent the interests of ordinary people . 
  this is the american usage of the word . 
  european is more `` simplistic , reductive and fundamentally flawed explanations for complex phenomena , usually to the benefit of the one making the claim ( the populist ) '' . 
  funny thing is , 2.3 million signed that whilst between january and may this year , each of the links on the ttip information page has been clicked an average of 2300 times . 
  people do n't educate themselves . 
  as a populist and demagogue , yes . 
  ha , bernie sanders ? 
  are you serious ? 
  except they 're not secret anymore ( and were only such in the past because states wanted it that way ) . 
  there have been tremendous transparency initiatives in both icsid and uncitral over the past decade that have considerably opened up the proceedings . 
  perhaps you should educate yourself on this topic beyond one or two news articles , before judging ? 
  i made a post [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/truereddit/comments/2srn0u/trade_secrets_why_will_no_one_answer_the_obvious/cnsffwo ) a while back that 's basically an eli5 . 
  they were able to sue in a domestic court first . 
  should we thus abolish domestic courts ? 
  how ? 
  of course . 
  but only because they had a legitimate legal grievance , and it 's their right ( under the treaty ) to take that up in a neutral court . 
  the pm case was over expropriation of assets , not ` lost profits ' . 
  i also have each of my posts in this submission downvoted in the space of one minute , and in basically every other submission on ttip . 
  it 's just standard . 
  again , they ca n't `` sue for lost profits '' . 
  they can get damages if they have * legitimate * grievances . 
  corporate tax is a tax on the public as it is . 
  the costs just get passed on - on wages , on prices of goods and services , on diminished investment . 
  i do know about it . 
  just because pm is suing , it does n't mean they 're going to win ( and almost everyone thinks they 're going to lose ) . 
  frivolous , long shot , and against the public interest cases happen all the time in domestic courts too , but no one suggests that those are bad as well for allowing them .
