  wonder how long until that 's used again against some other ` undesirables ' . 
  it 's funny that someone irish would say that , it was n't all that long ago in the grand scheme of things where there 'd be signs saying ` no irish need apply ' . 
  your threshold for what constitutes scum is really that low ? 
  i only partially pay attention to polish politics , but tusk always appeared to me as an intelligent guy and the best of a bad bunch . 
  in english , a redactor is an ` editor ' . 
  if a large percentage of roma people commit crimes , that does n't give you the right to treat it as if it were 100 % , which is what you are implying when you say it 's the ` gypsy way of life ' . 
  yes , but you used my quote in a way that implies that i instantly cry racism as soon as someone tries to arrest roma , or ignore their crimes . 
  yeah , and * you * put it in the context where i 'm forgiving of roma crimes and am quick to call racism if anyone thinks of legally punishing people for it , which i have never done . 
  as to the equivalence between roma and jews , i did say 1930s ( the time of kristallnacht and so on ) , not the 1940s when there was mass gassing of jews . 
  you put my quote in a context where i was forgiving the actions of roma crime to show that the ` left ' ( as if i even was that ) are too quick to cry racism on anything involving roma . 
  i was n't , and you 'd be hard pressed to find anything even remotely resembling that in my history . 
  my comment was in the context of vigilante action against roma . 
  hey mate , if you 're going to quote me , quote me fucking accurately and in a proper context . 
  i do n't have a problem with people being punished for crimes they commit . 
  what i have a problem with is all the people gleefully endorsing vigilante action against marginalized groups , who happily paint all roma with the same brush . 
  in sum , you 're a cunt for misrepresenting what i was saying . 
  people talk about getting tougher laws to combat crime by roma gangs , and why do n't the local authorities do something about it - how about because the rule of law has the presumption of innocence , and maybe there is n't enough evidence to convict them ? 
  the people that always claim ` police let them off light ' have zero evidence to back that up , beyond that some crimes do n't get solved . 
  what do you want , collective punishment for roma groups ? 
  / u/gingor has pretty much admitted to being clinically diagnosed sociopath in the past . 
  as such , i do n't condemn his posts as much as i would of other users with similar views . 
  jesus christ , thank you for this . 
  europe really has n't moved far from the 1930s , given recent resurgences of extreme nationalism . 
  as i read elsewhere , they only learned that jews = / = evil from the second world war , they learnt none of the lessons of what got to that stage . 
  one of them , of course , being the far - right nutjob / u/llanita, 
  and after a number of non european countries, 
  wait , you really think * sweden * takes the most immigrants per capita ? 
  what kind of bizarre planet are you living in ? 
  thus showing that you also do not respect the rule of law , and if there are some rough consequences for you ... too bad . 
  well put !, 
   they fired all of the workers and rehired them to lower their wages and worsen their terms . 
  this is probably the definition of wage dumping . 
  can you even read swedish ? 
  you claim you can but clearly it says : `` arbetsgivaren har varslat 250 personer om upps\u00e4gning f\u00f6r att kunna \u00e5teranst\u00e4lla dem med nya , enligt facket , s\u00e4mre villkor . '', 
  this means , translated to english `` the employers fired 250 people to rehired them with new , according to facket , worse terms . '' . 
  yes , i can , and i understood that . 
  similar stuff happens all the fucking time all over the globe . 
  we had it happen during out waterfront dispute in 1998 , it is a common occurrence . 
  to say it 's because of immigrants is to ignore the countless times it 's happened in the past where immigration was n't a factor , nor does this show that it 's a widespread practice in sweden . 
   do n't be stupid . 
  this is hard evidence of wage dumping . 
  do n't be stupid your fucking self , there was no clear connection between what happened there and immigration , or even that that practice is widespread to constitute large-scale wage dumping in sweden . 
  so you point to a labour dispute on the commuter rail as evidence that there 's a wage dump , as opposed to regular cost cutting ? 
  i 'm asking for serious , empirical , peer reviewed evidence , and not you making judgements with no evidence that this is happening . 
  as to youth unemployment , it 's high all over the west . 
  why do you assume sweden would be different ? 
  alas , the link from svt is only available in sweden . 
  but so far all you have is vague linkages between the topic , you have n't provided any hard or even soft causation . 
  the housing crisis is in response to decades of massive overregulation by the government . 
  as to wage dumps , i 've seen no evidence of that but if true i 'd assume that perhaps wages lowered because of the gfc , and not by immigration , and would presume you have a causal link you could find me between lower wages and immigration in sweden , and not just correlation . 
  most of them to any non-negligible degree ? 
  eh , on occasion . 
  but i do n't want this place to turn into another / r/niggers or / r/worldnews , so i try and do my part . 
  it 's the best place for discussion on european issues , and i do n't want to lose that . 
  ah , my mistake , we 're in full agreement . 
  hang on , you 're saying berlusconi was right for supporting a dictator that hired mercenaries to indiscriminately shoot civilians ? 
  given you 've had military training , i do n't doubt you could probably fuck someone up . 
  / u/llanita taking things out of context to make a simplistic point , her in a nutshell folks . 
  i 'm not interested in tackling the issue , because i 've done so so many times here before , i 'm just interested in warning a relative newcomer to / r/europe of the kind of shit he 's dealing with . 
  the fact that you display an utter contempt for the rule of law ( as evidenced by your support for extrajudicial ` justice ' ) , your frequent ( since deleted ) posts attacking anyone that suggests maybe society should work towards a solution instead of blindly hating on them , and your persistence is following populist and simplistic solutions to extremely complex societal problems makes you a dangerous person . 
  how long until you start beating people up ? 
  or is your mention of marginalized groups being part of vigilante groups speaking from personal experience ? 
  because that is something i most certainly would not put past you . 
  you 're exactly the type of person that would 've been marching down cable st 90 years ago . 
  this is typical of / u/llanita . 
  if a far-right populist came into power , she 'd be their most loyal , unwavering , dogmatic supporters . 
  the ignorance , lack of intelligence , let alone the sheer spite she displays to marginalized groups is worryingly dangerous . 
  let alone that combined with her utter contempt for the rule of law she 's displaying here . 
  i 've argued with this guy on the topic before , i think he may be legitimately brain dead ... 
  the difference being i 've seen soldiers , miners , factory workers , etc , and that was n't what i saw in the eyes of the prostitutes . 
  hear , fucking , hear !, 
  they ca n't do that without the backing of the member states - it 's who the money comes from after all - which they do n't have . 
  blame the member states , not the eu . 
  yes , because they would n't have the ability to any more . 
  there 's no reasonable expectation for a country without the ability to rescue boats in distress to try and rescue them . 
  that 's covered in art . 
  98 already, 
  australia does n't have the resources , nor ability to do that . 
  italy does . 
  they do n't have the resources or ability . 
  jesus christ , i ca n't even argue with some of the shit that you 're saying because it 's idiotic . 
  you really think places like jordan , lebanon , and pakistan are bad places * because of immigrants * ? 
  you think there is some international court where matters like this are decided ? 
  you think a significant portion of the world population live in conditions that would legally grant them refugee status ? 
  i 'm done here . 
  they did n't say scaled back , they said ` end ' . 
  and this is n't a worry just because of immigrants ( though it seems thats all people care about here ) , this is a worry for sailors across the entire med . 
  no one could realistically take them to court for it . 
  does n't mean they 're living up to their legal obligations if they pull out though . 
  how could the eu create a task force ? 
  it has no power and no ability , legal or otherwise , to enforce anything that you 've suggested . 
  you claimed that legally , italy only needed to conduct s&r in it 's territorial waters . 
  i demonstrated that that was unequivocally not the case . 
   italy has no real duty to patrol the seas beyond its territorial waters . 
  to the extent it does so , others should be quite thankful , because it is n't cheap . 
  yes , legally it does . 
  regardless , the costs associated are mostly those concerned with regular maintenance of the navy , and so does n't constitute a new undue burden on the italian state . 
   north african nations are not living up to their own obligations , but no one really cares about that , and that 's quite understandable . 
  as mentioned above , a treaty is in many ways an advisory document , and if the advisories are not met ... oh well . 
  i would argue that north african countries are living up to their obligations , and rather that they lack the means to do so effectively necessitating rich country assistance .
