  otherwise , i broadly agree . 
  perhaps we should ban commentisfree ` articles ' from the guardian . 
  they 're essentially no different from blogs , and the quality is atrocious . 
  russia-georgia had an agreement since the early 90s over south ossetia , the georgians violated it . 
  the entire world know the georgians started that shit , but that russia overreacted afterwards . 
  not if the threat of sanctions is a serious one . 
  we 'll see what happens after the announcements are made . 
  i was gon na say , your spelling , grammar , and syntax are atrocious . 
  nowhere in the post / u/lanita was replying to did the person suggest anything resembling war with russia , ergo / u/lanita was [ putting words in their mouth ] ( en.wiktionary.org/wiki/put_words_in_someone's_mouth ), 
  mate , your english is pretty dismal as well , so i do n't think you have the right to complain about them, 
  eh , it makes sense from their point of view i guess . 
  nato-russia are more likely to get into a tiff than finland-russia , so why be one of the battleground countries ? 
  the articles is n't mentioning people that did n't know english , so i do n't know why you 're bring up the language component . 
  no one said money was wiped out . 
  yes ? 
  no one disagreed with that , anywhere . 
  but it does n't change the fact that billions of dollars of value were wiped out in a day , and as we were discussing the stockmarket it 's pretty implicit that we were talking about value of assets in the stockmarket , and not of rubles floating around the ( physical ) markets . 
  there 's a big difference between  so ** do ** you advocate for war with russia ? 
  and  so you advocate war with russia ? 
  it 's not imaginary money because it 's not money at all , it 's the considered value of assets . 
  a billionaire is n't a billionaire because they have billions of dollars in their account , but because they have billions of dollars of assets - based on what other people would pay for it . 
  in that sense , the russian market drop represents billions of dollars of peoples wealth ( not currency ) wiped out , because people are willing to pay considerably less for it . 
  if they wanted to sell it tomorrow , they 'd get much less money . 
  i was putting it in a currency other people would have an easy reference to . 
  and yes , it does represent ` billions of dollars wiped out ' ... of value , which is what were referring to given we 're discussing the stockmarket , not currency . 
   so ** you advocate war with russia ? 
  ** yeah , i see how you 're not putting * words * in their mouth . 
   allowing an organisation to exist but denying it tax-exempt status is nowhere near anything like a police state . 
  mechagodzillass is a libertarian . 
  to them , taxes = rape . 
  i can see how he would be confused in this situation . 
  stupidinside did n't advocate for war in their comment , so try not putting worse in their mouth . 
  it took me a second to get that . 
  i thought you were talking about the return on investment from an iron mine called ` norn ' . 
  well , yes . 
  putin 's regime is kept afloat through a careful balancing act of keeping the oligarchs happy , and by promising a modicum of economic stability to the country to the regular people . 
  an overwhelming majority of the voters recall the economic chaos in the years following ` shock therapy ' in russia following the collapse of the soviet union , where the economy just ... did n't function , whilst the oligarchs want to be able to have easy travel and access to the west , whilst also keeping their enterprises in russia in good shape . 
  economic sanctions threaten both those groups , as russian foreign exchange reserves are abyssmal and the terms of trade could quickly turn very bad for russia . 
  the change in the ruble alone , since the crisis began , has made imports a lot more expensive . 
  putin wants to keep his regime together , and he ca n't do that under sustained economic sanctions . 
  yep , it represents tens of billions of dollars wiped out in a day . 
  i suppose you found it a little too much effort to read the one other comment chain here , before commenting ? 
  incidentally , i never called for banning it . 
  i just said that the situation between cnn and rt is completely different . 
  it 's another of the ` comment is free ' articles , which is usually just a mouthpiece for the more extreme points of view on whatever issue to have their say, 
  here 's the quote the op is referring to from 12:14 pm :  the guardian 's chief political correspondent , nick watt , says that david cameron will outline a range of economic sanctions against russia , including slowing down visas for russian business people , at a meeting of the uk national security council this afternoon . 
  what ? 
  / u/akarlin has been eating too much of the kremlin 's cake . 
  i have quite a few ukrainian friends , who mostly definitely * are n't * the far right type , and from our discussions the ` western media narrative ' is about 90 % correct . 
  all excellent points , nicely summarized . 
  what were the mods claiming ? 
  [ the g-7 decided to cancel the planned g-8 summit in sochi until this is resolved . ] ( http://bigstory.ap.org/article/g-7-nations-suspend-planning-russia-summit ) . 
  regardless , i 've long considered steinmeier a fool . 
  putin 's support from the oligarchs in russia ( who are n't crucial to him , but are important for his political ( and i guess ultimately , actual ) survival ) would quickly wane if the g-8 meeting is n't held . 
  russia is n't an autarky , they require trade with the outside world else serious social unrest can occur , and it 's not a ( comparatively ) large producer of intermediate goods the outside world needs , so the harm of sanctions would be minimal on russia . 
  but steinmeier does n't want to damage the ` no worries ' style of relations russia and germany have been enjoying for some time now . 
  putin does n't need the g-8 for economic planning . 
  he needs it for political legitimacy , and would be happy to be browbeaten by the other leaders for two days if he can keep ukraine . 
  why did they add ` james bond star ' ? 
  were they worried people would n't know who he was ? 
  only reported in russian news sources , until it gets out to the west i 'm extremely sceptical . 
  what party websites say are utopian ideals that they hold , not their current policy positions . 
  from speaking with greens members ( i was going to join the greens , but did n't since i ended up moving to europe ) , including some quite high up the ranks , they have a solid understanding of it . 
  as i said , it 's largely anti-mining , and non-nuclear proliferation on the world stage . 
  the greens here in europe though are batshit , they want to defund iter , an experimental nuclear fusion reactor , and use the money to plaster the landscape with solar and wind . 
  they ignore grid transmission and overload problems , have only a tenuous grasp of baseload/intermittent power , and simply do n't live in the pragmatic world . 
  that 's why i compared them to mao and stalin idolizers , they have their head in the clouds . 
  yes . 
  but it 's a different kind of anti-nuclear , that has a core element of anti-mining it , and not fear of the invisible magic called ` radiation ' , and overblown optimism of wind and solar . 
  i 'm sceptical . 
  it 's in english as well . 
  they have n't been completed yet , but they 're underway . 
  global lng export capacity has basically doubled each year for the last few year , and i know of at least two large projects , gladstone lng and papua new guinea lng that are coming online this year . 
  as to the gas thing , that [ is here ] ( http://rt.com/business/norway-eu-russia-gas-supplier-256/ ), 
  i just took a look at the about page , they were set up originally to `` expose the collectivist mythology behind global warming and climate change '' . 
  a pack of absolute nutters . 
  the us wants to have troops in europe so it 's easier to deploy them . 
  it takes a lot less time to move 20,000 troops from germany to the mid-east , than it does from the us to the mid-east . 
  as to why they 're here , it 's because they 've had agreements signed decades ago on the subject and these days they 're usually an important part of regional economies so countries are reluctant to push for them to leave . 
  more salt , than anything else i think . 
  but mother of god , the comments section is stupider than on youtube . 
  it seems to be a website catering to conspiracy theorists . 
  well , if this turns out to be anything like the sudetenland crisis , this would actually be the act that * prevents * a world war from starting . 
  that would be up to the ukrainians to decide , in consultation with the poles . 
  and it would n't be a permanent measure , it would just be a loophole to invoking nato ( though the intent of this is not to go that far ) . 
  i do n't know what it is , but to me it just seems a bit ` off '' . 
  though you 're right , it is very reminiscent of euphoria and the dancing is very good . 
  he 's swinging towards russia at the moment anyway , wanting to join the sco . 
  norway provides most of europe 's gas at the moment , lng import terminals are springing up all over europe , and lng export terminals are springing up all over the asia-pacific and the us . 
  i know of four large terminals in the us alone that received export licenses last year . 
  putin 's government is living almost dollar to dollar , they had to raid private pension funds to help pay for sochi . 
  should try in australia . 
  our new government does n't care what happens , as long as big business make more money . 
  well , no , they would n't end up in a body bag . 
  but i agree that the australian way of dealing with it at the moment is fucking horrendous . 
  my question still stands though , how am i a hypocrite ? 
  do all australian 's share the same view of the government ( the government that implemented the current ` solution ' , and has had the largest post election swing against it in history ) ? 
  what have i said that indicated any kind of hypocrisy to you ? 
  yeah , the german green movement is full of batshit radicals . 
  if they were communists , they 'd be the kind that would be glorifying stalin and mao .
