  differing worldviews i guess . 
  well , the reason i support the austerity program is because i know that there are no better alternatives that are politically and economically feasible . 
  if there were , i 'd support them . 
  but there are n't . 
  then what would your suggestion be , given you oppose unilateral default , and recognize that multilateral default is both politically impossible , as it increasing assistance to greece ? 
  and again , they had a record tourist year . 
  there 's an increase of [ 2 million tourists ] ( http://greece.greekreporter.com/2015/08/25/new-record-for-greek-tourism-around-26m-arrivals-in-2015/ ) over last year , some 8 % more . 
  that 's more than enough to account for the difference in change in gdp between this quarter last year and this year . 
   during the negotiation ( and prior to cap controls ) gdp grew under the syriza administration . 
  i believe another user linked you the relevant stats . 
  it grew in one quarter , the peak tourism and traditionally strongest quarter for greece , amid record breaking amounts of tourists . 
  none of that can be attributed to syriza . 
   for the time being perhaps , but the only way in which genuine stability can be achieved is by addressing the debt sustainability problem . 
  and there are three ways to do this . 
  unilateral default , which fucks everyone . 
  multilateral default , which would be my preferred option but i recognize that domestic politics in the other countries make that impossible so that 's off the table . 
  or austerity measures to try and bring greek debt to sustainability , * as it had been doing * . 
  it grew in that quarter thanks to a record breaking tourist season more than anything else . 
   capital controls were a necessary response to the actions of the ecb . 
  i was referring to the early years of the crisis , compared to just before syriza got into power . 
  as to the actions of the ecb , they were necessary due to the financial situation of greece . 
   not quite , the fact gdp fell in nominal terms in conjunction with deflation shows that real gdp did n't account for the actual output of the greek economy . 
  which is why i said that relative stability was much better than the freefall of before . 
  ie ; an improvement, 
  so instead of gdp free falling as it has been , it was now relatively stable ? 
  and that 's still not an improvement ? 
  i could support such a premise , but not with varoufakis or his party of left-populists . 
  if you were concerned with the context , you 'd realise that / u/arathian expanded it to numerous other countries . 
  how does `` gdp growth '' not equal recovering economy , even if it is half a percent , and especially compared to the years prior ? 
  the points have n't been refuted , you just ignore anything that does n't conform to your far-outside-the-mainstream viewpoint . 
  did you even read my comment ? 
  i said ` based on our past discussion and seeing your comment here ' . 
   how was it not insulting ? 
  you said that the whole country is deeply corrupted . 
  and yes , greece does have problems with corruption . 
  lots of countries do . 
  but that 's a far cry from stating that every single greek person is personally responsible . 
  i 'm starting to think you 're full of shit when you said you wrote that you work as a writer , editor , and proofreader . 
  you ca n't even pick up on clear hyperbole . 
  the thing is , you conflate ` banks ' with so many different entities that invested in greek bonds . 
  it 's so reductive as to make it meaningless . 
   following your logic of short-sightedness we ended up in even bigger trouble and we will have to pay even more since debt has become so big that it 's unpayable . 
  so , yes countries that benefitted from doing business in greece after they joined ez should 've probably give greece some time to reform , instead we are left with total meltdown . 
  the greek situation was improving . 
  the primary budget deficit was improving , gdp was growing , all the metrics were pointing to greek debt soon becoming sustainable . 
  and then syriza came into power . 
  sorry mate , there very much is . 
  if i 'm speaking to the representative of a company and i say `` you need to give me 5 million dollars '' , i 'm obviously not saying that individual , it 's the ` you ' for the company . 
  similarly , this was ` you ' for the voter in society . 
  i hate to pull this card , but y' know - native english speaker . 
  you realise that ` austerity ' is n't confined to greece , right ? 
  i would have read that as a general comment about democratic responsibility . 
  as he said later , he did n't even know you were from greece . 
  it was the ` royal form ' of you . 
  then what 's the alternative ? 
  if your short , medium , and long term financial situation looks bad , no one is going to lend you money except at rates far above the utility you would get out of investing it into the economy . 
  yes , but that stemmed from an earlier conversation . 
  specifically , he said  the banks lent the money to the state as the politics demanded . 
  again , the politicians were voted in by the people . 
  stop trying to relinquish your responsibility as voter . 
  if the people had voted for fiscally responsible politicians , this would not have happened . 
  and then only after your comment he presumed that you voted for a party where money grew on trees when you said  you have no idea what i voted for , but it was n't what you seem to be thinking . 
  you were the one that made this about your personal politics , the other user was speaking about democracy in greece in general . 
  actually , i think he was making a general statement about democracy in greece , and not specifically about how you voted . 
  i 'm not trying to attack you or something here , i 'm just generally curious based on our past discussion and seeing your comment here . 
  do you subscribe to communism or some other kind of non-mainstream political/economic philosophy along those lines ? 
  austerity has become one of those ` scare words ' that are thrown around , like ` lobbyist ' or ` neoliberal ' or ` the banks ' . 
  it means whatever scary thing people have in their heads . 
  they were getting loans at double digit interests rates . 
  at that point , basically the entirety of the new loans were just going to service the old loans . 
   basically eu did a bailout of mostly german and french banks through greece , and they left greece with additional interests to pay . 
  no , they bailed out greece . 
  greece owed those banks that money , as well as numerous institutional investors , individual investors , and public investors ( pension funds and so forth ) . 
  now , instead of of * those * groups being hit if greece defaults , it will be european states that are hit instead . 
  what did you want to happen ? 
  pensioners to take a hit on their pension so that greece could do it 's reforms rather than service their debt , maybe ? 
  or you want states to spend less money on their own hospitals , education , and social welfare so that greece can reform rather than service their debt ? 
  this is n't the original source i have for that statement , but it was the quickest i could come up with ; [ here ] ( http://canadians.org/blog/us-rejects-malmstroms-proposals-amend-isds-ttip ) . 
  as to the french senate , i would n't be very certain of how well that statement will hold up in the future . 
  isds was unanimously decided on by the member states for the negotiating mandate , a populist measure ( as was done in the netherlands as i recall as well ) by the senate is unlikely to mean much in the 3-5 years it will take to actually sign and ratify the agreement . 
  if a country refuses to pay , they can always be subject to legal challenges in all the signatories of the new york convention to seize that countries assets in those countries . 
  an argentine warship was temporarily detained in ghana due to such an action . 
  the us has flat out rejected such an arrangement , as i recall . 
  and the french abandoned the attempt at leading to something like this in the 90s due to public opposition . 
  i 'm on my tablet , and it 's a bit glitchy so typing is hard - but as others have said , i support the process , not agreement at any cost . 
  i 'll evaluate the agreement when it 's finally released . 
  i 've been posting on reddit for four years , about considerably more topics than just the tpp or ttip , as you can see if you do a cursory glance at the history of my top comments or even recently . 
  the ep voted down acta based on public opposition . 
  why would n't they do the same for ttip ? 
  surely there 's value in being one of the largest members when it comes to shaping new and upcoming euro rules that needs to be accounted for as well . 
  i 'm referring to this article . 
  if their asylum request has been denied and they 've not been given leave to stay then they 're illegal immigrants , although really the government should deport them, 
  not paid , and not a shill . 
  have you come up with any actual arguments yet ? 
  what 's your point ? 
  no , i 'm extrapolating from benefit fraud . 
  but until you get some data indicating it 's a genuine problem , i 'm highly skeptical that it is . 
  just like there 's benefit fraud as well . 
  but usually investigating the fraud costs the government more money than it recoups . 
  there will always be unscrupulous people , but we do n't throw away the entire system because one in ten thousand take advantage .
