  no , we should let those kurds from syria in that make it onto schengen borders , apply for asylum , and had their claim successfully verified . 
  i do n't know why this is such a difficult concept for you . 
  i do n't like immigration . 
  i do n't dislike immigration . 
  i recognize that it 's a process that happens , and that we have rules governing that process . 
  i 've only been telling people in this thread what the laws are , i have n't been judging one way or another . 
  well , no , not according to the vienna convention governing treaties . 
  you can only do that in very special circumstances . 
  i never said it was n't . 
  but it does n't mean that it 's not national law as a consequence of ratifying un laws . 
  it 's not eu laws , it 's un agreements that countries agreed to independently of the eu, 
  it 's not illegal for them to claim asylum once they get onto schengen territory . 
  well then you have to ask by what moral right the us has hegemony over areas in sea . 
  i prefer the us as hegemon , but i do n't think they have any intrinsic right to it . 
  if china challenges the us and wins , it 's no skin off my back . 
  well it does n't look like it 's going to get to that point , so i still do n't see them as a threat . 
  china and the us are n't going to go to war . 
  i 'm sure a syrian kurd would get treated so well in turkey ... 
  yes . 
  were signatories to the convention on refugees . 
  do n't get me wrong , i prefer the us as hegemon to any other reasonable alternative . 
  but they 're not threatening the us , they 're challenging the us ' interests in one region . 
  the people fleeing syria are n't fleeing because it 's overpopulated ... and if you want to try for a renegotiation of the treaties , be my guest . 
  but under current agreements , we have an obligation to aid them . 
  i do n't know why you see china as a threat to the us . 
  it does n't have any designs on directly attacking the us , it just wants to lessen us hegemony in its own region so it can assert its own hegemony . 
  it challenges the us ' interests , but is n't a threat . 
  it 's not a straw an . 
  either we accept international agreements as valid , or we do n't . 
  you seem to think we do n't have to abide by international agreements . 
  i think we do . 
  well in that case , why put them in prison ? 
  why not give them a protection visa in your country ? 
  it 'll be cheaper , after all . 
  they 're not illegally there under the un convention on refugees . 
  yes , who gives a shit about international law and human rights . 
  may as well chuck out all conventions about biological warfare as well , right ? 
  national sovereignty is more important . 
  they die from war and intolerance , not starvation . 
  you know africa is n't exactly as portrayed in oxfam commercials , right ? 
  it 's not a place where kids are all starving and they do n't even have the energy to knock flies off their face . 
  have you even been there ? 
  this is such an easy thing to throw out , but is it true ? 
  would you take living in marginally better conditions , but having no freedom to move around , stuck in the same place for years , surrounded by criminals , no liberty , no freedom to really do what you want , no sex ? 
  great , let 's sacrifice human rights so we do n't have to deal with the problem anymore !, 
  the aussie solution is routinely criticized by the unhcr . 
  which eu law ? 
  yeah , i was n't claiming that there is an empire nostalgia , a desire for empire or that people think they empire still exists . 
  just that those kippers ( and i 'm extrapolating from that that it 's more than just those in the population ) * act * like the empire still exists and britain is the centre of the earth . 
  no , he 's really like that . 
  the shit he comes out with is mindboggling . 
   the uk `` still believes it has an empire '' is a stupid and lazy argument . 
  it 's not . 
  the number of kippers i 've had the pleasure of discussing an eu exit with , it was alarming how many thought that commonwealth countries have just been sitting around twiddling their thumbs for the last few decades and would happily jump at the chance to be part of a grand commonwealth fta . 
  this , of course , ignores that those countries have spent most of those decades reorienting their trade away from the uk and have no interest in diverting it back there without some very serious enticements . 
  simply put , there 's very little practical application to such an fta , and commonwealth countries would much much much prefer having the uk arguing for trade liberalization within the eu , than outside it . 
  the uk simply is n't a priority for them . 
   there is myriad of articles about him being influential in russia and right now all i 've seen in this comment section `` he is not '' and `` what makes you think so '' well that 's what i was addressing in an earlier comment . 
  whilst he is studied in russian military academies , that 's because he has a grand-master plan that works great for studying military and geostrategic theory . 
  i have n't seen anything to directly link dugin as being a big name within the kremlin , beyond speculative articles . 
  as i said earlier , my theory is that a western journalist discovered him , wrote about him , and that caused an explosion of interest on him and his ideas that still has n't died down , despite not seeing anything definitive that anyone in the kremlin actually cared who he was before the ukraine crisis started . 
   on isds , it has opened the door to philip morris suing australia because australia wants tobacco labelled in a certain way , to an oil/gas company suing canada because quebec does n't want fracking , to germany being sued because it wants to close down it 's nuclear power plants . 
  in each case we are talking about 100 's of millions if not billions in costs to the tax payer being at stake . 
  most of these have been shown to be fair uses of isds already . 
  for example , the fracking case had a great rebuttal [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/271aqe/the_dangers_of_the_euus_free_trade_agreement/chwl9v7 ) regardless , you have an extremely one sided view on the topic, 
  have you seen my posts here ? 
  i 'm far from pro-russian . 
  i have just personally studied regionalism in the post soviet space and written a number of papers on it , hence my comment . 
  for putins interest , it 's absolutely pragmatism, 
  the eurasian union of dictatorships is pragmatism , not dugin . 
  personally , i reckon the west has just had to find some kind of bogeyman , someone ran across dugin , wrote a newspaper article about it , and it all exploded from there . 
  people in those quotes do n't necessarily want to see the uk leave , they just want the uk to have some vision ( via the referendum ) on whether it wants to commit or not . 
  yep , and the poles were n't invited to the victory parade either . 
  all ftas are negotiated in secret . 
  this is n't atypical . 
  some kind of isds is part of the majority of investment and ftas in the world . 
  the sky has n't fallen in yet . 
  these people do n't shape public opinion , they follow it . 
  clearly not leadership material . 
  probably nothing , most brits know absolutely nothing about the cap and how it functions , it 's history , and it 's present state . 
  they just vaguely remember hearing about those evil eu agricultural practices and say it 's bad . 
  wow , do you think maybe the first reply is the one that i was linking to ? 
  for a great rebuttal ( because his points are all really shit ) [ see here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1798uw/redditors_from_the_uk_can_you_provide_facts/c83eydo ), 
  i actually read a great academic article on it a few days ago , but could n't find it when i posted about this yesterday as well . 
  [ here 's a briefing paper ] ( http://www.chathamhouse.org/sites/default/files/public/research/russia%20and%20eurasia/0812bp_dragnevawolczuk.pdf ) , however , from one of the world 's most respected organizations in the area on the matter . 
  it supports that conclusion . 
  particularly of interest to you would be footnote 2 . 
  most analyses of the customs union show that every country in it will lose gdp growth as a result , mostly due to trade diversion factors . 
  further integration should just exacerbate that . 
  yes , i can . 
  as i said , i think our fundamental difference of opinion is that i do n't see someone that fights against an oppressive regime as a criminal . 
  i also do n't have any problem with people that want to fight assad , provided that they leave that past life alone when they get to sweden . 
  it seems , by all measures , that this kdp fighter did leave that past behind when he began his life in sweden . 
  i think the difference of opinion we 're having here is that i do n't think someone is a criminal psychopath for fighting against an oppressive regime . 
  he has n't tried to explain why i 'm wrong , he just said i was . 
  how do i do that ? 
  by pointing out ( factually ) that the ideas proposed to deal with refugees are currently illegal ? 
  i do n't think you have the facts straight . 
  according to the article , the un high commissioner on refugees ( a single person at the highest level ) gave him refugee status , not turkey specifically . 
   of course it does n't because then it would lose credibility .
