  regardless , i 've seen little since that would convince me it 's anything more than correlation . 
  thanks for that !, 
  i do n't know enough about the subject to answer with any authority . 
  it 's impossible to predict . 
  moldova a lot sooner than ukraine , but i imagine it would be at least 15 years . 
  of course , that 's assuming moldova doesnt get folded back into romania . 
  no , you could n't . 
  imagine the russian customs union has a 40 % tariff on european dairy , but under an fta with ukraine it 's only 20 % . 
  europeans would then just ship it to ukraine at the 20 % rate with which it would get into the russian one . 
  a customs union has to have harmonized tariff and duty rates , else it 's not a customs union anymore , and an fta with a single member in a customs union would invalidate that . 
  well , perhaps not controversial , but there 's far from an academic consensus , with most of the papers i 've read on the subject pretty convinced that it 's junk . 
  democratic peace theory is still pretty controversial , there 's no consensus on it yet . 
  in fact , usually they found that democracy is incidental to peace , not the cause of it . 
  sent . 
  i can pm you the bibliography if you 'd like . 
  it 's possible . 
  the thing is , it 's extremely difficult to do studies about negotiations , precisely because they 're done in secret . 
  but researchers have found some innovative ways to examine data ( most of my sources used the dataset ` the european union decides ' ) , and the conclusions seemed to be that the outcomes of com negotiations were 50 % national factors such as the fact that smaller countries tended to have smaller national ministries that were able to quickly communicate between eachother and relay the information they needed . 
  the other 50 % was institutional factors , such as that negotiations in the eu tend to , for the most part , be integrative ( win-win ) rather than distributive ( zero-sum ) , and institutional factors were on the side of the smaller countries . 
  interestingly , they also found that whenever a country tried to frequently state its policy positions in an effort to dominate the discussion , they 'd lose out overall . 
  as the countries that did this were invariably the large countries that tried , due to their perceived power and importance , i think it 's fair to say that it 's much closer to negotiations between equals within the council of ministers , than a case of big countries dominating small ones . 
  larger countries were the ones that predominantly went for distributive bargaining as well , and when it did n't backfire and make them lose ground on the outcome , it led to stall talks with an outcome still closer to the smaller countries than the larger countries . 
  they may have more resources , but they 're not using them anywhere near efficiently . 
  $ 40 billion dollars of gazproms profit ( about half their total ) was lost to corruption and inefficiency . 
  they 're not finding new oil and gas fields as fast as they 're extracting them ( production has n't gone up for over a decade ) . 
  there 's little investment in developing existing fields or in exploring new ones , let alone in the technical innocations during the soviet period that kept it strong . 
  a prolonged drop in energy prices would destroy the government . 
  the slow death of gazprom right now ( which accounts for about 20 % of government revenue ) is just going to make things far more difficult for the country . 
  very interesting . 
  this article goes a little more into it http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/silesian_metropolis, 
  specific examples ? 
  but i wrote a literature review a while back that found that within the council of ministers smaller countries got outcomes closer to their negotiating position than larger countries . 
  katowice with 2.5 million ? 
  i 'm skeptical . 
  heh , actually i am at the moment . 
  the whole resurgence of the kalmar union thing so many scandinavians have is so weird to me . 
  there were threats of war if norway seceded from the sweden . 
  sweden and denmark have been at war with eachother more times than any other pairing of countries in europe . 
  and now a hundred years passes , and they 're in the eu , together ( well , kind of in norways case ) , and still so many swedes when i was in uppsala were saying they 'd love to replace the eu with a renewed kalmar union . 
  but , i guess by being the most populous ethnic group by far in the kalmar union they 'd have most of the power , so it makes sense there . 
  i 'm claiming that the fact that the proposal was made was good , because it would provide a spark for people to discuss democracy in a modern context , instead of relying on a century old institution that has only changed in minor ways and is n't up to date with the way information flow and technology works now , not that the content of the proposal ( ie , ` lets have a secret ballot guys ! ' ), 
  was a good idea . 
  but we discussed this already a month or two ago . 
  you did n't get it then it seems , so i do n't see why you 'd get it now . 
  and i never said that the secret ballot itself was a good thing , i said the proposal for the secret ballot was . 
  but you have a habit of twisting peoples words to suit your purposes , as you did with cordazine . 
  no it 's not , it 's ambiguous . 
  to me it read ` the eu is not the united states of europe , * and no one has voted for that [ this topic that we were discussing ] * , that topic being benefits for eu migrants in the uk . 
  he has a habit of doing that . 
  i once said that i thought the proposal to put the budget vote on a secret ballot was a good thing , because it would mean people would start questioning how we want democracy in europe to function . 
  according to him , i 'm now a fascist that thinks people should n't have the right to vote . 
  urgh , polish nationalists piss me off . 
  his view is that an action is democratically legitimate if it coincides with his views . 
  you 're using downvotes to determine who 's right and wrong ? 
  on this subreddit of all places ? 
  holy shit , you are an honest to god fucking simpleton . 
  that was a discussion you were in with an irish bloke . 
  he absolutely destroyed every one of those arguments that you used in your post here . 
  clearly you 're incapable of understanding it . 
  i still think , as far as fucked up languages go , polish is harder . 
  but perhaps that 's only because i learnt that up to c1 and so i know it 's crazy difficult at the end , as opposed to finnish which i could only get upto a2 and hence do n't know how difficult it really is . 
  this has already been explained to you , in great depth , and very clearly [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1m68u2/europeans_now_revive_europe_join_eunow/cc671j7 ) before . 
  it 's a long discussion ( 20 or so comments ) , but it 's worth reading to the end . 
  if you still do n't understand it , then i 'm afraid there 's no hope for you . 
   demanding reference upon reference from me and then just lying about it being 60,000 a year when it was clearly much more . 
  i even said that that was according to your website , which it was . 
  because on your last account , you had a habit of deleting your posts a day or two after you made them . 
  the mod had noticed though . 
  but instead , believe your ` mods ban eurosceptics ' conspiracy . 
  i 'm also not so convinced that poland is an economic tiger . 
  i do n't think the current government is doing enough to create a niche for poland , politics there seems to be about staying in government more than formulating long term policy . 
  but then lately , where is n't it ? 
  we had a government that was trying that , and they were replaced by a pack of monkeys who implemented a bunch of upper class welfare , scrapped proposed investments in education and infrastructure that international analysts said were fantastic , and scrapped the carbon price and mining rent resource tax ( similar to norways oil fund ) . 
  if anyone believes this guys twaddle , keep in mind that he was banned previously and i was n't . 
  there 's a reason for that . 
   your complete and utter rambling hysteria at being challenged compounds my point about how this project will not abide by other opinions . 
  a democrat does n't fear being challenged in debate . 
  you come into a post where i 'm * translating what was in the linked image * and bring up issues irrelevant to the debate , bring up old issues where you magically claim that you won despite your argumentation being completely fucking crazy off base , and then you say ' a democrat does n't fear being challenged in a debate ' ? 
  mate , you 're an intellectual nobody , an annoying gnat who can barely string a though along . 
   consistently beaten by me you are a joke . 
  actually , this muppet was banned from / r/europe previously , precisely because he was following me around ( to almost every single one of my posts ) and attributing false claims of what i 'd said . 
  the mods , evidently , agreed that he was slandering me and he was banned . 
  in short , most of what he 's written here is a misrepresentation , or a flat out lie , about any of my positions , and this fellow is such a low-down and rotten to the core piece of shit that he 'd stoop to any means , including lying about the eu ( and it 's supporters ) . 
  if there 's someone that 's fundamentally an anti-democratic type , it 's you who sows fear and untruths . 
  the premier populist semi-fascist who would stoop to any means to ensure you only think his way , or if you dont then he 'll slander and libel you at every turn . 
  general rule : the further south and east you go , the cheaper and more fun it is , at the cost of a worse education . 
  the banking union wants to take your money and your life ? 
  lol . 
  sell more fear !, 
  it can be either ( or both ! ), 
  estonia is also having crazy high emigration rates of it 's youth . 
  wait , is n't squatting something that should be illegal ? 
  it 's not in australia or new zealand , and from that i can infer that most of the rest of your list is bullshit as well . 
  greece , pay your debts !, 
  they both definitely have a bias , though knowing what it is and having a basic knowledge of the topic at hand means you can easily read between the lines . 
  it 's undoubtedly the best newspaper for keeping up with what 's going on in the world . 
  just keep in mind that , despite it 's claim to be radical centrist free-market , it 's taken a very hard turn towards neoliberal ( though this was always there to some extent ) and neocon values . 
  take it 's recommendations on economics , and especially on social issues , with a grain of salt . 
  otherwise , if you 're not a french speaker , le monde diplomatique is very good , though it only comes out monthly . 
   we could build hundreds of cute rainbows across poland for that money .
