  there 's an idea i 've been toying with . 
  i think the biggest problem is insecure people , that have a difficulty finding out ` where they belong ' . 
  then they find some idea , some notion , such as nationalism or religiosity that makes them feel like they belong and they adopt that identity as their own and cling to it strongly . 
  they no longer become ` individuals ' , but part of the whole and from there the hatred against others springs forth . 
  basically just a latent mob-mentality until shit hit the fan . 
  because he 's a golden dawn styled racist . 
  most of his points are misrepresentations/mischaracterizations of what 's actually going on , outright fabrications , or heavily exagerrated . 
  the swedish rape problem , for example , comes not because people in sweden ( or non-swedes as he calls them ) rape more , but because of the way that the statistics are collected . 
  as someone that has never heard of this person before , nor the context , could you please give a brief rundown ? 
  funny , a quick wiki check suggests that greece has even fewer per capita than many other european countries . 
  taken from [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_foreign-born_population ) . 
  i think you 've been blatantly lied to by your golden dawn friends . 
  have n't met many indonesians ? 
  some of my favourite people on the planet . 
  are you kidding ? 
  sexual slavery is massively rampant in the west and in europe , women get kidnapped everyday in eastern europe , let alone elsewhere , to be taken to brothels for the pleasures of european men . 
  i was actually thinking a thai curry more than an ` indian ' one . 
  you made my point better than i could . 
  well that 's exactly my point . 
  a single smart bomb is incredibly more destructive than a single bomb from a ww2 plane . 
  i do n't see how this is controversial . 
  as to warsaw and tokyo , i do n't think they show anywhere near as much of the human suffering as what this father did . 
  i like how / u/jacksambuck characterized this earlier ;  norway , doing the right thing in the face of overwhelming support . 
  it 's not even that shitty , i 've been to worse just in melbourne . 
  yes , a raid by hundreds of bombers , not a single bomb . 
  easiest to be plainly seen and quantified , let alone experienced . 
  who has n't had a kebab or a curry ? 
  because race is an outdated concept you ignorant bigot , so calling someone racist means something different than people 's skin pigment . 
  yeah , because trying out an exotic dish you made yourself without ever having seen , heard , or experienced it before is totally the same as going to a restaurant run by the people coming from those countries whose families have been cooking said dishes for generations . 
   i 'm just assuming based on the fact that you call people racist for the slightest criticism of anything even peripherally non-white . 
  i call you racist because you fucking are . 
   i never said anything like that yeah ? 
  we were discussing islam and then you said to me , and when i called you racist you said ** `` the problem with leftists like you is that you 're incapable of distinguishing race/ethnicity from culture '' ** . 
  so you think muslims all share a single culture , else it would n't be islam you 'd be criticizing , but certain aspects of certain cultures . 
  but you do n't , because , as i said , you 're a fucking racist and it 's borne out in all your past posting . 
  i would love to know how i 'm a ` leftist ' , or rather - what your interpretation of a leftist is . 
  more funny is that you think that muslims all belong to some homogeneous culture , as if there were n't massive differences between shia and sunni , or between moroccan and indonesian , or even two fucking neighbours on the same street . 
  yeah , i 'd hate to be stuck eating boring british-derived food in australia . 
  life not worth living . 
  no , your past posting behaviour of commenting negatively on pigments other than white makes you the racist . 
  compared to the wonderful enlightened european lands where they did the same kind of shit !, 
  edit : forgot you were one of the bigoted racists that knows fuck all about history i 'd promised not to respond to . 
  a guided missile now can do more damage than a dozen bombers in ww2 . 
  i 'm not talking about overall destroyed , i 'm talking about raw destructive power and potential . 
  a new account was made specifically just to crosspost this from / r/european . 
  interesting . 
  i 'm not so sure , wars are now fought in such different ways and are incredibly more destructive now . 
  you realise those were n't exactly enlightened times right ? 
  yet nevertheless , the reforms put through by mohammed were very progressive for the time , considerably more so than in many parts of europe . 
  another perspective on this is [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/ireland/comments/2abp0c/you_are_aware_that_ireland_bailed_out_the/cith8nk ) in / r/ireland . 
  i highly recommend everyone read it . 
  cross posted from / r/european , involves swedes and muslims ... 
  prepare for the neonazis , regulars of / r/europe, 
  lived in europe last five years , many polish and lithuanian friends . 
  you have yet to provide any evidence for how either of those statements are false . 
  no you do n't , thanks to failing in other criteria . 
  and did you see the other sentence where i said that fracking is not inherently more unsafe than conventional ? 
  both statements are true . 
  from he start , my claim was that fracking is no more inherently harmful than conventional , so it 's completely unfair for you to claim i 'm shifting goalposts . 
  i 'm on my ipad and that 's what shows up when i click the link you gave . 
  regardless my point stands that these are issues endemic to the o & amp ; amp ; g industry in general , and not one specific to fracking . 
  the author seems to be suggesting the problem is the lack of regulation of existing wells , and not the fracking process itself , is the issue . 
  for poland , lng is marginally more expensive than russian gas . 
  it 's more about creating a bargaining chip for future negotiations , as well as making the no resale clause redundant . 
  minimum fifty years , probably more . 
  cheap shot , not worthy of discussion . 
  the kind of crappy populist one liners politicians use to try and sway votes with the gullible . 
  you really did n't read it , did you ? 
   but fracking very likely is n't the culprit except for a handful of cases ( like the alberta example ) . 
  where oil and gas activity is responsible , poor well casing and surface activity almost certainly is . 
  well casing and surface activity are problems in conventional drilling as well . 
  not ones specific to fracking . 
  you realise that 's a submission to the eu by industries that directly compete with o & amp ; amp ; g , green groups , and the like ? 
  it 's hardly unbiased . 
  edit : ipad typing . 
  i do n't mind , provided they 've entrenched western liberal democratic norms and ideals . 
  yes , they have to meet certain standards . 
  did you even read through the articles you linked to ? 
  because the first one very explicitly disagree with your premise , for example . 
  furthermore , that was n't an appeal to tradition but rather explaining that the technology , and it 's safety , has been developed over that time . 
  no , but it has been developed and refined to be considerably more safe over that time . 
  modern effective regulation can mitigate the effects ( no one is 100 % safe ) , and again , it 's not inherently more dangerous than conventional . 
  there can be disasters with fracking just as their can be with conventional , but people accept that conventional has to happen without applying the same logic to fracking . 
  second , if fracked wells were to create pollution it would be a reader environmental disaster than in europe , given we have the great artesian basin . 
  no , i said there 's been no groundwater contamination from the last million wells in the us , and that modern methods are not inherently less safe than conventional . 
  those are from 2011 ... 
  i thought the groningen gas field still had enough gas for some 80 years ? 
  i 'm tired of people 's uneducated complaints about fracking . 
  did you know over half the worlds global production of oil and gas comes from fracked wells ? 
  that the technology has been in use for over 70 years ? 
  that modern fracking in particular is about the same level of environmental risk as conventional ? 
  of the last million fracked wells in the us , none of them have poisoned the water table . 
  none of them in australia ( another massive user of fracking ) have ever poisoned the water table . 
  but we seem to get this bizarre image from german greens ( and sorry for using you as a focus seeing as your flair is german , but i do n't mean you specifically ) where they want to remove funding from iter , the most advanced fusion of science and engineering on the planet and the best shot we have at fusion power ( let alone the other research applications ) . 
  who hate nuclear power with a passion , and who campaign incessantly against it but seem to ignore the coal power plants that are springing up like wildfire in germany - and if not outright ignore , then the protests are on a greatly lesser scale than coal . 
  who decry fracking , yet are happy to receive funding from the kremlin to fight it domestically whilst the kremlin fracks half of siberia . 
  i just do n't get it . 
  that 's my reading of the situation as well , although i 'm skeptical of the hegemonic role poland envisioned for itself . 
  fortunately , europe is . 
  poland is meant to have one finished by the end of the year that can meet half of polish demand .
