   the anti-democratic nature of the eu constitution lisbon treaty is clear evidence it is constant power grab . 
  as i recall , only one country is legally bound by referenda , and that 's france . 
  regardless , there were substantial symbolic changes ( and this was where people had issue , not with the actual ` meat ' of the treaty ) between the constitutional treaty and the lisbon treaty which is why it ultimately passed . 
  on the whole , it seems you 're more dissatisfied with british democracy and politics , more than at the eu-level ( at least , of those that affect britain , that seems to be where most of your complaints lie ) . 
  edit : for clarifiation, 
  well , i 'd phrase it ` because the uk joined the eu ' . 
  but regardless , i think there were some geographic inevitabilities with the reorientation of trade . 
  it 's certainly more pronounced since the uk joined the eu , but china would still have a humongous appetite for resources , and canada would always end up within america 's sphere . 
  if anything , i think it was important that the uk reorient it 's trade away from commonwealth countries , as much as the opposite . 
  yep , the netherlands , germany , sweden , denmark , finland , hell - even tiny estonia , are all big supporters of trade liberalization . 
  losing one of the main voices of trade liberalization within the eu would only make it that much harder for the uk to sign a mutually beneficial trade deal with the eu following a brexit as the balance of power shifts away from those . 
  i have to say , i disagree . 
  the eu is already ` workable ' , the issue is rather that it does n't work how * you * want it to . 
  could you relate to me where you take umbrage with how the eu operates ? 
  i do n't mean the ` minor ' ( ha ) details such as the strasbourg circus , i mean actual structural problems that hinder how the uk can operate . 
  because to me it seems to boil down to ` we do n't want to cooperate in certain areas ' . 
  well , i think we have wildly different ideological viewpoints that are n't compatible for a constructive discussion on the topic , so maybe we should just leave it there , eh ? 
  unfortunately for the uk , that 's not possible anymore . 
  most commonwealth countries have reoriented their trade away from the uk since it joined the eu , and whilst it certainly has many things going for it on the world stage ( it still remains one of the five greatest powers , after all ) , it 's not in the same league as the us , china , russia , or a more closely integrated eu . 
  in addition , most countries consider the uk to have a greater influence inside the eu , than outside it ( for example australia loves it for it 's trade liberalization stance , particularly on the cap , or the us as a close ally within the eu ) , so you could certainly see it having diminished global influence as a result . 
   most eusceptics like me want britain to leave the eu precisely because we think britain needs to refocus on the rest of the world . 
  this seems like a bizarre response to me . 
  the uk , for example , negotiates in the wto , both as the eu and as the uk ( both parties are represented there ) . 
  leaving would represent a loss of negotiating power in many such global institutions . 
  secondly , it seems as if you 're arguing that the eu is isolationist with respect to foreign policy ( trade , i 'm assuming , given that is pretty much it 's only competence of note in that field ) , or at the very least overly slow . 
  that 's simply not the case , the eu is constantly negotiating ftas with other countries . 
  they 're not the kind of things you finish in 6 months and both parties sign , negotiations take * years * and it is an empirical fact that larger parties get better results than smaller ones in non-institutionalized negotiating settings . 
  if the uk were really concerned about global trade engagement , it would employ it 's considerably talented diplomatic corps to that outcome , as opposed to sitting indecisively on the edge of the pool wondering whether to dive in or not . 
  farage has long had a tenuous grasp on the concepts of ` truth ' , ` facts ' , and ` reality ' . 
  yes , more than there are * in detention * . 
  over 90 % of asylum seeker claims in australia are ultimately accepted , many have integrated into the community . 
  you remain wrong . 
  you did n't address my points at all . 
  you just said ` they 're are good immigrants and bad immigrants ' to try and support your position of only immigrant communities having to do any work to integrate . 
  as to asians rioting in sydney , no , they do n't , but there are a number of criminal youths full of people of asian descent that roam areas such as springvale and box hill in melbourne . 
  guess we should kick them out , huh ? 
  second , you 're wrong to generalize all lebanese immigrants like that . 
  the ` problem ' lebanese all came from one area , where poverty and lack of opportunity gave them little other outlet but to turn to crime and a radicalization of what they believed lebanese culture was all about . 
  the ones rioting were n't immigrants , but the children of immigrants . 
  no , because of all the boats that get intercepted and that have the asylum seekers put onto detention centers that are not on australian territory . 
  the number you 're referring to is that of * illegal immigrants * , not * illegal immigration * . 
  second , anyone that arrives by boat and request asylum is , by definition , not an illegal immigrant , but rather an asylum seeker . 
   by creating arbitrary laws and '' human rights '' . 
  a country 's right to self-determination is above any un '' right '' in my book . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  they do n't make arbitrary laws and ` human rights ' . 
  they make conventions , and country 's have the option of ratifying them or not . 
  most do . 
  every country has the choice of if they want to participate , and it just so happens that almost all do . 
  so it becomes clear that not only are you categorically wrong , you also have no understanding of what you 're talking about . 
   in my book , that 's a blatant threat . 
  well then it was a mistake for your book to have even been published , let alone written . 
  first , most , if not all , have not had their claims rejected by any government . 
  those that have and try and arrive are criminals , but the overwhelming majority have n't . 
  second , any country that has ratified the un refugee convention , by their own law , has to process the claims of any person that enters their territory and requests asylum . 
  this means examining their claim to a certain set criteria , and giving them protection in the country while it is being processed . 
  now , you 're probably going to bitch and whine about the un convention on refugees and how it should n't have been ratified , but the point is that * it has * and hence it 's pointless to talk any more about the subject . 
  your view that they 're not locals is part of the problem . 
  they live there now , they are part of the society and the community , ergo they 're locals , as opposed to tourists or temporary visitors . 
  they 're not * original * locals , but how does treating them as if they do n't belong there ( ie : not locals ) help to integrate them . 
  my mother emigrated to australia from europe some forty years ago . 
  these days she 's about as aussie as you can get , because during her early years when she was still learning english ( she knew none previously ) many australian neighbours took her under their wing , despite her not being able to communicate with them basically at all . 
  they taught her australian values and culture , they are behind her success story as an immigrant ( she 's now a doctor ) . 
  this is why i 'm saying integration is a two way street , how can people expect immigrants to integrate if they do n't try and share with them what their culture is all about ? 
  i do n't know where this bullshit about swedish muslims being trouble is coming from , rosengard had some problems that are exaggerated by swedish nationalists and exacerbated by poverty . 
  the riots earlier were absolutely trivial and completely overblown by international media . 
  swedish integration policy is , on the whole , great compared to many other countries ( sfi should be mimicked around the world ) , i 'd even rate it as one of the best in the world . 
  yes , and i 'm saying there is considerably more . 
  there was also a series of reports from government departments that were quashed because they were too positive of eu immigration . 
  great , so next time i see an austrian in trouble i should ignore them because ` it 's not my responsibilty ', 
  that 's one interpretation , sure . 
  it could also be institutional/societal intransigence , or a host of other factors . 
  i do n't know much about the specifics of dutch integration policy so i could n't comment either way . 
  to me it suggests that dutch integration policy is insufficient , or underfunded , or poorly thought out . 
  not picking sides here , but ` it 's the fault of dutch integration policy ' is not equivalent to ` it 's all the fault of racists ', 
  the onus is on * both * if you want a healthy well functioning society . 
  integration is a two way street , hard to be integrated ( for example ) if you 're not accepted as locals . 
  they are n't an invading force . 
  and how on earth does the un impinge on sovereignty ? 
  we have considerably more ` illegal immigrants ' coming than just 5 % . 
  i 'm crazy for thinking we should n't shoot children to prevent boats full of immigrants arriving to europe ? 
  greece and iceland are simply incomparable in this case . 
  the guy is a well know nutjob on / r/europe , best to ignore him . 
  germany is the key . 
  if you merkel turns sour on russia ( ie : to the point of doing something ) , then it 's all over for russia . 
  shape german public opinion , and you make it that much easier for merkel to continue doing nothing . 
  well , i 'm surprised to see that you 're happy with leaving children to drown in the sea just because you do n't want 10eurocents of your tax dollars going to supporting them , but i guess that 's your choice , eh ? 
  `` i do n't want humans being replaced by humans lol '', 
  it would take massive support , both financial and personnel , to do it . 
  they 're having enough problems of their own post-arab-spring . 
  that would mean sending our own personnel there , including security teams for them , and trying to clamp down on the locals being bribed too , whilst much of the financial aid gets lost through graft . 
  no , in australia everyone complains about ` boat people ' but conveniently ignore all the british/american/what-have-you people that have overstayed their visas for years on end . 
  they 're only pissed off because the people that are coming are brown and poor . 
  racism has mutated into a blanket term for all kinds of xenophobia and bigotry against people from other countries/ethnicities/skin colours these days . 
  there was certainly an agreement with qaddafi about it . 
  but the current government is n't very stable , and may be unwilling to accept a boat full of people that may be militants against it . 
  if such an agreement works , then great !, 
  i 'm all for it . 
  given people have , multiple times , advocated shooting/bombing the boats on this subreddit , i think it 's an extremely apt statement . 
  nobody mentioned the eu ...
