  i 'm curious , how is the eu restricting how italy can manage migrants ? 
  are you igelkotten ? 
  you argue and sound like him . 
  it 's a terrible solution , and is repeatedly criticized by the un human rights council . 
  there were beatings and killings in one not even a year ago . 
  the conditions are terrible . 
   no education , no western values ( think gender equality ) and most do n't even speak our language . 
  i do n't think you understand what a refugee is ... 
  the current generation is living off the exploitation of those people in the past . 
  those people 's children are living in worse conditions because of our ancestors exploitation . 
  the entire premise of the video is faulty . 
  that 's immediately evident to anyone with half a brain . 
  wow , you posted a video by a well known american racist . 
  you sure proved me wrong !, 
  it did all that it was able , given the limitations put on it by member states . 
  similarly with the yugoslav crisis , the eu actually managed to broker a peace that effectively kept slovenia out of the thick of it ( the brijuni accord ) before fighting resumed . 
  as the eu does n't have an army , it could n't exactly step in and contain the situation . 
  i do n't think it 's fair to blame the eu for trying to keep the peace , let alone calling it an ` eu empire ' , when they undertook all means and efforts available to them to try and prevent war in the first place . 
  what would you have had them do to prevent conflict in either of those areas ? 
   breed what do you think they are , farm animals ? 
  i was reservedly with you , right up until the fourth point . 
  my impression was that you reached that point years ago . 
   there is a solution . 
  you just do n't like the solution . 
  yes , i do n't feel gunning down boats full of refugee is a solution , just like i do n't see gassing the jews as a solution ...  once again i suggest you study where the most of refugees from conflicts go . 
  that is where we help them , not here . 
  what , so they can sit in a refugee camp for years on end where rape and crime are rampant , where facilities are next to non-existent , and where the people essentially sit in limbo for years on end , where children grow up in such environments ? 
  no thanks . 
   that is completely incorrect . 
  maybe that accounts for a few in the mediterranian , but hardly for the largest part of the refugees , for example not the million in turkey you just referred to . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  turkey accepted them . 
  so yes , you can leave them to die , or you can accept them . 
   and , you ignore that one can send them back , refuse any recidensy of people who do not enter legally etc - millions of options that does n't include killing/letting people die . 
  under the un convention on refugees , if they make it to your territory they have the right to request political asylum . 
  during their application process , your country has to protect them . 
  people are wrong when they frame this as ` illegal immigration ' . 
  i 'm sure some are just economic migrants , but for example in australia - where it 's decidedly harder to get to than to europe , over 90 % of refugees that were caught on boats and detained were found to be ** genuine refugees ** and not economic migrants . 
   define a refugee , and how many , for each country , for how long are they going to stay etc. ... what is each country going to pay ? 
  if you do - should n't it be a democratic deciscion ? 
  or are you just going to force the people in let us say poland to accept two millions ? 
  who sets the limits - you ? 
  maybe poland thinks 5000 is ok - but you think 1 million . 
  why are you right , and the person who think 5000 wrong ? 
  it is not like you have the answers , actually . 
  i really should n't have to define refugee for you . 
  and what do you mean a democratic decision ? 
  the people your society elected signed the un convention on refugees . 
  that was a democratic decision . 
  your parliamentarians chose to ratify it . 
  i do n't see the relevance . 
  as to the rest of what you wrote , it 's a bunch of crap that i never claimed . 
  there is already an international definition of refugee , i should n't have to explain to you the difference between refugee and illegal immigrant . 
   why ca n't you see that ? 
  because your premise is flawed , and you 're arguing against things i never claimed . 
  if the entire population of china started a mass trek to europe , then i 'd say `` ok , there 's no way we can support this '' . 
  when , and if , that happens , then we can talk about your fanciful scenarios . 
  but that 's not happening , the numbers that are coming are not so high that there 'd even be a noticeable eu-wide drop in living standards , and there 's no reason that they would have to be here as permanent , rather than temporary , refugees . 
  in the future , please constrain yourself to just what people have said to you , do n't assume they 're `` open the borders '' types . 
  hear , hear !, 
  there is no solution to refugees . 
  not one that works within the timeframe of this generation . 
  the only thing to do is grin and bear it , and not act like a psychopathic and uncaring brute . 
  the people fleeing do n't have time to request asylum ( where just for applying , they may be killed ) , nor do they want to stay in a dangerous area while their application is processed . 
  they want to get out and get to safety where they can live a normal life . 
  it 's not a choice between helping those in refugee camps , and helping those that arrive by boat . 
  you can do both . 
  and if people did go with your solution of gunning down boats of immigrants that arrive , i 'd bet you anything you wanted that they would not increase the quota from those most in need . 
  i 'm glad i now have the screenshot of you saying you 'd happily gun down a boat full of children ` for the greater good ' . 
  refugees are n't a simple solution , there an on going problem . 
  there is no good solution . 
  you can either leave them to die , or accept them . 
  i personally , think it 's better to accept them because i have some empathy for my fellow humans . 
  there are a bunch of people who say ` no refugees ' because they 're selfish pieces of shit . 
  i 'm not an advocate for open borders , but countries like turkey and pakistan have a million or more refugees in their borders . 
  the idea that europe could n't support 400,000 is laughable . 
  i do n't know anyone that wants to open the borders full stop . 
  but i think there 's no problem with providing temporary ( or in many cases , permanent ) sancturay from the horrific shit that 's going on in their country . 
  that 's not the same as just opening up the borders . 
  jesus , you 're a real piece of shit , you know that ? 
  not a shred of empathy for your fellow man , just ` me me me ' . 
  i still ca n't believe you are really happy to gun down boats full of refugee men , women , and children . 
  tell me , would you have the balls to do it yourself , or do you just want to delegate killing unarmed civilians to the government ? 
  i 'd prefer you did n't given they 're repeatedly criticized by the unhcr . 
  they have requested help time and time again , no one wants to deal with it . 
  that would constitute an act of war by european countries . 
  i 'm sure europe wo n't be too happy when north africa stops shipping gas and oil to europe . 
  ah , i see you 're also an advocate for gunning down refugees . 
  it 's amazing how many of them you get on / r/europe . 
  because it 's illegal under the un convention on the law of the sea to not rescue them if they request help and you 're able to without endangering yourself . 
  you need to learn your history . 
  the situation with finland in ww2 is complex . 
  they allied with the nazis , because the soviet union invaded them . 
  eventually , after having driven the soviet union off , the nazis did n't leave so they also fought them off . 
   the second phase was the attempt to transform afghanistan into a westernized country , which was hubris and does not appear to have long-term viability . 
  this effort has little to nothing to do with any valid nato purpose . 
  the second , at least , had un backing . 
   keep in mind that eu has a nato-style defensive pact as well as i recall , there 's no firm commitment to actually defend militarily in the eu defensive pact . 
  from the treaty of lisbon  the common security and defence policy shall include the progressive framing of the common defence policy . 
  this will lead to a common defence , when the european council , acting unanimously , so decides .
