  given all this , i trust the ec not to present a trade agreement which will be shot down as well . 
  busted !, 
  it 's actually at +6 at the moment !, 
  we 'll see in a few hours . 
  in which case you 're against an agreement on free trade and investment . 
  yes . 
  until there is an actual text of ttip put forth , the hypothetical agreement in the poll , and ttip itself , are exactly the same . 
  both are completely unknown . 
  yep , and the same forces that agitated for brexit are agitating against ttip . 
  well , your arguments are as substantive as they are existent - not at all . 
  they 're neither , unless you live in a populist anti-trade bubble . 
  no , because the core of what ttip is meant to be about is dual certification where negotiators from each group go through their various regulations , see which ones are * different but functionally equivalent * ( that is , one is n't empirically better than another ) and say `` ok , in this area we 'll accept your certification as long as you accept ours '' . 
  yes , someone replying with facts and grounded in academic knowledge ( that is , something i 've invested considerable time into studying ) is trolling . 
   because you say so ? 
  i thought it was unknowable . 
  the text of ceta has been published . 
  the ec has said it 's going to get the same isds provisions as ceta involved . 
  i trust them . 
  if they change their mind when the agreement is made public , i might oppose it . 
   sure , there are hypothetical ( ie : post-hoc ) justifications for why secret negotiations could be better ( for some parties at least ) , but none of them are really convincing to the modern western citizenry . 
  what you 're writing flies in the face of academic when it comes to international negotiations . 
  yes , seeing as the eu stated it 's not going to compromise on safety or efficacy of regulations . 
  great , everything that the ec has said has indicated this wo n't be the case . 
  a leak of one chapter which has been radically redesigned . 
  i know people can be against ttip , they 're just stupid for being so at this stage . 
  you brought up the leaks . 
  i pointed out it was n't the whole thing , and explained to you how that is the part of the text which , by the admission of the ec , has been the most substantially changed . 
  we can see what their model looks like in ceta . 
  ttip : `` we do n't know what 's in it , we just know it 's a trade and investment agreement between the eu and the us '' . 
  hypothetical fta : `` we do n't know what 's in it , we just know it 's a trade and investment agreement between the eu and the us '' . 
  it 's the same thing !, 
  each side is represented by the civil service . 
  on the side of the us , it 's the us trade representative . 
  on the eu side , it 's directorate general for trade . 
  as to why they have to be secret , i 've explained in the past [ here ] ( http://np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3aokfu/fracking_poses_significant_risk_to_humans_and/cseosy3 ) . 
  what you 're writing is radically different to the truth . 
  this is literally * the most transparent * trade negotiation in history . 
  never before has there been so much invested into public consultations , i ca n't point to a single time in the past that the negotiating mandate has been released for public consumption before the agreement has been finished . 
  you 're just making shit up at this stage . 
  ceta is public , it 's hard to make up doomsday scenarios about it when anyone can point out the provision that demonstrates the opposition is ridiculous . 
  you can also sell opposition to an idea without a finished product , as the comments in this submission demonstrate . 
  only one study , which has very flawed methodology , shows worse outcomes for middle and lower classes . 
  the rest show mild to mid-level gains across the board . 
  how is that twisty wording ? 
  the eus proposal for an institutionalised isds system is radically different from past isds systems , that 's why i specified that ( we are discussing ttip after all ) . 
  other agreements about isds make no mention of ` lost profits ' either , but do n't let that stop you being ignorant . 
  are we really going to continue with this facade of pretending they 're a real country ? 
  the way that it has been negotiated is * literally * the most transparent and citizen-engaging free trade agreement negotiation ever conducted in history . 
  some sectors of the european public are opposed because they are being lied to by populists , just as how britain was lied to by farage and the ukipers ( 350 million pounds more for the nhs !, 
  ) , and how trump is lying to americans . 
  the text was n't leaked , * one chapter of it was leaked * . 
  the chapter on isds , which has been radically altered since the ec did an about-face in ceta on how they want their model isds agreement to work . 
   right , but what did emerge at that point in time was sufficient to confirm the suspicions that ( surprise surprise ! ), 
  a trade being negotiated in secret was very ublikely to end up being favourable to either citizens or individual countries ' sovereignty . 
  those 2 aspect were more than enough to make public support of the ttip as a whole become very low , even if , as you very anally point out for some reason , technically the public still does n't know about individual provisions . 
  no , what emegered was a stock-standard isds provision which is present in over 3400 agreements worldwide ( including 1400 by eu countries ) , which was invented in europe in 1959 , and which - despite the claims of hysterical opponents - is n't actually bad . 
  whenever someone points to a case saying `` look at how bad it is '' , the company is the one that loses the cases . 
  the cigarette companies vs uruguay and australia ? 
  they lost * both * . 
  no one can point to a successful isds case that was bad , because * they do n't exist * . 
  no , it will be public for well over a year before there 's even a vote to ratify . 
  ceta has been public for almost 2 years now and still has n't been voted on . 
  they can be intelligent , and wait to decide on whether they support or oppose it when it 's released . 
  when he final agreement is released , your argument will make sense . 
  until then , it simply is n't suited for this discussion . 
  they 're the same thing !, 
  except that 's not the case here . 
  there is discussion about possibly creating a bill that might be related to slavery . 
  whether it 's opposing or supporting , well - the government has already said its opposing slavery , but a bunch of idiots have started protesting saying it definitely for because of ` evil corporations ' . 
  we were discussing whether there was public support . 
  i 've demonstrated there has been . 
  some people were against the scary stuff that they were lied to about a thing called ttip , that 's not the same as what ttip will actually be or of what a trade agreement between the eu and us would be . 
  your mental gymnastics are olympics worthy . 
  ttip is the same as any free trade agreement between the eu and us because * you do n't know what 's in it yet * . 
  which concrete provisions are you opposed to exactly ? 
  oh wait , there are no concrete provisions because the * entire thing is still being negotiated and subject to change * . 
  ttip is the hypothetical free trade agreement . 
  until they finish negotiating , it could be everything or nothing , as could your hypothetical free trade agreement . 
  the claim was that the agreement never had public support . 
  that 's demonstrably false . 
  regardless , a hypothetical eu-us trade and investment agreement is exactly what ttip is , just as in the poll . 
  until it 's released , no one knows exactly what is in there . 
  if you 're against ttip , you 're against any trade and investment agreement between the two blocs . 
  yes , until the other side decides to do the same thing which kills the agreement . 
  tpp has n't been ratified yet , hence its not in effect . 
  i do . 
  there 's too much at stake for them to lie . 
  public support for the eu across the continent is low as it is . 
  not much point negotiating a trade agreement where you 've lied to the public , only to have the eu collapse as a result of those lies . 
  [ support was above 50 % for every country except germany and austria ] ( http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2015/01/29/is-europe-on-board-for-a-new-trade-deal-with-the-u-s/ ) . 
  the agreement has n't even been released yet ( nor reached ) , and yet you say so definitively that all this is happening ? 
  france also lead the charge on starting the mai , and it was a great idea before populism killed it . 
  instead , we have hundreds of agreements with different degrees of isds in them , rather than stability and predictability . 
  the politicians are n't the ones negotiating it , it 's the civil service and for the same reason that central banks typically ca n't be interfered with by politicians . 
  the negotiations occurred because the 28 member state governments handed the negotiation mandate to the ec , detailing what they want out of the agreement . 
   we do n't care about earning 50 $ more or paying 1 $ less on our yogurts if it means we are no longer free to decide what kind of food safety we want the eu has repeatedly stated it 's not going to compromise on standards in the agreement . 
  the tufts study is known as being an awful study , for the key reason that it does n't even take the main variable ( non tariff barriers ) into consideration , and furthermore uses a model that is completely unsuited to trade agreements . 
  there 's a great [ take down of the capaldo paper here ] ( http://ecipe.org/blog/capaldo-fails-to-convince/ ) , but he is * the only * person that 's done an economic analysis on the topic and predicted job losses . 
   the biggest issue with ttip is probably transparency , most of the citizens in the eu has no clue of what is actually in this deal , media wont talk about it and i would doubt 50 % of the citizens are even aware of it . 
  this is the case with all trade agreements whilst they 're being negotiated .
