  are you kidding ? 
  hamburg deserved to lose that case . 
  ah , my bad !, 
  i 'm still not awake yet . 
  how are they biased to multinationals ? 
  multinationals only win a third of cases . 
  exactly . 
  and while a number of people love talking about `` oh , but our dutch/danish/swedish court is n't corrupt , we 're fine ! '', 
  - what about a court in victor orban 's hungary ? 
  nowhere is isds mentioned in that article . 
  isds is n't related to that involved . 
  are you just bringing random shit up , or what ? 
  the user you 're replying to has a long history of straight up making shit up on the topic . 
  again , that 's simply not how isds works . 
  one day i 'll snap , and then / r/europe will be in for a real ride . 
  ok , but how would that work beyond how it works domestically already ? 
  why would they need to , and under what agreement ? 
  if you 're a law student , you 're one that dropped or was kicked out after the first semester . 
  an equal say as the state . 
  if they do n't come to an agreement , the third arbiter is generally picked from a pre-approved list - one created by states . 
  the amount of times i 've seen you say outright incorrect things ... 
  the only reasonable thing , * as i said before * , is to wait for the submission of claim document . 
  you know what that is , right ? 
  if he does n't like it , he should fuck off . 
  in this case , i do n't think that 's what happened . 
  but i 'm going to wait , as any reasonable person * especially a lawyer should * , until the submission of claim documents are released which explicitly state what the company is suing for , rather than believe the first article i come across . 
  i disagree that it 's a bureaucrat , but usually it is the ruling party that decides to screw a foreign investor in favour of a domestic supporter . 
  have fun not being able to have a civil discussion . 
  i have n't called anyone a filthy bureaucrat . 
  distinct entities , usually owned by hundreds of thousands of people . 
  no , that 's what the article is claiming - an article written by an anti-capitalist anti-establishment independent journalist . 
  i 'm waiting for the submission of claim documents ( you should know what they are , being a law student and all ) to become public first , instead of taking her at her word . 
  you were talking about them both being part of a capitalist class . 
  i was refuting that . 
  no , that 's just how shares work . 
  it 's cute how you keep trying to make this discussion about something it 's not though . 
  how does this relate to your original claim ? 
  i wrote a post about how it functions [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/truereddit/comments/2srn0u/trade_secrets_why_will_no_one_answer_the_obvious/cnsffwo ) if you 're curious . 
  you are completely misunderstanding and misrepresenting the case . 
  for someone that ( and yes i 'm repeating myself ) claims to be a law student , this is simply incorrect . 
  fortunately , i 've written about isds in the past so perhaps you can benefit from my knowledge [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/truereddit/comments/2srn0u/trade_secrets_why_will_no_one_answer_the_obvious/cnsffwo ) . 
  we were discussing capital and contracts . 
  now you 're discussing germany specifically with respect to debt relief . 
  i have no problem with debt relief . 
  i support it for greece . 
  but it should be a mutual decision between debtor and creditor , and not a unilateral one by the debtor . 
  there are plenty of reasons to sue a state , just like there are for a private individual - namely that you 've been treated unfairly or unlawfully . 
  5000 euros worth of voting rights , generally . 
   why ca n't germany do that now ? 
  that 's not what we were discussing , you 've completely changed the subject now . 
  there is no immunity to laws . 
  there 's merely an enforcement mechanism for the treaty that was signed . 
  it 's cute that you still see companies as distinct entities , rather than owned by millions of people that own shares in them - from millionaires , to retirement funds , to mother and father savers . 
  right . 
  and no country is therefore bound by any award from isds , except for the fact of the new york convention which means that any injured party can bring a case against the country in a court in a different country to seize the assets of that country . 
  as i said elsewhere , international agreements have international consequences . 
  a democratic country does n't exist in a vaccum . 
  oh yes , everyone knows that lobbying means that companies get whatever they want , whenever they want . 
  they do have the ultimate power . 
  but when dealing on matters of international subjects , it 's silly to think there are no international consequences . 
  for someone that 's supposedly a law student , you do n't do very well at law . 
  the implication being to * wait until all the facts are out instead of judging * . 
  nice to see such solid arguments from you . 
  yes , there 's an international shadowy cabal pulling the strings ... good job , detective . 
  that 's not how isds works , but nice try . 
  have you considered that maybe you should educate yourself about a topic , before taking a hardline position on it ? 
  secret , undemocratic agreement ... the whole thing will be public for more than a year , and will be voted on by the ep +28 national parliaments , plus congress . 
  each body has to give assent for it to pass . 
  ca n't get much more democratic than that . 
  not exactly . 
  isds provisions protect four fundamental freedoms - freedom from expropriation without fair compensation , national treatment1 , freedom of movement for capital2 , and equitable treatment3 . 
  it 's considerably more complex than what you could ever read in a simple newspaper article . 
  1,2,3 with exceptions . 
  how will it lower standards for every industry ? 
  point me to specific provisions please , i 'd love to see your ironclad evidence for this . 
  and if you ca n't now because it 's ` secret ' , you know it 'll be public for more than a year before a vote to ratify right ? 
  why not say such definitive statements then , instead of now ? 
  i 've told you in the past , there have been changes made to both uncitral and icsid that make them considerably more transparent . 
  the company also only picks one arbitrator . 
  why do you feel the need to lie to people ? 
  does your argument not stand on it 's own two legs without lies ? 
  your credibility is fast becoming shot to shreds in such discussions . 
  almost every time i 've seen you pop into such a topic , you 've outright lied . 
  things are often considerably more complex than a headline , or even a news article written by an anti-establishment freelance journalist ( as this article was ) portray . 
  that 's ... not how isds works in the slightest . 
  national sovereignty is constrained every time any treaty is signed . 
  if a country does n't want to be bound by it , it should leave or not sign it in the first place . 
  i realise that it 's hard to reconcile national sovereignty with international law for many people here , but the two are not mutually exclusive . 
  there 's something to be said for national/democratic responsibility as well , such as sticking to agreements made . 
  there 's a legal contract between the state and the creditors . 
  you 're suggesting that a country should throw away the rule of law ( particularly with respect to contracts ) , just because it 's inconvenient ? 
  countries like latvia , lithuania , and estonia went through massive structural reform and internal devaluation that the greek state has n't even come close to , and have come out flying from the other side . 
  why could greece not do the same ? 
  the reason is , that greek civil society and democracy is ailing . 
  it has nothing to do with the creditors , who do n't deserve to suffer because of a fickle populace . 
  edit : in response to your edit , contracts and the rule of law must be upheld . 
  a state ca n't have much legitimacy internationally if it breaks every agreement it makes . 
  one of the three arbiters . 
  and those arbiters are respected law professors , retired judges , or work in some of the most internationally renowned firms on the planet ( and yes , governments use them too ) . 
  oh please , now paying back democratically mandated debt is against the democratic will of the people ?
