  lets be honest , the entire country is beginning to feel increasingly disenfranchised since the voting change failed ( and even before ) , so instead you fall in love with ridiculous over-the-top tv personalities . 
  the eu uses the presumption of harm , something has to be proven safe to be used . 
  in the us , it 's generally the other way around . 
  it 's a bit of a simplification , but i think the eu way is better . 
  disolve the nation-state as a political unit , concentrate everything at the provincial or federal level . 
  so health care , education , policing , social policy can all be determined at local level ( with some broad guidelines to ensure unity of purpose ) , whilst foreign policy , defense , and the like are concentrated on the top . 
  instantly you 've reduced bureaucracy by a significant amount , made local politics far more prominent and democratically accessible ( and local politics tends to be far more important in such a system ) whilst keeping ` vision ' and the like for the federal level . 
  i do n't think such a situation will realistically happen because frankly , governments want to continue to govern , but it 's a nice idea . 
  most people under 30 already speak english , and french , german , spanish and italian remain popular as third languages . 
  i do n't think language is a problem either . 
  china has no force projection capabilities . 
  it only started really getting involved in the international community in the last decade . 
  its military is inwardly focused ( ie : stemming dissent ) , rather than expeditionary based . 
  it 's not a super power , it 's a hybrid between a regional power and a great power . 
  are you kidding ? 
  you have enough differences in aims and expectations within your own country , the uk does n't have a single monolithic view on the world . 
  i feel closer politically to the 40 % or so people around the eu that share similar views to me than the 40 % plus that disagree with me in my own country . 
  i certainly identify stronger with likeminded people that have a similar view of the future of the planet than i do with those that disagree with me within my own country . 
  it 's more in the uk and the former ` east ' . 
  no , i mean start your own damn political parties ( social media and crowd funding exist , yknow , and if you 're unemployed you have the time ), 
  i 'm fortunate to have seen this comment in anonymous mode ( thanks to glitches in bacon reader ) . 
  it 's nice to know i 'm important enough to have my own troll . 
  do you ever post anything of value ? 
  ah , so escaped your responsibilities like the vast majority of your other countrymen , who prefer to whine and bitch instead of doing something ? 
  the sco is a chinese led internal security organization , whose main purpose is combatting the ` three evils of separatism , religious extremism and terrorism ' . 
  it 's a consensus based organization , and china and russia compete heavily within it for influence over central asia . 
  turkey joining the sco is nothing special , nothing will come out of the sco that could threaten europe or turkeys european ambitions whilst russia still considers itself to have privileged interest over central asia . 
  relax people , this is n't turkey moving to the east , but rather turkey keeping their eye on the east . 
  the worst that can happen from this is turkey using sco diplomatic support in crushing the kurds , and that 's unlikely given recent months of vastly improved relations . 
  any kind of military or economic integration would take process under eurasec or csto , both of which turkey has no wish to commit seriously into . 
  he did n't say what spain was currently doing was right , he was saying if they put in the right structural reforms they would improve . 
  he never said spain was implementing those reforms , you 're arguing a point no one made . 
  and i think your post is something that 's symptomatic of spanish people , the eagerness to blame politicians for all that is wrong with the country and take none of the responsibility yourselves ( much as the greeks did enjoying the benefits that the government borrowed money to give them , and then blaming the eu and the politicians for what they should have prevented from happening much earlier ) . 
  anyway , what do you personally do about it aside from complain on internet forums ? 
  but mah sovereignty !!!!, 
  there 's a great deal more to the democratic process than just ` parties ' . 
  you do n't sleep , do you ? 
  you do realise the two are n't mutually exclusive , right ? 
  urgh , if i wanted to argue with stupid i 'd go to / r/adviceanimals . 
  right , so you 're not an immigrant , your parents are . 
  your parents are part of your extended support network that many immigrants do n't have . 
  and as to the state that prioritizes natives , we were talking about with regards to people that are already residents of the country and could n't find work so left because of the economic situation , not about bringing in new low paid immigrants to take up those jobs . 
  sure , but you have extended support networks in your country thanks to family , a state that prioritizes natives over foreigners , and so on . 
  it 's a lot harder for immigrants . 
  i personally think if you move villages , you should move to the other village because of the culture and not for economic reasons ... 
  the fuck ? 
  why are you here ? 
  i 've seen you trolling around / r/australia , but do n't know why you decided to pop up here all of a sudden . 
  new account , long history of racist subreddit brigading . 
  if he posted on his main account the accusation woulsnt be there . 
  alright , because i was walking back and on my phone and it was difficult to reply easily let me address some of your other points here . 
   off-shore asylum facilities australia is very different to europe in terms of geography and how immigration and asylum seeking works . 
  we 're an island with no connections ( tunnels or bridges ) to our neighbours , the only way to gain access is by sea or air . 
  to our north is a string of much poorer countries . 
  they hire people smugglers to get on a boat , and ship them to australian waters where , when they get spotted by an australian vessel , put holes in their boat to sink it so the australian vessel is forced to take them all aboard , and hence australia is responsible for them . 
  this has three problems . 
  first , many of these asylum seekers were in ` safe countries ' that they were supposed to be able to claim asylum in before they got to australia . 
  second , a lot of these boats are old and shitty ( after all they intend to sink them ) , and so a good number of people drown . 
  third , this means that refugees waiting in the huge aid camps in africa lose their place to asylum seekers that already found safe countries to stay in . 
  the off short processing policy was aimed at mitigating those three factors . 
  i do n't agree with it , but that 's what it is . 
   most australians will give a similar response to questions about the abbos that europeans does to gypsies . 
  but i bet it 's the blue-collar workers fault , right ? 
   yet once you hit a workplace that does n't require very rare skills outside of the multinationals people start looking very similar to each other . 
  this is patently false , given that if you walk around in the melbourne central business district 30-50 % of the people walking in business suits look asian , south asian or black . 
  but you know what . 
  you 're probably one of those / r/nigger racist alts seeing as you 're a new commenter , so i 'm going to ignore you now . 
  there 's articles every few months explaining how qualified students who happen to have a non-swedish surname reapply for the same jobs under a swedish surname that they applied for earlier under their original one and all of a sudden get a flood of interview offers . 
  i live in sweden , it 's a nice place and i like living here - but i recognize that there is a serious problem with racism here , particularly after i found out one of my swedish classmates is comfortable hanging out with non-white people , but says that if she were hiring someone , she 'd always pick a swede over a non-swede regardless of qualifications . 
  edit : / u/delenes who is replying to me is most likely a / r/niggers alt , seeing as it 's a new account and i 've run into problems with them in this subreddit before with regards to [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1b1s87/half_of_rapists_are_foreigners_official_danish/ ) and [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/niggers/comments/1b25jk/angsty_libtard_mod_in_reurope_throws_whiteguilt/ ) , plus he gets multiple upvotes within seconds . 
  i do n't really know the context , nor if this is an accurate account , but there 's nothing that pisses me off more than police abuses , especially riot police abuses . 
  yeah , damn those royal air force bastards !, 
  i 've seen that argument put forth , but i did n't agree with it . 
  if that were the case then much higher rates of women should be being promoted now , and that 's simply not happening . 
  i drove through there once . 
  but i think i hear way more about estonia and lithuania than i ever do about latvia , but that might just because because i have lots of estonian and lithuanians friends and no latvian ones !, 
  so if there were a board full of women ? 
  but the kind of things a leader has to deal with are n't genetic . 
  most people in a company would have little to no idea who is on their board , so any kind of ` alpha male ' stuff is simply not applicable . 
  what 's important for a company to be well run is the stuff i mentioned before . 
  that was an over-the-top example , in case it was n't clear . 
  like i said , a lot of high level jobs are ` groomed ' . 
  so the candidate that 's most likely to get it is the one that the incumbent has been mentoring and helping for the past few months/years . 
  men will often choose men , women will often choose women . 
  and there are a lot more men working there than women . 
  there 's a host of other factors as well , but i really ca n't be fucked getting into this much more because there 's three of you arguing against me and i should be writing my thesis . 
  no , but rather that as humans we 've learnt to ignore it . 
  our base instinct is also often to kill things , but we rarely do that any more . 
  our base instinct is to take what we want , but we do n't really do that any more either . 
  we 've created rules and regulations as a society that have a tremendous impact on how we develop and act within it , and i think that if we can stop prevent ourselves from killing eachother because someone changed the channel , we also have the power to acknowledge what parts of our society are unjust and should be changed to make it more equitable for all , especially if that change does n't cause damage to society . 
   and low paying high risk jobs are disproportionately occupied by men . 
  yes , i also think that there should be more women in those jobs relative to men as well . 
  but i also recognize that there is a negligible level of demand from women to get into those jobs , so instituting a quota would be ineffective . 
  if you want women to get into those jobs , we need to change as a society to start ignoring gender differences at early ages ( for example , not teaching that girls should like dolls and guys should like trucks ) and allowing people to have the freedom to pursue whatever choices they want in life without having undue pressure put on them based on their gender . 
   that would be the failure of feminism , like someone said . 
  it 'd send a message that women can never be at the same level as men , without government helping them out with quotas . 
  sure , some people would think that . 
  or some people might think it 's removing a corporate culture that 's preventing women from getting jobs . 
  in 20-30 years when things even out and the corporate culture i mentioned is dismantled , the law can be repealed ( though i 'd prefer a timed law - ie , one that expires after 30 years ) . 
  my pet theory is that thousands of years ago when mankind was in small tribes , the biggest and strongest leaders made the decisions .
