  collecting such vast amounts of personal data could lead , in the future , for foreign politicians to receive a quiet word about any blemish that would otherwise be hidden from their public record , and why if they do n't cooperate with the usa they may have a very difficult life . 
  a word of advice , you may want to spent a bit of time on your opener explaining exactly why lobbying is n't the evil shadowy clandestine concept most people think it is , particularly what lobbying does for them and why lobbying helps to create a better democratic process than without . 
  he 's typically a xenophobe against muslims . 
  many people here also know english very well , which as a non-native tongue would naturally broaden your horizons and would make it to see issues on an eu/european , rather than national , level . 
  yeah , that bit is way off . 
  as i recall , poland had one of the most advanced [ medium bombers in the world at the time ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pzl.37_%c5%81o%c5%9b ) , and it 's ` cavalry ' was used as mounted infantry . 
  poland was n't some military and technological backwater that was stuck in the past . 
  very glad to have more press about the cfp , it 's been a disastrous policy for long term european health for decades . 
  this years proposals have been showing a marked improvement such as ending discarding and implementing protection for endangered stocks , but i do n't think it goes far enough to ensure sustainability in european fishing . 
  there are many and regular ferries between finland and estonia , i do n't think it would hit short-haul flights all that much . 
  oh yeah , demand is set to rise as well , and by a lot . 
  but there 's a lot of untapped economically viable reserves , and rates of production are skyrocketing - there was an increase of over 80 million tonnes 2009-2011 . 
  the rate of production is basically doubling every few years , and at least for the short term it 's going to be outstripping increase in demand . 
  not to mention that it also makes conventional natural gas cheaper , and i would n't be surprised at all if lithuania gets to pay significantly less to gazprom when the lithuanian lng plant comes online just when they realize they do n't have the monopoly any more . 
  the global lng boom is a pretty new thing . 
  over the past 7-8 years there have been a large number of lng export plants coming under construction . 
  just this year , four terminals in the us have gotten , or are about to get , permission to export lng and there are many more proposals . 
  last year , there were no terminals in the us that had permission for export . 
  if i remember correctly , none of these are complete yet . 
  three are currently being constructed in australia and are due to come online in the next two-three years as well . 
  put together , there 's something like an extra 50-60 million tonnes of lng production per year that will be on world markets by 2020 compared to today , just from those 7 mentioned terminals , let alone others that come online . 
  for reference , after conversion , that amounts to about 80 % of germany 's annual gas usage , and about 2500 % of lithuania 's gas usage , or the equivalent of 2.5 % of conventional natural gas production/year . 
  in 2007 there were only 160 million tonnes of lng production a year , and this post has n't even factored in lng plants that are being constructed not in australia/usa such as in papua new guniea where at least two plants are being built that should produce an additional 20 million tonnes/year . 
  not american , it was [ this charming fellow from england ] ( http://www.reddit.com/user/fitz-chivalry ), 
  cool stuff . 
  there are lng terminals going on-line all over the baltic ( another one being built in \u015awinouj\u015bcie in poland ) . 
  lng is predicted to be super cheap by 2020 compared to conventional , so it 's good to see the region benefiting so much . 
  head to the east . 
  tallinn , vilnius and riga are fucking amazing . 
  krakow , bucharest and budapest as well . 
  ignore the west . 
  it 's great , but not for a budget and for a short while . 
  brainwashed westerner that wrote one of their masters theses on a topic that touched heavily on this ? 
  yep , that 's me . 
  you clearly know more than i. 
  [ for most of your first complaints ] ( https://www.google.se/search?q=gazprom+corruption&amp;oq=gazprom+corruption&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57.2643j0j4&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;espv=210&amp;es_sm=122&amp;ie=utf-8 )  the second of their latest submarines has ` magically ' doubled in cost from the first one , despite no significant improvements . 
  [ article ] ( http://www.bellona.org/articles/articles_2012/severdvinsk_delay )  criminal oligarchs who looted the country . 
  how is oligarchy a good thing ? 
  how is it no far less democratic than the current rule ? 
  i never said it was a good thing . 
  i used that term because that 's how most international media refers to the russian business elite . 
   press freedom , due to self censorship and the like , is shot to shit and rates a freedom of the press rating comparable to saudi arabia . 
  press freedom index 2013 . 
   they have a massive hiv problem american health care is far more effective at identifying hiv/aids . 
  many russian people live with aids and do n't know it . 
  you 're referring to registered numbers of hiv infected . 
  [ the actual numbers , according to every single source including the un ] ( http://data.unaids.org/pub/report/2008/russia_2008_country_progress_report_en.pdf ) id much much higher . 
  regardless , it 's recognized as a hugely serious [ epidemic ] ( http://www.worldaffairsjournal.org/article/death-indifference-aids-and-heroin-addiction-russia ) , almost as bad as in sub-saharan africa as to the rest of it , well ... 
  i read through your post and decided that you 're a crazed russian nationalist that ca n't admit the problems of their country and just wants to pick a fight . 
  you can ignore your problems and say everything is fine and dandy at your own peril . 
  what do you disagree with ? 
  people do n't want to pay tax either . 
  potential ftas are examined in-depth by both sides . 
  they each know which particular areas within their territories are going to suffer . 
  nothing stopping the government providing relocation assistance to those most heavily impacted . 
  i 've played with the idea in my head of giving the roma some kind of honorary ` nation ' status within the eu , giving them some kind of responsibilities and an actual stake in making the place better . 
  i do n't , however , think it 's feasible politically , nor do i think it would work . 
  well then riddle me this . 
  four swedish families move to norway . 
  they each have a kid that grows up in norwegian culture , speaking norweigan , and consider themselves to be norwegian . 
  those four marry to make two families of swedish ancestry families that speak norwegian , grew up in norwegian culture , and so on . 
  the final two do the same . 
  according to most ` ethnicity is the be all end all ' people , they would not be norwegian , they 'd be swedish , which according to your views is the only logical conclusion . 
  frankly , i find your view irreconcilable with accepting those people as norwegian . 
  which is where most xenophobic peoples views fall apart . 
  go back far enough , and no one is part of that nationality , that culture , that ethnicity . 
  it 's a social construct , that people can adopt and become apart of . 
  why can sven whose family comes from skane become a norwegian , but not saaid whose family comes from somalia ? 
  norwegian citizen ? 
  norwegian . 
  the country is absolutely riddled with corruption . 
  their energy companies , for their size and resources , turn a shitty profit in comparison to other energy companies of those sizes . 
  for example , gazprom lost about 40 billion dollars to inefficiency and corruption , whilst making 46 billion . 
  most of the large energy companies are extracting more energy resources than they 're developing/finding . 
  the second of their latest submarines has ` magically ' doubled in cost from the first one , despite no significant improvements . 
  ** russia has raised corruption to a never before seen art form . 
  ** russian leadership has a long standing habit of jailing any of the business ` oligarchs ' that challenge him on matters of politics . 
  press freedom , due to self censorship and the like , is shot to shit and rates a freedom of the press rating comparable to saudi arabia . 
  they have a massive hiv problem , a demographic aging problem comparable to japan , and massive aging infrastructure problems to boot . 
  in the midst of these problems are huge vanity waste projects like [ this bridge ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russky_bridge ) or the most expensive winter olympic games ever hosted next year . 
  it 's foreign policy is beyond fucked up and crazy - bullying moldova and ukraine to the point that they 've pretty much turned their backs on the customs union to side with the eu . 
  in 2008 , following the war with georgia , they went to the sco to ask for recognition of the breakaway states . 
  the sco is an organization in which territorial integrity is paramount , so obviously they were firmly rebuffed with the chinese thinking ` what game are these morons fucking playing ? ' . 
  russia is seen by china as a country that has to be ` managed ' , not ` cooperated with ' , as if it 's some schizophrenic cousin . 
  they ca n't even hold influence in central asia alone , and have to share it with china , with central asian countries becoming closer and closer with china as each year passes . 
  five years ago , they wanted to pipe fossil fuels to china , but demanded it be at the same rate as what china would get at the docks . 
  now they 're happy taking whatever they can get . 
  people confuse it 's actions in syria as some kind of ` good international cooperation ' . 
  it was n't . 
  it was them doing the least bad option of possibly having one of their only legitimate ` allies ' stay in power , and maintain it 's only base outside of non-ex-soviet countries . 
  people forget the continuous bluster they gave out before the proposal was tabled , when they realised that western states did n't care about russian threats then the proposal was the only thing they could do to save face i do n't think russians are bad people , and i do n't dislike russia . 
  but i have to say with absolute certainty that they are about to face some colossal problems in the next few years that i frankly do n't think they can overcome and will prompt ( more ) erratic behaviour . 
  i genuinely wish them well . 
  a lot of the ` craziness ' that 's come out of russia lately is a last ditch effort by a ruling-duo that is in a more precarious position than ever before to maintain power ( let alone if they try a transition to someone else ruling ? 
  the putin-medvedev duo has been going for almost 15 years , they 're practically royalty ) . 
  russia is going to have an unimaginatively difficult two decades from now , and i think this will just provoke the russian leadership to take crazier , and more aggressive , steps to try an deal with this . 
  there is no ` anti-russian ' rhetoric , there 's just a series of actions that russia has taken that naturally puts them at odds with the people of europe , and a genuine fear of the next crazy fucked up thing russia will do . 
  apologies if this turned out disjointed as hell , but i wanted to impart on you why people are so worried about russia in europe . 
  anti-russian circlejerk ? 
  what , exactly , do you find so offensive in this submission ?
