  russian ships in the black sea are pretty much useless for more than an embargo , which would be very easy to get around . 
  as for an invasion , i do n't realistically see the russians making rapid progress into ukraine , let alone overwhelming it and dominating it . 
  any war would be protracted , and would be devastatingly costly for russia in a political sense , and every day would cost them severely , in terms of international pressure and their foreign currency reserves . 
  he 's destroy the domestic economy to achieve it . 
  if russia did invade , i really expect some materiel assistance to ukraine . 
  on top of that , you 're ignoring that ground based aa weaponry tends to be defensive , and from what i 've read that 's one of the most modernised parts of the ukrainian arsenal . 
  it 's strategic . 
  if ukraine moves enough troops into crimea to retake it , the russian response from the east would mean they could easily overwhelm the country , as opposed to the current situation where it 's not quite as certain . 
  it 's a poor comparison . 
  the entirety of ukraine 's forces can be used defending ukraine , whereas russia has to keep stationed across the width and breadth of the country , particularly in chechnya , the ` autonomous republics ' like south ossetia and abkhazia , and along the borders with central asia ( to interdict islamic militants along the porous southern border ) . 
  russia would * probably * win with what it can spare to put into ukraine , which is still quite considerable . 
  but it 's by no means cut and dry . 
  it 's been described just underneath . 
  as to the libertarian , he 's been here for a while and certainly acts like a polish libertarian . 
  given my cultural context , i 'd hesitate to call them cities . 
  large towns , sure , and maybe stockholm comes close . 
  but yeah . 
  thing is , the guy is n't actually a troll . 
  he 's just a teenage libertarian that does n't know any better . 
  the only image of the bust i 've seen is the [ one here ] ( http://news.am/eng/news/200359.html ) , and there are no gold coins there . 
  i do n't suppose you can provide a link ? 
  regardless , even if it were 22 carat as opposed to 24 , it would only represent a difference of around 100,000 euros . 
  because the kind of gold that is bought and sold for the purposes of investment and the like is for all intents and purposes identical, 
  russia has the mineral and energy wealth that should 've made russia considerably richer than it is . 
  it 's being squandered on corruption and mismanagement , and the refusal to develop institutions conducive to fostering business development, 
  i was under the impression that there was a fixed limit on the number of generators , but not regulation of the size of those generators . 
  so they get replaced by considerably more powerful ones whenever there 's need . 
  ok , great . 
  although i 'd also suggest that if there are no posts worthy of the title for the week ( or whatever time frame you go for ) , then you state that . 
  it 's better than giving it to a sub-par post , and might spur people to post higher quality posts in the future . 
  / r/chinesepolitics used to have a great round up of the weekly discussion , however that sub has sadly died off . 
  if you guys did something like that as well , it would also be great , but i realise it 's a kind of time intensive exercise . 
  no harm done !, 
  i think you need to reread your math . 
  a thought that just struck me , perhaps if there was a ` post of the week ' in the sub that was determined not by upvotes/downvotes but rather by the moderators , this could help to encourage quality posts ? 
  putin started this by invading and annexing crimea . 
  that 's because during the yeltsin years , russia was a [ transition economy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/transition_economy ) , which pretty much has negative growth rates as a given as the economy is restructured . 
  given the enormous potential of the russian economy , and how little of that potential is being met , i 'd have to classify putin 's tenure as , if not a disaster , then absolutely mismanaged . 
  just trying to be precise !, 
  whilst i agree with the sentiment , german gas usage has dropped , whilst coal usage has increased . 
  loosely a ` leftist ' , which from / u/xkenq 's anarcho-capitalist / / libertarian ideology means anyone that 's for state functions or giving power to the state for the good of society . 
  i was n't trying to argue with you , i was curious about your perspective . 
  mate , from your perspective everyone on this subreddit is a lewak . 
  that said , i 'd genuinely like to see your post about the same article but on the european union , if you can spare the time . 
  respectfully , i disagree . 
  currently , european-russian gas deals are done on a country-by-country basis , and on the provision that the gas can not be resold to another country . 
  this is , as far as i 'm aware , unique in the world . 
  given that these are also done on ` take-or-pay ' basis , this means that countries that do n't use all the gas agreed to in the contract still have to pay , despite not receiving the gas due to overcapacity and under-utilization , and can not sell off the excess to another country . 
  this is at the heart of the kremlin 's * divide et impera * gas policy with europe , as it makes each country an island in negotiations , whilst providing what amounts to money for free to russia . 
  russia can easily threaten one country to play ball ( and following that reasoning , all other countries ) and so has much greater power to manipulate european policy an eu-russian contract could remove the restrictions on resale , whilst also providing greater bargaining power on price , and preventing the ease of political manipulation they currently do , or at the very least nullify it to such a degree it 's no longer such a big deal , whilst providing europe with greater leverage against russia . 
  i doubt that this could be done without a common energy policy , however . 
  / u/eu-conservative 's suggestion was financially expensive , mine is politically expensive . 
  in the long run though , an eu-russian gas deal would be the better choice . 
  the infrastructure required to make every country have no more than 30 % is simply up feasible . 
  a much more practical solution would be for the eu to negotiate the gas price with russia as a whole . 
  russian gas already accounts for less than 40 % of the eus gas imports . 
  i 'm just wondering , where did all you guys come from ? 
  let alone that some of the sources used are more than 10 years old !, 
  it 's kind of disturbing that currently i see albania as more of a leader , than germany . 
  no , but we were discussing cities which are clearly larger than a town of 100k . 
  i mean , personally , i would n't consider something a city unless it had one million people , and the amenities that would be a prerequisite for such an urban population . 
  for a city of around 4 million , like melbourne , that has non-stop national cultural festivities ( seriously , there 's pretty much one every day on federation square ) , that has such a diverse group of people living there ( second largest greek city in the world ) , that melbourne certainly is in competition for , if not beating new york in , the place of more cosmopolitan city . 
  melbourne does n't have the ` greek district ' , or the ` polish district ' . 
  the population is so well spread as to render such monikers irrelevant . 
  [ melbourne 's foreign born population ] ( http://www.censusdata.abs.gov.au/census_services/getproduct/census/2011/quickstat/2gmel ) is equal to or higher than new york 's in terms of percentage . 
  surely percentage is a better measure than absolute number . 
  ` ever closer union ' has been there from the treaty of rome , about 20 years before the uk joined the eu . 
  measurable , but negligible . 
  there has been no major damage as a result . 
  i feel uncomfortable extrapolating on that , however , given i do n't know what long term investigations have been done . 
  there 've already been massive protests of the field in groningen , apparently there has been an increase in earthquakes in the reign as a result of the gas extraction . 
  one of the ten largest gas fields in the world is in the netherlands , i 'd be surprised if there were n't at least some mid-sized fields along the entire benelux-franco-germanic triangle . 
  it 's a supply side boom , but i imagine contracts are in place already . 
  australia has four large lng projects coming online in the next few years ( including at least one this year ) , the us had 4 export licenses approved last year ( where before they had zero ) , and there are a bunch more new ones such as png lng in some stage of development , so supply will definitely be climbing for the foreseeable future to meet demand . 
  alternatives are fine . 
  it 's just a matter of finding one that is n't blatant and unabashed propaganda . 
  soviet statistics were notoriously unreliable . 
  i 'd take that with a very large grain of salt . 
  less ` proud ' , more ` if i back down , the new boss will probably jail and execute me so i have to hold onto power as long as i can ' . 
  i never said i began believing it about americans , i just said it reinforced some preconceptions . 
  it was my first time in the states after a lifetime of just being engrained with the kind of perceptions outsiders get - lots of gangs , lots of guns , rednecks , ignorant hicks , etc. 
  for sure , i know that 's just a stupid stereotype . 
  i 'm just saying it was what i was apprehensive of when i got there , and certainly not that i was ` on edge ' , but rather that i was looking out for that kind of behaviour in particular . 
  [ irish travellers are irish gypsies ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_travellers ) . 
  that should explain the rest . 
  a deals a deal . 
  i 'll tell you what , i 'll answer your question if you answer mine . 
  it was n't , it was an offshoot of something i was curious about . 
  so i 'm wondering where you were linked to this from . 
  checked your post history . 
  so i 'm just wondering , where did you find this post from ? 
  i mean , you 've never posted in / r/europe before , so ... 
  he did n't say it to me . 
  he said it to his colleague after i went to the bathroom , which my friend overheard . 
  that 's why people are pushing for the transadriatic pipeline . 
  indonesia is quite good in that respect as well from my understanding , unless you 're a muslim apostate . 
  nabucco is pretty much dead , from what i 've read recently . 
  the transadriatic pipeline is still on the cards , at least . 
  but yeah , fuck schroder . 
  first comment was basically scrap the geneva convention and shoot everyone in the boats .
