  any estonians care to offer some more in depth insight on how this happened ? 
  the anger on the other side is the people cutting down the tree , duh . 
  yeah , sorry , mental slip up . 
  i , of course , meant catalan . 
  i only have one ` spanish ' friend , the rest are basque and castillian . 
  they rip into spain at every occasion , and some have said to me that they do n't want to speak to the spanish person at the gathering we were all attending . 
  there 's enough anger on all sides to feed a volcano . 
  yep , best thing to do is hope this does n't escalate . 
  nothing worse than fiery-headed morons on both sides itching for a fight that does n't need to happen . 
  the uk already strips the citizenship of dual nationals ( regardless of whether they were born abroad , or in the uk ) it suspects of being terrorists , with no judicial review or appeals process , purely an executive decision . 
  if that 's not one scary damn thought as a dual national , i do n't know what is . 
  that does n't make the situations incomparable . 
  no , you 're tagged as libertarian . 
  you 've also been upvoted a bunch of times by me according to the green numbers next to your name , despite me thinking libertarians are deluded . 
  i 'm also most certainly not a leftist , except perhaps in relation to your admittedly non-mainstream views . 
   in 1919/20 wilno was majority polish , with strong jewish minority . 
  lithuanian population of this city was about 2 % . 
  the countryside spoke polish aswell . 
  there was literally nothing lithuanian about the city save for `` being historical capital of lithuania '' . 
  see : crimea, 
   one of my grandparents was sent to work camp and most of the family was shot , just because they owned some land . 
   3 , most common story from people who survived both occupation , nazis and communists , is that german soldiers were very polite and civil , but russians were rude , violent and barbaric . 
  decidedly not . 
  there have been a number of editorial changes or even shutdowns of written media that did n't toe the party line . 
  i 've long had you tagged as hardcore polish nationalist , but how about vilnius ? 
  you monster . 
  yes , and yes . 
  seems like a bizarre view . 
  surely it was better to have them in a coalition government where they compromise on some of their values , rather than remaining ideologically pure and having no influence at all ... 
  [ want to catch up ? 
  enjoy ] ( http://www.eurovision.tv/page/webtv?program=102843 ), 
  wow . 
  charming . 
  i do n't know how correct his assertion is , but surely all people are entitled to fair treatment under the rule of law . 
  the kind of education you 're talking about , it 'd be a utopia . 
  this is why i never understand how people could be for direct democracy . 
  i was n't commenting about the statistics . 
  i 've been noticing that there are a lot more black and asian people in poland than there was even five years ago , so it definitely seems that it 's opening up . 
  i did n't find your argument convincing . 
  there are clear cases of abuse when it comes to leaving the euro or the eu , such as ukip 's claim of how much the eu costs the british taxpayer per day , without factoring in the rebate they get . 
  * of course * analyses with poor methodology ( which are the ones you seem to be referring to , because those with good methodology would largely avoid those problems except with the most ideological of supporters ) will be debatable . 
  but some analyses are clearly more correct than others . 
  yes , poor methodology does not counter poor methodology . 
  but i do n't think anyone argued that it did . 
  i was n't arguing about the continued utility of the eurozone , just that disproving someone 's numbers is a useful endeavour . 
  it 's not up to him to show correct numbers , that involves a lot of hard work . 
  to prove them wrong though , all he has to do is show that their methodology is flawed . 
  having a bad day , huh ? 
  i did n't argue that it should be passed . 
  they all said that the evidence was inconclusive one way or another regarding both volatility and regulatory efficacy . 
  german and french leadership has been lacking in the eu for more than a decade now , there 's a longstanding political vacuum . 
  hopefully in a few years merkel will be voted out and someone with some dynamism and vision will replace her . 
  last i read , hft was n't found to have caused the crash in the end , but rather to have just exacerbated a crash caused by other factors . 
  the cfs article does n't go into ftts from what i saw , however the imf working paper said that it found no conclusive evidence for a ftt helping to regulate the market , though it also did n't say that there was conclusive empirical evidence that ftts produce volatility in markets . 
  it seems that , in general , there 's little conclusive evidence going one way or another on their effect on markets . 
  good post , i 'd happily see many more such comments on / r/europe . 
   what irritates me is that they are starting this , not because they want less volatility ( then they most certainly would n't go about it this way ) but because they need to raise money , due to the fact that there are huge problems in the eurozone . 
  the overwhelming majority of the money would go directly to the member states collecting the taxes , whilst the part that goes directly to the eu would offset member state contributions . 
  that 's the joke ... 
  european racism shines through once more . 
   the ttip gives companies the power to file a lawsuit against new laws , essentially taking power from politicians and giving it to lawyers . 
  the ttip is a disaster for our democracies . 
  that 's a hell of a lot worse than some bad relations with russia . 
  what ? 
  no it does n't . 
  because there 's no need . 
  there 's a negligible chance of any kind of meltdown in modern reactors , the number of redundancies and passive safety mechanisms on the newest designs pretty much make it an impossibility , let alone that they 're built to withstand direct hits from commercial airliners . 
   pay off the credit with the money saved by the insulation . 
  the state only is intermediary financier because it has more stability and better interest rates than poor families , and recoups those opportunity costs by reducing poverty and foreign energy dependency . 
  first , as i said , there is going to be a massive increase in the cost of insulation material in the uk over the course of this project , as there was in australia . 
  second , most people are n't going to bother going for it . 
  homo economicus does n't exist , much to the ire of economists . 
  third , the cost of a switch to any kind of electric heaters will compound these costs drastically . 
  simply put , you just do n't understand the scale of the economic problem with this . 
   and the titanic could n't sink either , and tulip bulbs would never fall in price . 
  that notion is the surest indicator they 're going to get in trouble . 
  and when they do , the taxpayer will pick up the bill . 
  how the fuck do you think the stockmarket works ? 
  these funds invest billions across hundreds of well-established companies that are well run and extremely unlikely to go bankrupt . 
  again , you just * do n't * know what you 're talking about . 
   so the state does indeed fill in the gaps with taxes if those funds underperform . 
  again , not that much of a difference i think , except that the risk is increased more if you put more money into long-term funds . 
  it 's not that they do fill in the gaps if they underperform . 
  it 's that they * could * fill in gaps if there were problems , because there are provisions for it through means testing . 
  but the point is the overwhelming burden of pension is taken away from the tax-payer . 
   and yet that 's the core of the nuclear argument : everything else is `` unreliable '' , only nuclear is safe . 
  no it 's fucking not . 
  nuclear should remain part of a mix of different energy generating tools that we have to help stymie climate change , no one worth any respect that i know has ever proposed removing every other method of energy generation and replacing it with nuclear . 
   no , it 's the reason why the greens prioritize other projects , that 's why i stress it . 
  you do realize that keeping the iter black hole in the eu budget necessitates cuts in other science projects , do you ? 
  and iter already needs triple the projected budget ... let 's kick this cuckoo chick out of the nest . 
  or increase the eu budget , that 's okay too . 
  this is the nature of science . 
  if it were n't iter that was going over budget , it would be something else . 
  environmental groups * are * joe public . 
  they 're a bunch of people that are concerned enough to create a political group to push an issue , not academics and researchers that have studied something intensely . 
  and if they do have specialists , they 're almost invariably not specialists that are intimately familiar with the whole fracking process , but in some tangentially related field . 
  usually they 're also existing environmentalist groups , like greenpeace and so on . 
   they dont , generally . 
  they care about profit margins .
