  i 'm not complaining about the discussion , i 'm complaining about the people that insist their worst nightmares are going to be in the ttip . 
  the anglo-saxon model simply does n't understand france , and by the way it 's been getting things wrong about france for decades , it probably never will . 
  mearsheimer is an american neocon crank , who puts the entire blame of what 's happening in ukraine on europe for basically not invading ukraine to enforce the ceasefire agreement signed between yanukovych and the eu leaders . 
  i 've seen more intelligent writing from george bush jr. . as to sanctions , the point of sanctions is n't to have an immediate effect , though that would be desirable . 
  it 's to undercut putin 's support , both public and oligarchic . 
  the targeted sanctions are hitting many of his trusted inner circle who tend to live half their lives in the west anyway , whilst the more general ones ( especially with putin 's help of imposing retaliatory sanctions ) make the general publics life more difficult . 
  but aside from that , it 's also meant to uphold the legitimacy of the western built international order ( that is , public international law ) . 
  putin has already caused russia to fundamentally violate the un charter . 
  because so many people are against the ttip because of what * might * be in the ttip , and not what 's in it . 
  i wrote in the op that if there 's something you 're concerned might be in there , you should contact your representatives . 
  but many people act like their worst fears are going to come true ( note all the people saying `` but our food standards are going to drop ! '' ), 
  when it 's simply too early to tell . 
  citizens input is n't a formality . 
  private submissions continue to remain open , you 're free to send in your thoughts about the ttip right now , both directly , or to your elected representatives . . 
  fine , read about why the vattenfall-hamburg case was much more nuanced than the completely one-sided portrayal you gave [ here ] ( http://www.iareporter.com/articles/20090719_3 ) . 
  that 's my point , it 's not a case of ` evil companies trying to ruin things for the people ' . 
  it 's the main reason they moved the capital to astana from the larger almaty . 
  the north of kazakhstan is the most industrialized part , and it was a way of trying to prevent a russian secession . 
  i guess they just did n't plan on a forced secession . 
  i 've definitely never said anything like that , but you 're free to track it down and link to it if you think it exists . 
  i never said any such thing , but charming that you care enough about me to make shit like that up . 
  that 's such a stupid comment , i do n't even know where to begin ... 
  no , just that the ones that make a big deal of it probably are . 
  they worked against apartheid . 
  of course , there 's the time gustav vasa wiped out many peasants during the dacke feud . 
  i recall that some 6 months ago there was a joke map about where that the russian world cup cities would be , and one of those was donestk . 
  not so funny now ... 
  as a foreigner ( and hence , impartial observer ) , that 's far from my interpretation . 
  tusk was chosen to undermine the choice of sikorski as fm . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's away to keep sikorski out of the fm post . 
  he was the strongest candidate , and this is a way to deal with that . 
  i 've never been in a country that compares to poland with people complaining to the customers face about doing the job they 're paid to do . 
  tusk is an extremely smooth operator , and a very intelligent guy . 
  i could n't be more pleased with this choice , even if it is just for them essentially dropping a sikorski nomination for the eu equivalent of fm . 
  those cases are considerably more nuanced than ` evil companies suing governments ' edit : a word, 
   i guess that , after the negotiations , this one will switch to `` but it 's already negotiated , you should have complained before '' . 
  look , if you 're just going to discuss this in bad faith ( ha !, 
  ) , i do n't see any reason to continue with you . 
  i even wrote at the end of my post that if people have concerns over something that * might * be in the ttip they should contact their mps and meps . 
  but at the moment , we do n't know what has been agreed to and until we do there 's no point saying ` ttip is evil because they * might * include [ x ] ' . 
   how does this help with concerns that they are entitled to sue a country ? 
  exactly , not at all . 
  they 're entitled to sue , that does n't mean they win , and they may have to pay costs . 
  i do n't see the issue . 
   plainly wrong . 
  `` regular channels '' are courts already established and instances already fulfilling the role of arbitral courts . 
  germany getting sued by vattenfall for altering the energy policies ? 
  it 's already taking place . 
  that 's happening under the energy charter treaty which also provides for isds . 
   applying eu-wide sanctions against russia and , in turn , stopping weapon deals ? 
  prepare to get sued by rheinmetall or any other supplier of those goods . 
  also would n't fall under ` in bad faith ' . 
  i disagree , a few weeks is plenty . 
  the treaty will be scrutinized by hundreds of media outlets , thousands of academics , and tens of thousands of private citizens . 
  that 's more than enough time for the information to come out . 
   i do n't know how a sentence like this enables a basis for having constructive discussions it was partially a joke , but realistically those are the only reasons to hate the ttip at the moment . 
  there is nothing concrete within the ttip , so it ca n't be that . 
  i also did n't label every person that had criticisms as acting on misconceptions and paranoia , i said many of the people i saw arguing about it here were . 
   first , you might want to expand on how one is able to alter final agreements final agreement from the negotiation phase , before it 's put in front of parliament . 
  as to the isds , i find ( 1 ) very unlikely . 
  they get a quick legal opinion from their experts and operate from there , there 's no need to fear potential litigation . 
  ( 2 ) the cigarette companies know they ca n't win there . 
  they 're using that as a means for trying to prevent other countries from implementing it , as per ( 1 ) , but to little effect given that ireland is already about to put it in place and many other countries are considering . 
  with respect to ( 3 ) , individuals and companies are unable to sue the state through regular channels due to sovereign immunity , unless specifically provided for in a treaty . 
  in some respects , it can be . 
  i wrote a literature review on decision making in the com and found that academic consensus is that smaller countries are more likely to get what they want than larger countries . 
  you import commodities , not people . 
  if you 're importing people , it means they 're a commodity and hence slaves, 
  i 'd have to say that the level of the average 20-35 year old frenchman 's english is at the same level as that of the italian or spaniard ; that is , at a lower level than the average romanian or polish person . 
  western europe is too cowardly to accept sikorski as fasp representative . 
  yes , that 's what i said , nato would n't apply . 
  yeah , they would , because if they intervened they would n't be covered by nato, 
  if true , they should start preparing for hundred thousand , and million denominations as well . 
  who is fucking over southern europe , aside from southern europeans ? 
  ukraine and poland would definitely not merge in the current situation , too much bad blood . 
  interesting , cheers !, 
  ` import ' foreigners ? 
  you realise that they 're not slaves , right ? 
   eastern european countries : do n't wait for germany , france , italy & spain . 
  form your own military partnership to combat any future russian actions . 
  some other eu countries and nato will likely assist . 
  a return of the [ intermarium idea ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/intermarium ) , albeit hopefully without poland wishing to be a hegemon , and instead just being a partner . 
  they 're ungrateful about it because they get treated like lapdogs . 
  they crash into afghanistan and iraq with you as your strongest european supporters ( more so than the uk ) , they back the us up constantly in international fora , and yet they still need to get visas to enter the us unlike most eu countries , something that , if i recall correctly , had been promised to them in the past with that promise broken . 
  you think the new world was unsettled ? 
  i think you need to reread the discussion . 
  so again , you have zero proof that anyone wants to change health standards for the worse from the side of the eu , but a few blogs have raised the possibility that this might happens and therefore you think the negotiations should no longer continue ? 
  the attitudes in some of these discussions genuinely astound me . 
  people seem to have serious trouble in keeping logical consistency . 
  i do n't think you quite understand how analogy 's work . 
  do you really think that those that get prosecuted for such things are prosecuted for trespassing ? 
  no , i 'm suggesting this a discussion society needs to have and we should n't operate off of gut-reaction ` muh freedoms ' talk . 
  we should have a serious , and considered , debate on the issue . 
  * sigh * , this is the second time you 've taken one of my jokes seriously , just in this one submission . 
  so you 're saying i should appeal to the un to get rid of the englishman running my country ? 
  actually , i was just making a joke . 
  but on a more serious matter , we 've just finished what amounts to a drastic shift in society that few people have really noticed . 
  twenty years ago , it would be extremely difficult to get a hate message out to hundreds of thousands of people . 
  with the advent of the internet , that 's changed , and peoples words can carry considerably more weight and power as a result , just through the audience the average member of society is now capable of reaching . 
  this necessitates that we think about whether we want to continue with ` business as usual ' , from the pre-ubiquitous internet era , or whether we have to find new ways of determining what constitutes acceptable ( and sanctionable ) speech .
