  if so that is undesirable given that europe needs more time to study the matter . 
  could n't possibly answer until the actual text is released , i 'm afraid . 
  think that 's what he was saying . 
  jokes . 
  how is that ? 
  the actual minutes are far more innocuous than that . 
  dg trade basically said that they would allow for a mechanism to exchange views ( which has been leaked in the past , and is completely non-binding ) . 
  i imagine that the reason they said the part you quoted was justification for not suggesting a more stringent mechanism . 
  authoritarian ? 
  politics/diplomacy are evil ? 
  how old are you ? 
  yes , but * that is not due to ttip * . 
  that was a regular diplomatic exchange . 
  read the source documents . 
  it was an exchange of emails between the eu and the american chamber of commerce ( a private organization ) and has basically no relation to ttip , despite what the guardian says . 
  if you read the leaked documents , you 'll see it was n't us negotiators , it was just the american chamber of commerce that raised their concerns . 
  these documents are lacking any further context , and it is difficult to paint a whole picture of what happened based on those leaks . 
  the links that the guardian website made of this to ttip are tenuous at best and spurious at worst . 
  if you think that the congressional research service is pr lies , you 're fucking mad . 
  i do n't have a ` conspiratorial ' view of unions . 
  it comes from diverse areas . 
  trade unions and groups funded by them are natural enemies to ftas as it means more competition and some of the companies employing people might not survive . 
  there 's the anti-globalist crowd , there are those that just dislike and distrust america , there are those that are just trying to make a headline , those that see conspiracy theories everywhere , the ` pirates ' are against because it likely means more regulation of copyright , consumer rights organizations are worried that european standards will drop to the level of american ones ( despite all indications being the opposite ) , etc. 
  the agreement covers so many different areas , with vested interests each latching onto their section and proclaiming how it 's the end times that when you put it all together it seems like a deal created by the devil himself . 
   what 's relevant about regulatory cooperation is what the regulatory process in both eu and us is supposed to look like in the future : all new regulations are to be discussed between the eu and us before being passed into law . 
  derive your own conclusions from that ... 
  they only have to discuss it ( maybe the other side will have a good point ) , there 's no compulsion to take what they say into consideration . 
   if ttip did n't lower standards then we would n't be negotiating about standards in the first place . 
  then you 're not understanding how the standards are being negotiated . 
  it 's mostly about dual certification . 
  what they 're doing is going over regulations ( for example how much grip a tire has to have ) , and if the regulations are essentially the same they 're saying `` ok , we 'll accept your certification in this area if you 'll accept ours , since our standards are equivalent '' . 
  it 's not `` ok , we 'll drop our standards to your level '' . 
  great sources !, 
  the leaks are in the damn article . 
  there was an article on this a few days ago . 
  / u/worldleader probably summed it up best :  just weeks before the regulations were dropped there had been a barrage of lobbying from big european firms such as dupont , bayer and basf over edcs . 
  the chemical industry association cefic warned that the endocrines issue `` could become an issue that impairs the forthcoming eu-us trade negotiations '' . 
  i immediately question the validity of any published article that calls dupont a european chemical company . 
  dupont was founded 1802 in delaware , and is one of the oldest american corporations . 
  the french name must have tricked the author and editors . 
  this whole article is pretty sloppy . 
  it uses cobbled-together statements to imply that the eu commission was forced into dropping their ban of edcs over pressure from big chemical companies . 
  instead , if you actually read the statements instead of the bias , it appears that both us and european chemical companies lobbied the eu commission to avoid blanket bans of that category of chemicals , and instead to ban via evidence and impact-based assessments . 
  which , honestly , does n't sound that outrageous . 
  i mean , i 'm not the one handing out such medicine . 
  i did n't think he 'd really have the power to change anything else , that 's what makes his boredom so appealing . 
  i saw komorowski as better for the simple fact that he was boring and predictable - there 'd be no surprises with him . 
  i did n't call you a bitch either . 
  i think my opinion is better than yours because it 's one that realistic . 
  yours seem to be `` poor guys , lets just cancel all their debts '' . 
   it 's only worthy of being referred to with a smug , derogatory expression . 
  this has been your attitude throughout , so you accusing me of this is a bit rich . 
  i just do n't see what can be done about it . 
   and you also seem to subscribe to the `` sins of the father '' line of thought . . 
  i do n't blame the current generation for what is going on , i blame the past one . 
  but there are certain realities that ca n't be ignored , processes such as access to capital and creditors , etc. 
  if you can find me a pragmatic solution that suits all parties , then great . 
  otherwise , i do n't know what you 're bitching about . 
  excuses for what ? 
  it 's not my medicine . 
  i 'm not judging , i 'm explaining . 
  facts of life , like death and taxes . 
  well , that 's part of society . 
  sometimes you get screwed over by what past generations did . 
  just ask the germans . 
  the people that fucked over the generation were those born in the past , who did n't give a shit that greece had awful budget deficits year after year and just kept borrowing ( something like only 7 years in the last 30 was their budget deficit better than -5 % . ), 
  there are a number of countries that have coalition governments and the like . 
  giving in to a two party state is giving up democracy . 
  especially if they 're all as bad as you say ,, 
  so they just ... give up on democracy ? 
  they ca n't do crowd funding ? 
  why do n't people form their own political parties then ? 
  talking straight generally means simplifying a topic to strip it of all nuance and context . 
  so basically , the only place a bunch of ` right wing ' opinions can survive, 
  we absolutely love it . 
  comedy event of the year . 
  funny , a [ similar article ] ( http://rt.com/business/norway-eu-russia-gas-supplier-256/ ) came up in 2013 . 
   norway overtakes russia as europe 's biggest gas supplier, 
   a treaty conducted in secret . 
  all treaties are conducted in secret  heavily lobbied for by industries with very low public trust . 
  it 's heavily lobbied by everyone . 
  that happens with all big laws/agreements . 
   with no public mandate whatsoever . 
  the eu was given the mandate by the 27 ( at the time ) member states . 
  there 's also broad appeal for an eu-us trade agreement . 
   one that is already eroding public and environmental protections : if you 'd read the source documents , you 'd realize the guardian was talking out of its arse . 
  but i know you 're not going to read the source documents , because you know all the answers already . 
   i still ca n't see what motivates you to pop up in every ttip thread asking people to wait until this secret deal is dun and dusted and its all but impossible to repeal before they get angry about this attack on people , the environment and animals . 
  because you simply do not understand the subject matter . 
  when they finish negotiating , the text of the agreement will be public for more than a year before there is even a vote on whether to ratify it or not . 
  it wo n't be `` done and dusted '' , we wo n't need to repeal it . 
  you ca n't repeal something that has n't been voted into law . 
   everything in the leaked ttip looks likely to reduce public and environmental safety , reduce animal welfare , increase the slide into authoritarian copyright measures , reduce banking safeguards , reduce pharmaceutical safety regimes . 
  nothing says that , and i 'd challenge you to point me to any such provisions in the leaks . 
   your point that corporations probably wo n't win is beyond irrelevant . 
  it is giving those handful of organisations that already wield excessive and largely destructive power even more strength to force their will on us all . 
  according to oecd data , 56 % of isds cases are brought by smes . 
  it 's not a ` handful of organizations ' . 
  it 's small domestic business that are trying to compete against big companies on their own territory . 
   i still ca n't see what motivates you to pop up in every ttip thread asking people to wait until this secret deal is dun and dusted because the people are * wrong * .
