   does n't matter . 
  costs millions , which only law firms will profit from . 
  also , it 's ridiculous that companies can sue countries just because of tighter regulations . 
  wtf really !, 
  so you 're saying we should get rid of the entire judicial system , because even in that frivolous/long shot cases occur ? 
  you would prefer some kind of monarchy or dictatorship perhaps ? 
   i do n't think this will be the case . 
  politicians will say that after that long time of negotiations the deal has to be accepted or we will lose the usa as partner . 
  same with nsa spying here . 
  the final text of the agreement will be public for around 18 months before it 's voted on . 
  ceta , for example , has been public since august last year and is not likely to be voted on until next year . 
  maybe you should educate the topics on which you have such strong opinions on , instead of saying blatantly and egregiously incorrect statements ? 
  you think comparing refugees , to recent economic ( eu ) migrants to the uk is a fair comparison ? 
  you 're insane . 
  i infinitely prefer ttip drama to refugee drama . 
  ethnicity is n't causally related at all . 
  yes , because all polish refugees were angels , and all muslim refugees are devils . 
  what a nuanced view you have . 
  someone ca n't tell two very different concepts apart . 
  unless you think none of those countries should 've accepted refugees from poland , they 're not related . 
  i see that you do n't properly understand the words correlation and causation ,, 
  it 's important to note that most immigrants to switzerland are german , french , and italian . 
  most to the countries that are further south are definitely not . 
  well , some countries are considerably better than others . 
  as far as ` rich ' europe goes , switzerland is one of the worst . 
  it 's not . 
  which is why articles generally do n't say ` yeah , and the suspect is poor as shit ` or ` the dude never even finished high school ' . 
  but things like ethnicity and race are easy to latch onto by bigoted people , so that 's why there 's a push to publish that as opposed to their socioeconomic status . 
  switzerland has a sort of notorious reputation for being very conservative and to an extent xenophobic . 
  i mean , women only got the right to vote there some forty years ago . 
  i wish that the ipad app had a report button . 
  otherwise , i 'm forced to link via username dropping such as to / u/ivashkin, 
   just stop . 
  you 're a smart guy , but that 's just a nonsense argument and you know it . 
  race/ethnicity is a correlation , not a causation . 
  far more causally linked factors for the things you 're describing are things like poverty , education , connection to the local community , etc. 
  that 's why it 's stupid to post their ethnicity , it means nothing other than to serve prejudices . 
  the un is unhappy , and i think australia should accept more refugees . 
  are you making that classic / r/europe mistake of thinking i 'm an ambassador for my country or something ? 
  i 'm not responsible for my governments policy, 
  naming their shoe size is just a statement of fact as well . 
  the issue is whether it 's a useful fact . 
  people are stupid , they 'll happily generalize over a persons ethnicity but not their shoe size or other irrelevant information , even if their shoe size amounts to fundamentally the same thing . 
   masses people who reject secularism and progress the irony of someone from poland saying this . 
  you want to kick out half of your own country ? 
   incompatible muslim hordes well , i see which way your politics lie . 
  this case was n't about a recent arrival , it 's about a refugee still trying to reach their destination . 
  they 've escaped bombings , gassings , being chased by soldiers , threatened , starving ... and they still have n't completed their journey . 
  if someone is trying to stop a desperate person escaping , it 's a likely outcome . 
  what do you know , when people are extremely poor , when the state and society do n't do enough to try and integrate them , they end up acting contrary to the expectations of society . 
  yes , everyone knows that all desperate people fleeing a warzone suddenly become amoral creatures that are happy to rape rob and steal at the first opportunity . 
  your country had millions of refugees that were given safety in places like iran , iraq , syria , the us , uk , australia , france , etc. 
  but just because they 're muslim , they do n't deserve to have the same protection afforded to them as was afforded to you in the second world war ? 
  you were also the ` weird culture ' , a bunch of predominantly catholics and jews , given safety from the horrors that were going on in your country . 
  but you refuse to return the favour ? 
  i suggest you read up on the australian policies , because you 're grossly misinformed . 
  the australian government is n't releasing information , there are countless stories of abuse in the off-shore detention centres , it 's been criticized by the unhrc , and during the period it 's actually been a very low number of attempts compared to historical levels . 
  being against islamic terrorism is considered racism by prominent progressives ? 
  yeah , right ... 
  ah , you 're one of the types that wants the men and women of european armed forces to kill asylum seekers before they enter the eu . 
  you might not be a neonazi , but you 're still a horrific excuse for a human being . 
  edit : ah , and in / r/european [ you argue that black people are inherently more violent because of their genes ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/european/comments/3f9qm9/i_dont_want_to_post_here/ctmowmf?context=3 ) . 
  it 's lovely to see that you 're an * actual racist * , rather than just complaining about oppression of racism . 
  i 've * never * been an open borders advocate , and i completely agree with defending our borders against hostile states with force , so i do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about . 
  if you have to resort to lying , you really do n't have a leg to stand on . 
  i do n't dismiss everyone as racist supremacists , only those that actually say racist and supremacist things . 
  if your only argument is `` lulz , muslims are literally hitler '' i 'm not going to put any effort into my comment . 
  but if you actually use arguments and do n't resort to racial epithets or gross generalizations , we can have a discussion . 
  not just that , but they usually do n't even put forth any arguments beyond ` no more muslims ' . 
  it 's not the kind of thing you can really have a constructive discussion about , as opposed to ' i think we need to limit immigration because [ x ] ', 
  he is a racist . 
  he 's admitted as such in the past . 
  i get that you think it 's a personal attack . 
  i 'm asking how . 
  how was it a personal attack ? 
  if you think my comment breaks the rules , report it . 
  i do n't see how that was a personal attack . 
  i also live in uppsala for a few years . 
  it 's hell getting an apartment as a foreign student . 
  there are regular stories in uppsala of students having to live in tents for their first few weeks because there are strong rent controls there and hence no investment . 
  it 's a nice idea in a social-welfare state , but it just does n't work . 
  i 've seen proof-positive that groups like stormfront and / r/european brigade such comments . 
  i 've seen no one linking to any threads anywhere of ` left wing ' people pushing brigades onto / r/europe . 
  i 'm anti racist , and i 've never used violence to disrupt something i do n't like . 
  but apparently you 're happy to generalize entire groups of people . 
  what 's that called again ? 
  coming from someone that has never done a statistics or methodology course in the life ... 
  do you do n't know what a un convention is ? 
  i was on a tablet on a bus . 
  i was lazy . 
  we are n't expected to bring them here , but if they come here were expected to allow them to stay . 
  yes , i think able bodied young syrian men are just at risk as a pregnant woman . 
  possibly even more at risk - we all know what happened at srebrenica . 
  the problem with setting up in camps is that then you 're responsible for the safety of these people in an extremely dangerous area . 
  aside from that , it 's unknown how long such a conflict will last and we 've seen the kind of horrific conditions that occur in the massive refugee camps in africa where people might be sitting for ten years not doing anything because there 's nothing to do . 
   could you explain this further ? 
  you can ask asylum at an airport to the best of my knowledge . 
  it 's just that there are n't planes flying from and to syria at the moment , for obvious reasons and most countries , for very good reasons , do n't allow undocumented people to fly on their planes . 
  european governments have made it so that the airline that brings a failed asylum applicant has to also pay to fly them back - meaning that airlines check why people are coming before they let them board . 
  i do n't know if you 've done much flying , but i have , and it 's common for the staff to wave me ( a white guy ) through , while stopping poorer looking darker skinned people and questioning them about why they 're going , are they intending to request asylum , etc - if they 're not satisfied with the answers , they do n't let them board ,,
