  and i was speaking about before she made the mortgage on the two other properties . 
  jesus , either read my post or read the article . 
  it 's ridiculously easy to blame everything on austerity . 
  maybe the woman should have sold one of her houses at a loss and mortgaged one of the other two . 
  bad financial sense . 
  the root cause was fiscal , the root cause was n't the lack of a fiscal union is what i 'm trying to say . 
  it was the irresponsibility of giips governments that bet and lost big that caused the problem . 
  as to your concerns , the major parties now have a solid understanding of the consequences of ruling poorly now ( remember , it was n't that long ago that three of them were n't democratic ) , and they 're the ones that make these kinds of decisions , i do n't see how the rise in extremism is indicative of them not learning to keep their house in order in the future . 
  but this is a point were probably going to disagree on , so lets just leave it there . 
   always happens when you start a currency union sure , because there have been so many recent historical examples where we can base this broad sweeping generalization on . 
  secondly , why do you insist on comparing a transition economy with modern capitalist market economies ? 
  your examples still simply do not bear up under scrutiny , you 're extrapolating based on incompatible events, 
  would n't that , presumably , be a good reason to keep your prices lower and thus attract more customers ? 
  so what does this have to do with the construction of the euro ? 
  in fact , little of this is relevant . 
  poland and latvia have been developing complementarities with the eurozone since its inception , the giips did n't have that chance as they joined it off the bat . 
  your examples simply do not fit the case at hand . 
  i do n't know why you brought up them having a higher interest rate or anything like that either , that impacts on borrowing , not on internal market competition . 
  then you out of nowhere also bring up competition loss , which is n't a function of the euro but rather happened because the gps were n't pursuing efficiency through legislation with the same gusto as they had been before joining the eurozone . 
  how would they have to suffer an internal devaluation ? 
  wages and services are already significantly cheaper in poland and latvia by a significant margin . 
  your comment makes no sense . 
  the root cause was n't the lack of a fiscal union , but rather a lack of fiscal responsibility on behalf of some members ( i 'm presuming this is one of the root causes you 're talking about , it 's the one everyone is always harping on about ) . 
  a fiscal union would help stop that , sure , but the last few years have helped instill that lesson into the giips . 
  as to the rest , i do n't necessarily disagree . 
  what are one potato say other potato ? 
  premise ridiculous . 
  who have two potato ? 
  the americans have been the butt of ` bad tourist ' jokes for years , it 's the brits turn now !, 
  and that 's coming from an * american * , so you 'd better listen !, 
  wait , english is aesthetically pleasing ? 
  as a native speaker , it 's quite difficult to tell , but no one has ever accused it of being that great sounding to me before . 
  the catholic church was the principal agent behind opposing communism in poland . 
  they helped organize it , helped hide funds for opposition movements , and were instrumental in pretty much every ` fuck you ' to the communist regime at the time , the appointment of a polish pope even more so . 
  you can dislike the church , but its influence in opposing communism is undeniable . 
  a bit simplistic , they do after all also have to worry about the defense of cyprus and with guarding their maritime borders from unauthorized entry . 
  if you care about every individual person , nothing gets done . 
  no , it 's not important to remember that these numbers have names because that gets in the way of finding a solution . 
  christ almighty , i ca n't believe there 's such naive idealistic shit being written in this subreddit !, 
  what a crock of shit , defaulting and returning to the drachma would mean absolute horror for most citizens there . 
  have you ever declared bankruptcy as an individual ? 
  this is waaaay worse . 
  you 'll be voting for a party that 's anti-gay marriage and disbelieving in climate change ? 
  sorry , but i do n't see most of these things as problems inherent in expansion , or in most cases problems at all , but rather issues with how the eu was designed in the last treaty . 
  the strasbourg parliament is an issue of renegotiating eu treaties between its member states , and not in the running of the eu itself . 
  and vetos in the council of ministers require at least 4 countries to declare they 're against a bill before it 's taken off the table . 
  economic differences will stay exactly the same between the ` ins ' and the ` outs ' of the european union , without first giving them access to the eu trade area which provides enormous economic benefits for both the rich existing eu states and the poor joining ones . 
  the cohesion funds have been doing absolute wonders for helping out the economies on the periphery . 
  and it 's unfair to use greece as a criteria for proper scrutiny of entry , because what you wrote about was n't referring to the criteria for them to join the eu , but rather for them to join the eurozone which is another matter entirely . 
  as to police brutality in slovenia , the same happens in the older states like spain and greece as well . 
  do n't get me wrong , i appreciate you jotting down your thoughts on this , but i just do n't really see where expansion is the inherent cause of any of these problems . 
  sorry , what problems are there due to over expansion ? 
  i 've heard this brought up dozens of times , but its never expanded on . 
  you 're entitled to do so . 
  not good rediquette , but whatever . 
  british eurosceptics do n't care , it 's the conservatives more that would be worried about the uk leaving the eu now . 
  hear hear !, 
  sure , but it 's ridiculously easy to move food around the world , meaning a country has a number of different competing sources for it . 
  water is no where near as mobile ( by human power , of course , i 'm not talking about rain or the tides ... ) , so it has to be managed correctly for long term health and equitable distribution reasons . 
  the problem is that there are a great deal of hard neoliberals on / r/europe that fail to look at the greater ramifications of such proposals . 
  they 've never read up about , say , the attempt to privatize water in cochabamba or numerous other failed neoliberal agendas , thinking it 's a blanket solution for everything . 
  none of what you wrote is correct . 
  if they scrap the cap , it goes back to national policy so your taxes would be spent on the same thing anyway , only on average each country would be spending more . 
  secondly , what do you think is ineffective about the cap ? 
  do you know what the goals of the cap are ? 
  no , it 's actually that it 's one of the two big programs the eu takes care of . 
  normally agriculture would be on the national level , but in this case it 's not . 
  so the national governments have pooled all the money they would have put into national agricultural policies into an eu wide one , which is why it spends so much . 
  similarly , if they all pooled their , i dunno , health policies together , that would end up representing over 95 % of the eu budget , with the cap less than 2 % . 
  it 's not that the cap is taking up money that could be used for other things , its taking up money that was there specifically for the cap . 
  i do n't need to have you tagged , as soon as i see your username all the horrible memories come spilling back to me . 
  so what do you have me tagged as ? 
  good or bad , spill the beans !, 
  they were different situations . 
  i was referring to his conduct in the argument as being childish in the extreme as my reason for choosing to discontinue arguing with him . 
  he think me calling him childish is me dismissing his views as being childish . 
  i said ` not just ' a protectionist scheme , there 's a great deal more rationale to it than merely some kind of depression-era ` subsidize our way to the top ' thinking . 
  christ , are you still harping on about my comment ? 
  if you 'd been civil and argued in good faith , i 'd have been happy to respond and qualify my statements . 
  but instead , you commented in as needlessly a condescending and rude manner as possible , belittling me and what i was saying as i was ` only a student ' , as if that was valid criticism of what i wrote . 
  i have no interest in arguing with you because you act like an infant , not because i have no ` rebuttal ' . 
  and with that , i 'm adding you to my ignore list . 
  there 're perhaps 25-100 users that i see post consistently throughout the last year , discounting the trolls . 
  beyond that , people come and stay for a few months , perhaps become a recognizable username , before disappearing , or post so sporadically so as not to really have any influence in the culture of the subreddit . 
  as long as these keep posting thoughtful and insightful comments , they can help to sway the subreddit towards the quality end of the spectrum until the current batch of temporaries move out and a new bunch comes in . 
  which leaves us with the only real options , which are to keep posting as before , or quit . 
  either way , i 'll see how things stand in six months and decide whether it 's finally time to pack it in or i 'm still happy with the place . 
  with regards to georgia , i think this russian influence is exactly what it causing the country to seek eu membership . 
  that said , i ca n't really see them becoming a member unless turkey joins as well . 
  i mean , can you imagine the eu map on a coin ? 
  foreigners would n't know whether it was just a fault in the coin or what . 
  yeah , i was n't trying to suggest that the quality had n't dropped , but rather that it was still pretty redeemable , or at least the decline in quality can be arrested to an extent . 
  i do n't think i have the same bleak outlook you do , anyway . 
  i certainly can sympathise with not feeling like commenting sometimes , i 'll press the reply button and then just decide ' i ca n't be fucked ' . 
  identity is extremely malleable when it 's not tied with ethnicity . 
  looking at it from the perspective of a hypothetical 2113 fully integrated eu , i could see the people there having an emotional connection with , whilst not strictly european in a geographical sense country , certainly tied to the eus history , such as a ` european ' north africa . 
  morocco has tried to join on that basis in the past , but who 's to say another attempt one hundred years from now would n't succeed . 
  slyratchet , you 're an inspiration . 
  i generally do n't downvote unless my points are getting downvoted too heavily , but i 'm going to begin following your creed to try and make / r/europe less of a kiddy cesspool . 
  rebuild it with those that want it as a political/economic union with no special conditions .
