  a politician wants to have more influence and more power over something , quelle surprise . 
  you have * no * economics degree , and you think that economics is all just ethereal theories , instead of math heavy models that are scrutinized , scrutinized again , and torn apart the second they 're shown to be incorrect . 
  so because i do n't think politicians are evil and corrupt , i think we should be ruled by dictators ? 
  man , that 's a leap, 
  til , thanks !, 
  have you considered that maybe the reason companies like hiring politicians , is because those politicians are experts on the matters they 're being hired to do , understand the political process , and know a lot of senior figures in the area , and not as a result of past favours given in office ? 
   corporations do not want to pay taxes . 
  average people rely on services provided by taxes . 
  actually , economists are pretty confident that the optimal corporate tax rate for a company is 0 % - the taxes the corporation pays just get passed down to the public , hinder investment , job and wage growth , and is an inefficient way of collecting taxes . 
   another instance is privatisation . 
  corporations are very interested in government services being privatised , as they can profit . 
  privatisation of the health system and schools are not going well in the uk , and a majority of people even want the railways renationalised , but that is not going to happen because democratic opinion does n't matter when it is opposed to business interests . 
  of course it does . 
  acta was shot down in the ep . 
  anyway , privatization in many ways works out . 
  when companies are publicly owned , they 're a political football to be used to try and win votes . 
  they 're inefficiently run , and end up costing the public . 
  note that this is n't to say ` privatize all the things ' . 
  but there are reasonable areas where things absolutely should be privatized . 
   there are plenty more places that are opposed if you want me to continue . 
  i never said there were n't areas of contention . 
  but in many , many , areas they are in alignment . 
  anyway , there is no competition between ` public ' interests and ` corporate ' interests . 
  there is just competition between ` interests ' . 
  some members of the public will agree with what you view as the ` corporate ' side . 
  other corporations might agree with the ` public ' side . 
  it 's silly to put them into two monolithic entities . 
  that you think the civil service is directly tied to and serving the interests of corporations is what 's amusing to me . 
  until it 's released , yeah . 
  who do you think has more power and money to campaign and lobby against the agreement , the public and ngos , or corporations ? 
  it 's not possible to just shut out corporations whilst keeping the public in the loop , so the optimal solution in this case to minimize adverse effects is to shut both out . 
  that 's fair . 
  i also support a move away from fossil fuels , as just about any rational person does . 
  i just disagree with the greens way to do it though , which is why i raised the counterpoint of nuclear . 
  just pointing out how whilst they might want to move away from fossil fuels , they 're also one of the strongest opponents of nuclear power which i think is important in the energy mix until technology reaches a level where full renewables is reasonable . 
   advocating for pedophiles rank pretty high on the list . 
  depends on how . 
  if their policies lead to better outcomes ( fewer kids getting molested ) , we should support them - within reason . 
  i have to admit , i do n't know their policies , i 'm just interested in getting better outcomes for everything . 
  the eff was * literally invited * to join the consultations , and refused so they could continue complaining about it without trying to influence it to be better . 
  i actually view it as beautiful in a way - a testament to human engineering and capability . 
  it 's also not the kind of thing you typically see anywhere else , whereas forests and seasides and the like are a dime a dozen . 
   he tried to argue that public decision making processes must be intransparent due to the game theoretic outcome under specific circumstances is tipped in certain parties ' favour . 
  not about the decision making process . 
  about the policy formulation process . 
   omputer scientists are far more qualified to comment on economic issues than the average economist . 
  except for those economists who focus on heavy mathematical modelling ( and are therefore quasi-engineers ) lol !, 
  it 's clear your only experience with economics is the phrase ` trickle down ' - which was never actually a theory supported by academic economics , it was a political slogan . 
  economists do use heavy and rigorous empirical methodology . 
  it 's a rather quantitative field . 
  you seem to view it like philosophy or something , where you can make any shit up . 
  [ to any philosophy people , i know this is n't the case , just popular perception of it ]  the things mathematicians/engineers deal with are the things that will ultimately dictate the outcome of any conversation you are the worst kind of stemlord . 
   such approach allows unknown entities ( emphasis added ) to push for largely unpopular stuff , such as apparently and universally rejected isds . 
  except the eu has completely changed the nature of isds to a formal court in ceta , and is pushing for the same in ttip . 
   would that instrument even be considered if public was aware of it , knew who 's pushing or supports it ? 
  i 'd say no , i 'd say it 's a darn shame we have to learn about such stuff from the leaks and that those who 're conspiring for it in secrecy waste everyone ' time . 
  if they 'd studied it as much as i have , they 'd be for it . 
  instead the read headlines like `` veolia sues over increased minimum wage '' or `` lone pine sues over fracking ban '' and base their opinions off of that , instead of the nuances of the case which completely disagree with the headlines . 
  i 'll give him props for that , but given how emotive some people are about ttip , and how i 'm saying many of their fears are misguided , i really do n't want to give my personal details away . 
  the negotiations just present national parliaments with an option . 
  they do n't have to ratify it , but it 's better than no option . 
  nuclear turns bits of the planet into deserts ? 
   who is actually drafting the text of the agreement ? 
  at least in the us , much of the language in larger bills is produced by lobbyists , not congressional legal staff , and i would be shocked if the actual text of the agreement we are discussing here was n't written by vested private interests . 
  none of it is . 
  for the eu in ttip , it 's being negotiated by the civil service - dg trade . 
  for the us , it 's also the civil service - the ustr . 
  because you ca n't constrain the negotiating positions like in the venn diag ... wait , what ? 
   do you really trust the elected politicians to put citizens concerns above corporations ? 
  i do n't think the two are even that often mutually exclusive , in practice . 
   actually having a court make an official decision on whether there is an undue lack of transparency or not surely must be better than the shitshow that the public debate has become . 
  had n't considered that , but likely when the court rules that there 's nothing wrong people will still bitch . 
  not really . 
  i mean , some ngos have shown that about 92 % of ttip consultations are with industry groups . 
  but think about it - a corporations interests in the negotiations will typically be very narrow . 
  a consultation with a steel mill operator might only touch on half a chapter . 
  ngos , on the other hand , have very broad interests . 
  a consultation with an environmental or consumer ngo could touch on 20 chapters . 
  actually , dg trade has said they * want * more ngos to participate in consultations . 
  the problem is , there are n't really that many with the scope or interest to do it , most just want to rail again corporate europe or whatever . 
  i 'm not sure if you have the time , but there is a truly excellent [ panel discussion ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jntxgdzpmlu ) involving groups like trade unions and consumer advocacy groups that really gets at the nuances of the issue . 
  again - cabinet confidentiality argument . 
  it 's not ideal , but negotiations between two sovereign bodies will naturally have to compromise in some areas . 
  anyway , it 's not completely final - just * mostly * final . 
  ceta , the canadian-eu fta was signed a year and a half ago , and a few months ago the eu and canada announced they 'd both renegotiated to radically change how isds works to take on board public criticisms - based on the influence of public pressure against isds earlier . 
  for all the reasons listed in the `` why it should be negotiated in secret '' big arse post i did above . 
  oversimplifying to the point of being wrong , sure . 
   let 's pretend for a moment that it is okay that it is secret ( which i do n't think it is ) why ca n't the representatives who should vote on it have their working laptop and mobile phone with them to look up things they do n't understand and have more time studying the documents . 
  why should it be monitored ? 
  so it ca n't be leaked . 
   why are n't there official translations in the languages of all the languages of the states who are going to sign it ? 
  i 'm not opposed to this . 
  i told you i was n't going to release it . 
  you should also take that down , it 's not a good idea to dox yourself . 
  the agreement will be public for more than a year before there 's a vote to ratify . 
  it has to unanimously pass 28 national parliaments , plus the european parliament , plus us congress . 
  negotiators know this , so they have to negotiate for things the public is n't going to have an issue with . 
  i mean , fundamentally , you can view the negotiations the same way you view cabinet confidentiality - it 's a way for all possible ideas to be put on the table on how to improve the lives of the people , without having to worry about media scrutiny . 
  it does n't mean those ideas will be brought on board , it just means that they 're considered . 
  basically all legislation is first drafted in private , and then released to the public - and that 's what ttip is in now , the drafting stages .
