  i 've studied this too . 
  australia signed an fta with the us a few years ago . 
  the us received double the benefit that australia did ( which fundamentally cost australia more , as more better trade was reoriented away from australia ) and that the trade imbalance increased drastically in the us ' favour since the fta was signed . 
   a tax break is a very libertarian thing , no ? 
  i 'd say a targeted tax break designed by the government to reorient the economy is far from a libertarian ideal , given the imbalances hard neoliberals and libertarians would insist it causes in the economy . . 
   has switzerland lost outside the eu when it comes to ftas ? 
  according to all international negotiation theories , it has undoubtedly gotten a worse deal than it could have under a larger grouping such as the eu . 
  i have n't studied swiss ftas in depth ( aside from its agreements with the eu ) , but i have done a lot of work on international negotiation . 
   i think `` incentivising business '' can be very aligned with libertarianism . 
  after all , it can includethe removal of existing legisative/regulatroy barriers / taxes etc. 
  it depends what the incentive is !, 
  i was thinking more tax-breaks and other financial support . 
  that 's because his argument is an emotive one , as any argument about ` sovereignty ' almost invariably is . 
  regardless , i think it 's uncalled for because at the very least he is not one of those anti-eu zealots that rabidly criticize the eu at every turn , or throw up misleading statistics constantly to show how the uk would be better off economically outside the eu . 
  his only wish seems to be more sovereignty . 
  in my opinion he 's wrong , but he 's not an arsehole about it like so many other eusceptics , so the level of vitriol directed at him seems rather excessive . 
   those astroturfers sound a lot how i 'd imagine nazis from the moon . 
  you finns are obsessed with this concept , you even made a movie about it !, 
  i 'm quite certain i made a reply to one of yours earlier today as to why britain loses outside the eu when it comes to ftas . 
  regardless , refocusing does not necessitate signing ftas , but rather incentivizing businesses to take on global approaches . 
  i realise as a libertarian this may be antithetical to you , but your position appears to be grounded more in ideology than pragmatism . 
  the uk operates in a global system , a radical shift away from common practices represents a large loss for the uk . 
  mate , i tend to agree with posts in the past ( you 've been upvoted a number of times ) and have an ideological stance on britain and the eu diametrically opposed to what / u/trucidator has , but i too think your comments are out of line . 
  perhaps you should take a minute and cool off before replying again . 
  the uk did n't ` give up ' its sovereignty , it pooled its sovereignty with other countries to achieve greater outcomes . 
  you are an absolute prophet . 
  if effective , then a very promising first step for ukraine . 
  alas , the link is barely a paragraph , let alone an article . 
  i too do n't think that russia will leave ukraine , it 's political ( and probably literal ) suicide for putin . 
  that said , i think that germany has significantly under responded during this crisis to the point of near-isolationism . 
  if merkel wants to restore the trust of the eastern eu states , enhance her political prestige at home , and send a message to putin , she needs to do something which the russians fear but is not immediately threatening , such as announcing a summit on talks about independence from russian gas , or ( better still ) an energy union so that the eu can negotiate with russia as a whole for gas . 
  stockholm is , without a doubt , one of the most beautiful cities in the world , if not the most beautiful . 
  loved my time there . 
  my theory is that it 's subversive . 
  make your comments stupid enough that your ideological superiors ca n't penalise you for them , but which is blatantly transparent to everyone else . 
  after all , it 's the system they were taught under the soviet union . 
  i do n't actually believe this . 
  they are settled . 
  such agreements are dependent on the governments ruling the countries however , as with crimea to an extent . 
  nice talking to you !, 
  have a good evening !, 
  that is ... actually quite a good slogan . 
  is that in use , or did you make it up on the spot ? 
   anyway we could be here all night , but the main take-home i 'd propound is that the `` one-size-fits-all '' eu needs to break-down into more natural and logical blocs of self-agreeing countries . 
  the uk going eea would be far from a disaster but probably a good thing for europe eventually and of course the uk itself ; which has a law system for particular example that just does not fit with the eu 's system . 
  i guess my main counter-argument would be that a breakdown into smaller blocs that are more tightly in agreement within that bloc would ultimately make it more difficult to make agreements over the whole . 
  just because the uk and germany may currently agree with respect to immigrant benefits , does not mean they agree on , for example , financial services regulation . 
  there will always be points of discontent , the more members you add to a negotiation . 
  surely it would be better to work slowly by building mutual understanding and setting a record for constant compromise and negotiation agreeable to all parties , than to split up into various ` factions ' that vie to have their viewpoint heard and make future agreement between those groups more unlikely . 
  as much as i can become incensed by british intransigence on eu integration , i get similarly upset with the pace of italian economic and legal reform ( which has a large impact on the eu , and the eurozone in particular ) , france 's insistence on the strasbourg circus , and germany 's foreign policy isolationism . 
  the uk just frequently gets the rap because international media is in english , and the uk dominates that in europe . 
  * all * eu countries have areas they are considerably less willing to compromise on , that is n't an argument for giving up which would be akin to throwing the baby out with the bathwater , but of constant dialogue and compromise to find acceptable reforms to all parties . 
   they can pass laws and blame the eu . 
  this is all over europe , not just the uk and the solution for the eu to to go for a federal united states of europe and that may or may not resolve democratic issues . 
  i agree that fuse would be of questionable help in resolving these problems , especially currently , and whilst it may solve some problems it would undoubtedly open up new ones . 
  i 'm also a strong proponent of the eu principle of subsidiarity , but i 'd take it further and say it should go to subnational units , rather than national , though i 'll fairly admit i 'm in the considerable minority when it comes to this subject . 
  but given what i wrote in the prior paragraph , particularly keeping in mind the increasing anti-western system forces growing ( by anti-western , i mean those countries that , in practice reject the current international order such as china , iran , russia , indonesia , etc ) , it seems that strengthening regional groupings such as the eu is an imperative to keep the ` western ' international order ( rule of law , free market economies , liberal democracies , etc ) alive and a force to be imitated is a necessity , which means going along with the eu , despite it 's flaws . 
   but i think if voters were given a choice their natural affinity for their own nations would be to reject the above ? 
  what do you think ? 
  i 'm of a like mind with churchill on this . 
  democracy is the worst form of government , apart from all the others that have been tried , and the best argument against democracy is a 2 minute conversation with the average voter . 
  it 's the job of politicians to show courage and vision for where they think the country should go . 
  personally , and unfortunately , the only politician with any vision that i see in the uk is farage , and from my own ( academic ) studies into the topic i can list at least three points in the first clegg-farage debate of farage 's that were , if not misleading , then outright lies . 
  he is not the kind of vision the country should be following because he is an intellectual nothing who happens to have a personality , tone , and cadence of speech that resonates with voters that brings him success , and whose position is fundamentally regressive and an emotive , conservative callback promising the glories of the olden-days and of king and empire , in a way . 
  that said , to answer your question , i think if a referendum on eu membership was held in each eu country , you would see a number of countries leaving - however not to their benefit , but to their detriment . 
   the biggest slur is that eu constitution however : that is a precedent for not trusting a second time , is n't it ? 
  when i get home , i 'll link you to a discussion that i saw on this subreddit about that subject . 
  the situation was rather complex , and not the fault of the eu , but a very interesting discussion none-the-less . 
  anyway , good discussion !, 
  edit : [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1m68u2/europeans_now_revive_europe_join_eunow/cc7gnw0 ) is the discussion on the subject of referenda that i was talking about , and [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1kcxc9/how_will_a_federal_europe_work/cboci2n?context=3 ) is a great discussion about how lisbon and the constitutional treaty were actually very different documents . 
  / u/bowgentle is one of my favourite posters on / r/europe , very intelligent . 
  it 's a shame he/she posts so rarely . 
  western style free market economy and liberal-democracy ... yep , seems pretty western to me . 
  before we begin , i 'd like to say that i often upvote your posts because you 're courteous , make respectable arguments , and do n't seem to have an ideological axe to grind against the eu . 
  even though i disagree with their contents , i think you make a very valuable contribution to / r/europe . 
  that said , i have many disagreements with this post . 
  i 'll try to stick to stuff that i think is objectively wrong , rather than personal ideological disagreements . 
  first off , your complaints about the ` democratic deficit ' have nothing to do with a ` democratic deficit ' within the eu , because such a concept is a myth . 
  let 's examine :  x1 referendum in 1975 on a common market ( under 56yo never voted  50 % of our 64m population )  we 've had politicians promising referendums for years and lying . 
  these are not a reflection of a democratic deficit within the eu , but rather problems with british democracy . 
   we have the eu always `` warning '' the uk and `` threatening the uk from people no one knows anything about . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by this , but i guess you mean the ec telling off the uk about something ? 
  regardless , i fail to see how that 's related to a democratic deficit . 
   we 've seen the man-made disaster of the eurozone  18,000,000 unemployed atm this is not a fault of the eu , and is questionably tied to the eurozone . 
  yes , eurozone countries could have printed their way out of trouble if they still had their national currencies , but only at the cost of lessened quality of life and that would just have been delaying needed structural economic reforms . 
  regardless , still not a democratic deficit problem . 
   federal united states of europe is on the cards to battle against i fail how see this as a democratic deficit problem of the eu . 
  if anything , it 's a democratic boon as more voices of various kinds are added to the political debate . 
  it 's worth noting that the eu could never turn into a fuse ( ha ! ), 
  without the explicit agreement of every eu member . 
   treaty changes are too unwieldy with 28 diverse different members to squabble with and so protracted it leads to : delay , indecision and disagreements . 
  compromise and agreements are difficult . 
  they 're even more difficult the more members you get . 
  but ultimately , an agreement between 28 members of the eu is better than 7 different agreements between four members each as it further creates synergies between eu economies . 
  yes , it 's slower . 
  but it would be * more * difficult to do this outside the eu , than inside . 
  what 's that old saying about being inside the tent and pissing out ? 
   we 'll get on better with trade arrangements without the political morass that is lowering in gdp % of world share per decade compared to the growing global countries . 
  this is empircally false . 
  it 's a truism of international negotiation that larger parties get better outcomes than smaller ones .
