  you want to know what 's being threatened ? 
  the western-backed international order that actually has some degree of respect for the rule of law , human rights , democratic structures , and so on . 
  whilst russia acts like an enemy ( belligerent and threatening to it 's neighbours , and to eu countries ) , it should be treated as one . 
  when they learn to behave , then we can talk about friendship . 
  i 've criticized it a number of times ( still do ) and had well thought out reasoned replies . 
  this is where i like to make the distinction between societal and personal xenophobia/racism . 
  from my observations , in europe you seem to find a lot of societal racism ( less likely to get jobs for not having a native surname , etc ) than in the melting pot countries , but in the melting pot countries you 're more likely to get personal racism where you meet racists face to face . 
  charming . 
  well , he 's not a priest , he 's a pope . 
  ah , you 're an anarcho-capitalist ? 
  then we do n't have anything in common to talk about . 
  i like to preemptively stop these threads before they get out of hand . 
  so i guess you do n't support the government funding museums , operas , etc if they 're not profitable ? 
   it 's not about the safety to consume , it 's about the corporations who sue farmers when their fields are contaminated with their crops actually , they only sue when a certain percentage of the field is found to have been gm , because it indicates that the farmersy were purposefully doing it . 
  it 's the principle of multifunctionality . 
  it involves food standards , food security , biodiversity , keeping rural culture and towns alive , and so on . 
  again , it 's not a strawman for me to tell you why i suspect he 's a racist . 
  you do n't know what that word means , you should stop using it at every opportunity until you do . 
  the whole point of being a ` closet racist ' is that there is no solid evidence , but there is supporting evidence from which to form an opinion . 
  or do you really believe everything every politician says ever , even though there 's no conclusive proof they 're lying ? 
  i have plenty of support . 
  as i said , i think he 's a closet racist because of the things he 's said in the past and the associations he keeps , as has been pointed out by all the racist people in his party that keep getting exposed . 
  i 'm not going to run around playing ` find the source ' when you can just easily dismiss it as ` well , he 's not saying anything * explicitly * racist so what you 're saying is stupid , when the whole point was that he purposefully hid that racism to have a respectably acceptable face in politics for his beliefs . 
  it still does n't excuse you for turning to insults . 
  i do n't see why whether i believe ja is a racist or not bothers you so much . 
  can someone make those old boxing posters ? 
  please , please , please someone make those old boxing showdown posters !, 
  hey now , here i thought we were having a civilized discussion and you decide to jump out and call me dumb and ignorant . 
  i can say i think he 's a closet racist based on the associations that he keeps and the things i 've heard him say . 
  i think he covers it very well ( hence why he 's a good politician ) , but that in all likelihood he 's a racist . 
  not even close to moderaterna , imagine them times15 . 
  as to jimmie , i reckon he 's a closet racist , yeah . 
  there are some fantastic burger joints in europe , such as berlin burger international in germany , or love krove in poland . 
  in fact , there 's usually at least one trendy burger joint in every city of more than 500,000 . 
  they 've really taken off over the last few years . 
  globalization is doing the opposite of making the eu redundant . 
  the increase in globalization has seen a marked increase of regionalization as a way to manage and ameliorate the effects of globalziation, 
   name a few others . 
  where their [ mps get caught describing darker-skinned people as monkey ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20130426/47570 ) , where an [ mp who claimed he was beaten and robbed of his backpack by immigrants ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20121129/44726 ) had in actual fact been helped by two immigrants back into his wheelchair , and he had actually just forgotten it at the restaurant he was in ( this very same charming fellow also abused the guards at the riksdag )  sd has a few bad eggs they have a disproportionately high number of bad eggs . 
   so you 're saying they disguised themselves as left but instead went full on right ? 
  s does that aswell . 
  they say they 're left but they 're more grey . 
  no , i 'm saying they were centre right and then went further than republicans would in the us with their ` deregulate ' agenda . 
   then v would 've been way more extreme than they are currently for instance . 
  you 're saying that an entire party is run by a select few people who do stupid things . 
  no , it depends on the leadership far more than some backbencher . 
   so you 're saying `` so the two party top dogs running around stockholm insulting people and menacing people with blunt objects ... '' does n't imply that ? 
  ` insulting people and menacing ' pretty clearly details the scope of what i said they were doing . 
  why would i write that , if i meant ` beating people ' ? 
   you ca n't judge an entire party off 2 members these are n't just two members . 
  they 're the economy and justice spokespeople !, 
  and as i said , there are countless incidents like this with sd . 
   as does any party . 
  not as concentrated as in sd . 
   so is it the economic right which is at fault or the incompetence of the government ? 
  what ? 
  it has nothing to do with the economic right or the incompetence of government , i was trying to show you that you ca n't divorce the policies from the people within the party - that rather an understanding of the people within the party gives you a better understanding of the party than it 's policies . 
  i never said they went around beating people . 
  regardless , a political party is n't made up of it 's policies , but of it 's people and it 's the people within the party that ultimately determine the shape and face of the party . 
  sd , unfortunately , has had a ton of similar stories about them . 
  the current australian government , going into the election , had some sensible policies . 
  since then , they 've gone hard economic-right far beyond what their policies implied they 'd do , and many of the more educated voters in australia knew they would do that because of the people in the leadership of the party . 
  you ca n't divorce the two . 
  economic left/right : -3.62 social libertarian/authoritarian : -6.36 this is from politicalcompass instead , though . 
  i love that i 've become a bogeyman here . 
  so the two party top dogs running around stockholm insulting people and menacing people with blunt objects was n't an example of how the party is extreme ? 
  the other view being , intellectual property spurs companies to save more people . 
  i would love to hear the ema 's side of the story . 
  this sounds terribly one sided . 
  i do n't think you quite understand the term ` straw man ' . 
  i was n't claiming they were a nazi party , i was disagreeing with you that they were less extreme than fn, 
  yeah , that i understand . 
  well , that 's what i 'm saying . 
  they ca n't pick up swedish values out of thin air , so they only way they can assimilate and integrate is if local swedes take them under their wing and teach them . 
  how are they supposed to learn what it is to be swedish and not have those stupid ideas in their head if no one shows hem better ? 
  if they 're just pushed to migrant districts , it compounds the problem , and especially if they 're pushed out of workplaces where swedes work and into working for other migrants . 
  swedish society needs to adjust to be more proactive about integrating migrants , they ca n't just expect the state to take care of integration , despite how unfair they may think that is given that the swedish state seems more interested in the migrants than they do . 
  it 's simple pragmatism . 
   i thought australia was one of the least racist countries ... by pretty much all objective measures , we are - it certainly bares out that way in empirical studies . 
  but we 're not important enough for political news to reach europe , so the news that does get there is often tabloid sensationalism about australian racism . 
  and yeah , i 've experienced a number of people comment about it , or make jokes about australian racism . 
  perhaps this is just because i 've heard less from the fn , but i do n't think that fn has had their justice spokesperson and finance spokesperson ( both mps ) run around paris threatening people with blunt objects . 
  nor does fn have it 's origins in a french neo-nazi movement . 
  i frequently argue with the racists, 
   but on the other hand its not the building owners job to introduce asylum seekers to swedish society by proxy via problems that comes with workless ( non worker-immigrants have terrible employment stats in sweden ) , welfare-taking , big families , balblabla . 
  i think this may be part of the perceived failure of swedish integration policy . 
  from the government side , it 's great - sfi is an example that should be copied all over the globe , and the benefits you listed are exactly the kinds of things refugees need to try and get on an equal footing with the locals . 
  from society 's side , no one seems to want to help them integrate . 
  how can they be expected to mimic local rules and norms , if the locals do n't want to have contact with them ? 
  integration does n't happen by some kind of osmosis , it takes an effort both from the host society , and the new arrivals , to ease the transition , and this kind of lowlevel background racism of sweden does n't help , as they get pushed into migrant areas and have more difficult times getting jobs ( an aussie colleague of mine that lived there for a year once said ` it 's not the best person for the job , it 's the best swede for the job ' ) . 
  now , i 'm not saying that swedes should go out of their way and bend over backwards to accommodate the new arrivals , but some effort on their part beyond ` the government will take care of it ' is required . 
  so many of them have already been accepted , this is the only pragmatic solution for sweden if it does n't want to have a permanent , resentful , seething immigrant background underclass . 
  it 's going to require a new social paradigm . 
  do n't engage him , it 's a racist troll trying to mimic my account . 
  yeah , of course you did n't ... 
  really mate ? 
  that 's not even a good try . 
  `` savannajiff '' ? 
  i 've never stated any such thing , and i 'd challenge you to link to any such comment . 
  it 's a particularly bizarre allegation from you , considering i 'm white as the driven snow myself .
