  i 've long been a critic of vastly asymmetrical bits involving isds . 
  that 's not the case in ttip . 
  the average isds case ( across both parties ) costs usd 8m . 
  that 's basically a rounding error on government books . 
  the actions of the company are immoral , the mechanism itself is n't . 
  i can sue you right now for whatever i want , it 'd be immoral for me to do so given i 'd just be doing it to fuck with you , but we do n't throw away the rule of law because of that . 
  no , the chairman is one of the arbitrators . 
  holy shit dude , you do n't even know the basics of how this works , but because you 've read a really awful wikipedia page and a few articles you think you 're an expert !, 
  you simply do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about . 
  you keep stating it 's immoral . 
  i do n't see it that way . 
   any law which can permit private companies to prohibit legislation due to its negative effect on them should be thrown out new law goes into place seizing all banks and awarding no compensation to their owners ( the shareholders ) this is obviously a law that negatively effects private companies and attacks property rights , but you 're saying that should be allowed . 
  i do n't think there 's any point arguing with someone that ca n't even see the possibility that what they 're saying may be incorrect , and takes the view that something is fundamentally unacceptable . 
  are you kidding ? 
  [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4idl6u/ttip_investment_court_incompatible_with_human/d2xb5ia ) i 'm linking to arbitration procedure for appoint the third arbitrator . 
  [ here i 'm pointing to source documents about how isds actually works . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4idl6u/ttip_investment_court_incompatible_with_human/d2xay15 ) . 
   of course it can , because they enforce interpretation of laws , which in turn changes how laws are applicable no they do n't . 
  the only thing they can do is award financial compensation . 
  you really need to stop quoting wikipedia , dude . 
  it 's * wrong * . 
   by far the most common frameworks for arbitration are icsid and uncitral . 
  from icsid ;  article 38 if the tribunal shall not have been constituted within 90 days after notice of registration of the request has been dispatched by the secretary-general in accordance with paragraph ( 3 ) of article 36 , or such other period as the parties may agree , the chairman shall , at the request of either party and after consulting both parties as far as possible , 22 convention appoint the arbitrator or arbitrators not yet appointed . 
  arbitrators appointed by the chairman pursuant to this article shall not be nationals of the contracting state party to the dispute or of the contracting state whose national is a party to the dispute . 
  [ uncitral ] ( https://www.uncitral.org/pdf/english/texts/arbitration/arb-rules-revised/arb-rules-revised-2010-e.pdf ) ;  if for any reason the appointment can not be made according to this procedure , the appointing authority may exercise its discretion in appointing the sole arbitrator . 
  no mention of a chamber of commerce . 
  in the post i edited a second before you replied above . 
   any law which can permit private companies to prohibit legislation due to its negative effect on them should be thrown out and ( this is n't even hyperbole ) the people who enacted said law convicted under the closest relevant legislation for corruption . 
  this is a fundamental attack on both property rights , and on liberal democratic values of protecting the minority against the tyranny of the majority , and on the rule of law in general . 
  you 're essentially stating a government should be able to legislate whatever it wants without limits . 
  this was n't an isds award , this was to do with regular domestic litigation . 
  you 're saying `` we should n't have isds because of something that ca n't happen under domestic law anyway ! '', 
  by far the most common frameworks for arbitration are icsid and uncitral . 
  from icsid ;  article 38 if the tribunal shall not have been constituted within 90 days after notice of registration of the request has been dispatched by the secretary-general in accordance with paragraph ( 3 ) of article 36 , or such other period as the parties may agree , the chairman shall , at the request of either party and after consulting both parties as far as possible , 22 convention appoint the arbitrator or arbitrators not yet appointed . 
  arbitrators appointed by the chairman pursuant to this article shall not be nationals of the contracting state party to the dispute or of the contracting state whose national is a party to the dispute . 
  [ uncitral ] ( https://www.uncitral.org/pdf/english/texts/arbitration/arb-rules-revised/arb-rules-revised-2010-e.pdf ) ;  if for any reason the appointment can not be made according to this procedure , the appointing authority may exercise its discretion in appointing the sole arbitrator . 
  no mention of a chamber of commerce . 
  whether the regulations should be quashed ? 
   in the judgment i held that because of a defect in the process by which evidence was collected and evaluated during the consultation process leading up to the adoption of the regulations which introduced section 28b cdpa 1988 ** the decision to adopt those regulations was unlawful ** : see judgment section i paragraphs [ 232 ] -- [ 273 ] . 
  ** the basis upon which i arrived at this conclusion was english common law , not the law of the eu . 
  i edited my post , but i 'm seeing [ nothing in that directive to suggest that 's the case ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/lexuriserv/lexuriserv.do?uri=celex:32001l0029:en:html ) . 
  you keep saying that when a third arbitrator ca n't be chosen , they can be picked from the chamber of commerce . 
  that 's simply not the case . 
  prove that it 's there , point to some actual regulations in modern isds agreements , rather than just saying `` it 's true , i 'm telling you !, 
  it 's true ! '', 
   did n't the uk just say that ripping a cd was still a criminal offence , and that they could n't change the law because they 'd have to pay billions to music companies ? 
  got a link ? 
  i do n't see that as an issue , other countries have the ability to rip cds and also have isds agreements . 
  it 's likely they just did n't want to do it . 
   it 's this completely undemocratic ? 
  why do companies have a right to profit when our people do n't even have a right to affordable housing . 
  they do n't have that right . 
  what isds does is gives them protections for when countries discriminate against them . 
  isds is nowhere near as bad as commonly reported . 
  most instances of isds are pretty reasonable , and even the phillip morris one has some backing ( tobacco company suing australia over plain packaging of cigarettes ) . 
  phillip morris are n't suing because of ` lost profits ' or any of the other reductive reasons that you read about in the media . 
  rather , they 're suing on the basis that that the government expropriated without compensation their intellectual property - their trademark , brand name , brand associated goodwill , etc. 
  i , and most other people in the field , are extremely sceptical they 'll win but they do have a case to make . 
  regardless i do n't think they even intend to win - rather , whilst australia is bogged down in negotiations , other countries will refrain from implementing plain packaging themselves ( ireland , for example , appears to be waiting on the verdict before implementing their version of the law ) . 
  they probably did some cost analysis which determined they 'd lose less money on lawyers than they would if other countries implemented plain packaging sooner . 
  regardless , in most cases that isds is undertaken it 's not nearly as egregiously against the public interest as the philip morris case . 
  pretty much all successful isds cases are when the government takes political decisions which disproportionately disfavour foreign companies . 
  for example , an early use of isds was when canada banned a fuel additive that was only used by one company ( foreign ) called ethyl corp on the basis of health reasons . 
  ethyl corp sued , saying the additive was actually banned for political reasons rather than on any scientific grounds , and the canadian government chose to settle - paying them some $ 20 million dollars and withdrawing the law they were implementing . 
  on the face of it , it seems like ethyl corp was the bad guy and the canadian government was pursuing legitimate policy in the public interest , and this is certainly how it was played out in the media . 
  in actual fact , [ ethyl corp presented the canadian governments own documents ] ( http://www.economia-snci.gob.mx/sic_php/pages/importa/sol_contro/consultoria/casos_canada/ethyl/971002_statement_of_claim.pdf ) ( p. 4 onwards ) , coming from the health and environmental departments , dating to about a year prior that unequivocally stated that there was absolutely zero danger from using the additive in fuel . 
  in fact , the party that tried to get the law through had had strong historical links with the domestic companies competing with ethyl corp. 
  in all the papers , it was portrayed as ` company sues government over environmental protections/health protections ' , and that 's how all isds cases get presented in mainstream newspapers . 
  ` company screwing with our laws ' sells way more papers than ` company disputes unfair government policies ' , i guess . 
  i do n't know about you , but i do n't think it 's fair that foreign investors should be unfairly discriminated against in this way . 
  isds prevents political parties from favouring their contributors over foreigners by enacting biased laws such as these . 
  why should joe public lose out because one of the parties is trying to cozy up to their largest donors , and why is it fair that international investors get screwed just because they 're foreigners ? 
  in actual fact , isds is a great way of keeping governments accountable by limiting the political favours they can hand out whilst in office . 
  regardless , modern negotiators have recognized some of the flaws demonstrated by the phillip morris case , which is why the eu negotiations for the ttip ( a bilateral deal between the eu and the us roughly analogous to the tpp ) have added to their [ negotiating mandate the following text ( on isds ) ] ( http://data.consilium.europa.eu/doc/document/st-11103-2013-dcl-1/en/pdf ) ( p. 8 )  and should be without prejudice to the right of the eu and the member states to adopt and enforce , in accordance with their respective competences , measures necessary to pursue legitimate public policy objectives such as social , environmental , security , stability of the financial system , public health and safety in a non-discriminatory manner so isds cases are rarely as simply or one sided as portrayed in the media - i could probably list five examples off the top of my head that are completely reasonable if you read the statement of claim documents rather than media articles which egregiously misreport what 's actually going on . 
  companies can sue and win only when ; the government expropriates their assets without fair compensation or ; the government acts in a discriminatory fashion to foreign companies ( favouring domestic companies over foreign ) or ; when the government acts ` in bad faith ' against a foreign company ( laws that disproportionately and with prejudice target foreign companies ) . 
  regardless , that only allows them to sue for financial compensation , and not necessarily successfully given companies only win a third of isds disputes . 
  it does n't give them any power over legislation . 
  so as the ethyl case shows , it 's not * just * for trade deals with countries that do n't have functioning legal systems . 
  it 's also for when governments abuse their regulatory powers . 
  and if the ethyl case is n't enough for you , there 's also the hamburg-vattenfall case . 
  vattenfall signs contract with the city of hamburg to build a new coal power plant , the green party ( which was ruling hamburg at the time in a coalition government ) kept arbitrarily creating and raising regulatory standards with the aim of stopping the power plant . 
  there was no empirical/evidence-based backing for most of the regulations that they implemented , it was simply directly targeting the power plant . 
  vattenfall actually changed their plans multiple times to accommodate these changes , before realising it was an unfair playing field and deciding to take germany through isds . 
  and germany lost the dispute , because again , this is an instance of unfair and discriminatory regulation . 
  you can read about the stuff they went through [ here ] ( http://www.italaw.com/sites/default/files/case-documents/ita0889.pdf ) ( starts at p. 7 of the pdf document ) . 
  perhaps most telling is the multiple instances where leaders of the green party said they would take every avenue possible to stop the coal power plant ( such as exhibit c12 ) , clearly violating the energy charter treaty and abusing their regulatory power for political ends . 
  the deeper you go into individual isds cases such as reading actual source documents , instead of just shitty sensationalist news articles , the more you realise there are absolutely two sides to the story . 
  there is n't . 
   well several countries have complained based on secret documents they where not allowed to see . 
  and then the eu issued a retraction , that they wo n't use the usual proceedings , and instead will use a `` fair '' one . 
  however , due to increased secrecy , that new fair approach has not been communicated yet . 
  of course it has . 
  it 's literally in the text of ceta , what they 're proposing . 
   so first the eu tried to agree to an unfair settlement proceeding , and after it leaked , they said `` alright this unfair stuff , we gon na change it '' . 
  as if that was the only unfair proceeding in consideration , and if the new proceeding will actually be any different remains to be seen . 
  it 's not an ` unfair settlement proceeding ' . 
  isds is a very well understood process , present in over 3400 agreements worldwide ( including 1400 with eu member states ) . 
  i 've challenged people for months to point to * one case * where a company that won , should n't have , and they have n't been able to . 
   the world bank is company friendly , and was always more concerned about disabling countries from going into bankruptcy protection then about saving human lives . 
  all chambers of commerce are of course just a collection of companies .
