  you 're a bigot . 
  within a second of each of my posts to you , they 're downvoted . 
  the second you show up in this thread , 8 of my posts are downvoted . 
  you 're a racist , intolerant , bigoted joke . 
  where have i yelled at someone in this entire thread ? 
  in the uk , and in australia , there is n't a democratic process to appoint the executive either . 
  in both countries , the executive is determined by the winning party . 
  the eu executive is proposed by the winning governments , and has to be ratified by the europarl . 
  in addition , the european council has to take into consideration the opinion of the europarl when making its proposal . 
  i do n't see how this is fundamentally less democratic than the australian or british systems . 
  and you just gave me a pointless downvote . 
  care to rebut , ya xenophobe ? 
  it is . 
  the europarliament votes on whether to accept commission proposals . 
  how is that not democracy ? 
  he did n't say that they did . 
  it most definitely does n't . 
  it 's competencies are spelled out in the treaties . 
  regardless , a state could leave any time it wanted to . 
  the individual governments do n't really handle wto negotiations , the eu does that as a whole . 
  they 're dually represented , but it 's mostly done by the supranational body . 
  the eu does n't have the power to do that either . 
  you seem to still be pretty new to / r/europe , give it some time . 
  it just gets crazier . 
  i 've had at least three different people pm me threats from / r/europe , people have created alt accounts to abuse me , and a few eurosceptics and racists have a habit of downvoting most of what i write . 
  if you were an old account , i 'd say it would be par for the course , but you do n't seem to have had the time to start having people hate you yet !, 
  for some reason theres a pony showing up in front of your message for me, 
  regardless , the eu has a highly integrated economy , is a customs union , and has a high degree of industrial law harmonization . 
  nafta just reduces tariffs on certain goods to certain degrees between the three north american countries . 
  i maintain it 's more correct to compare the eu to countries , than to an fta . 
  that 's actually an interesting idea - eu aircraft carriers that can be set whatever task the eu sees fit . 
  would be complicated to make it work without a more federal structure , but i could see it being a step to integrating militaries if federalization occurs . 
  i 'm kinda shocked that there are people downvoting you for saying that it 's a * good thing * that the bnp will probably lose their seats . 
  the bnp is an abortion of a political movement . 
   do you have a source for this claim ? 
  this does n't need a source . 
  this is fact . 
  you are a sovereign country , ergo you can choose to remove yourself from any international agreements ( such as those forming the eu ) that you have signed . 
  asking for a source for this , is like asking for a source that 2 +2 = 4  by our government , but they do n't represent the majority of the people . 
  you 're saying that sweden is now a totalitarian state ? 
  it is so bizarre to me that you say it was involuntary ` because the government does n't represent the people ' . 
  what kind of crazy world do you live in ? 
   conspiracy theories , ad hominem attacks etc. 
  and you expect me to take you seriously ? 
  there was no ad hominem anywhere in what i said , and [ they 're not conspiracy theories ] ( http://www.nato.int/docu/review/2013/partnerships-nato-2013/sweden-partnerships/en/index.htm ) . 
   oh , i do know what i 'm talking about . 
  i have educated myself , and i 'm not ignorant . 
  just because i do n't agree with you that does n't make me wrong or ignorant . 
  that is a very immature claim to make . 
  you have no sources , you have no real life experience of the situation i am the * only one * that has provided sources in this discussion , i have proven you wrong now on a number of occasions . 
  you are the one living in a fantasy world where the eu is an unstoppable evil juggernaut . 
  this is getting beyond ridiculous ... you 're clearly woefully ignorant about the subject . 
  really , i 'd encourage you to research into most of your preconceived notions with an open mind . 
  the uk has a strong interest in protecting the city , but beyond that the countries i listed are in step with british thought about market access and trade liberalization . 
   cucumbers http://www.german-times.com/index.php?option=com_content&amp;task=view&amp;id=94&amp;itemid=34  do you have a source for this claim ? 
  as a sovereign nation , you are free to leave the eu any time you like at the cost of losing all the benefits that you do n't believe you receive ( for most immediate evidence of this , just see all the news discussion about the possibility of britain or any other country leaving the eu ) . 
   it was absolutely not voluntary , and it was absolutely forced upon the people . 
  [ it was voluntary ] ( http://www.swedishwire.com/jobs/4414-swedish-taxpayers-not-willing-to-bailout-greece )  oh come on . 
  you know just as well as i that they wo n't be paid back . 
  we 'll have to wait and see . 
  but greece has turned it 's economy around tremendously lately . 
  if greece 's economy tanks , they will no longer be able to purchase swedish products . 
   we are not to be a part of any sort of alliance , that is the point of our neutrality . 
  the eu compromises this principle . 
  you 're part of secret alliances . 
  there are implicit guarantees of security for sweden , and sweden pays for this by cooperating in a number of alliances . 
  hell , they had troops participating at the nato exercise ` steadfast jazz ' less than a month ago , which has been the largest nato exercise in europe in a very long time . 
  so we see that in almost every respect , you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  perhaps you should educate yourself before reaching a conclusion , because when you 're not extremely ignorant about these topics , you 're outright wrong . 
  i find that there seems to be quite a bit of variation . 
  there are some threads that are dominated by eurosceptics , there are some that are dominated by euphiles ( i balk at conflating europhile and and people that are for the eu ) . 
  then at different times of the week/day it 's different as well . 
  i do n't think that 's necessarily the case . 
  the uk is seen as an economic liberal reformer in the eu , it has allies in this respect from germany , sweden , finland , denmark , the netherlands and others . 
  regardless , i 'm always skeptical of ` national interests ' because it 's usually a skewed perspective to a singular political bias . 
  i have more in common with progressives from hungary than i do with conservatives in australia . 
  eh , regardless , the eu is not a federation yet so the point still stands , and for the purposes of this argument government and country have been interchangeable . 
   it was forced upon the peoples of europe in a completely undemocratical way . 
  you are right in that the member states must agree - and that is where the problem lies . 
  the decision should be a direct one by the people of each nation state . 
  ok , so we 're agreed now that the eu is unable to progress to a federation without the unanimous assent of it 's member states , yes ? 
  good . 
  first , i 'd be interested to know which laws you find bogus . 
  can you point to some specific examples please ? 
  it does n't force you to send money to other countries , you agreed to that when you joined . 
  you 're free to leave if you do n't want to continue doing that , just vote for a national party that will take you out of the eu . 
  you were n't forced to help the bail outs in greece , that was completely voluntary on the part of the swedish government , and the important thing to remember here is that they were not gifts , they were loans . 
  keeping greece afloat and preventing their economy collapsing is a good thing for sweden . 
  what national interests of sweden has the eu suppressed , and can you tell me how they were defined as national interests by sweden ? 
  how is the structure undemocratic ? 
  i think this is the part you * least * understand about the eu , else you would n't say that . 
   the eu compromises our neutrality on a huge scale , considering the big major eu-countries that in practice rule this union are lapdogs of the usa ok , now we 're getting into super crazy territory here , so i 'm not going to address this part . 
  but sweden has never been neutral , you have for the last century been ( unofficially ) aligned with the west ( although it was touch and go there for a while with olaf palme ) . 
   the free movement policies of the eu is nothing other than wage dumping for the working class in this country you can point to some ( reputable ) economic studies to back that up , or is this just your pet theory that has no basis in fact ? 
  i 'm sorry , but empty rhetoric is n't going to cut it for me . 
  you need to give facts , figures , and examples if you want to convince anyone . 
  strictly speaking , germany , italy , and spain have quite respectable militaries as well , they just lack the force projection capabilities of the uk and france . 
  the eu ca n't really descend into a polish parliament . 
  voting in the eu does n't work in such a way that an outside power would have to ` bribe ' just one country , they 'd have to bribe several . 
  and if those member states that were being enticed by an outside power saw that deal as better , i have no problem with it .
