  you also tried to backpedal on your comments saying that refugees should be shot , despite being quoted by a moderator , and recently you were caught out talking shit in a thread about ireland and then covering it up . 
  there 's a reason your post was deleted by the moderators , and that 's because you were actually agreeing with it , not clarifying it . 
  not racist enough . 
  the one about arabs has since been deleted by the moderators . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/25is4z/italy_demands_help_threatens_to_release_refugees/chibgbu ) is a moderator quoting him saying that they should shoot boats of refugees trying to make it to europe so ` we wo n't need prisons ' . 
  he 's stated in the past that arabs are garbage and that refugees should be killed as a warning to other refugees trying to make it to europe . 
  he 's also the moderator of an anti-islam subreddit, 
  i do n't know if you 've seen his other posts , but it 's entirely probable he 's actually this stupid . 
  another marvellously nuanced opinion from rr . 
  it 's a standard bait-and-switch . 
  i 'm getting kinda tired of this , ` poland can into space ' , latvia and potato comments , etc. 
  can we not have some originality ? 
  20 % of it 's population lives on the european side of the bosphorous , and it 's history has been intrinsically tied with that of europe 's for some 800 years . 
  they 're european enough . 
  tallinn is super beautiful and quite a bit of fun , be sure to check out [ sfaar ] ( http://www.sfaar.ee/ ) while you 're there . 
  heading to the annual annexation of northern latvia by estonians : positivus festival . 
  i went last year with some of my friends , had a blast . 
  the worst thing for me , i was in bulgaria a few years ago on a conference and i left the place wearing a suit . 
  a few metres outside , someone was smoking a cigarette and i got a very nice cigarette hole in my 800 euro suit ... 
  it 's not that easy . 
  if you outlaw it , black markets will start up . 
  better to get the usage so low it does n't really matter , than outlaw it giving a boost to organized crime and removing much of your ability to influence changes in tobacco . 
  that 's an opinion piece from our most right-leaning , pro-business , pro-deregulation newspapers that 's owned by rupert murdoch . 
  i 'd rather choke to death on my own vomit , than take that at face value . 
  not according to one of our most impartial and intelligent ( read : kind of our version of the bbc circa 1985 ) news groups , which found that indications were that they [ * were * having an effect in decreasing smoking ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/news/2014-01-22/philip-morris-wrong-plain-packaging/5137682 ) . 
  your article is from a month after it was introduced , i do n't think that was anywhere near enough time to gather data . 
  simply put , i think your conclusions are contrary to the facts . 
  we were first in australia to introduce plain packaging [ and early indication are that it is having an effect . 
  ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/news/2014-01-22/philip-morris-wrong-plain-packaging/5137682 ), 
  still , resistance forces on the continent were providing massive amounts of intelligence , and there was a great deal of polish , czech , slovak , what-have-you fighter pilots and ground forces in the uk assisting in the fight . 
  alone ? 
  how can you call it alone when they got some 40 % + of their intelligence from polish resistance , when they had hundreds of foreign pilots flying for them , let alone thousands of ground crew , when the colonies were sending so much assistance ? 
  this is quite fucked up . 
  if you look through other interviews with him , it 's pretty clear that he 's bitter that the constitutional treaty did n't go through and has a degree of antipathy towards the lisbon treaty . 
  as always , there are a number of perspectives . 
   that the lisbon treaty was not ratified by the people of france , that the previous one was rejected ... 
  i 'm not certain that changes the perception of a democratic deficit . 
  i guess that 's more a reflection on the member-states , than on the eu . 
   you 'll never know that because it never went to referendum , in france at least . 
  true . 
  but from what i recall , most of the op-ed pieces and such that i recall seeing were complaining about the federalist form of the constitutional treaty , and this was the stuff that was most explicitly removed in the lisbon treaty . 
  well , no , because the referendum was on the issue of the constitution treaty , and not the lisbon treaty . 
  a referendum is a single vote on a single issue , and the lisbon and constitution treaties were different issues . 
  and before someone claims this , no - they were n't exactly the same . 
  the constitution treaty had a number of federal elements lacking from the lisbon treaty . 
  in function , very few people had issue with the ` meat ' of the constitution treaty , the issues were rather with it 's form - that it was an explicit step towards federalization ( particularly through the implementation of a ` constitution ' ) , unlike the lisbon treaty that carried on the prior intergovernmentalist approaches . 
  how did they democratically reject the lisbon treaty ? 
  the best you could hope for in the court is criminal negligence and endangerment , given there was no intent to kill . 
  proving that they scuttled the boat on purpose would be an interesting challenge in and of itself . 
  well , no . 
  because they ca n't forcibly take them to land that 's not european , and they ca n't leave them to drown if they scuttle their boat under the unclos , meaning that as soon as they see a european boat they can scuttle theirs , be rescued , and then claim asylum when theyre being processed on land . 
  how am i an extremist for saying we should follow the laws and international norms that have been set ? 
  this is precisely what the refugee convention is for , and now saying that we should follow it is apparently ` extremist ', 
  no shit , when there 's a crisis ( like in syria ) , more people flee ... 
  i have absolutely zero problem with deporting illegal immigrants . 
  what i have a problem with is assuming that everyone entering the country through unofficial channels is an illegal immigrant , when there 's a very good chance they 're in fact refugees . 
  it was an exaggeration , but there are considerably more from europe and the us than those arriving by boat . 
  good to know , living in this country i should probably get a better handle on the politics ... 
  i thought he was a hard libertarian , which tends to be seen as pretty right wing . 
  i wonder how unconscious the parallels between slaves people make when they talk about ` importing ' unskilled labour ... 
  i knew i 'd get this response, 
   also i ca n't find the source now , but the vast majority of illegal immigrants in italy arrive with tourist visas to the airports of malpensa and ciampino . 
  it 's similar in australia . 
  most ` illegal immigrants ' are europeans that overstay their visa and keep working on the sly . 
  africans , because you seem to be saying the common ` oxfam ' version of what africans are like , which is far from the reality . 
  you have n't met many of these people , have you ? 
  hey now , i only advocated following the law , i never proposed blanket open borders or giving everything away to the north africans . 
  got a source for those statistics ? 
  i 'm not ` pro open-borders ' . 
  i 'm pro-following the law . 
  those that are illegal migrants should be repatriated . 
  those that are refugees should be given protection . 
  if you want to have the laws changed , that 's another matter . 
  but until that happens , i vehemently oppose ` solutions ' that breach current international and national laws . 
  nah , this is pretty typical when it comes to anything resembling issues of immigration or race on / r/europe . 
  explain what the law is , get downvoted . 
  suggest that shooting refugees to prevent more coming is morally wrong , get downvoted . 
  convey the notion that most of these people are fleeing unbelievable horrors , and it 's not going to be that big a strain on the 500 million people eu to accept 50,000 refugees , get downvoted . 
  it 's capitulation to follow the laws every eu country agreed to under the un convention on refugees ? 
  you 're a physicist , right ? 
  there is no solution . 
  there just another phenomena that europe has to deal with . 
  grin and bear it , and try and mitigate it where possible under the current international system . 
  are you proposing invading the sovereign territorial waters of north african countries with european navies ? 
  you want to start a war ? 
  with the countries that provide so much oil and gas to europe ? 
  alas , the most i could offer is a balcony because the place i live is tiny, 
  you can keep backpedalling all you want , pretending you only meant shoot * at * the boats , but you 're quoted by the moderators shoot them , so even your deleted comments do n't hide the fact you meant kill refugees . 
  the numbers for italy are much higher , i think he last ones i read were 65 % + were determined to be genuine refugees . 
  some are illegal migrants . 
  some are asylum seekers edit : ipad typing, 
  hear , hear !, 
  tens of thousands of students successfully do it every year . 
  it 's not hard , especially when there 's a large number of immigrants from your home country living there as well . 
  i learnt the languages of the two countries i 've been living in in europe , but i do n't have to work a minimum wage job to make ends meet , nor raise a family . 
  you 've never been on erasmus ? 
  why would you do that ? 
  the eu has little to do with this - either they request asylum when picked up by the italian navy and hence , according to un conventions , are the responsibility of the italians , or they do n't request asylum when they get to italy , in which case italy is directly going against the schengen agreement . 
  now , european countries should find a way to assist italy . 
  but that 's a matter for the member states , and not for the eu .
