   `` if anyone , whether it is premier cameron or anyone else , will want to change the european treaty to make this possible , poland will veto it , today , tomorrow and forever , '' tusk told reporters in warsaw . 
  seems to be the only way he can keep in control of his party . 
  and what kind of polling tricks were used to skew the data either way . 
  ` haters of free speech ' ? 
  the fuck ? 
  the torygraph promised , it will come !, 
  i think part of the distinction you 're looking for is in [ civic vs ethnic nationalism ] ( https://www.msu.edu/user/hillrr/161lec16.htm?iframe=true ) . 
  my friends tended to be from the richer parts as well , like alvsjo or vellinge , where immigrants were unlikely to live ( and hence not attend the same local schools ) . 
   but then , my friends were all highly educated swedes ( masters degree and above ) , so perhaps they 're not as familiar with what those in lower socio-economic/educational backgrounds think . 
  he was referring what an ethnic swede related to him about immigrant young . 
  i was referring to what educated ethnic swedes relayed to me about immigrant youth ( and what i saw ) . 
  as an aussie that 's lived in sweden and has a number of swedish friends , none of mine shared the same sentiments . 
  but then , my friends were all highly educated swedes ( masters degree and above ) , so perhaps they 're not as familiar with what those in lower socio-economic/educational backgrounds think . 
  it 's a stupid question , showing a misunderstanding of what occurred . 
  here 's what actually happened when this whole thing was brought up on / r/europe [ last time ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1s5vvw/500000_from_eu_development_funds_collected_by/cdu9yjq )  what a ** terribly editorialized ** article on softpedia.com , here is the [ original it links to ] ( http://translate.google.com/translate?sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;js=n&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fadevarul.ro%2flocale%2fslobozia%2fvaci-fictive-bani-europeni-1_529ec902c7b855ff566fb242%2findex.html ) . 
   what happened is that several farms were claiming they had more cows than they actually did in order to receive more eu funds . 
  the anti-fraud office and police are investigating them and people will probably go to jail . 
  and the follow up comment  i 've noticed this farmville link in other ( serious ) media as well . 
  am i right that they just reported cows that did not exist , someone called that `` virtual cows '' and then someone said `` haha like they had cows on farmville '' and that came in the news ... 
  but it has absolutely nothing to do with farmville . 
  cross country skiing definitely depends on athleticism as well . 
  to you it 's biased to say that night follows day . 
  one need only look at indonesia to see that islam is not the problem . 
  gee , maybe some immigrants could help with that . 
  i stand by my original assessment - you 're an idiot . 
  do n't fuck with the anti-immigrant narrative !, 
  it 's all they have !, 
  ( aside from a great welfare state , beautiful environment , and great international relations which is n't harmed by having a few new immigrants there ), 
   do you hold navalny in a positive view ? 
  yes . 
  do you hold pussy riot in a positive view ? 
  yes . 
  do you believe putin has killed journalists ? 
  yes . 
  do you have every other correct opinion in the world ? 
  the answer is painfully obvious , but let 's try - israel is an apartheid state . 
  yay or nay ? 
  the fuck ? 
  i never commented on any of this stuff . 
  you brought all this garbage up , not me . 
  i have no idea why you 'd bring any of it up at all . 
  not once in my entire time on reddit have i commented on pussy riot , navalny , or putin ordering journalists killed . 
  you 're such a child . 
  this garbage gets upvoted ? 
  my god ... 
  mate , your viewpoint is ` i 've come up with the perfect conclusion already , so i 'm not going to listen to people that know more ' . 
  why the fuck would i argue with you , let alone a pack of strawmen that you 've come up with . 
  the last time we had a discussion , i sourced all my comments and explained my rationale for the narrative . 
  you basically said ` whut ' and fucked off . 
  nor was any of that based off of one opinion , it was based off of formal and informal studies over 10 years . 
  there is simply no point in arguing with you because you do n't possess the mental faculties to have a serious discussion , as your default position is that you are right and everyone else is wrong . 
  like moronic conspiracy theorists , only you can see the ` truth ' and everyone else is sheeple too stupid to see it . 
  the red pill comment is very telling . 
  incidentally , i 've never looked at mccain 's views on russia , so i could n't comment about that . 
  wow . 
  so your post is basically ' i trust the russian government , and experts are morons ' . 
  you 're a clear anti-intellectual . 
  i do n't know why i bothered wasting my time with you , it 's clear you 're a fucking nut . 
  ok , where did you get those facts ? 
  from academic sources written by people specializing in the area ? 
  from actual high-level actors that were involved with events there , as i did ? 
  i 've spoken to people that advised primakov , the russian foreign minister in the 90s . 
  i 've spoken to people that have dedicated 20-30 years of their life in the area , and been taught by them . 
  so please tell me where you get your sources , because mine are from undeniable exports . 
  it seems to me that just watching russia today , which is enough for you to have come to your conclusions presumably , is quite insufficient in coming up with ` facts and objective analysis ' . 
   and coincidentally never subject to your accusations of racism/calls for extermination in spite of being wealthy and not taking in any refugees . 
  i make no accusations , i 'm saying these standards exist in western society , not necessarily that i hold them . 
   how is your john mccain fan-club going ? 
  he shares all your views on russia ( which personally would have made me rethink my position , though as you have made adamantly clear you are not of the kind to do much thinking in the first place ) . 
  my views stem from a masters degree ( and subsequent thesis ) that focussed on central asia , china , and russia - their politics , economy and history and how they interact with eachother . 
  your views are based off of ... what exactly ? 
  feels ? 
  any minimum wage would inevitably be paid for by cutting services poor people use . 
  you came all the way here to say that ? 
  i do n't see how replacing white with what i said would change anything . 
  south korea and japan are most definitely not ` western ' . 
  i never made any judgement on that statement , i just pointed out it exists . 
  by the way , how is your attempt at getting russian citizenship going ? 
  no , as i said earlier , i 'm operating purely on hypotheticals here . 
  i just thought it was an interesting discussion to have . 
  no , i definitely disagree with that as well . 
  but sweden ( as is much of europe ) is still an ethnic , rather than a civic , society . 
  in australia , you can be accepted by the majority of aussies as an aussie if you share our values even if you 've only had citizenship for an hour and have broken english . 
  i do n't think that could happen in the majority of europe . 
  kind of silly that bloodlines still matter like that . 
  i do n't remember the specifics , but i 'm pretty sure that on the census you 're still considered an ` immigrant ' if it was your grandparents that moved to sweden , or something ridiculous like that . 
  i 'm going to have to disagree with you here as well . 
  there is no way that , for example , the polish government would currently implement gay-couple friendly legislation . 
  that 'd be political suicide . 
  but they could do it if they said it was an ` eu diktat ' . 
  i was in tampere visiting a finnish girl i was seeing , and we were hanging out at keskustori where there was some kind of multicultural fair going on ( we were a little bit walk away from the fair as we were meeting one of her friends ) . 
  some mena person started saying something near me in finnish , and i did n't realise he was speaking to me . 
  then he got upset and started speaking agitatedly at me in finnish . 
  the girl stepped in and calmed him down and explained i was an aussie that did n't speak finnish . 
  after that he apologised in english , was super friendly , but said he was so used to finns ignoring him since he was n't white that it got on his nerves . 
  this story is n't supposed to be have a point or anything , i do n't think that finns are any more racist than your average european ( and the guy did look pretty scruffy ) . 
  i just thought it was an interesting , and relevant , tidbit . 
  well then i take it back that you are anti-eu ( not that it 's an insult or anything , anyway ) and freely admit that i was in error . 
  damn , you guys really need some serious electoral reform . 
  i did n't realise romanian democracy was suffering so badly .
