  none of what you quoted matches your previous comment . 
  i would say that this is opportunism . 
  the italian case did n't have a powerful picture o go with it , did it ? 
  how so ? 
  the dude made the claim , he should back it up . 
  or this was just a powerful image , and of the other dead kids there were no powerful images taken ? 
   that you killed , europe , by not airlifting everyone out of syria literally have not seen this stance taken anywhere . 
  conspiracy nutter . 
  i 'm not going to waste my time hunting down fringe cases . 
  too much crazy for me to deal with . 
  no goal posts moved . 
  taking an editorial stance is necessary for such a picture . 
  if you have to take one anyway , take one that will sell more papers . 
  because then that would n't be news . 
  the media creates the news . 
  this picture would help them sell a lot of copies , especially with a provocative editorial . 
  writing just `` here 's a dead kid '' is n't news . 
  an emotional response to buy a newspaper . 
   or another thing , you ca n't criticise islam because it hurts muslim 's feelings i have literally never encountered this before . 
  it 's the bbc , sounds more like a mistake than something deliberate . 
  is it ? 
  the picture was printed because it 's powerful and each newspaper new it was powerful enough , that the others would print it as well . 
  then they had to write something about it . 
  what could they write other than that ? 
  they 're not going to write an article condemning refugees with * that * picture attached . 
  you 're just being unreasonable . 
  wow , a newspaper took an editorial stance . 
  quelle surprise . 
  it can be both . 
  it will still help sell papers . 
  this image is a lot more powerful than most of the rest . 
   the media is far left well , we 've determined your political affiliation now . 
  good day . 
  the newspapers were using it in a financial way , not a political agenda way . 
  it 's a powerful image that will guarantee the sale of many newspapers . 
  there 's no political agenda behind it . 
  as i said to the other person , this is n't propaganda , it 's news . 
  and more than that , news which will sell a lot of papers . 
  mate , it 's not propaganda . 
  it 's a poignant and powerful image that represents so much of the tragedy that 's going on with the migrant crisis . 
  and because it 's such a powerful and emotive image , it 's great for the front page of newspapers . 
  it 's news , not propaganda . 
  the person i responded to was saying that they would feel at home because of things like slavery and dictatorships . 
  regardless , i disagree - i 've met some swedish people that i found culturally the polar opposite of myself ( namely that they were hateful bigots ) , whilst i 've met syrians that were extremely like me ( even worked with one ) . 
  how is it propaganda ? 
  is the state putting up billboards around it ? 
  is the state promoting the image in any way ? 
  it 's news , not propaganda . 
  yes , the eu is being ` flooded with illegal immigrants ' ( a sizable proportion of which are refugees ) because a un migration chief said that national homogeneity should be undermined . 
  makes perfect sense . 
  no craziness there at all , nope . 
  it could n't be a million other factors , it 's got ta be the un migration chief . 
  er , countries surrounding syria are housing and feeding * millions * of refugees . 
  europe has barely a few hundred thousand . 
  you act as if the eu is some martyr that 's housing a humongous number of refugees . 
  it 's not . 
  how would they feel at home there ? 
  i do n't see what you 're getting at . 
  well , the circumstances between them are rather similar , no ? 
  there 's a lot of comments like that about refugees from the middle east . 
  because they are n't as culturally similar as you think , and in those countries they will be treated like slaves . 
  the heirachy in a country like saudi arabia , for example , is saudis , westerners , and then everyone else at the bottom . 
  i mean , someone from yemen is pretty radically different compared to someone from lebanon . 
  there 's actually discussion here about what can be done to mitigate the worst of the migrant crisis , something you do n't see in any of the other topics . 
  but people do n't want to discuss that , they want to instead bitch and whine about refugees and muslims . 
  i think / r/europe needs a circlejerk rule because that 's functionally what most of those comments are , and that will be the best thing to stamp out the worst comments in * every * topic . 
  no , but from a policy perspective they 've changed their mind . 
  i mean , it 's right there in the law . 
   people ** may ** be deported immediately with no option of appeal . '', 
  that 's simply not the case . 
  you have the right to request asylum anywhere . 
  i suggest you reread the convention , because the ` first safe country ' is an ideal to be striven for , and not a hard and fast rule . 
   germany has now decided to stop the so called dublin-iii-procedures , so it will not send any refugees back to hungary . 
  this is what led refugees to want to go to germany so direly , because they have assurance they wo n't have to come back to hungary again . 
  google dublin-iii-directive if you do n't believe me . 
  i know what dublin 3 is as well . 
  they 've only suspended it for syrians , as i recall . 
  it is simply protectionism . 
  what do you think a model of ` local wealth stays in a local area ' means ? 
  it 's back to the age of mercantilism !, 
   if the negotiations are not being hashed out in secret why are n't these issues being debated in the open ? 
  * again * , read through the links in that sub . 
  there 's only like 10 of them . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3aokfu/fracking_poses_significant_risk_to_humans_and/cseosy3 ) a comment * specifically about why negotiations have to be secret * . 
   your subreddit has a link that says nafta created millions of jobs but krugman and stiglitz disagree . 
  it 's easy to cherry pick you links especially when you have rich corporations with vested interests supporting them . 
  cherry pick ? 
  these are meta analyses and the congressional research service that have determined that it did n't cost a million jobs . 
  you ca n't ` cherry pick ' the crs or meta-analyses . 
  the only one cherry picking sources here is you , linking to blatantly and obviously biased ones like `` corporate europe ' and ` ethical consumer ' . 
  i was actually just discussing the possibility of a ` bond ' with / u/trucidator [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3jh20s/hungarian_pm_migrant_crisis_is_a_german_problem/cup870q?context=3 ) . 
  the trick would be to make it so that the cost does n't push people away from flying and to boats as well , but it seems reasonably and sensible . 
  this was 1943 . 
  i was making a joke about soviet revisionism that they came in to protect the poles from the nazis . 
  like i said , bizarro - / r/europe . 
  you 're mistaken . 
  in bizarro - / r/europe ; see ? 
  they just do n't integrate !, 
  look at them , slacking off and not looking for work !, 
  and they keep their barbarian religion with them !,
