  if i were sick , i 'd always listen to a doctor , rather than a hundred people that are n't doctors but all have ( often contradictory ) opinions on what 's wrong with me . 
  we have policy specialists for a reason . 
  it 's fine for government actions to be scrutinized by the public . 
  but negotiations are n't actions . 
  and if you really read my post , then you missed the part about the us-germany-japan deal which i touched on ( and advised people to read into more in the theory i referred to ) on why it was a better outcome without public scrutiny , than with . 
  one instance of ` shit ' is foul language ? 
  or is this just a deflection because you 're clearly wrong ? 
   those discussing this agreement have already been brought and paid for a long time ago c'mon man , this does n't really add anything to the discussion . 
  ok , i 've read through the main complaint . 
  i do n't see what the issue is , it 's bad policy on behalf of the sa government that should n't be put into place regardless . 
  they want to only allow private medical surgeries open in certain places , ie ; where there 's strong community need , and furthermore to have the option to close down existing privcate medical practices . 
  there 's nothing stopping the government building state run medical practices in those areas where there 's a stronger community need , but this reeks of revenue raising by the government . 
  obviously this runs contrary to gats , and for good reason . 
  now how about you do me the courtesy of actually reading the shit you link to in the future , instead of flooding me with links that i have to refute because most people are happy believing ` international trade agreements are evil ' ? 
  it would be really great if you actually enunciated the points you 're trying to make and back them up , rather than just spam links to things all the time . 
  but i do n't think you can do that , because you never read this shit anyway . 
  you have a bizarre way of trying to make your point . 
  the end of apartheid was n't a revolution . 
  second , revolutions do give the ability to throw treaties out the window . 
  finally , south africa did n't leave the wto because it 's not in any countries interest to leave , if for no other reason than because they 'd lose the mfn clause . 
  what 's your point ? 
  this is an economic agreement . 
  companies will best know how certain provisions might affect them , so its best to ask them . 
  there 's not much point asking the public , most of them are uneducated morons that do n't have much of relevance to say . 
  that said , there were over 150,000 public submissions to the eu . 
  it 's probably going to be pointless asking you for this given your history of not complying , but do you have a source for this image ? 
  i 'm not american , nor was was i ever pro-acta so i do n't know why you feel the need to cheapen your argument by lying . 
  your post might also have more weight if the overwhelming majority of your posting history was n't you being vehemently angry against america and americans . 
  your understanding is wrong . 
  cheers !, 
  neither lobbyists , nor the public , should be involved in the negotiation process . 
  [ putnam ] ( http://portal.uam.es/portal/page/portal/uam_organizativo/departamentos/cienciapoliticarelacionesinternacionales/personal/fernando_rodrigo/pagina_personal_fernando_rodrigo/teoria_relaciones_inter/textos/putnam-%20the%20logic%20of%20two-level%20games.pdf ) even gives examples of how governments are able to get better outcomes for everybody through international negotiations when they 're not hampered by dealing with lobby groups , or having to worry about the public . 
  eh , lobbyists are endemic in democracies . 
  but there is a world of difference between them having consultation meetings with negotiators to tell the negotiators what they hope to get out of it , compared to if they know the full details of the agreement and specifically what they should appeal to the public and the politicians ( who will be voting to ratify it ) to try and manipulate the outcome . 
  secretive negotiations happen to protect the negotiators from lobby groups and the public . 
  i 'm not sure if you 've read it , but i wrote a post [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2ewgn3/lets_have_a_discussion_about_the_ttip/ ) about why negotiations need to be secret ( particularly under the 2 level game theory section ) . 
  ` why do n't you go back to where you came from ! ' . 
  also , it 's clear you did n't read the fucking agreement or you 'd know that under section 6 , art x. 39 , it did give grounds for appeal . 
  this is what i 've been complaining about the entire time over things like the ttip and isds . 
  none of you morons ever read the documents , you just check clearly biased websites and base your opinions off of that . 
  really , please , learn of what you speak before you damn well comment . 
  i 've been arguing with / r/europe for months over this subject , with most of my posts hitting negative double digits because people disagree with the facts when all i 've been doing is trying to educate you in the face of your ( extremely heavy ) biases . 
  edit : and it 's a new account made specifically to comment on what i said , it seems . 
  charming . 
  lobbyists having full knowledge of what 's contained within the agreement at each stage of negotiations will be able to target their lobbying considerably better than those that do n't . 
  it is , i did a quick read though and it 's complicated because many of the chapter and article numbers are lacking , making it complicated to jump through sections . 
  but over my first quick read through , i did n't notice any egregious offenses against the canadian and european public . 
  edit : funny that this got downvoted . 
  did the people doing so also read through it and understand everything within ? 
  how does this conspiracy driven crap get upvoted ? 
  you 'd prefer industry groups know the details throughout , so that they can campaign for the best possible outcome for them throughout ? 
  also , you don think every policy specialist in the areas relevant to the ttip and ceta worth their salt is n't going to read it within the first 24 hours of it 's release to try an debate it and make a name for themselves ? 
  homosexual danes against the muslims ... 
  people are n't as excited about this because there have n't been a million different articles saying the ttip is going to destroy the world . 
  how do you know ? 
   people from the balkans are quite barbaric and unevolved . 
  charming . 
  just linking to a judgement is not what i asked you to do . 
  the guy horribly misrepresents the case . 
  it 's approaching 4am so i 'm tired , but if you 're patient and you 'd like me to then tomorrow i 'll link you to some better sources . 
  understandable . 
  systemet led me to learn to brew my own beer while i lived in sweden . 
  at one stage , i was making 46l a week with some friends of mine . 
  fuck bandy , if you 're going to go anything go innebandy . 
  greatest sport known to man ( and woman ) . 
  i played field hockey in australia for my primary school , secondary school , a club , and a university , and was pretty good . 
  however , it was n't until i moved to sweden and started playing innebandy that i realised what the real sport of royalty was ( although i had some trouble , jumping over the ball because in field hockey it ca n't touch your feet , and trying not to hit it with the back side of my stick because it 's a penalty ) . 
  it 's a super fast paced game with tremendous skill and opportunities for awesome tricks to shine . 
  i still play with my team from sweden in international tournaments every year . 
  got some case studies to back that up ? 
  have you actually read in depth into any of the isds cases that have gone to tribunal ? 
  australians are as uneducated on the subject as americans and europeans . 
  yes , the us is a barren industrial wasteland as a result . 
  this is all hyperbolic rhetoric with zero substance behind it . 
  it might work infront of a crowd in a market , but on the internet it has zero effect, 
  isds is n't secret , as i said to you in a previous discussion , there was a massive controversy over it while nafta was being signed . 
  articles were appearing for weeks with apocalyptic headlines . 
  yep , studies have shown that in public opinion , everything became terrible immediately following adoption of the euro . 
  in actual fact , most economic indicators remain unchanged . 
  there are countless anecdotal stories of commodities jumping 100 % in price , but it 's not based in fact . 
  you understand the people will be in france illegally until they request asylum ? 
   france is nearly to never their entry point in europe : their is literally thousands of people dying each year trying to go from africa to lampedusa in their shitty boats . 
  it 's 130km . 
  that 's why i said if . 
  if it 's not , then under dublin 3 they 'll investigate and send the people back to the first country of entry . 
   it 's procedure , with summons , appeals , etc. 
  it takes a lot of time , they ca n't be detained during the procedure , they ca n't be given asylum if they 're not asking for it . 
  they can either claim asylum , or be deported . 
  those are the only two legal options . 
  at the moment they 're just in a legal limbo , until such a judgement is decided . 
   three weeks is the blink of an eye . 
  it is not even close to enough to review this . 
  again , even more reason to make it public . 
  three weeks of experts and journalists staking their reputations on the biggest treaty the us has signed in the last decade ? 
  they 'll know the ins and outs of the treaty within a day , within two they 'll have position papers put out , and within three they 'll be clamouring to be on talk shows to explain their views . 
  you realise you ca n't generalize a single jurists academic opinion onto the entirety of us health and trade policy , right ? 
  oh wait , no you probably do n't seeing as you think our democratically elected representatives should n't be able to sign us up to international treaties . 
  you think all international agreements should be done by referendum . 
  in that case , why bother with a parliament and instead just go for direct democracy instead ? 
  you understand it has to be passed by 28 national parliaments , plus the ep , plus the us senate to go into force , and it has to be a unanimous decision ?
