  how can this be ? 
  everyone knows that me , as a russian/american/immigrant / nuclear/fracking shill control the eu !, 
  i do n't have time to waste reading shit conspiracy theorists send me without references . 
  again , no quotes , no page references . 
  i wanted to post some keating . 
  no , i 've told you a dozen times , i 'm not going to do your work for you . 
  quote me the relevant parts and source it . 
  but you ca n't , because you 're a tin-foil hatted individual as i 've pointed out literally dozens of times before . 
  that 's not what i 've said , you lying git , i 've disproven a number of your claims . 
  case in point , i gave evidence that gats is a positive list system , not a negative one , yet you continue spreading your garbage propaganda regardless !, 
  i saw the replies here fifteen minutes after they came up and just could n't muster the energy to continue :(, 
  first  proposed by the us and agreed by the commission completely contradicts the idea that it is ` imposed ' by the us . 
  words do have specific meanings , we should n't just change them so suit our agenda . 
  second , the ttip2014 website has long been completely biased and even outright made shit up ( as far as i can tell , they had a report stating that juncker had taken isds out of ttip which has not been reported in any english media ) , so i 'd be incredibly wary of using them as a source . 
   `` this system imposed by the u.s. '' what a fucking joke . 
  when it 's economical , sure . 
  but that 's not the case for the majority of the world . 
  poland , for example , could never run gas plants non-stop given the prices they pay for gas . 
  you are quite crazy , those sources do n't support any of your arguments . 
   the drafts are leaked that 's not correct . 
  small chapters have been leaked , but these represent a minority of the whole text . 
  gas is typically used in peaker plants , not baseload plants . 
  export capacity of lng is tied to production capacity - companies do n't build lng export terminals without having the gas fields to support the investment . 
  russia ca n't withhold supplies . 
  gas wells simply do n't work like that , there 's no ` off ' switch , and russia is far too dependent on gas income from europe to withhold supplies , let alone that they 're under contract . 
  this is n't workaround or crisis management . 
  this is diversifying supplies and gaining bargaining leverage . 
  first , lng and ng are two different things . 
  second , gas is n't typically used for electricity generation , but rather for industrial uses ( such as fertilizers ) and district heating . 
  when it is used for electricity generation , it 's generally to make up for shortfalls in renewable generation . 
  there 's a massive growth in lng export capacity currently underway , a number of multi-billion dollar export terminals are under construction in australia , the us , canada , the mid east , etc. 
  there 'll be enough , it 's a supply driven boom . 
  the gas is turned into a liquid in the gas producing country through a combination of pressure and extreme temperatures , transported via ship , and then regasified at this ship and transported to the mainland . 
  not completely , but poland is going to have an lng import terminal supposed to be completed this year that can cover 50 % of their national needs . 
  secondly , russia sells a neglible amount of lng so i do n't know why you 're bringing that up . 
  awww , shucks . 
  i 'm touched . 
  well , i guess everyone already expected i 'd speak up here so here we go . 
  i wrote my masters thesis on negotiation during the doha development round of the wto . 
  my studies on that , and keeping an active academic and personal interest on similar issues , led me to also cover many similar topics . 
  it 's hard to say if it is going to be beneficial in general for two reasons . 
  first , we do n't know what 's in it , and second , beneficial is a very subjective term . 
  because of that , the most objective measure i can think of are quantifiable factors in which case i wrote a post [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2jsqfv/what_is_so_great_about_ttip/clerlxy ) about what some of the expected benefits of the ttip are , based off of economic analyses by respected policy think tanks . 
  you can determine for yourself if that 's enough . 
  ` tread ' is a strong word . 
  it 's important to understand that pretty much every ratified treaty impinges on the sovereignty of the ratifying countries , as by definition they limit the actions the government can take , and in return that government gets certain benefits . 
  that said , when people write about concerns over sovereignty i think they 're mostly referring to isds provisions and the fear that american companies are going to take over europe . 
  i 've written about that [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2jsqfv/what_is_so_great_about_ttip/clervs2 ) and why it 's a load of bullshit . 
  it 's fine to be against isds because of sovereignty concerns , and to oppose the ttip on those grounds , but what i mostly object to is people completely misunderstanding and/or mischaracterizing how isds actually functions to create bogus fears about it . 
  from what i 've read , it all seems pretty standard . 
  it 's clearly a more comprehensive/ambitious fta/investment treaty than most , and there will always be winners and losers in such treaties , but over-all it does n't seem to be egregiously against the public 's interest . 
  i 'm currently in poland and i do n't think most people have even heard of it here , but i do n't frequently discuss politics with poles so there 's a lot i could be missing . 
  ok , muslims are more likely to be terrorists these days in western countries . 
  should we allow blanket intelligence surveillance on all of them just because they 're muslim , or do we accept that we should not target groups , religions , skin colors , because it 's a discriminatory thing to do ? 
  why is it a big deal ? 
  ugh , ethnicity , a term so subjective it 's lost almost all meaning except to those that live their lives by it . 
  like i said , really , it 's not that big a deal . 
  just have a public awareness campaign to report anyone that has used a service but seemed sketchy ( no personnummer or whatever ) . 
  you 're never going to clear them all out , and it 's a waste of police resources how they 're currently going about it ( which is more a publicity stunt than anything else ) so just go business as usual . 
  you . 
  are . 
  adorable !, 
  no , i think people being illegally in europe is a problem , i 've said that many times . 
  hell , i even spoke in support of this eu wide operation the guy refers to , so i do n't see why you 'd think i 'm ok with it . 
  what i do n't think is that it 's a reasonable justification for wasting the polices time asking strangers on the metro , when there are more important tasks they could be doing and when it mostly just causes antipathy against foreigners , more than tracks down illegal immigrants . 
  and hey , if you do n't think there are enough articles submitted about dirk inaction against sami and finns , submit some articles yourself . 
  i do n't see why it 's my problem , the only things i ever submit to / r/europe are source documents of studies conducted . 
  eh , i 'm at a bar , in town , on a mobile , waiting for a friends plane to land . 
  this is the best you 'll get from me at the moment . 
  you might not be a nazi , but you 're making a solid effort at it . 
  only drivers that are pulled over are asked for their drivers license . 
  the more direct equivalent would be that only black cars are pulled over . 
  if you were asked that because of your skin color , yeah , i 'd say it 's harassment . 
   i do n't see you bringing up that finns or sami have been treated as 2nd class citizens when it was a lot worse than it is today . 
  why is it different ? 
  because this is n't a submission about discrimination against finns or sami . 
   hear a lot of complaining but no solution . 
  give me your solution , if you have one . 
  if you do n't , then you ca n't say that the government 's solution is discrimination . 
  solution to what ? 
  i was certain you 'd been shadow banned , or deleted your account , or something . 
  i 'm sure you can imagine my disappointment . 
  i did n't say racism , i said discriminating . 
  those that do n't have fair skin are now harassed by the cops purely because they 're not the traditional image of what a swede looks like . 
  it 's being treated as a second class citizen ,, 
  by discriminating against those that do n't have fair skin ? 
  that 's because some gas is sold on spot markets ( like britains ) , and some is sold on contract . 
  that which is sold on contract can not be resold . 
  edit : sorry , looks like i did n't word my first reply correctly . 
  it is implemented . 
  russia imposes a no resale clause on gas bought from them . 
  friend , i do n't care one way or another how people view me online . 
  i 'm trying to make you challenge your beliefs , because they do n't ` have a rational basis . 
  so it 's not puberty that you see as the determining factor , it 's ` how you formed as an individual ' . 
  again , a very arbitrary designator of whether someone is european or not , subject to the observers biases . 
  how do you know i did n't grow up surrounded only by europeans and watching european tv shows ? 
  what do you know about me ? 
  based purely on the fact that i am an aussie and , you assume , did n't live at all in europe during my formative years , you have decided i am not european . 
  i 'm not trying to be rough on you or anything , you just have a poorly thought through position that i 'm trying to make you see past . 
  it 's ` aussie ' , and i did n't claim it was down to bloodlines , i listed a number of things , such as my languages , citizenship , residence , heritage , etc.
