  the eu set up the common charger for mobiles , and most of the rest of the worlds manufacturers have changed towards that one . 
  promotes trade and investment , and goes towards making a us-eu centred axis on trade goods and regulation , rather than a more multipolar ( and probably chinese influenced ) one . 
  i 've been using it for more than two decades , and i 'm sure it 's much older than that . 
  and he gets upvoted as well . 
  there 's plenty to be gained from increased investment flows and working to our competitive advantages . 
  / r/europeans is great . 
  not much commenting , but all of the articles are top notch . 
  because i 'm not for uncontrolled immigration or open borders . 
  i think all the people here that are either illegally in europe or that are not deemed refugees should be deported . 
  but around reddit , i 'm known as some sjw open borders advocate ... 
  it 's late !, 
  tomorrow morning perhaps !, 
  and yet you hate foreign cultures in your country ... 
  that 's not what i said , but nice try . 
  i bet we 'd agree far more than we disagreed if you did n't have this ideological cloak on . 
  most importantly , the oecd recently did a study that showed that 56 % of isds cases were done by smes as opposed to mncs, 
  i 'd disagree , i 'd say that everyone is knowledgable about he democratic processes involves , and understands that democracy is n't simple direct democracy says that it is a perfectly reasonable situations . 
  all of these are parts of historical european culture , since you think that christian ones are fine because they 're years old , you must be fine with those as well . 
  i was basically saying you have a poor argument . 
  we have experience with islamic schools in australia as well . 
  we went from being indonesia 's most hated country after the us , to being their most favourite after saudi arabia , because we began funding 400 islamic schools which taught a moderate islamic curriculum staffed by australian-vetted moderate islamic clerics . 
  so is serfdom and wifebeating , does n't mean we should bring those back . 
  * implying that all immigrants from mena are child groomers ... what a charmingly xenophobic individual you are . 
  well , the guy seems to be a genuine [ neonazi ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/gamernews/comments/2xww3e/wolfenstein_the_old_blood_official_gameplay/cp45yrj ) , although the [ 88 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nazi_symbolism#continued_use_by_neo-nazi_groups ) kinda gives it away . 
  those people in the sea are n't illegal immigrants yet . 
  they 're ships in distress . 
  i have no problem rescuing anyone in those ships , however once their asylum application has been processed and they 're determined not to be refugees ( or if they refuse to request asylum ) they should be repatriated . 
  for illegal immigrants ? 
  we should n't be . 
  for refugees and asylum seekers however ... 
  you know africa is n't just one big country , right ? 
  where are you going to take them ? 
  how are you going to make sure the country accepts them into their territorial waters ? 
  will you invade ? 
  i can only assume you 're joking , because if not you have some very serious problems . 
  an / r/european poster . 
  so probably not joking . 
  the issue being , that societal attitudes reflect on those people regardless . 
  how often do you hear `` bet it was muslims '' , such as after utoya and the recent killings in czechia ? 
  how often do you hear `` they should say more against terrorism ! '', 
  despite there being frequent such statements made from islamic communities ? 
  these things have an effect on society , and especially on those that people . 
  oh please , there are still things that separate eastern and western europe , hence why it 's still so commonly used . 
  this was in the public interest . 
  where did you want the money to come from for cyprus to even have a single bank remaining ? 
  how was the cypriot government supposed to keep functioning government services without loans ? 
  it would be great if we lived in a money free utopia , but we do n't . 
  they 're not forcing governments to do anything . 
  if those countries want loans , they agree to the conditions of those loans . 
  if they do n't want the loans , they can deal with the consequences as they want - which will be worse than taking the loans . 
  it 's from alternet . 
  you ca n't expect them to know things like that !, 
  one need only understand the situation . 
  if the cypriot banks defaulted , the cypriot government would have been liable for the deposits in the greek banks , which would have also defaulted following the bank run . 
  the greek subsidiaries were spun off for a fraction of what they were worth , because everyone understood this danger was extremely high , and hence , would be extremely costly to the cypriots . 
  the best solution here was to spin the greek subsidiaries off , not to have the inevitable bank run for which the cypriot government ( which was already having trouble managing its debt ) would be liable . 
  reading the comments , it 's as if people either did n't read or understand the leaks this is based off of . 
  great interview , thanks for posting it !, 
  i was able to watch it in poland , so it does n't seem to be geoblocked . 
  they do n't discredit his linguistic work , i never said they had . 
  i said his political views had been discredited . 
   the man is a genius , regardless of his political views . 
  perhaps you should consider actually reading his work before coming to such conclusions . 
  a number of different works . 
  have some on my bookshelf . 
  he 's still a nutjob with respect to international relations . 
  the guy was an apologist for the cambodian genocide for christ 's sake . 
  he 's discredited , and certainly not in mainstream political thought . 
  no shit . 
  who was under the impression otherwise ? 
  i 'd say you 're vastly oversimplifying what 's happening . 
  there are a few things at play here , largely doing with morality and pragmatism ; are all these people coming here refugees ? 
  of course not . 
  most figures seem to show between 40 % and 60 % . 
  and those that are n't refugees should absolutely be deported at the first available opportunity . 
  how do we separate the refugees from the economic migrants ? 
  processing . 
  the thing with the economic migrants is n't that we should just deny everyone entry . 
  we ca n't do that , or we risk having untold numbers of refugees left to die . 
  so we process everyone that gets here , and deport those that do n't meet the criteria . 
  you mentioned they 're undocumented - do you know why they 're undocumented ? 
  because [ they ca n't fly here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yo0irsfrpq4 ) , thanks to european union directive 2001/51/ec . 
  airlines do n't let anyone onto a plane that they might suspect is going to be a refugee , or the airline has to pay the cost of sending them back . 
  so instead of people who are genuine refugees flying to europe directly , and having all the identification documents required ( thanks to their passport ) so they can easily be processed , they have to spend * even more * money going by boat , destroying their identity papers on the orders of the boat smugglers , and encouraging the business whilst making processing harder for europe . 
  what about stopping those coming by boat ? 
  well - how are you going to do that ? 
  tow back their rickety boats which are only good for one journey to open waters where they can sink and the people drown ? 
  invade the sovereign territorial of another country to deposit them there ? 
  blow the boats up , turning european naval and airforce officers into murderers ? 
  the only realistic , legal , and humane option , is to bring the boats in and process the people . 
  what about looking at the ` far right ' suggestions ? 
  how would that work ? 
  rhetoric of ` we should n't let more in ' is easy enough to say , but how do you do it in practice ? 
  the only way to do it is to violate the very european values and ideals that they claim to want to protect !, 
  freedom of religion ? 
  fuck that , do n't let more muslims in !, 
  the rule of law ? 
  no , let 's just shit all over the grundgesetz and other legal and constitutional protections because we do n't like these people !, 
  the refugee convention ? 
  fuck it , we made it anyway because of our wars and saw why it was necessary ( sorry jews ) , but we 'll get rid of it now because we might get too many of those fucking muslims coming that want to revoke our laws to implement a regressive legal system instead , just as we intend to !,
