  it ai n't . 
  what do you do in life ? 
  like , what 's your vocation ? 
  i do know how it works , and i fundamentally disagree with you . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  these councils have no power to make or change laws . 
  why do you hate consulting with our trading partners ? 
  i 'd want to see a source for what bismarck is saying , seems like bullshit to me . 
  you believe in some highly bizarre utopia that simply does n't and ca n't exist on the planet . 
  how ? 
  how have we lowered our standards ? 
  if you think the minutiae of each regulation is discussed in parliament , you may need to be put in a loony bin . 
  it 's also highly unlikely that everything will be put in . 
  i have n't supported or opposed them . 
  as to your earlier point , * how is that different to now * ? 
  the point is that isds is enforceable thanks to the new york convention , whilst the icc is not . 
  how is it lawmaking ? 
  it 's a consultative process , not a legislative one . 
  it 's a talking shop , where concerns can be raised . 
  they ca n't change regulations or enact legislation . 
  i was referring to isds in this case , not the icc . 
  are you aware of the difference between the two ? 
   essentially , a logging company could claim to operate under japanese rules which are as the article describes mostly vouluntary rules and no enforcement mechanism . 
  the romanians could give you an earfull about how their trees are chopped down illegaly by foreign companies as it currently stands and about corrupt politicians looking the other way . 
  if we recognize the voluntary japanese regulations as equivalent to the already faulty eu ones , companies will claim to operate under japanese rules when cought . 
  you know how easy it is to set up a mailbox somewhere and claim it to be your hq . 
  my god . 
  this is not even close to being accurate . 
  you do n't get to pick and choose what rules you use in the country you 're operating in . 
  if a japanese company with a mailbox corporate headquarters in the netherlands is logging in romania , it 's to follow romanian laws , end of story . 
  in certain areas , it would be subject to dutch law * as well as * romanian law , similar to anti-bribery laws . 
   and you have championed everyone so far , so it evens out . 
  no mate , the thing is that i have supported isds and the negotiation process , not the agreements themselves . 
  yeah , see you again never . 
  how are they ` not taking shit ' from these courts ? 
  i did read the leaks . 
  i know they have no real power . 
  but go ahead , quote me one and explain to me how they have power . 
  better back out of stuff like the international court of justice and the geneva convention then . 
  that 's simply not true . 
  lol , if you think the judicial system works well in the us then i have a bridge to sell you . 
  i did study international trade . 
  i wrote my masters thesis on trade negotiation . 
  i also work , so i also do n't have time to educate myself on every topic - but one thing i have learned is to not form strong opinions until i have , and it irks me when someone feels they can speak authoritatively on a subject i 've spent literally hundreds of hours studying just because they 've read one clearly biased article . 
  i see you have n't bothered to educate yourself about the transparency reforms of uncitral and icsid over the last decade ? 
  lack of transparency in arbitrators is a relic of past agreements , not new ones . 
  it would take a truly exceptional case for the isds case to be done in secret . 
   nowhere did i write illegal logging would increase . 
  it 's the article that says that . 
  there 's no point in holding me responsible for things i do n't say . 
  i 'm all about raising standards and think it 's a missed opportunity when this is n't done . 
  instead , we get a weak-sauce ` commitment ' to the status quo . 
  we 're discussing the article . 
  if you disagreed with that part , you should 've said . 
   i 'd be very interested to know why these cases have to be dealt within an isds environment and not within the regular national justice system . 
  just read something like ethyl v canada , it 's pretty straightforward . 
  i disagree that the change with ceta was ` raising the standard ' . 
  it was caving in to populism . 
   the text is kinda toothless . 
  it talks about encouraging conservation , sustainable management of forests , and harvesting in accordance with the laws and regulations of the country of harvest . 
  mandating abidance by the national laws would have taken up less space . 
  ok , so how will it * increase * illegal logging ? 
  eidt : and in response to your edit , there 's a reason that there are so many isds cases amongst western countries , and that 's because western countries do stupid shit as well . 
  * all * trade agreements are enacted via ` actual legislation ' . 
  what a ridiculous comment . 
  yes , because judges should be elected based on popularity , and not because - well - they 're the most qualified for the job . 
  ok , qualify your statement . 
  how will jefta make it worse . 
  i also find it funny how in every trade agreement submission i 've seen you in , you 've been opposed . 
  are there any you do support ? 
  yeah , no point signing an agrement that will make trade between both blocs easier and essentially give the eu an 11.6 billion euro increase in annual gdp . 
  i mean , what can you even buy with that these days ? 
  if you 'd bothered to read the leaks , you 'd see this article is garbage . 
  isds is stock standard , the furor surrounding them was ridiculous . 
  as the the leaked text , it seems that this would only ` increase ' illegal logging because it 's lacking binding commitments on timber sources - i 'm not sure how sticking to the status quo is somehow ` increasing ' it . 
  i mean , the text of the leaks literally says ;  1 . 
  the parties recognise the importance of ensuring the conservation and sustainable management of forests . 
  to this end , the parties shall : ( a ) encourage conservation and sustainable management of forests , and trade in timber and timber products harvested in accordance with the laws and regulations of the country of harvest . 
  ( b ) contribute to combating illegal logging and related trade , including as appropriate with respect to the trade with third countries . 
  ( c ) exchange information and share experiences at bilateral and global levels with a view to promoting the conservation and sustainable management of forests and trade in legally harvested timber and timber products , as well as to combating illegal logging . 
  so i really do n't understand how the leaks show that it will encourage illegal logging . 
  you think things would n't have gotten a hell of a lot worse without the bailout package ? 
  things were improving in greece thanks to the bailout package , syriza and tsipras jeopardized it ( especially with that varoufakis idiot ) with their brinkmanship in negotiations . 
  things are n't getting better because of syriza , they 're getting better in spite of them . 
  chinese fisherman are not a nations military . 
  that would be an act of war . 
  fight ? 
  you want to put our young men and women in the armed forces into another iraq/afghanistan situation ? 
  what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  you misunderstand . 
  the western countries were making cuts , the issue was that india did n't want to . 
  they tanked the deal so they could keep subsidizing their agriculture via stockpiling . 
  actually , there was a partial agreement that was reached , however india pulled out at the last minute because they wanted to stockpile an incredible amount of agricultural produce . 
  why did they want to do this ? 
  so they could keep buying from domestic farmers , implicitly subsidizing a large proportion of their farmers . 
  tourist visas generally do n't allow a person to work . 
  work visas are incredibly more complicated than tourist visas . 
  which just explains how far right you are . 
  i disagree . 
  you have centre right , like the cdu in germany .
