  as i recall , polish laws regarding marijuana are pretty draconian . 
  they have naval based in the baltic other than in kaliningrad, 
  russia already has access to the baltic sea ... 
  bronze soldier ? 
  that was n't in the interests of starting a conflict , that was in the the interest of maintaining the russian identity in estonia , and tying that identity to loyalty to the russian state . 
  i 'm aware that they do this . 
  that does n't change the fact i think it 's not going to happen like that . 
   what about persecuted minority of russian-speaking citizens of let 's say estonia violently protesting against obviously nazi estonia celebrating their ss soldiers , or some other pretext ? 
  this represents a fundamental misunderstanding of estonian ss units . 
  the estonian ss units were pretty much drafted , and operated as regular army units . 
  they were cleared of crimes in nuremberg , and were even given the role of guards at the nuremberg trials . 
  i get that it 's a hypothetical that you 're trying to put forward , but it seems like a very unlikely one . 
  but you 're right , i do n't think it 's unthinkable , and that can perhaps best be seen by the disconnect between western and eastern europe over the whole crimea crisis . 
  western europe has shown it 's ignorance , having not lived under russian domination , what it means to the former eastern countries to see russia acting in the same belligerent fashion in europe that it had following the first world war . 
  and putin has certainly noticed this disconnect , and has incorporated it into his schemes . 
  the eu government * is * your government as well , y' know ... 
  typical in this kinds of submissions . 
  no one has suggested you do . 
  yes , they 'll have children . 
  but so what ? 
  most of them will grow up speaking norwegian , having norwegian friends , and knowing little or nothing of eritrean culture . 
  they 'll intermarry with ` traditional ' norwegians . 
  first , i have n't advocated anything . 
  i 've explained what the current state of the law regarding asylum seekers is . 
  second , what you 've written is n't the reality . 
  the reality is that it 's extremely difficult for most eritreans to escape eritrea , given that almost everyone is conscripted into the army for usually more than a decade . 
  as to other countries , that 's why they process asylum claims , they do n't just automatically hand citizenship to every eritrean that gets off the plane . 
  be reasonable mate , you came into this with the conclusion that you should n't let any of them in and are trying to find ways to justify it . 
  because even in 50 years , it would not be 3 million . 
  10,000 eritreans applied for asylum between 2009-2013 . 
  10,000 in 4 years . 
  if we wanted three million , it would take 1200 years . 
  in that time , the overwhelming majority of descendants would simply be seen as norwegian , not as foreign eritreans . 
  your entire scenario is completely preposterous, 
  under law , they have to review all asylum applications of people that get to norway and request asylum . 
  you can think up crazy hypotheticals that are n't going to happen , or you can view it in the realistic light that it is in now which is that the number of refugees from eritrea are n't that big a deal . 
  do you really not understand how the justice system works ? 
  it 's always funny in poland when you see a latin american soap opera on the tv , and a bombshell is talking but a deep masculine voice is coming out . 
  can you really not make the distinction between an individual and a state ? 
  your argument is pretty silly , they 're not a state . 
  happens to all of us . 
   honestly what should be done is their boat turned around and towed back to which ever shore they 're likely to be from , everyone supplied life jackets just a mile or so off the coast and then sink their boats . 
  so you 're going to illegally invade the territorial waters of another country , and then put men women , children and babies into life jackets so they can all swim 1.6 km to the shoreline ? 
  by that logic , we can defund most of government to put it into renewables . 
  iter is one of the few very longer term initiatives of government , i do n't think we should be handicapping our future selves . 
  no , but the german state is mindful of public sentiment , and can find loopholes to not involve itself . 
  it is a research project that will provide for experiments far beyond just energy applications , just as the lhc has years of experiments lined up beyond just finding the higgs-boson . 
  i have never seen it used as an excuse not to invest in other energy project , and if you 've seen someone say that then that 's far from the mainstream view . 
   and yes , at this point it makes more sense to go with energy sources that actually work . 
  iter is essentially a lottery ticket , it has no place in energy policy yet . 
  you seem to be of the opinion that iters purpose is to eliminate energy problems today , and not the myriad different avenues of research and experimentation that are going to be conducted there . 
  unless you mean to imply that lhc was a waste of money as well . 
  good . 
  it does n't look like he belonged in the uk anyway . 
  saying that someone 's blood is boiling is an idiom meaning that someone is really angry . 
  it 's word play . 
  your blood must be boiling !, 
  i 'd like to believe you , but have you seen recent polling regarding germans and the whole russia thing ? 
  a surprisingly scary number seem to be willing to accede to whatever demands russia has to ` keep the peace ' . 
  yep , iter is supposed to lay the grounds for demo , a proof of concept commercial fusion reactor , which would allow for it 's more widespread usage . 
  25 years does seem optimistic though, 
  maybe if these accounts were n't repeatedly brewing the rules ... 
  this is the best answer . 
  for reasons beyond the fact that timtams are australian . 
  beyond your arse ? 
  iter stands for ` international thermonuclear experimental reactor ' , it is pretty much the most advanced fusion ( ha ! ), 
  of science and engineering on the planet , mostly funded from european states . 
  aside from trying to pave the way for the first commercial demonstration fusion reactor , it 's also a project similar to the lhc which will provide researchers with new ways to do experiments into numerous scientific fields for years to come . 
  one of the main reasons i dislike the green party in europe is their opposition to this project , having tried to defund it a number of times in the past and wish to spend the money rather plastering the landscape with wind farms and solar . 
  aside from the technological benefits , this will also cement europes place as the leading engineering and scientific superpower . 
  i do n't really see what that has to do with what i said , but ok . 
  that 's how you pronounce tusk , as in ` ciosy ' , in english, 
  i tried last year . 
  too cold . 
  if only because so many tourists go there for a weekend , and then just spend one day at the salt mines and one day at auschwitz . 
  do n't they ? 
  the discussion at hand was that topics regarding immigration should be moved to another sub because of all the horrible shit that gets posted here . 
  you told me i was just resistant to change , i told you i would n't compromise and say that statements like the one are acceptable , and you call that a fallacy ? 
  no , you simply have terrible reading comprehension and ca n't seem to follow a conversation from start to finish . 
   er , wto , wipo and who allow public access to negotiating texts ... 
  sorry , yes , i should 've specified that pretty much all bilateral/multilateral negotiations that are n't under the auspices of a global regime such as the un are conducted in secret . 
  i 'd challenge you to find a single fta that was successfully negotiated in the open , but i did n't feel that that was an important distinction to make given the circumstances of this one . 
   are the eu and us really in danger of that ? 
  come on ... 
  the point is to have a legal remedy on the occasion that there is such a danger . 
  he 's some form of libertarian/anarcho-capitalist from past conversations . 
  is it scaremongering ? 
  or showing the other side of the story to those that claim everything is going to be peaches and sunshine if a brexit happens ? 
  er , all international negotiations are conducted ` in secret ' , so to speak , so i do n't see this as suspect . 
  it 's a necessity to prevent vested interests from putting their foot down on issues and making agreement impossible . 
  as to the isds , [ some form of isds is part of pretty much every fta and investment treaty ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2014/march/tradoc_152273.pdf ) , so i do n't see why this one is so bad . 
  also , i 'm not going to take ` commentisfree ' as a source , because they 're generally biased to the stance of crazy radicals . 
  wise decision . 
  why ? 
  you have no idea what 's been agreed to in it yet , negotiations are still ongoing . 
  regardless , the isds is something pushed for by the member-states . 
   [ it is important to recognise that the european commission negotiates investment provisions in ttip following the instruction of its member states ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-14-292_en.htm ), 
  it 's culturally greco-turkic , and it 's further south east from geographic europe than turkey . 
  turkey is in the bottom 25 of the press freedom index . 
  i do n't think that level of control qualifies for informed decision making .
