  ethics classes are often just a cover for religious classes . 
   no go in black sea . 
  a carrier is not allowed in there ever from my understanding . 
  that 's not the case . 
  it 's rather that ships above a certain tonnage are n't allowed , and all modern aircraft carriers exceed that tonnage . 
  what ? 
  no they are n't . 
  no , that 's not how it works . 
  it 's an ideal , not a law . 
  even in the dublin 3 agreement ( the refugee laws for the eu ) , there 's a hierarchy of where refugees should be processed , with the first country of entry not even being in the first place . 
  it was 50-100 people , including opportunistic far left groups . 
  i would n't call that a riot . 
  i do n't support / u/idrinkredbull 's trolling , but the ` riots ' in sweden can barely be called that . 
  so then it 's not for illegal immigrants only . 
  it 's not working because they either are n't arrested , or processed , and both appear to be political decisions . 
  of those , around half are refugees . 
  the rest are for humanitarian reasons , or because there 's a reasonable risk that they would suffer serious harm if returned . 
  whilst not refugees from a technical standpoint , i 'd say they are from a moral one . 
  well , that 's not what the wiki says , the wiki says that some french nationals can get it as well . 
  nope . 
  [ 34 % ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/index.php/asylum_statistics ) of first round applications are granted , and of the remaining 66 % that are rejected , 18 % are accepted on appeal . 
  that 's not just for illegal immigrants , but the poor as well . 
  you got a source ? 
  no , but to go through dublin 3 , then process their asylum claims , then deport those that are n't refugees and gave sanctuary to those that are . 
  does n't seem very difficult , nor does it seem to require a new policy . 
  just following the old one . 
  seems reasonable . 
  given what [ this guy ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2fjgyv/with_headquarters_in_poland_the_united_kingdom/cka1b7b ) says , it seems pretty clear that the british fucked up on a colossal scale in both their responsibilities , and their ` honour ' , whatever that means . 
  you had iron-clad agreements on what should be done that probably could 've saved poland and you did n't follow through . 
  thanks , i 've been trying to argue this point against the british and french nationalists for some time now , but i 'm saving this to my reddit comments because you did a far better job than i could 've . 
  i 've had kebabs in wroclaw , gdansk , krakow , and warsaw , from turks and poles . 
  i would n't feed that to my dog . 
  oh yeah , a civilian ship sunk by the nazis . 
  great help that was to the poles in their struggle !, 
  i thought that was in reference to a hitler speech , where ff was saying he wanted to get rid of the catalans like the poles ? 
  but polish kebabs are the worst ... 
  operation wisla did n't help i 'm sure . 
  i have a ukrainian friend whose grandfather is polish ( according to her ) , but he refuses to acknowledge it because he 's terrified , even though it would allow his granddaughters to have eu citizenship, 
  can confirm , vietnamese food in poland is terrible - even when by vietnamese people . 
  got ta say , of the baltics , you 're the most forgettable . 
  you should start a world war or something . 
  please , no . 
  so tell me , where were you linked here from ? 
  you think because the soviets lost 12 million people , that entitled them to disposses people of their land and curtail their political and social freedoms , outright annexing other countries ? 
  the baltic states supported the nazis because they were fighting the soviets ... who had just attacked and taken over the baltic states . 
  that 's not a fair justification in the slightest . 
  that could be a fair assessment . 
  you do n't even read what i write , do you ? 
  you realise they were invaded by the soviet union and the nazis , right ? 
  that 's hardly a humiliation.the polish plan was to do a delaying action until british and french troops were ready to move into germany , however there 's little historical indication that they would 've moved in regardless and then the soviets invaded as well . 
   all of this aside , do people not consider how difficult it is to send thousands of your own men to their likely deaths , in order to protect another country . 
  whether you said so or not , sending men to their likely deaths is never going to be an easy choice . 
  i 'm sorry , but i do n't think this argument cuts it . 
  if that 's the case , then do n't make assurances and promise to declare war . 
  the polish army was mobilized in the months leading up to september 1939 , but then quickly demobilized on the request of the british because they saw it as overly provocative towards germany , hampering their ability to defend themselves . 
  if the french , soon followed by the british , had stepped into the west of germany the war would 've been over quickly . 
  hitler had committed most of his forces to the eastern front and only had fifth rate troops with poor armour , air and artillery support along the west . 
  we know after the fact that they were an evil force - at the time it was business as usual in europe , and no one was casually dismissive of their deaths . 
  oh please , they died for nationalism , not for fighting against ` an evil force ' . 
  they died for their country . 
  to try and portray all the young men and women serving in the british forces as honourable people fighting for a noble goal is ignorant nationalism at best , and historical revisionism at worst . 
  they were regular people like you and me . 
  they were far from ` honourable ' deaths . 
  they were war time deaths , simple as that . 
  saying its offensive is a complaint , ie ; that they 're wrong or should n't be saying that . 
  does n't meant that , for poles , it 's not true nonetheless . 
  he did n't make a rather nationalistic and overly emotional appeal over wartime deaths , which is why i 'm mentioning it to you . 
  british and french soldiers did n't die for poland , they died for the uk and for france . 
  hence why it 's not offensive to say that they were sold down the river by the uk , despite common british nationalistic rhetoric about how they fought for poland . 
  when a single nuke would wipe out a tank army or moscow , i think he 'd listen . 
  that complaining and saying ` it 's offensive because british soldiers died ' is not an argument , it 's you saying you found it offensive . 
  the person complained about lacklustre british help in defending poland , which you took offence to . 
  they could equally take offence for western betrayal at yalta after polish soldiers that died in the battle of britain for the uk . 
  but that 's beside the point , because those british soldiers did n't die for polish interests . 
  they died for british interests . 
  just as polish soldiers died for polish interests in the bob in the hope of regaining their state . 
  the us had the bomb , who knows what could 've happened if they 'd threatened to use it ? 
  as opposed to churchill selling poland down the river at yalta , after polish soldiers fought and died in the bob ? 
  sentiments of ` offensive considering the lives lost by [ x ] ' are pointless . 
  countries act in countries interests . 
  shit happens and you deal with it . 
  i do n't see how finland being part of nato would prevent russians visiting as tourists ... 
  if the war on terror has been successful in one thing , it 's been the dehumanisation of terrorists . 
  regardless of how or what you feel about them , they remain human and are entitled to the same rights the rest of us have . 
  eminently sensible . 
  must be hard living your life in fear like that . 
  you 'll get a better response to your fantasies in / r/european . 
  if you 're living outside the capital and there 's a war going on , it 's safer and easier to just try and make it to the country rather than cross a wartorn state . 
  i had a bosnian friend that told me the story of when he was a child and was escaping yugoslavia to get to sweden . 
  he was pretty young at the time , but he remembers being hungry a lot of the time and being chased by police in poland . 
  by all accounts , it was n't a pleasant experience . 
  because they 're apathetic , uneducated , ill informed , or overly comfortable . 
   is a person whos energies must be geared towards work and survival really as accountable as the elite classes which hold the power and wealth to begin with ? 
  we 're not slaves . 
  revolutions can and do happen . 
  if people are unwilling to change it , or were unwilling to form it , then that 's on them . 
  they ca n't just give up their responsibility for the system they live in . 
  hell , most people would happily complain on reddit about a political or what have you problem , but could n't be bothered writing to their mps , starting a different political party , what-have-you . 
  in their minds doing things is hard , and often hardly worth doing . 
  all the people .
