  christ , your posts display a chronic case of stupidity . 
  you 're not even good enough to be first , you should feel bad . 
  it 's generally not that you * have * an empire , but that you act like you do . 
  frequently when i see ukipers argue , they talk about how they should rely on the commonwealth and tell he eu to fuck off , ignoring that most of the commonwealth have moved on from the uk and would prefer to trade with the uk as part of the eu , and not separately . 
  it 's as if they think the commonwealth have just been waiting for the uk to leave so they can all shack up together again . 
  urgh , i 've already had almost zero respect for the german greens ( even though one of my friends was placed quite highly designing their pr campaign and is an avid supporter ) , but this just drops it even further . 
  you think a un peacekeeping force is comparable to what is going on in ukraine ? 
  because if so , you 're so far gone that there 's no point in continuing this conversation . 
  it 's one thing for a region to declare independence following a spout of ethnic cleansing , it 's another thing entirely when it 's occupied by a foreign army . 
  ah , you mean the classic ` feels , not facts ' ? 
  the people downvoting are n't interested in rational discussion , they 're interested in quashing dissent . 
  edit : jesus christ , ipad typing is atrocious . 
  then that 's a problem with your citizenship requirements , and not with people 's rights to vote . 
  they do n't all have automatic citizenship , they have to apply for it . 
  so whilst the diaspora may be large , the international citizenry is n't . 
  and voting is a right given to you by citizenship , not by descent . 
  yep , they 've developed techniques of reprocessing spent nuclear fuels which can allow them to reuse the spent fuel rods dozens of times , so fuel is not an issue and with further development it would become more economical . 
  some fourth-gen reactors also claim to be able to significantly reduce the half-life as well , though of course this is still unproven . 
  as far as i 'm aware , they do n't fund the opposition . 
  they provide emergency loans to a country that 's on the verge of bankruptcy . 
  but regardless , i do n't think it 's fair to compare the eu funding a country that 's on the verge of bankruptcy , and which had made deals on fracking before the whole crisis even began , with putin funding anti-fracking groups in the west . 
  it 's been pretty well established that the kremlin funds anti-fracking groups in the west . 
  it 's not ironclad yet , but there 're certainly enough indicators to make it probable . 
  it 's hard to settle down . 
  first , there was a lot of travel thanks to university with exchange semesters and internships , let alone beginning new degrees in other countries . 
  now a lot of travel due to work . 
  i live in one place 6 months , another a year . 
  it 's hard to create a relationship when you have to move where the job is . 
  all of my last relationships had ended because one or the other of us were moving countries . 
  did anyone suggest that ? 
  simply put , no and no . 
  you are a citizen , you have the right to vote , it 's as simple as that . 
  at least in australia 's case , there are limits for postal voting where you have to intend to move back to australia within 6 years , but there is no proof required of this , nor do you have to follow through with it in which case it becomes unethical if you have no intention to move back . 
  but otherwise , it 's not unethical . 
  gorbachev was absolutely committed to non-violence . 
  this was n't 56 or 68 . 
   as a condition for german reunification , the western powers reassured gorbachev that east germany would not be fully integrated into nato and that nato would not expand eastward . 
  you say that as if gorbachev had a say in the matter . 
  oh yeah , without a doubt when putin got into power he took on the oligarchs . 
  but that does n't mean that he has free reign to do what he wants , and the oligarchs have cemented a place for themselves in society that 's kind of fundamental to the way things are run now . 
  it 's no longer 10 years ago where arrests of a group of oligarchs can be done with such ease , especially for bogus reasons , and i do n't know why you think they ca n't use their influence against him . 
  [ europe pays slightly less than china , on average ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2014-01-22/gazprom-says-china-natural-gas-deal-delayed-to-putin-s-may-visit.html ) . 
  in fact , for a very long time russia avoided building pipelines to china because they were holding out to get around the spot price on gas in china , but with china quickly gaining leverage in central asia ( where previously , pretty much every pipeline led west ) that rapidly changed and now russia is happy to take whatever it can get . 
  regardless , it 's not as if russia could quickly retool all those fields to send them to china , or that china would take it without the serious discount on european prices it 's been seeking for ages , so that 's not an alternative for russia either . 
  more importantly than army expenses being 16 % of the budget , however , is that gazprom alone supplies over 20 % of the government 's revenue . 
  combine that with royalties from all the other companies connections to europe , and you have a budget deficit of around 40 % just from the energy sector if there 's a blanket sanction on russian energy . 
  [ half a trillion ] ( http://www.imf.org/external/np/sta/ir/irprocessweb/data/rus/eng/currus.htm ), 
  poland is surprising , given how little regard most poles i know have for the environment . 
  with respect to your first paragraph , i do n't really know what to argue except that i do n't think the propaganda will in any way negate the effect on russians . 
  you have to remember , people in russia desire stability more than anything else . 
  they still vividly recall the fucked up economic situation during and following shock therapy in the 90s , where the economy was even more fucked up than in the final years of the soviet union . 
  it wo n't matter who caused it , what will matter is that this illusion will be removed , and it will have been removed by putin 's actions , regardless of how legitimate many russians view it as . 
   there 's also the difficulty of being reliant on the russian economy . 
  take the uk . 
  we import some gas from russia , that would hurt us . 
  two , bp are invested in russia not anymore . 
  bp-tnk was sold to rosneft ( and bp was very very glad to get rid of it , given the myriad problems putin 's regime created for them ) . 
  as to the energy reserves , the point is n't that they 'll stop indefinitely . 
  norway and north africa can kick production up a notch for the meantime , and regardless all eu countries have to have a one month reserve of gas by law . 
  this also removes your issues with the city and bp . 
  as to confidence with russia - it depends on the level of sanctions . 
  you 're imagining full and comprehensive long term economic isolation , and i never suggested that was the case . 
  rather , that they should be put in place to pressure putin . 
  it would just take a little time for the sanctions to begin affecting russia , and putin certainly does n't want to see the country imperilled , nor his regime . 
  he 'll play ball with the west , and the west will probably ask ukraine to make crimea more autonomous or some such to satisfy the russians back home . 
  with respect to the influence on putin , i 've also stated in the past that the west 's biggest problem if they impose sanctions will be giving putin an ` out ' . 
  something to make him seem like he won , or at least drew , as happened with syria . 
  and the hit from russia would n't be that big , it 's not as if russian money makes the city run . 
  i doubt russia would even account for a twentieth of the capital flows in london ( and that 's a high-estimate ) . 
  regardless , visa and residency restrictions on the oligarchs would make them the hardest hit in this case as they tend to live in the west ( and they have great sway on putin as a whole , particularly with public resentment ) . 
  regardless , i think you 're ignoring the cost to the west of inaction . 
  first , it delegitimizes many aspects of international law and custom that have been broadly held up over the past few decades . 
  it 's by no means perfect , nor always upheld , but this show of weakness by the west will destablize the international order . 
  second , it completely fucks up the npt . 
  if the west was n't willing to bat for a country that gave up it 's nukes , then no country without nukes is safe , and soon we 'll have runaway nuclear proliferation . 
  just think of what iran could now say about it 's nuclear program , and it would allow neighbouring states to follow suit , particularly if they think iran is going to get the bomb . 
  are you really saying that the cost of action is greater than the cost of inaction , give the above ? 
  to clarify , it 's more like ` the country is fantastic , just the fucking people ... ', 
  from what i read recently , they have foreign currency reserves of half a trillion dollars . 
  the problem is n't running out of that , it 's of maintaining the same quality of life for russians whilst also keeping the oligarchy happy . 
  neither condition will be fulfilled within a month and a half or two of hard economic sanctions . 
  one analyst suggested that they 'd be completely out after two months , but i take that with a very large grain of salt . 
  regardless , half a trillion dollars is not enough for a few years . 
  yep , there was news of the us sending a ship to the black sea . 
  but i doubt it will ever be used against a us shi . 
  i love your phrasing here . 
  i do n't even see it as a mistake or an idiom . 
  i think way too many people have gotten up on this with no serious reason . 
  i use the phrase ' i could care less ' and it 's always done in a sarcastic tone , usually prefaced by ` like ' . 
  i assume it has been as such throughout history before pedants on the internet got a hold of it and declared a crusade against a non-existent mistake . 
  it kind of reminds me of the word irony . 
  i always used to know what it meant , until everyone started correcting everyone else with contradictory meanings . 
  the eu ca n't make a trade deal with ukraine if it joins the russian customs bloc , as the customs union would essentially mean that russian , kazakh and belorussian goods would enter the eu on the preferential rate set for ukraine . 
  rules of origin laws would be unable to handle the situation . 
  a customs union is a wildly different beast to an fta . 
  looking at their posts , it 's not . 
  darn , the original is only in german . 
  i 'd kill to be able to read it 's actual contents . 
  in this case , protectionism does n't necessarily mean that it would be bringing in another rail engineering tender . 
  it could just be keeping the status quo for car-manufacturing or whatever .
