  think again . 
  not to mention that the amazon is being deforested to make way for more agricultural land , and europe is already being blamed for that . 
  thanks to current standards of living , labour laws , etc , this means that european agriculture costs more to produce than in many other places . 
  people point to countries like new zealand or australia that have a tremendously low production subsidy estimate without realizing that the agricultural ` landscape ' , so to speak , is hugely different to the european ones , where most farms cover vast tracts of land , as opposed to in europe where there still exist many family operated farms . 
  slowly , european farms are being gobbled up by bigger ones leading to more efficient agriculture , but this takes time . 
  pretty much every western nation subsidises their agriculture to some extent . 
  norway , switzerland , and japan all subsidize much more heavily that europe does , and the us and canada maintain a lower , though similar , rate of subsidization . 
  because they also understand that food security is a big issue . 
  cap reform has been progressing for many years now to make it sustainable , efficient , and less harmful to developing and undeveloped countries agricultural produce . 
  export subsidies , which numbered in the billions of euros a decade ago , are to be phased out completely this year ( 2013 ) . 
  terribly inefficient production , such as wine , is also being converted into more profitable crops - about 2 % of the cap budget goes to wine , and two thirds of that 2 % is restructuring it to useful/profitable crops , and other efficiency incentives . 
  the cap needs some reform , yes , but the important thing is that europe remains able to feed itself and does n't suffer a knowledge drain of agricultural systems over the coming decades to be able to face these challenges . 
  i know it seems like a waste of money , and there are legitimate concerns with it , but food security and the problems associated with food production create an existential threat to europe in the coming decades , and maintaining agricultural production in europe now mitigates that . 
  sorry for the lack of sources , but i 'm busy as hell these days . 
  i 've posted about this stuff before , so if you trawl through my history you should find them there . 
  maybe i 'll add them later when i have some time . 
  ridiculous . 
  increase spending for rnd and education . 
  high tech stuff like bioresearch , computing , engineering and so forth will always be needed . 
  you do n't think politicians sway public opinion ? 
  i 've been living here for four years , so it 's hardly surprising :p, 
  yeah , i 'm more into policy research and consulting . 
  my foci during my studies have been agriculture policy , trade liberalization , eu functioning , regional organizations and central asia ( with a touch of russian and chinese foreign policy ) . 
  i 'd looked at sites like cv.ee and cvkeskus.ee , but any jobs that might be in that field seem to be in estonian . 
  ah well . 
  yeah , i 'm about to finish my second masters degree . 
  if i could find work in estonia , i 'd definitely learn the language ( as i did whilst learning in poland and in sweden ) . 
  unfortunately , the kind of stuff i specialize in does n't seem to be in any demand at all in estonia . 
  i have many estonian friends , i very much like the language ( sounds musical to me ) , and i had a great time on the numerous occasions i 've been to tallinn . 
  you have to understand the context , asylum seekers pay middlemen to take them on boats from south east asia and when they 're in australian territorial waters they put a hole in the boat and sink it when they see an australian vessel nearby that could take them aboard so they can claim asylum and be prevented from being escorted to a different country , rather than claiming asylum at the nearest safe country as theyre obligated to do under the un treaty on refugees ( iirc ) . 
  they 're seen by the media as jumping the queue over legitimate asylum seekers who are sitting in huge aid camps in africa . 
  i know , i live in it  but the media ownership laws were loosened under a government that was closely linked to his worldview , so it 's unsurprising . 
  murdoch media runs like 80 % of australian newspapers . 
  the ones that come through official channels ? 
  they 're never seen as a problem . 
  asylum seekers and refugees ? 
  ` boat people ' , ` queue jumpers ' , illegal immigrants ' . 
  occasionally there 'll be reference to ` lebanese youths ' in connection to attacks or street harassment . 
  but in australia , it seems that theres a 50/50 split ( along socioeconomic lines more than anything else ) of people that refer to them as the first category ( asylum seekers and refugees ) and those that see them in the second category . 
  i also would n't use coloured , but that 's just because i 've never thought to use it before . 
  i do n't see any inherently racist connotation , except that that exists in america . 
  i did n't say ease , but a number of countries have mentioned it on a number of ip issues . 
  less about agriculture , more about intellectual property and pharmaceuticals . 
  i 've been to tallinn a bunch of times , place was wonderful and i felt very safe . 
  why would the eu give them a referendum ? 
  how are they involved ? 
  why ? 
  do n't think there 's a single thing i 've seen you post that is n't racist or ignorant . 
   expansion of power wo n't stop there and will continue . 
  slippery slope is not an argument . 
  i was under the impression that the gas could n't be touched until there was a unified cyprus due to a un decision back when they had a referendum about unification . 
  yeah , sure , problem is most of the citizens in each nation ( and their governments ) would never agree to it . 
  they 've been misinformed constantly about the eu with governments blaming the eu for every problem , as well as a eurosceptic media in many areas . 
  i honestly do n't see a way the eu can go forward in it 's current state any more . 
  neoliberalism offers worse opportunities for abuse , note for example the privatization of water in cochabamba . 
  and there can be no talk of ` but that 's not neoliberalism done right ! ' . 
  it 's neoliberalism done under the influence of fallible humans and of huge sums of corporate money . 
  secondly , neoliberalism is n't necessarily futureproof . 
  i know i harp on about the cap a lot , but getting rid of the implied protectionism of the cap would leave europe starving in 30 years given a ) global warming is making agricultural harvest unpredictable , is gobbling up arable land through sea level rises ( around deltas and so on ) and is changing acceptable climates for many crops in many areas b ) agriculture is tied heavily to oil ( in both transport and fertilizers ) , which were already having problems with supply . 
  as supply drops , price goes up , ergo food price goes up . 
  poor countries that still produce impose export bans to keep prices low for their own country ( as happened in 2008 ) , and so the neoliberal ideal of free globalized trade is a myth c ) the population by 2050 is expected to be around 9 billion , about 18 % more than we currently have . 
  that 's going to put stress on food prices globally for the aforementioned reasons and because of the extra mouths to feed . 
  in this case , neoliberalism sure might help agricultural trade , but would decimate europe as an advanced economy . 
  i get you 're making a pun , but you would n't really use stoned in english for cocaine . 
  as other people have mentioned , estonia was in a bubble . 
  i figured it was common knowledge and did n't mention it , i was n't trying to be misleading . 
  i used to be a neoliberal , before i realised it was a similar kind of scam as trickle down economics , though with some mild utility . 
  sure , but that 's not what the hungarian dude was arguing about . 
  do eu citizens have visa-free travel within croatia ? 
  its amusing youre here and so many downvotes have come in the last few hours given that the submission was removed from / r/europe hours ago, 
  realises the numbers he posted were wrong , deletes comment . 
  cheers !, 
  screenshot is n't fake , i 'm not a ` tranny ' , but rather one of those ` privileged cis whites ' , and this guy is a racist ( as if a cursory glance over his post history did n't immediately dispel the idea ) . 
  not exactly on topic , but how the hell do you maintain a 3 year long distance relationship ? 
  mine usually crumble within months , and that 's without either of us cheating . 
  let me guess , erasmus in poland ? 
  when i was studying in krakow , every second foreign student was spanish . 
  by the way , it 's correlation , not coloration - else people think you 're talking about the ` coloreds ' !, 
  the screenshot is from months ago when he was ( presumably ) banned the first time . 
  that was n't the argument , the argument is it 's not about ` foreigners ' but about socioeconomic status . 
  just so you guys know , liberaloccident is an admitted racist who has an agenda in posting negative articles about ` foreigners ' . 
  for proof : http://imgur.com/4wemv looks like he 's trying to bring his racist friends to brigade this thread . 
  how is it that every post about the eu you write is so wrong ? 
  do you even know anything about the eu ? 
  how can you not mention flying jacob ? 
  i do n't suppose you two want to start a subreddit where you two can just argue amongst yourselves all the time ? 
  a macedonian and a greek arguing the same bullshit in each thread gets kinda tiring , and it 's clear neither of you are going to convince the other . 
  exactly the point i frequently try and make !, 
  people start thinking that ` oh , germans would be too powerful ! ', 
  or what have you , but each electorate would be a different can of worms , you 'd have parties composed of representatives from electorates in each of the former countries . 
  sure , there might be some small parties that remain exclusively from one nation , but they 'd be small and lack influence . 
  you both are a cancer . 
  amazing that people are downvoting you here , i 'd really like to know if they 're anti-eu , disagree or third reason . 
  true , but in a globalized world nationalism falls by the way side when it comes to questions of sovereignty . 
  what you said may have been true 60 years ago ( hence your use of ` was ' ) , but these days non compliance to some ` global interests ' ( i 'm talking about regular market and democratic forces here , not some kind of conspiracy ) is too costly for smaller nations . 
   this is a total fallacy , the eu is dominated by the biggest nations and the small ones little influence . 
  instead of countries unwillingly being pushed around they 're volunteering to be pushed around from within the eu . 
  you 're wrong that the small ones have little influence . 
  i wrote a literature review on negotiation within eu mechanisms , i found that small countries actually get better outcomes ( ie : the final outcome was closer to their position in negotiations ) than larger countries . 
  there are numerous mechanisms in place to check the power of the larger countries .
