  i do n't think it 's fair to laugh at their judgement of the us , it is pretty free . 
  there 's no noticeable coercion by the government , many media owners , wide plurality of views expressed . 
  by the criteria they set , it 's pretty free , and whilst it may seem the media is too far up the us governments arse sometimes , they do bite back . 
  can it really not be said that there has n't been plenty of criticism by the media of republicans , democrats , tea party , president , administration ? 
  what do you expect coming from a guy that thinkg that [ immigrants that come to europe have money , houses , benefits thrown at them , and * most do n't even bother to get a job * . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/1g1eaw/when_is_the_last_time_you_honestly_evaluated_a/cafx53p ) , or there 's [ this marvel of a comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/imgoingtohellforthis/comments/1exkr9/once_again_relevant/ca52rsz ) where he says that ` gypsies ' are norway 's biggest problem , which even for those gypsy haters amongst you is a bit of a stretch . 
  fortunately , he 's only 18 so maybe he 'll grow out of his racist garbage . 
  romanian new wave has been pretty big lately . 
  i 've seen a number in the past few years . 
  very impressive . 
  ` tuesday , after christmas ' in particular was quite grand , and rather chillingly poignant . 
  hey , it depends on what you really want to do . 
  how you like to travel ( visit sights/sit in cafes and people watch/go nature stuff ) , how old you are , dietary requirements ( some areas as less vego friendly than others ) , etc. 
  give us some details , and i 'm sure i 'll be able to set you right . 
  i 'm an aussie that 's been living in europe for 5 years in a bunch of different countries and have traveled extensively, 
  it 's one thing if it was sanctioned by the leaders and committed by their equivalent of brown coats ( as in the case of gd ) , it 's another thing entirely if it was just some random people who subscribe to another parties views and killed the gd members without the knowledge or approval of party leaders . 
  i 'm sure we 'll get the answer on whether this case was the latter soon enough . 
  i 'm really starting to get tired of all these roma articles and the ensuing racist discussion . 
  i do n't suppose november could be a ` roma news-free months ' or something ? 
  i thought that was par for the course ? 
  shhhh . 
  they just want an excuse to rag on roma , let them have this ... 
  yeah , but most of you swedes do n't really have a basis to compare it against . 
  comparing it to pretty much any other countries immigrant language learning programme/incentives , it really is a marvel . 
  i did n't say anything about your sister . 
  i could , but i only reply in such an uncivil fashion in response to people that send me unprovoked threats and insults in private messages . 
  actually , i have two of the three . 
  i also speak three european languages . 
  incidentally , are you going to send me another one of your threatening pms now , or have you gotten over the whole internet tough guy routine ? 
  also , i ca n't find any definitive standards of what constitutes a ` european ' online , and you 'll forgive me for not taking your word for it . 
  well , living more than 5 years in 3 different countries in europe whilst being heavily involved in society and keeping abreast of the news and politics in the countries i was staying in kinda gave me a handle on it . 
  not to mention i 'm a dual citizen ( australian/european ) that 's visited europe many times in more than two decades , not to mention living here . 
  more old people , fewer young people to support them and their expensive medicine . 
  well then that 's a pretty good indication that the majority of society does n't agree with your views . 
  i do n't see any country being ` forced against their will ' there , i see the confluence of democracy and a free press . 
  nor do i see how the echr giving a ruling about deportation is ` forcing ' your country either , your country chose to sign up and be bound by echr verdicts . 
  svenska for invandrare ( swedish for immigrants ), 
  how are first world countries forced to accept immigrants against their will ? 
  yeah , sure , and in a perfect world beer and chocolate would magically appear in your fridge whenever you wanted it . 
  you could learn it in 6 months , whilst also working to support yourself and having a semi-normal social life ? 
  the swedish model of sfi is fantastic for immigrants to learn a language . 
  small financial incentives plus free language lessons . 
  should be emulated and refined all over the world . 
  and then us aussies take your european young to work on our farms and orchards !, 
  is n't the circle of life a marvelous thing ? 
  this is n't a democracy . 
  because what 's important is n't their ethnic background in representation . 
  it 's not meant to be equal proportions of whites , blacks , men , women , gay straight . 
  it 's about representing your political and social views . 
  i 'm a straight white male , yet i 've had more in common with asian , female , or lesbian politicians ( such as [ penny wong in australia who happens to be all three ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/penny_wong ) ) , than i 've had with politicians on the other side of the political spectrum from me . 
  just because someone is of a different skin colour , or even a different nationality , does n't mean that you do n't share the same political and social views as them . 
  frankly , i do n't think you 're going to get any clearly defined lines . 
  it will always depending on the context . 
  i do n't see how having ` hate speech ' laws is fundamentally any worse than having laws about libel or false advertising . 
  you can have the beliefs , just do n't go proselytizing opinions that treat other people as less than equals . 
  sexism ? 
   it 's barely even comprehensible atrocities like that happened in europe only 18 years ago . 
  is it ? 
  i see so much hardline racism in europe , people saying they hope more boats full of asylum seekers going to europe from north africa sink , that they 'd happily watch hundreds of such boats sink and do nothing to help them . 
  you have the golden dawn attacking immigrants in greece , serial killers that target immigrants in sweden and in germany . 
  that sentiment is still alive and well here in europe , it would just take a serious crisis to bring it to the fore on the same scale as srebrenica . 
  i meant ` acceptable ' , in the sense of the post would n't be deleted . 
  not that it 's fine to use language like that . 
  so to clarify , calling someone an ` idiot ' in the heat of discussion would be frowned upon , but acceptable ? 
  pretty sure it 'd be covered under ` xenophobic or other forms of bigotry then ' . 
  but / r/europe has had way too many problems with racists , those brigading or otherwise , to not have some flexible rules to deal with them . 
  english is n't many people 's first language here . 
  if people call ` racist ' , does n't mean it does n't fall under one of those other headings , but they may not know the other words for it . 
  great stuff !, 
  probably does n't live in stockholm . 
  it was , if not common , then at least established in the 90s as a term for southern economies . 
  with the crisis , it regained prominence and irish troubles kinda merited it 's inclusion . 
  istanbul is more than 13 million people . 
  the 12 % statistic you mentioned only covered east thrace ( 10 million people ) , whilst istanbul extends over to the anatolian peninsula , that is , the ` asian ' side where millions more live and does not count as east thrace . 
  that 's so goddamn adorable !, 
  also , did you just go through every single one of my posts in this thread and downvote them ? 
  wow , you nosedived straight into crazy territory . 
  what , are you saying that gibraltar is not based off of british culture and british colonists ? 
  i 'm glad you 've told me gibraltars have far more in common with their iberian cousins that with the uk , i 'd * never * have guessed that . 
  ` hate my homeland ' and ` escaped to the eu ' . 
  what the fuck ? 
  this is exactly the kind of bullshit most people detest about eurosceptics in / r/europe , no intellectual honesty , just a load of hyperbole and bullshit . 
  people from gibraltar are considerably more eurosceptic than the mainland gb . 
  my pet theory is that , like with other expat communities , they strive to be more ` home country ' than the natives do . 
  so you 'll see aussies in the uk who play up aussie stereotypes , swedes in france that insist on having a kraftskivorfest to feel like theyre back in the ` homeland ' , even though they never grew up there . 
  you got me , i 'm part of the evil anti-eurosceptic conspiracy run by the eu . 
  they sent me back in time , from a world that was riddled with eurosceptic parties , to try and convince a bunch of people on reddit to realise the potential of the eu . 
  now that you 've caught me out , my mission must end and my head will self destruct . 
  can you not read english ? 
  it said that ** earlier ** , my posts were heavily downvoted . 
  the one you replied to was -4 for a time . 
  i 've gotten many downvotes ( my earlier comments , plus others in this thread were all in the negatives for a while ) from the ` eurosceptic ' crowd . 
  they downvote eachother . 
  what 's your point ? 
  a similar number have dwnvoted my posts here which i thought were concilliatory and rather balanced to the eurosceptic pov . 
  whats your point ? 
  edit : you made a post saying i was being a dick to the eurosceptic crowd , but deleted it . 
  i have a mate that met nigel at a dinner party one time , 6-7 years ago . 
  he said the guy was an intellectual nobody , a populist of the worst kind , who had no critical thinking skills . 
  and the funniest thing is that this friend of mine is a libertarian , anti-eu , small englander that would otherwise be voting for ukip !,
