  for those that are curious , there 's a link to it [ here ] ( http://portal.uam.es/portal/page/portal/uam_organizativo/departamentos/cienciapoliticarelacionesinternacionales/personal/fernando_rodrigo/pagina_personal_fernando_rodrigo/teoria_relaciones_inter/textos/putnam-%20the%20logic%20of%20two-level%20games.pdf ) if you 'd like to give it a more thorough browse . 
  it will provide a much more and precise explanation than the one that i hope to give , and it 's only thirty pages so it 's not very long . 
  i very much recommend all of you read it . 
  what 2lg essentially stipulates is that there are two levels of playing field in international negotiation ; the domestic , and the international . 
  in the domestic playing field , groups are formed to apply pressure on the government to adopt favourable policies ( these groups may be anything , from companies and ngos , to public or party opinion - the important thing is not to just consider them to be organized , clearly delineated groups ) , whilst politicians seek to get the power to push the agreement through by building consensus amongst the groups . 
  the international playing field , however , is where the national governments want to alleviate their domestic constituents concerns , whilst at the same time ensuring that the development of the policies of other parties in the negotiation does not adversely affect their constituencies and power bases . 
  one of the clearest ways to represent this is through ` win-sets ' . 
  a win-set is the full spectrum of acceptable outcomes to the party in question . 
  thus , in a two level game , the possible win-set for the international negotiation is in large part dependant on the range of acceptable outcomes in the level 2 negotiation ; that is , the larger each of the negotiating parties level 2 win-set is , the more likely they 'll overlap with the other parties in a place where both sides are satisfied with an agreement . 
  perhaps the best way for you guys to visualize it is through a [ venn diagram ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/6d/venn_a_intersect_b.svg/1280px-venn_a_intersect_b.svg.png ) , except imagine that there are 12 actors and they all have to overlap in one spot for the tpp , or * 30 * actors for ttip . 
  now , the reason the negotiations are conducted in secret is to keep each of these venn diagram bubble countries as large as possible . 
  each time one of their possible negotiating is constrained , they get smaller , and thus less likely to overlap with all of the 11 other actors potentially leading to deadlock or abandonment of the agreement . 
  this can be especially troubling if the negotiations were done in public , with every individual , every company , every lobbyist , knowing at each stage what is being discussed and what has been provisionally agreed to . 
  thus , for negotiations to be successful win-sets need to be maximized , which means minimizing the influence of vested interests during the negotiation process . 
  imagine the following scenario . 
  the party governing a country gets a lot of its funding from a certain demographic , say dairy farmers . 
  dairy farmers have access to the text ( under this public text proposal of the greens ) , and see there 's something they do n't like there . 
  maybe dairy tariffs will be lowered . 
  maybe their export subsidies will be cancelled . 
  maybe they 'll lose protected designation of origin status . 
  whatever , they do n't like it . 
  so the dairy union lobby launches a massive advertising campaign trying to scare the shit out of joe public about the new treaty , whilst simultaneously threatening the ruling party about how they 're going to fund the opposition if this goes through . 
  so , ruling party of course says that that clause can no longer be part of the treaty . 
  except imagine this multiplied amongst every industry sector of every country negotiating . 
  it 'd be an absolute clusterfuck , twelve countries all drawing red-lines over certain issues would lead to a treaty with absolutely zero teeth , and everyone would wonder what the fuss was about because it would really amount to nothing . 
  and i 'd also like to preempt the comments of `` but the corporations are already heavily involved '' . 
  those are n't corporations that are hammering out the deals . 
  what actually happens it that a number of different industry specialists are part of consultative groups ( for example one on agriculture , one on chemicals , one on pharmaceuticals ) , as are consumer rights groups , environmental groups , and others . 
  there 's nothing clandestine or shady about it , but if you 're coming up with a deal that 's going to change tens of billions of dollars in trade , then you definitely want to get a sense of how it would effect various stakeholders , and those stakeholders give input on those elements of a treaty . 
  joe citizen generally does n't have the knowledge , nor the expertise , nor the specialization , to be able to have a meaningful input into how a given provision would affect environmental standards , or consumer standards , or the steel industry , or the chemical industry . 
  but just as representatives of key sectors are given some access , so too are environmental groups ( under the tepac ) , labour groups ( under the lac ) , consumer groups , etc. 
  they 're all under strict ndas and security clearances . 
  if they talk to people about it , they 're going to prison for a long time , as well as paying a huge fine . 
  it makes sense to have representatives of those most affected taking part . 
  it 's also worth keeping in mind that negotiators negotiate with * what is politically possible to pass in mind * . 
  the job of negotiators is n't just to come up with an agreement , but an agreement that should be politically passable by all the negotiating members . 
  this means that the us has to be sensitive of both what is possible in the us , but also in the eu and vice-versa . 
  acta was shot down by the european parliament thanks to public opposition , do you think they would n't also shoot down ttip if they felt the same ? 
  and congress on it 's own is a whole other ball-park of trying to get things through . 
  arguments against secrecy in international negotiations come from ignorance and nowhere else . 
  there is certainly scope for more transparency in some areas - for example the eu has released the negotiating mandate , idealized forms of final chapters , etc which the us has n't done . 
  but expecting to see the state of the negotiations at every step is simply ridiculous . 
  one way or another , brexit will be the specter that haunts british political discussion for decades to come, 
  i do n't mean to alarm you , but ; 1 ) you 're using ie 2 ) you pasted the same link twice . 
  you have no idea what the fuck you 're talking about, 
  are you serious ? 
  australia was built on unskilled labor . 
  most immigration over the last hundred years has been unskilled . 
  it 's pis . 
  they think poland exists independently of the rest of the world , and their one and only exclusive focus is poland . 
  they think they what happens in the rest of the world should n't affect poland , and ca n't comprehend when and why it does happen . 
  it 's an organization dedicated to financial stability . 
  in their deliberations , they examine all possibilities . 
  i can already see the headlines now , `` central bank considers [ drastic solution ] '' , and the damage coming from that . 
  which is exactly why they should n't be transparent . 
  they 're a central bank . 
  the damage that could happen from the market having access to internal discussions could be catastrophic . 
  i thought that we were talking about companies in general . 
  i do n't see why some family owned companies are such a huge issue , it 's not like every country does n't have them . 
  if you bought 100 % of the the shares in the companies , yeah . 
  but the point is n't that one person owns them , it 's that tens of thousands to millions of people from likely 100 + countries own shares in most of the companies , if not directly than via something like an etf . 
  no one is stopping you buying shares in those companies . 
  capital has no nationality because it does n't really matter that much where the company is from , but rather who the owners are . 
  no , rather that you ca n't take the good and just ignore the bad . 
  sorry if that was n't clear . 
  is n't that literally what i 'm saying , when i say `` the two inherently go hand in hand '' ? 
  i do n't have time for this degree of crazy , sorry . 
  if the bad stuff does n't matter then neither does the good stuff i disagree with your characterization of modern day slavery , so not going there and the reason people bring it up is because someone starts cheering for the days of empire - or , it 's reactive . 
  because they 're related . 
  i mean , a large part of the empires power came from exploiting colonies and indigenous people . 
  to then turn around , and say that the great things that were built from that are the only part worth remembering , is frankly sick . 
  well , the two inherently go hand in hand do n't they ? 
  when will people learn that populism is stupid and doesnt work ? 
  this is a fringe concern , to put it mildly . 
  it 's fine on a hot day and you 're outside . 
  not something you love , but not worth complaining about . 
  no mate , i 've written extensively about both ( all three if you count the first vattebfall case ) on reddit . 
  could n't agree more . 
  / r/canada is filled with naive idealistic teenagers that do n't have an iota of political maturity among them . 
  do n't take their word as gospel . 
  how did you think that it would harmonize regulations , and where do you thinkt hat would be a bad thing ? 
  good . 
  that 's the way it should be . 
  well , no it was n't . 
  are schools being privatized ? 
  the police service ? 
  anything which is n't typically privatized in the west ? 
  no , it 's just in those areas where privatization makes sense . 
  the only one misleading people here is you . 
  every modern agreement containing isds has made it explicit that environmental/health policies done in a non-discriminatory manor are not fair game for isds , which is why if a company brought such a case they 'd lose . 
  i 'm opposed to may 's surveillance laws and anti-whistleblowing laws ... but techdirt is a shitty ` political activist ' source with zero credibility . 
  they 're have the same intellectual integrity as breitbart when it comes to tech issues . 
  try and find one amendment to ip in a western democracy that they 've actually supported . 
  to them , everything is doom anbd gloom . 
  almost any privatization can be considered ` rapid privatization ' when discussing the transition from command to capitalist economy . 
  no it was n't . 
  i think he was making a joke about how bad krakow 's air quality is . 
  capitalism does n't mean ` privatise everything ' , do n't be ridiculous . 
  i do n't think anyone has considered johnson or may to be russian backing brexiteers . 
  it 's just a fact .
