  no , it 's a reminder that the u.k. committed itself to those obligations . 
  the eu is n't making demands , the u.k. is . 
  doing it to gain leverage because she does n't feel scotlands views are properly represented . 
  analogies are rarely perfect . 
  who mentioned lowering taxes ? 
  and you 're still misunderstanding the fundamental point that you 're not taxing corporations when you have a corporate tax . 
  you 're taxing people . 
  you seem to be having a conversation with someone else , but replying to me, 
  perhaps look at the word ` implicit ' in the dictionary . 
  if the state owned company makes a profit , where does the profit go ? 
  the taxpayer via the government . 
  if the government sells the company , where do the proceeds go ? 
  the taxpayer . 
  yes , but corporations are not ` real ' . 
  they do n't need money . 
  they do n't need food . 
  they do n't need anything . 
  they are ideas in people 's heads . 
  so when you 're taxing corporations , you 're really taxing people . 
  the shareholders of state owned companies are implicitly the citizens of that state . 
  i know your default stance is to immediately argue against what someone replied to you with , but try and actually understand what i 've written . 
  are you kidding ? 
  corporations are people - at least , they 're completely owned and run by people . 
  when you tax a corporations , you 're really taxing investment , workers wages , consumers , and shareholder earnings . 
  it 's like when there 's a fuel tax , you 're saying ` people are n't being taxed , fuel is ! ' . 
  it 's completely moronic . 
  fuel does n't have money . 
  fuel has no concept of money . 
  the people involved with the fuel do , however , and are the ones being taxed . 
  new zealand has a huge comparative advantage that simply does n't translate to the british experience . 
  more , the way they liberalized their agricultural sector was coordinated and timed in such a manner as to cause as little disruption as possible . 
  this is n't the case for the uk . 
  sure , the green revolution worked wonders , and demographic trends show that the global population is likely to level out - but we 're still contending with overfishing , with global warming , with political instability in a large number of the world 's bread baskets . 
  the decision to move away completely ( in effect , or actuality ) likely wo n't be a problem now , or in twenty years , but there will be a time when it is likely to cause a problem . 
  i think it 's a bit irresponsible to just get rid of your agricultural sector and hope for the best . 
  these ` shill ' accusations are incredibly stupid . 
  some issues are dear to peoples hearts , so they are willing to invest more time in defending them on message boards ( let alone elsewhere ) . 
  / u/trucidator is n't a shill , he 's just someone with a different opinion . 
  food security is an incredibly important concept . 
  you do n't want to be the country that 's completely lacking in agricultural know-how and infrastructure in the event that there is a global famine , or something along the foot price crisis during the gfc where staple crops rose over 100 % , prompting export bans from many countries that were otherwise self sufficient . 
  only you are not talking about refugees . 
  does the image submitted here reference refugee children or not ? 
  who said economic migrants ? 
  such a stupid comment . 
  whut, 
  way to stick to the topic ... 
  it is exactly that . 
  you are one of those elements . 
  i spent a lot of time studying organizations like cis and csto and i see a tremendous amount of ignorance about the place , so maybe im a little over sensitive . 
  it is n't amongst most of the racist and xenophobic , many of which inhabit this subreddit . 
  this is immediately apparent to anyone that 's even given a cursory glance at belarusian politics . 
  i never sod he was anti establishment . 
  i like schzultz , i would like him to be pm one day . 
  but i think we need merkel 's political legitimacy and sense of stability for the western world right now . 
  the rest of the place is going to the dumps , and she seems to be one of the few people still keeping things together . 
  next election , i 'd be out there with banners and flags waving . 
  fortress . 
  abortion =\\ = killing baby . 
  if the way the statistics are compared are different , how do you realistically expect to be able to compare between countries ? 
  it 's not deflection to say that the reporting methods are different , it 's explanation . 
  the way the swedes record it is probably most accurate out of all the countries anyway , the ` international definition ' ( if such a one exists ) should be adjusted to the swedish one . 
  reading this whole submission is just crazy . 
  so , to answer your own question , ecb bond buying is irrelevant to this article , you were just being childish ? 
  no one is saying ` do n't care ' , people are saying ` act proportionally to the danger ' . 
  if you 've seen any of his posts on russia , you 'd see the guy has a distinct anti-western bias that leads to basically every facet of what some would term the ` alt-right ' . 
  urgh , not that idiot akarlin guy . 
  as i said , i lived * in * sweden . 
  i heard some things that were borderline racist . 
  but the overwhelming majority of people were just normal , they were n't scared like you seem to suggest . 
  just no . 
  this is a party that has had controvery after controversy over how crazily racist they are . 
  they have racist incident after racist incident , such as the time their justice spokesman and economy spokesman ( both mps ) were caught running around harassing foreign-looking people with slurs and blunt instruments , where their mps get caught describing darker-skinned people as monkey , where an mp who claimed he was beaten and robbed of his backpack by immigrants had in actual fact been helped by two immigrants back into his wheelchair , and he had actually just forgotten it at the restaurant he was in ( this very same charming fellow also abused the guards at the riksdag ) and at least used to get , if they do n't still currently , a lot of it 's funding from out-and-out racists and that has it 's roots in the swedish neo-nazi movement . 
  many of these mps have been kicked out in recent years for ` ruining ' the party 's image , and it 's certainly trying to seem like a respectable party , but a polished turd is still a turd . 
  they tend to have some kind of racism scandal every week edit : had to remove like his because of bot, 
  jumping in to confirm . 
  as someone who lived in sweden for a few years , i could n't agree more . 
  swedes were fine with being critical of immigration policies , it was outright racism they were opposed to . 
   other than the subject of refugees or roma . 
  or muslims . 
  the scariest thing is how much validation they 're giving to a person that 's clearly crazy . 
  you say that as if similar populist bullshit is n't gaining traction in europe . 
  keep burning those lovely shale deposits you have estonia !, 
  you 'll sink russia under the sea in no time !, 
  im actually dumber for having watched that . 
  that was awful . 
  yes , of course many small businesses ( particularly smallhold farmers ) were destroyed . 
  as was manufacturing in the us which moves to mexico . 
  however as a result , mexican agricultural exports to the us also tripled . 
  i mean , the one of the key benefits of trade liberalization is the reallocation of capital and labour to where they 're most efficient . 
  this , of course , means some businesses will go under , but other opportunities ( almost always better ) will be created . 
   a 40 billion euro company is just much more powerful and can more easily change the rules in its favor . 
  but in the process they often hurt the economy by `` rigging '' it . 
  you 're going to have to clarify how they 're rigging it . 
  are you saying that the much wider choice , cheaper goods , and generally better quality goods of a chain like aldi compared to a local supermarket is a bad outcome ? 
  i do n't see why you think nations should just continue having the same businesses they 've always had , if they 're not efficient , do n't produce good wage growth , and do n't have opportunities to expand . 
  edit ; to add from an imf study ; increased trade and financial linkages have affected the dynamics of economic growth in mexico in several ways . 
  contributions of exports and investment to gdp growth have increased substantially following the introduction of the agreement . 
  in particular , the contribution of investment to gdp growth reached 3 percentage points during the period 1996-2002 as the average growth rate of investment rose to more than 8.5 percent . 
  recent studies suggest that nafta induced a sizeable increase in total factor productivity in mexico , helping double gdp growth from an annual average of 2 percent in 1980 -- 93 to 4 percent in 1996 -- 2002 . 
  nafta appears to have also been associated with significant changes in the mexican business cycle .
