  sure . 
  so you also think we should n't allow in refugees ? 
  ah , i see what you mean . 
  as far as i 'm aware , that 's not the fault of the ` european policy makers ' either , they are n't forcing companies to pay less money . 
  as to the bonds , that 's very interesting , and certainly makes sense from the perspective of all parties involved . 
  but i still completely disagree that ` european policy makers ' got the greeks into that pit somehow . 
  the most irritating thing about your points , aside from all your assertions that there are problems without any evidence , is your continued conflation of * refugee * with * immigrant * . 
  eh , i 've heard of tino before , i 'm kinda sceptical of his ideological honesty . 
  alas , the swedish in the report is too advanced for me to read without serious effort . 
  jesus , i recall you once saying that extrajudicial killings in northern ireland were perfectly justifiable , but i did n't realize you were an out-and-out racist . 
  for curiosities sake , have you ever * met * any turkish people ? 
  the swedish government , and the government 's of most of the listed countries , are n't experiencing stress based off of welfare payments to immigrants . 
  second , these are * refugees * , that is , people that are fleeing crazy fucked up shit such as wars , dictatorships , oppressive regimes , etc. 
  i knew what that link was going to be before i opened it . 
  yeah , there were some muslims that went nuts when lars vilks was openly insulting mohammed . 
  there are also fights between football hooligans ( one football fan - an aik supporter , i think - was recently killed ) , between political groups ( some far left knifed some far right demonstrators a few weeks ago ) , and so on . 
  big deal , that 's the kind of shit that can happen in any society where diametrically opposed ideologues confront eachother . 
  i do n't know what kind of utopia you 're expecting , but the thing about utopias is that they 're unattainable . 
  europeans are seen as more culturally linked with swedes than with north africans , or what-have-you . 
  that said , without seeing some proper studies on the subject i feel uncomfortable drawing conclusions based on that . 
  i do n't disagree with much of what you wrote in principle . 
   which does n't explain their massive divide from eu immigrants . 
  but this was not just non-eu immigrants , this included eu immigrants . 
  still , swedish names had a far higher chance of being accepted than foreign ones , regardless of qualifications and language skills . 
  i have n't heard of people being forced to work without earning money . 
  could you show me some links ? 
  also to the bonds being pushed 50 years into the future ? 
  because that seems very unlikely to me . 
  regardless , i still fail to see how the greek state being unable to pay for it 's liabilities is the fault of ` european policy makers ' . 
  i would put that down to an implicit preference for a nations people preferring to hire people from their own nation . 
  there are oecd stats out there somewhere that show that immigrants tend to get worse opportunities than natives , all things being equal . 
  there was also a study in sweden a few years back that found that people with non-native names were considerably less likely to get callbacks and interview for a job . 
  i imagine if this were not the case , that would n't be such a problem . 
  nevertheless , let 's not forget that immigrants are also some of the largest starters of smes . 
  it 's pretty typical . 
  the far left and the far right tend to be as bad as eachother . 
  i 'm a great believe in ` horseshoe theory ', 
  that does n't mean i have n't been in them , or that i have n't spoken to people from them . 
  regardless , the numbers speak for themselves . 
  by an overwhelming majority , most immigrants behave themselves and find a place in society . 
  it 's the job of civil society to make sure such people are not elected to power , and if they are , to quickly get them out of it . 
  why was the media not reporting it ? 
  why were academics not discussing it ? 
  and if they were , why was no one listening/caring ? 
  in a democracy , civil society is as responsible for it 's politicians , as the politicians are for the society . 
  i do n't see how privatization or economic liberalization inherently enslaves people across the eu . 
  the fact is that the greek state racked up an enormous , and unserviceable , debt . 
  they had two options : a ) return to the drachma and default . 
  this would have been a horrible option for greece as there would be strict trade restrictions , possibly even sanctions , greece would be unable to pay for essential imports of gas , oil , food , medicine , etc. 
  b ) accept the financial assistance of the troika , which came with conditions attached as they had an interest in not throwing money away to be spent like it had been over the last decade + by the greek state . 
  at the very least , however , the state could continue to finance its obligations , pay for imports , et cetera whichever way you look at it , option b was by far the better choice . 
  the troika were n't just going to give money away forever , they needed to make sure the greek state could stand on it 's own two feet and so they attached conditions they thought would help speed that along , but which were also acceptable to the constituent members of the troika . 
  no matter what , putting the blame on ` european policy makers ' is the wrong thing to do - the cause of the crisis was mismanagement by greece . 
  i 've lived in a number of countries across the eu , and i have to disagree with too many problematic immigrants are being taken in . 
  personally , i think the whole immigration debate is a manufactured problem built on tabloid press and exacerbated by populists . 
  it 's very much a ` feels , not reals ' debate . 
  i guarantee you that a newspaper with the headline ` muslim gang rapes girl ' will greatly outsell a newspaper that says ` gang rapes girl ' . 
  it calls to a primal fear of the other , of people different than us . 
  the problems commonly attested to be caused by immigrants being different tend to rather be problems rather caused by poverty and lack of opportunity . 
   there is an immigration problem . 
  last year alone you had 3 million immigrants entering europe ( and this is official stats , who know what 's the true number ) . 
  1 in 8 residents in uk is born outside uk . 
  if you think there is no issue to deal with here , there is no point further discussing this . 
  you can not ignore numbers and trivialize the problem , because you doing so only fuels support for the ones willing to deal with it . 
  why is he mentioning shared of the whole population , if it 's assimilation that 's the problem ? 
  hence why i asked ... 
  yep . 
  they need to fix their political and judicial system , get rid of erdogan , and then they 'll have a shot . 
  they certainly do n't at the moment . 
  i 'd be fascinated to know how you think this is the ec or the ecbs fault that this is happening , and not the fault of greek politicians ( and thus , greek civil society for not electing better politicians ) going back at least a decade . 
  gold ? 
  cheers , kind stranger . 
  they did n't expropriate , they stole . 
  i realize the situation is difficult there , but let 's not try and make what they did seem anything other than it is . 
   you chose again to not see the problem . 
  lack of assimilation is a real problem , and it does worsen the quality of life for the existing populace . 
  again the numbers of the supporters do not swell for no reason . 
  you claimed that a large percentage of a country being born overseas was a problem , you did n't mention assimilation . 
  so again , how is a high percentage of foreign born citizens in a country a problem ? 
   that is not what was being discussed . 
  what was being discussed was support for the parties that are attempting to change immigration policies . 
  extremists exist in all spectres of political arena . 
  if we use them as a basis for discussion we have a problem . 
  as i said , i identified two predominant strands of the immigration debate in europe . 
  i then said that for the southern strain , that which has a problem with ` boat people ' , there are no humane , ethical , moral , or legal solutions that are n't pretty much already in place . 
   un convention on refugees was made by man and should be changed by man . 
  we also had laws on women 's ability to vote and gay rights but we changed them because there was no room for them in our society . 
  societies change , laws must change with it . 
  the law should allow only for legal migration and immediate deportation of everyone else . 
  the laws you mentioned on fines , might exist but are seldomly enforced . 
  a law without enforcement is worthless . 
  if it was enforced 100 % of the time , there would be no questioning its efficency . 
  look , the world is not going to change the convention just because italy , or spain , or what-have-you is having trouble with boat arrivals . 
  meaning there are two choices , abandon the convention - thus removing yourself from the list of respectable nations - or keep it , and accept that this is just an unsolvable problem . 
  i also see no point in setting up a large scale task force to deal with people employing illegal immigrants if it 's going to cost the state considerably more than the problems the illegal immigration causes . 
   i was certain i saw it in your post . 
  if you did not eddit your post to remove it , then my apologies . 
  it is brought up multiple times in this thread , it must have stuck with me . 
  you can see above that my post has no asterisk next to it , meaning it was n't edited . 
  i did n't mention religion .
