  it was the massive campaigns after acta was released to the public for scrutiny that really built people up into a fever pitch . 
  perhaps if you spent more time trying to understand my argument , instead of trying to win it , you would see that . 
   yes . 
  so was i. i do n't want to have to correct/deal with lobbyist intervention after the fact , i want to prevent it happening . 
  corporations are not citizens and have no free speech rights ( at least not yet , we have managed to not copy one of the more effed up aspects of the us legal framework ) . 
  and i was referring to you learning how the lobbyists operate , instead of just assigning them some nebulous form of ` influence ' which somehow affects the negotiations ( though you admit , you do n't know how ) . 
  yes , i know corporations are n't citizens , but they are stakeholders - hence why they were consulted as well . 
  as to the rest , what i said was that people were * happy with the outcome * after the fact , not that it was definitively a good agreement as evidenced by  most observers at the time welcomed the policies agreed to at bonn, 
  acta was n't defeated by public scrutiny during negotiations , it was defeated by public scrutiny after the negotiations were finished and the final deal was put before the various national parliaments , as the ttip must do , so your point does n't make sense in the slightest . 
  i do n't know the details of the scottish plan , exactly , but that 's not he case . 
  the pound is a very stable currency , and certainly would be considerably more stable than whatever new currency the scots adopted , which would right off the bat likely be subject to rapid revaluations and speculation . 
  less economic uncertainty . 
  i do n't want to deal with mitigating the consequences of bad decisions , i want to prevent the bad decisions from being taken in the first place . 
  i was referring to lobbyists . 
  that 's what the context of that discussion was . 
   there 's quite some considerable dispute on that . 
  public scrutiny leads to better outcomes , as the whole acta debacle has proven . 
  you even quoted it , that most observers were pleased with the results . 
  and i addressed this argument earlier [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2gjkeq/european_commission_denies_eu_public_right_to/ckjs601 ) . 
  the eu is n't going to let another acta debacle happen as a result . 
  well , she is dead ... 
  traditionally , it 's been hard to pull off terrorist acts if you 're dead . 
  the entirety of the ttip has been open to public consultation , all you have to do is send in an email . 
  that 's not the same as opening up the negotiations for everyone to see . 
  no , you 're missing the point . 
  domestically , the package would 've been impossible , however once it had been pushed through , in tandem with the other countries , it was applauded . 
   i do n't know . 
  and the fact that i do n't know is kind of the crux of the matter . 
  perhaps you should educate yourself a bit about lobbying practices , rather than assuming the worst immediately ? 
  reserve judgement ? 
  so what 's the point of bringing it up ? 
  it 's completely irrelevant to the discussion at hand . 
  it 's a regulatory agreement , not a trade agreement . 
  that is not a trade agreement . 
  except they 're not . 
  robert putnam , for example , lists the bonn conference as an example where japan , the us , and germany managed to put in place actions that put together , were favourable to all three however would have been impossible to implement domestically independent of a summit due to domestic political pressure . 
  that is to say , they got a better outcome for all of them working this way . 
  as to lobbyists , what do you think the ec does ? 
  give them all a copy of what the current state of the negotiations is and ask them to cross off with a red pen what they do n't like ? 
   in most civilized countries , there 's such a thing as public consultation and scrutiny . 
  er , no , all trade negotiations in every country are conducted this way ( i 'm not even joking , it literally is all ) . 
  perhaps you should learn about the subject before you decide to comment ? 
   i do n't want to be given the right to have an opinion - i 've got one , thanks very much . 
  i want the right to influence the direction of negotiations and what gets discussed - and the right to vote off whoever approves this after it has been approved does not cut it . 
  you vote on your civil servants ? 
  what magical country is this ? 
  well , it 's news . 
  this is a subreddit for discussion about europe , such as news coming out of there . 
  also , why do you add ` luckily ' into that sentence ? 
  you and i both know that 's not what i meant , so do n't be a dick . 
  jesus , you 're acting like a child . 
   snark aside , even accepting legit asylum seekers has unwanted side effects : if fleeing a country becomes a reliable way to escape authoritarian regimes , then all you have to do as a dictator is to scare the opposition a bit with nightly house searches and unofficial death threats , and then you wo n't even have to make your hands dirty because they flee themselves . 
  then you bash them for being traitors and leaving their country behind , and you have 6 months more of undisturbed dictatorship . 
  rinse , lather , repeat . 
  great , that worked so well for the people aboard the ms st louis . 
  those jews should 've stayed in nazi germany , not fled when they had the chance !, 
  i ca n't believe you 're really suggesting we should no accept refugees . 
  does your xenophobia really take you that far ? 
  thanks for the link , it 's always interesting to see what kinds of misinformation are spread about such deals . 
   if you disagree you 're a shill . 
  it 's presented at the end for the public to see before it gets voted on , wherein it has to be accepted by 28 national parliaments + the ep + the us senate . 
  the people will have the opportunity to pressure their representatives into voting yay or not . 
  if even one of those votes no , the whole thing is over , which is a point in itself for why there will be no egregious breaches of the public trust in the final document . 
  regardless , negotiators tend to get better outcomes for both parties when they 're not hampered by worrying about domestic politics . 
   a more strict migration policy need n't be inhumane in its methods , regardless of whether you consider reduced immigration to be humane ore not . 
  it is if it changes the standard needed to be met of those requiring protection to something that results in hundreds of people being punished/killed . 
  stop all the economic migrants you want , deport those that get to europe 's shores illegally . 
  but i do n't think we should be casually sending people back to countries where they face death . 
  so then i can assume that if a 10 year old child carries out a premeditated murder ( an adult decision ) , they should go to a high security prison for a few years ? 
  we have a distinction between adult and not for a reason . 
  that begs the question : if you have n't done any terrorist acts , and are n't going to commit any terrorists acts , are you in actual fact a terrorist ? 
   i dont constantly trawl reddit or the news looking for things to be upset about , especially in a country i dont even live in you should try , it 's a lot of fun !, 
  ok , so how is that relevant to what i said ? 
  i said this is a symptom of a problem europe is experiencing - lots of illegal immigration . 
  i suggested that if europe wants to treat this problem , maybe they 'd try fixing things at the source . 
  if they do n't want to do that , then they have two choices . 
  they can instead bitch about immigrants and propose inhumane solution to the issue ( such as shooting up boats full of refugees ) , or they can grin and bear it and accept it as something that 's going to happen no matter what . 
  but i never proposed giving all our citizen oversight and so on to the experts , so do n't make bullshit like that up . 
  screw em , they 're morons . 
  yes , let 's run a whole bunch of people with no specialization on the subject decide everything !, 
  we can let people that were formerly garbage men be our doctors , we can choose airport baggage-handlers to be our doctors !, 
  what a marvellous world that would be !, 
  you seem to want direct democracy . 
  i prefer representative democracy , where we are supposed to elect those closest to our beliefs to make our decisions for us , with our influence . 
  they 're better at mitigating the disastrous effects of what the majority would vote for , which is lots of services , no taxes , and public hangings for walking too slowly on the sidewalk . 
  has there been another stormfront invasion . 
  there are considerably more upvotes for the known racists over the last 24 hours than normal . 
  i 'm not a development policy specialist . 
  neither are you . 
  that 's something that should be left to the experts . 
  `` culturally enrich in the ass '' , haha . 
  edit : oh , a / r/greatapes poster . 
  charming . 
  i did n't say dumping money . 
  and i did n't realise you were a development policy specialist to know what would and would n't work . 
  yes , i have actually read it . 
  there are no clauses to outright refuse refugees . 
  it 's also abundantly clear that you have no understanding that there is a distinction between ` refugee ' , ` asylum seeker ' , ` economic migrant ' , and ` illegal immigrant ' . 
  you do n't have to colonize a place to make it better , or to help bring about change that will stop them coming . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2ghnxk/swedes_of_reddit_what_do_you_think_of_the_outcome/ckjn7dx ) is a good response .
