  you know that the eu published a bunch of documents a few months ago in their transparency initiative , covering most of the treaty about what their policies were , and why ? 
  did you also know that those links have been clicked on an average of 2300 times in the five months they 've been up , whilst an anti-ttip petition has been signed over a million times ? 
  the people do n't bother to educate themselves on the matter . 
  i have educated myself , and now i can tell people why they 're wrong ( and feel smug and superior doing it ) . 
   governments have every right to legislate to protect citizens . 
  and no one is removing this right . 
   companies selling products that kill their clients have no moral and currently no legal right to sue to protect their profits . 
  no , but they can sue if the government has acted in violation of a treaty against them . 
  it doens ' t mean they 'll win ( in fact , they 'll probably lose ) . 
   yet in every thread mentioning ttip in you come claiming your research says there 's nothing to worry about . 
  that 's either idiotic or malign . 
  or you simply do n't understand isds . 
  i 'm not arguing over edcs , i 'm arguing over regulation in general . 
  i 'm pretty sure / u/worldleader was n't arguing about edcs , but regulation in general as well . 
  yes . 
  i do n't see what the issue is, 
  it makes perfect sense . 
  you said that i was wrong about what the paper was about , and i asked you to explain how i was wrong . 
  uh huh , keep telling yourself that red . 
  you apparently live in a utopia , because here in the real world they work generally pretty fine . 
  [ entered into force june 2007 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/registration,_evaluation,_authorisation_and_restriction_of_chemicals ) . 
   this is not what this paper is about , obviously you do n't get it right . 
  so why do n't you be useful for a change and explain it ? 
  where have people been advocating no scientific risk assessment ? 
  in fact , that 's what this article is about - companies protested because there was no scientific risk assessment , and wanted it to be conducted before blanket banning a bunch of pesticides . 
  reach is the current standard . 
  no one is proposing getting rid of that . 
  you 're tilting at windmills here , don quixote . 
  so what do you propose as reasonable ? 
  you 're the one that 's going contrary to how governments currently regulate . 
  you 're saying it should n't be this way , tell me your proposal . 
  ok , what 's your point ? 
  we should ban everything for twenty years of testing ? 
  it does n't seem that difficult . 
  conduct some testing , send the methodology to the national regulator , the regulator can check the methodology to see if it 's a properly conducted study , maybe conduct some of their own , and if there 's no harm then allow the product into service . 
  oh wait , this is basically the standard for every western country on the planet already . 
  i do n't know why everyone is bitching here , they seem to have no grasp of how such studies are conducted or the processes involved . 
  no one argues for a market free from any kind of restrictions ( well , except libertarians , anarcho-capitalist , anarchists ... you know what i mean ) . 
  yeah ? 
  why 's that ? 
  have you read ceta ? 
  found anything particularly terrible in there ? 
  there 's research coming out every month about how mundane ordinary foods are carcinogens or toxic or whatever . 
  what matters is whether there 's a reasonable risk , but people here seem to think everything is banned until it 's categorically proven to be non-harmful to everyone . 
  there 's little point fighting this battle mate . 
  ttip is obviously evil to most people here . 
  once it 's ratified and ten years will pass , their life is n't any different , and they 've completely forgotten ttip existed they 'll jump onto the next big thing they 're scared into opposing with the same enthusiasm they have for this . 
  ehm , do n't remember exactly , but i know poland and estonia do . 
  they 're all from the former soviet bloc . 
  that does n't seem to bear out in polling about support for a trade agreement with the us , where except in germany and austria , it 's more positive than negative ( though i have n't seen any such polling lately ) . 
  reddit is n't a good cross section of society . 
  but i imagine they 'll definitely be done one way or another within two years , most likely within a year . 
  i think the reason they 've published so much material is because they 've already finished it in most of those areas . 
  what do you mean by panning out ? 
  it 's a very broad question . 
   what troubles me about the investor-state-dispute-resolution part of the treaty is the potential for it to effectively preclude all future regulation of toxicity . 
  there is no such potential , realistically . 
  yes , but as i said , it 's a new proposal for ttip to get rid of frivolous cases quickly . 
  if part of your beef is frivolous cases , that 'll be gone . 
  eight eu countries already have bits with isds clauses in them with the us . 
  they 've been sued by the us only a handful of times in the 20 years they 've been active . 
  it 's the official blog for the stockholm chamber of commerce . 
   i 'm guessing not , but mainly due to a case never going through both isds and national court system . 
  philip morris v australia over plain packaging has gone through both . 
  as i recall , it did n't last long because it was so ridiculous . 
  and ttip is meant to have also a mechanism that quickly gets rid of frivolous or long shot claims . 
  anyway , i imagine if the stockholm chamber of commerce is claiming that , they have something to back it up . 
  isds is usually faster than through national governments . 
   so basically they will have the same rights that national companies have ? 
  the kind national companies do n't need . 
  that 's the thing . 
  they do n't have that kind of recourse through the national legal system for a number of different protections guaranteed in isds . 
  there 's no recourse for denial of national treatment , or in many cases of denial of justice ( arbitrary decisions given for permits and the like ) . 
  and if there is , it 's costly and long to the point where their investment might not even be worth it any more . 
   we should be setting up eu protectionism . 
  every good coming in should be taxed % = ( internal production of good-internal market of good ) / ( internal production ) . 
  this flies in the face of basically the entire discipline of economics . 
   plus i do n't see what populist politicians has to do with this , are you saying they could implement clauses which state `` you may from now on only buy american goods '' , that seems preposterous . 
  [ frequently , and often ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/american_recovery_and_reinvestment_act_of_2009#buy_american_provision ) . 
  they have a huge history of such acts . 
  if they tried shenannigans like i wrote about [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/36rdcc/hundreds_of_tech_companies_line_up_to_oppose_tpp/crh4oly ) ( particularly the steel section ) , eu companies would actually have a real recourse . 
   buts it 's not even the fact that the uk has lost a case , its the fact that corporations can arbitrarily ( yes i know its logo rights , but you and i both know they are trying to stop the implementation of this plain packaging in all countries , not just the uk ) take countries to court to try and subvert their national interests . 
  they first sued australia in our high court , and lost horribly . 
  they will lose horribly in isds as well . 
  but just because one company abuses the system , does n't mean it should be thrown out . 
  frivolous claims happen in domestic courts all the time . 
  the argument that the eu might want it against the us , with it 's huge amount of populist politicians that insist on `` buy america '' provisions and the like does n't sway you ? 
  or why the us might want it against hungary , or bulgaria ? 
  i mean , this is an eu thing in this case . 
  sometimes britain might ` lose out ' a little bit , but other countries gain substantially more . 
  in this case ( and given the uk has never lost a case ) , i do n't think there 's much isds risk for the uk . 
  so out of curiosity , is there anything that would convince you isds is fine ? 
  they 're so misunderstood . 
  yes , but not from inside the company that is suing . 
  there are strict impartiality rules . 
  in one case , for example , an arbitrator was rejected because the arbitrators firm was representing a different company in a dispute with the country . 
   in that post you talk about lawyers from giant corporations being the arbitrators . 
  so i do n't really understand what you are trying to prove . 
  i did no such thing . 
   then they would be in violation of the treaty and the other parties to it would take whatever measure is appropriate to address the treaty violation .
