  it only takes a coalition of four of them to stop anything going through , which means big countries have to court their favour rather than the other way around . 
  not to mention that small countries tend to get better negotiating outcomes than large countries do in all the literature i 've read ( i can cite them for you if you want ) . 
  ` greater power over the cap ' ? 
  how , exactly , do you think the eu works ? 
  four year old articles ? 
  nice . 
  because the butter mountains do n't really occur anymore ? 
  as i 've explained in the past , the cap is n't there for economic benefit , it 's there for a multitude of other reasons - and many countries follow the same policies as those under the cap . 
  it 's there as ( in large part , because obviously it does n't boil down to just one issue ) a security issue , much as the military is . 
  in sum , realise there 's more to such matters that needs to be addressed than just hard economics . 
  the french foreign ministers position is the french government 's position you fuckheaded cockfaced dicksmacker ( there , is that ` grown up ' enough for you ? ), 
  the two in concert represent a very powerful position , especially given there are n't a whole lot of countries offering support to the uk . 
  you 're in a dreamworld , you muppet , the uk will never be able to renegotiate a pick and choose option . 
  because it would have to be ratified by the european parliament you wits-addled dodo . 
  something tells me you have no idea how the eu works . 
  yeah , the third largest party, 
  eh , there are already a number of restrictions on free speech - false advertising laws , libel laws , et cetera . 
  i do n't see how this is fundamentally different , the point of such laws is to try and minimize harm . 
  i realize this is an unpopular opinion on reddit however . 
  i try to not to attribute downvotes to any subject in particular . 
  yeah , the head of a major eu party , and the french foreign minister said that and you dismiss it . 
  are n't you just an open minded plucky guy ? 
  what ? 
  you mean what the belgian ex-pm ( and current head of a major eu party ) , and what the french foreign minister have said are just my ` opinions ' , and not facts ? 
  great !, 
  great , that means i get the last word in !, 
  the european commission largely has its agenda set out for it based on what goes on in the european council . 
  which is the heads of state of each national government . 
  which , in effect by instructing the council of ministers to accept the nominations of the ` eu president ' , created the cabinet of the ec . 
  the pick and choose aspect of the eu has to end now . 
  you wo n't get renewed membership on terms favourable to you , because most of the rest of europe is against that kind of structure . 
  your options are leave , or have an informed and intellectually honest debate within your country about whether you like where it 's heading . 
  alternatively , you can also just keep there from being any change within the eu until a crisis hits the uk that the eu can help with , and out of frustration the eu decides you can deal with that shit on your own . 
  a considerable amount of good eurozone news coming out lately . 
  if the poll were taken pre-cameron , i imagine things would be looking very different . 
  sure , but i imagine things would be wildly different were the uk to leave the eu . 
  your national government slowly appropriates more and more powers all the time , how would this be any different ? 
  because no one ` dictates ' such things to you . 
  the uk voluntarily agreed to pool sovereignty to create eu wide policy . 
  because that 's also how national government policy is decided ? 
  i have n't heard this argument , care to clarify ? 
  sorry , yes , my bad , i did n't sleep last night !, 
  you are , indeed , 100 % correct . 
  but then they do n't seem to realise that the commission proposes legislation that then has to be agreed to by the com and the parliament . 
  two horizontal layers of checks and balances on legislation that has to get passed !, 
  firstly , could you please elaborate on how the eu is less democratic than britain ? 
  in the eu you have the commission ( ~ ~ 27 national heads of government ~ ~ ** edit : have not slept in a while , this is the cabinet chosen by the president , thanks to / u/jabertsohn ** ) which proposes the new legislation , which are then voted on in the council of ministers and the parliament . 
  the com is comprised of the national ministers ( so , if a meeting is about finance then in the meeting will be the finance ministers of each european nation - thus meaning that the party that you voted into parliament is the one representing your interests ) and for a motion to pass , there can not be more than 4 countries voting against , and requires a double majority of 74 % of the voting weights and 62 % of the total population . 
  the com is there to essentially protect national interests ( much as in australia senators are there to protect state interests ) . 
  in the parliament , it 's meps that you directly voted in that vote on legislation . 
  how is this system , in your opinion , undemocratic ? 
  is it just because you do n't directly vote once every four years for a figurehead that has little real power ? 
  secondly , how do you think the eu is dragging europe down ? 
  because growth in western countries has been largely stagnant for a very long time , and the only real ` productivity ' gains come from a race to the bottom that the eu is trying to prevent ( witness , for example , the eu working time directive ) . 
  could you please comment on why you think the eu is a bad thing because of these two issues ? 
  i 'm not trying to be provocative , it 's just a lot of people in europe are woefully uneducated about how the eu actually works and i 'd like to see what an educated person thinks about such . 
  then it 's not that it ` doesnt paint a good picture ' , but rather that it 's ` not in the picture ' at all . 
  i 'm definitely not communist , and definitely not left of centre-left . 
  not anarcho-socialism , but i 'm still curious why you thought i held those positions . 
  nothing i 've written anywhere has indicated that . 
  i do n't have any of the ` crazy ' economic/social positions . 
  i do n't know why you would think that i hold those views , it 's pretty much the complete opposite . 
  possibly the only time i 've ever agreed with you . 
  i just finished writing a literature review on negotiations and voting in the council of ministers . 
  in it , i discovered that consensus amongst academics is that smaller countries ( particularly austria , sweden , and ireland , but all of the less powerful countries get this ) consistently have better negotiation success than the larger countries like germany and france . 
  it 's not about ease , it 's about maximum benefit . 
  cameron is after a ` pick and choose ' approach to the eu . 
  from now on , the eu is not going to be allowing more pick and choose options given how it 's failed with switzerland and norway ( which were meant to be enticing offers to joining the eu ) . 
  they 've been having talks about having talks about this for decades . 
  i 'm willing to bet 50 euros to the charity of your choice that within five years there will not be an eu-us fta if you 're willing to pledge the same . 
  even though the eu-south korea fta went into force recently ? 
  they 've lifted the largest number out of people out of poverty in such a short amount of time ever . 
  the system is different , it sucks how much it disrespects human rights , but to claim its a monster boogeyman is simplifying it too much . 
  simply put , not going to happen for the next 20 years at least . 
  there are too many overlaps in their respective economies , and it 's a miracle they have n't gone into a trade war yet . 
  they 've gone at it at the wto multiple times , with the eu losing each time . 
  the only way they 'd agree to an fta is if one was to have a drastically lower relative level of power , not to mention that the last agreement they made regarding lcas ( 1994 ) , the us decided to say ` fuck it , wto covers this , not our bilateral agreement ' and fucked the eu over one or two years following the creation of the agreement . 
  the eurosceptics are pissed off that the uk ca n't negotiate it 's own ftas , despite the fact that in international negotiation theory the bigger the party , the better the outcome for that party . 
  negotiating as part of the eu is better than negotiating as just the uk . 
  but but but the uk eurosceptics act as if the eu ca n't negotiate ftas !, 
  how is this possible ? 
  funnily enough , centuries ago werman meant male man , and wifman meant female man , with ` man ' just meaning human being . 
  eventually werman just became man . 
  or rather , because a lack of a culture that values critical thinking above all else makes them have a culture that does n't value critical thinking above all else ? 
  yes , i am aware . 
  but it 's still important to delineate the two because whilst the wto is built on the gatt , it 's something completely separate . 
  it 's like calling the ec the eu . 
  they 're related , but worlds apart . 
   yes , if a company chose to challenge the french law in france , sinking money and time into something that may not go anywhere in the midst of a recession . 
  this is the case with all laws all over the world . 
  it is up to the company to challenge it . 
  these things happen all the time . 
  but your contention from the start has been that the eu is protectionist ( we 've established it 's not , with you even going so far as to cite the example of the eu telling a government to shape the fuck up ) . 
  so all we 're bickering now is that you want governments to be perfect , and i know that they 're not . 
  and so , with that , i wish you well in the future , but i think i 'm done with this conversation . 
  a challenge by the company would n't go straight through to the ecj , it would go through national courts first which would say the company was in the right because eu law supersedes national law . 
  only in cases of extreme corruption would it not be struck down in those places . 
  it 's the responsibility of the company to take up the legal challenge , not the eu . 
  i never said anything about the uk , i was merely trying to point out that countries do follow wto law . 
  sure , but there 's no point in saying that .
