  but what should the government do ? 
  forbid people from travelling there ? 
  they travel there at their own risk * because * there is no such agreement . 
   the whole point of investments in foreign ( often third world ) countries is that investors get the opportunity to reap in profits for taking the risk of operating in a foreign jurisdiction . 
  this is patently false . 
  the reason for investment there is because there are opportunities to make money . 
  not because of higher perceived risk . 
  anyway , isds is specifically made to * address * that risk . 
   the next obvious fault in the whole idea is , that foreign investors get securities and a legal framework local investors have no chance to use . 
  this is an unfair advantage in any market and automatically makes this kind of treaties incompatible with eu law . 
  there 's nothing stopping a country enshrining laws giving similar protections to local investors in their own countries . 
   apart from that these courts often employ doctrins and methods from e.g. 
  us law , which are different or do n't exist in most european legal systems for a reason . 
  they most certainly do n't employ us law . 
  they apply arbitration proceedings and guidelines , usually governed by the uns uncitral or the world banks icsid ( which is headquartered in vienna ), 
  i note you do n't point out for the other guy to source his arguments or substantiate them . 
  i mean , i can make an argument that `` isds is amazing , it gives you free beer on fridays '' . 
  it 's complete shit , just like most of what samiumabsiare wrote . 
  how ? 
  what information do you see there that 's incorrect or biased ? 
  keep in mind this is for children . 
  whut, 
  no , i 'm saying jobs remained about static . 
  consumer goods became cheaper though , effectively giving everyone a wage increase . 
  if the xenophobes and bigots are unhappy with media reporting , they 're free to start their own damn newspaper which does n't ` self censor ', 
  did it lead to job losses ? 
  yes . 
  did it lead to * net * job losses ? 
  meta analyses seem to point to no . 
  just wait for them to finish negotiating . 
  so why did you reply to my comment ? 
  i was complaining about those kinds of monsters . 
  you were literally sympathizing with the notion of the invasion of north africa , destroying boatloads of refugees , and vigilante violence against children . 
  if you were n't , there would 've been no point in your replying to me as you did . 
  so it 's ok to butcher people if they 're muslim ? 
  high minded rhetoric is great and all , but we also have to deal with the practicalities . 
  insufficent moderation . 
  read ; ` muh censorship ! ', 
  i 've seen them cheer vigilantism , where a darker skinned child was beaten to a pulp for allegedly stealing . 
  i 've seen people proposing invading all of north africa and setting up permanent military bases along the coastline to prevent refugees coming . 
  i 've seen them proposing destroying every ship coming from north africa . 
  this sub , and the people in it , are n't very reasonable . 
  sweden , if you have your way . 
  you have a gift . 
  ah , i see , you 'd prefer to turn sweden into such a country instead . 
  the us does n't really have many bilateral fta , and especially not where there are existing multilateral frameworks . 
  i think their move towards a multilateral approach is genuine . 
  because you 're simply mistaken . 
  i mean , the sc decision you 've brought up is n't about whether congress can negotiate , it 's about the non delegation principle with respect to congressional-executive agreements . 
  congress can ratify international agreements , but they ca n't start them themselves . 
  page 19 of the pdf . 
  this is from the congressional research service , so it 's not some random blog or some shit . 
  [ the first phase of treatymaking , negotiation and conclusion , is widely considered an exclusive prerogative of the president except for making appointments which require the advice and consent of the senate . 
  the president chooses and instructs the negotiators and decides whether to sign an agreement after its terms have been negotiated . 
  ] ( http://www.au.af.mil/au/awc/awcgate/congress/treaties_senate_role.pdf ), 
  well both you and he are wrong . 
  it 's amusing how obsessed you are over me . 
  again , negotiating agreements are an exclusive competence of the president . 
  a free trade agreement is such an international agreement . 
  i challenge you to find one agreement or treaty that has n't been led by the president . 
  under article 2 , the president has exclusive authority to negotiate treaties and international agreements . 
  trade agreements are n't a competence of congress , they 're a competence of the executive . 
  the only way a trade agreement could be negotiated between the us and uk would be with the president 's express consent . 
  this is expressly set out in the constitution . 
  what an informative and nuanced post . 
  like the us , which said its not interested in making new trade agreements with individual countries ? 
  which suggests the ridiculousness of the proposition ( and the contention at the beginning ), 
  let 's get rid of schengen and block immigration then , in case it bring social tension . 
  controversy come out one way or another . 
  you ca n't protect against it , you can only ride the wave . 
  are you kidding ? 
  look at the controversy surrounding the religious led anti-abortion legislation recently . 
  this is not a unified society , there are extremely bitter and deep run divisions here . 
  what fantasy world are people living in where ` social cohesion ' is the default state of homogenous societies ? 
  explain how . 
  do n't just make vague allusions to ` things get worse ! ', 
  point to the mechanisms involved . 
  there is plenty of information on dg trades negotiating positions online . 
  i reckon if 95 % of people against read through that trove of information , they would n't be against anymore, 
  things are n't going to change for whistleblowers , they 'll still have protection , and you can see [ why the eu thinks its good here ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/growth/industry/intellectual-property/trade-secrets/index_en.htm ) some quotes . 
   the draft directive does not alter the current legal obligations on companies to divulge information for such public policy objectives . 
  the public interest prevails over private interest in such matters . 
  companies are subject to legal obligations to disclose information of public interest , for example , in the chemical and pharmaceutical sectors . 
  such regulations , which ensure a high level of transparency , will not be affected . 
  the draft directive does not provide any grounds for companies to hide information that they are obliged to submit to regulatory authorities or to the public at large . 
   moreover , the draft directive does not alter and does not have any impact on the regulations that foresee the right of citizens to access documents in the possession of public authorities , including documents submitted by third parties such as companies and business organisations . 
   in addition , ** the draft directive expressly safeguards those who , acting in the public interest , disclose a trade secret for the purpose of revealing a misconduct , wrongdoing or illegal activity . 
  this safeguard is operative if the trade secret was acquired or passed to the whistle-blower through the use of illicit means such as the breach of law or contract . 
  if no unlawful conduct takes place the disclosure of the trade secret is out of the scope of the proposed directive and therefore no safeguards are necessary . 
  ** so it does n't look like it 's going to damn civil society at all , whistleblowers remain protected , and inventors and rnd groups get extra protection against people stealing their work . 
  props of / u/limtlessltd, 
  these people * have * a way to get informed and they do n't take it . 
  they read a quick facebook post talking about how the agreement is evil ( half or more of the points made being patently false in any case ) and sign a petition . 
  their views are now set . 
  if you want to pit the uninformed against the informed , be my guest - but to me , that 's madness . 
   anti-ttip petition was signed by 3 million people , and ec stance is that this has no particular weight or relevance . 
  3 million people signed something they had no understanding of . 
  i remember back when there were only 2 million signatures , it was revealed that the documents on the ecs website on ttip were only accessed on average 5000 times over 6 months . 
  how can 2 million people sign something without reading up on it ? 
  they have no understanding of what 's going on , they 're just following fear mongering and populism .
