  they have the ability to seek compensation for government acts ` in bad faith ' . 
  the agreements are n't imposed on people , if the ttip ever gets out of negotiations then it has to be agreed to by 28 national parliaments , the european parliament , and the us senate . 
  regardless , courts are accountable to the law , not the people . 
  we do n't have mob rule . 
  i 've been accused of being a ttip shill , a russian shill , a us shill , a ttip shill , and a fracking shill over the past month . 
  i 'm not advocating for corporations , i 'm someone that wrote one of my masters theses on agriculture negotiations and the doha round and kept an active interest in the subject as a result . 
  heh , it 's funny , because i 've written about much of that stuff extensively on / r/europe before . 
  for example , [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2ewgn3/lets_have_a_discussion_about_the_ttip/ ) i wrote about why the negotiations need to be kept secret . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2e9796/wheres_the_outrage_over_the_transatlantic_trade/cjxc97a ) i wrote about the quebec fracking ban . 
  alas , i have n't been able to find my post on the cigarettes case , but briefly ; they 're using the law as it 's intended to be used . 
  it does n't mean they think they 're going to win the case ( or even hope to ) , rather they want to stop other countries from implementing plain packaging and feel the cost of the lawyers will be substantially less than what they 'll make from the countries that delayed implementation of plain packaging laws . 
  also , because you found fault with one fta ( nafta ) , that means that the [ 379 + ] ( http://www.wto.org/english/tratop_e/region_e/region_e.htm ) others that are in force are also bad ? 
  finally , as with so many other people i 've had to say this to , you should actually read what o'reilly wrote to the commission , and not what was reported . 
  because she was making suggestions for what they could try to do to make it more transparent , she was n't saying that is what they should do or what she wants them to do . 
  we do n't have fptp in australia either , we have a mixed preferential/proportional system . 
  yeah , because there are * no * legitimate grievances the serb population might have in bosnia ... 
  ok , so why are you anti-ttip then ? 
  similarly , european companies will be able to sue the us for pulling their bullshit clandestine protectionism they so often do , such as when airbus lost a $ 50 billion dollar contract with the us armed forces because of political pressure to have a domestic company do it instead . 
  people in france lost the opportunity for jobs and wealth as a result . 
  the worst trend to come out of reddit over the last year has been the absolute surge in the usage of the word ` shill ' . 
  different opinion ? 
  less extreme in their beliefs ? 
  it 's such a cheap way of trying to deligitimize someone 's argument and ignore what they say . 
  and i comment on ttip so often because it 's of academic and personal interest to me , and an article gets upvoted to the top of / r/europe every day . 
  so what 's wrong with have a free , fair , and open referendum like the british are having ? 
  but investors wo n't have the power to do that , so i do n't see the relevance . 
  that 's a terrible mischaracterization of my argument , and a terrible argument full stop . 
  oh yeah , of course , all politicians are equally corrupt , we should burn down parliament , destroy government , they 're all corrupt arseholes !, 
  anarcho-capitalism is the way to go !, 
  the negotiations between the eu and the us are unlikely to be quite so asymetrical , nor do i believe that european elites are as corrupt as those of mexico . 
  furthermore , i do n't think it 's fair to compare a system wherein only three countries ( us , canada , mexico ) have to agree to the provisions to that where 30 different bodies have to agree ( eu28 , ep , us senate ) and where it 's more likely that , should there be egregious crimes against the public , the treaty is shot down in any of of those bodies . 
  just to prevent that from happening , the negotiations have to take that into account . 
  but given that 's the jist of your argument , is it then fair to assume you 're against all free trade deals ? 
  it 's mostly a collection of anti-globalists , people with strong beliefs of direct-democracy , anti-americans , the easily scared , eurosceptics , and those ignorant of how the whole international negotiation/treaty process functions . 
  at least , that 's my understanding . 
  it has the potential to be to your detriment , or to your benefit . 
  if investors feel safer investing in europe , that means more economic activity , more jobs , more wealth . 
  what 's your point . 
  they have their homes , their families , their lives there , possibly for generations . 
  why would they want to move ? 
  well , yes , that 's why it 's mostly foreigners and foreign papers that use that description for sverigedemokraterna . 
  because in the anglosphere , far-right is used about xenophobes and the like , and not about a certain countries specific political spectrum . 
  why that would be used for the social democrats , i do n't know either . 
  far right is n't typically used to denote economic policies , but rather things like strong nationalism and their attitude towards foreigners . 
  it 's different in sweden , australia does n't have that same sense of consensus culture that the swedes do . 
  that 's why we 've always traditionally had strong third parties , whether ` the democrats ' with their slogan ` keeping the bastards honest ' , to one nation , to the greens , whereas the swede 's go for coalitions . 
  perhaps if an alternative to sd showed up that was n't populated with racists , that would have a better shot ? 
  european companies use isds provisions more than any other country . 
  * * yes , i know europe is n't a country . 
  you know what i mean though . 
  there is no current state of ttip legislation . 
  it 's still in negotiation . 
  it would be considered a successor state , and would not have to rejoin the eu . 
  how are my views outside the mainstream ? 
  and i have discussions with people , i do n't comment 30 times otherwise . 
  they 're far to the right on the left-right spectrum , but they 're not neo-nazis . 
  sweden does n't have uncontrolled immigration . 
  because the corporations do n't have power over national parliaments . 
  in what way do they ? 
  this belief can only be true if you also think that national parliaments should be able to control everything - ignoring things like our laws , the constitution , treaties , etc. 
  it 's a fundamentally anti-globalist view which sees each country as an island and ignores the changes to the concept of westaphalian sovereignty that have been occurring over the last 60 years . . 
  not nearly on the same scale and frequency as with sverigedemokraterna . 
  sorry , not off of nothing . 
  off of the same anti-establishment rhetoric that 's been floating around for the last 70 years and has n't changed , because it 's done by idealists rather than pragmatists . 
  they 'd be considered a far right group in any western country . 
  that 's not a ` fact ' , that 's your unsubstantiated personal opinion based off of nothing , and has no value in a discussion . 
   because i would take all the identical ones for one that 's literally what he said . 
  that they all send in identical messages . 
  if you 're not willing to argue in good faith , and instead make up bullshit about the end of democracy , i have no time for you . 
  you 're a self-confessed and unabashed racist . 
  your views are pretty far outside the mainstream , and your opinion are mistakenly clouded by that fact . 
  are you illiterate ? 
  it says  a large number of replies came through third party campaigning sites across europe , where answers to the technical trade-specific questions were provided . 
  that is , the websites told them what to email in , let alone what was from his actual quote . 
  read what you fucking link to , rather than just making shit up based on headlines as you go along . 
  you can study for free in sweden if you 'd like to do a masters degree , could end up cheaper than studying in the uk depending on your situation . 
  if this is your idea of an argument , you failed miserably and you just made yourself look like a fool . 
  maybe it sounded better in your head . 
  you 're the person that said that western europe is going to be a muslim caliphate within 45 years , and who constantly posts shit denigrating muslims . 
  you 're hardly an unbiased source . 
  yes , they ignored many ` form ' letters ... because these form letters all said exactly the same thing , and consultations are n't a number games of ` vote for what you do n't want ' , they 're a way to get input . 
  big deal . 
  it might be that this is a party that has had controvery after controversy over how crazily racist they are . 
  they have racist incident after racist incident , such as the time their justice spokesman and economy spokesman ( both mps ) were caught [ running around harassing foreign-looking people with slurs and blunt objects ] ( https://danielerikvalentin.wordpress.com/tag/sverigedemokraterna/ ) , where their [ mps get caught describing darker-skinned people as monkey ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20130426/47570 ) , where an [ mp who claimed he was beaten and robbed of his backpack by immigrants ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20121129/44726 ) had in actual fact been helped by two immigrants back into his wheelchair , and he had actually just forgotten it at the restaurant he was in ( this very same charming fellow also abused the guards at the riksdag ) and at least [ used to get , if they do n't still currently , a lot of it 's funding from out-and-out racists ] ( http://www.expressen.se/nyheter/sverigedemokraterna-far-miljoner-av-rik-rasist/ ) and that has it 's roots in the swedish neo-nazi movement . 
  many of these mps have been kicked out in recent years for ` ruining ' the party 's image , and it 's certainly trying to seem like a respectable party , but a polished turd is still a turd . 
  they tend to have some kind of racism scandal every week - i 've noticed two such articles in / r/europe in the last fortnight . 
  edit : provide sources , get downvoted . 
  typical . 
  they can participate in the ttip . 
  there 's a consultative process , as you know . 
  that does n't mean i believe that people should have complete , unrestricted , and unlimited access to every single aspect of our government as you seem to advocate . 
  stop just linking to articles you have n't read , and instead actually read them and argue based on that ( pointing to them as a source at the end ) . 
  it 's lazy argumentation otherwise , and i 've caught you out on it 3 or 4 times now . 
  i believe that we should elect people to guide our countries in a certain direction ( and who would listen to specialists on the topics that they ponder over ) , not that we should have direct democracy where an uneducated mob decides everything . 
  democracy is a spectrum , and not an absolute . 
  i 'm just less absolutist about it than you . 
  `` evil corporations have power over us '' . 
  something that 's unsubstantiated , unsourced , not expanded on , and plain wrong regardless . 
  democracy is a spectrum , not an absolute , and we do n't live in direct democracies - rather in representative democracies . 
  in represenative democracies , our democratically elected leaders are put in charge to deal with such topics , and they consult experts .
