  but it 's like that in a number of countries . 
  worse than that , foreign policy needs to be far more supranational than it is , at the moment most countries are too unwilling to give up the control needed leaving the eu in limbo . 
  en there 's also the fact that the us and the eu have almost gotten into a trade war about 5 times in the last 20 years ( steel , large civil aircraft , hormone treated meat , etc ) and you 'd see at the eu and the us are more likely and more willing to compete than get into an agreement . 
  the only reason the us voices positive sentiment towards it is that it tends to win against the eu in the wto in most cases , and that it tends to always get the most advantageous deal in rtas regardless . 
  another ignorant response from you . 
  china does n't ` rule ' it 's companies , though a good number are state owned . 
  just as many western countries intervene in private enterprises ( australia blocking chinas i merger , france with arcellormittal ) , china also steps in when it seems it in the national interest . 
  then you mention the snub to france and the chinese newspapers without realising that chinese media is a pressure valve for the state to stop wide scale civil unrest . 
  you want to know the sad fact about china ? 
  most chinese people like what the government is doing there and has done . 
  the central government works very hard to stem the flagrant waste and corruption of middle government . 
  they see the state as good and valuable for ensuring stability above all . 
  and then you compare china to america when the us has far more people in prison per capita than even the soviet gulag system did . 
  you 're talking about the spratlys ? 
  dude , that area has been claimed by all the countries in the area . 
  is not as simple as saying the islands ` are n't theirs ' , because they 're disputed . 
  grow the fuck up mate , the world is n't as black and white as you think it is . 
  both chiina and the us are the devil , the best thing for europe to do is either become a world actor itself or suck up to the one that will advantage europe the most . 
  why ? 
  i have read it and it looks exactly like an idealistic 14 year old kid would write something , there 's nothing sinister about it . 
  tell me about it . 
  most people who complain about immigration never took the time to try and help immigrants integrate in the first place , thinking it happens by osmosis or something . 
  then they bring out statistics about how bad a certain immigrant group is as if that means something . 
  the only logical step from there , if you accept their premise , is to ban/severely limit immigration from that ethnicity/culture , meaning that they advocate discrimination on that basis . 
  in sum , closet fucking racism as they see that group as inferior . 
  really ? 
  care to elaborate , i 'd love to bring this up with my catalan friends . 
  they have the option to leave now anyway . 
  they do n't because it 's not advantageous for * anyone * to leave the eu at this stage . 
  all the protestant/anglican/what have you churches believe in evolution as well . 
  as far as i 'm aware , the only christians that do n't believe in evolution are the batshit crazy ones and orthodox christians . 
  anyway , i 'm pretty sure there 's a distinction to be made between modern political creationism and past ` we-dont-know-better ' creationism . 
  also , was the downvote really necessary ? 
  rediquette , please . 
  reining in interest rates through unlimited low interest bond purchases is one way to help fix public debt . 
  it 's not perfect , it 's not foolproof , but it seems to be what they 're doing at the moment . 
  who said anything about ` superior ' culture ? 
  yes , but they began dismantling it in the 60s . 
  the point is though , that the current era of ` multiculturalism ' , which means respect and tolerance for different skin colors and religions , is a relatively new thing . 
  i 'm sorry , but you 're mistaken . 
  it 's not ` the oldest multicultural nation in the world ' , in that until relatively recently there was segregation and institutional racism . 
  i 'd put it , rather , that it was mono-cultural , a hybrid of settler and european culture . 
  as to whether there 's a success or not , i think i 'd only have to point to melbourne , australia , to show that it is quite a success in some places . 
  there 's very little ghettoization there , with most immigrants spread relatively evenly throughout the suburbs . 
  if you have n't experienced it , you could n't possibly know , but my experiences with multiculturalism in melbourne are positive in the extreme , and most melbournians would agree . 
  i just finished writing a major essay on putnam not two weeks ago , though not relevant to this topic . 
  regardless , i do n't really think its necessary in pointing out the flaws between trying to compare american and european cultures , let alone debate how you chose to define civic health . 
  no one denies that multiculturalism can include some bad short-medium term effects , but i think the idea to judge that there is a net negative effects based purely on the criteria put forth by putnam for defining civic health is highly questionable . 
  third in two months by my count . 
  because its not just ` relaying the bad traits ' , there 's reason and motive behind it . 
  the only thing these people accomplish is to build up anger and hatred towards immigrants , how does any of what they write help the immigrants to fit in ? 
  you know what he biggest issue is ? 
  the ones complaining the loudest about immigrants are also those that never tried to help an immigrant integrate in the first place . 
  it 's like they thing it happens by osmosis or something . 
  in sum , be constructive . 
  brilliantly said !, 
  if we try and force those damn immigrants to become like us , they 'll turn against us !, 
  says who ? 
  the effect of such discussion is n't immediate , i think , but rather at some point in the future to help sway someone 's opinion when they hear supporting opinion . 
  guess what ? 
  sometimes discussions naturally change topics . 
  this is n't a top level comment , i see why reasons why the conversation for this one tiny part of the thread should it flow on like this . 
  in a lot of cases you have to take context into account . 
  ive used those terms to refer to posters , knowing full well that they used those phrases to mask racism . 
  when i did so , they ( and sometimes their opinions ) were defended by the ` regular ' users who didnt undeestand the people they were dealing with . 
  one character got so bad i had to contact the mods because hed derail every topic and change it to ` multicultralism is evil , muslims are bad ' he was banned and returned the next day under a new account . 
  worse , many of these kinds of people have an agenda , submitting article after article to reddit in which muslims are criminals terrorizing good , proper , white europeans . 
  if someone consistently posts such articles , and hides under a mask of ` multicultralism is bad ' , i have no problem whatsoever in pointing out that theyre xenophobic racists . 
  bravo . 
  ive long been tired of this tolerance for open and clear threats and racism . 
  whilst its easy to brush off their comments as moronic , there are impressionable people who would be swayed by them . 
  free speech is n't absolute , just witness false advertising laws . 
  indeed , forgot about that one !, 
  if it was more the politics , i 'd be ridiculously happy . 
  i dislike the woman 's policies , but she definitely was an interesting character . 
  i know you said european , but there 's a great tv series from australia called rake . 
  it 's mostly focused on the personal problems of a lawyer , but in the second season in particular there 's a great deal about exactly how state politicians abuse their powers . 
  it 's a comedy with brilliant and witty dialogue , great acting , and great actors ( hugo weaving from the matrix , sam neill from jurassic park , etc ) . 
  i have questions , i just dont think they 'll answer properly . 
  i 've written about this before , but there 's more to the cap than market-efficient agriculture . 
  see [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/145bi4/norway_to_raise_import_tolls_on_dairy_and_meat/c7a6bkj ) for details . 
  well , in this case i was referring more to british papers referring to the mainland as ` europe ' , as if the uk was n't part of the continent , and hence was genuinely curious about your identifcation as european . 
  but in the interests of disclosure , i also have eu ( meaning schengen ) citizenship . 
  as to my interest , it 's mostly academic . 
  i specialize in trade ( mostly wto ) and agriculture , which means the need to understand european , and eu , politics in general , and the cap specifically . 
  to that end , i see the eu as being the superior mechanism for regulating european trade than the various national governments , both for the rest of the world and for europe . 
  a brit that considers themselves european ? 
  damn , i read it a bunch of times when i was studying the wars , but i ca n't seem to find it at the moment . 
  as an aussie that kind of speaks swedish , finnish-swedish is the most appealing accent in the world to me . 
  it totally makes up for the horrible accent most finns have when they speak english . 
  even though poland was so supportive of serbia during ` that whole balkan thing ' ? 
  or what has happened in the past ... 
  great , so let 's kick the uk out and then let scotland in !, 
   in other words , between developed nations ( north-north agreements ) or undeveloped nations ( south-south ) such asymmetry that you claim has been affirmed by `` analysis after analysis '' is rare . 
  and here we have the evidence that you do n't know what you 're talking about , you 're just arguing without any kind of knowledge of education beyond what i 've provided for you . 
  that quote actually refers to making trade agreements where ` southern ' countries are more likely to abrogate some of their rights under the wto , specifically to do with services . 
  it does n't say anything about my premise being ` rare ' , nor does it attest to any of the rest of the provisions that go into a trade agreement . 
  in fact , if you actually knew anything about the subject beyond merely arguing off of the top of your head , you 'd know that . 
  in fact , reading the footnote of what you quotes , it even says  see vangrasstek ( 2011 ) . 
  looking at the shares of gats-plus commitments agreed between partners of different size , the author finds the initial hypothesis only partly confirmed .
