  ` deal with it '' . 
   yes , i 'm definitely blaming cigarette companies for threatening to sue governments , who rarely want to risk paying huge sums in compensation . 
  a case the company would lose , unless the law was done in a discriminatory manner . 
   except you can have a very , very broad view of what `` violation of an agreement '' is . 
  nah , it 's pretty clear - there are four fundamental protections , and lots of exceptions . 
   ? isds makes sense when dealing with corrupt third world dysfunctional states , where the nephew of the president is judge and his brother chief of police . 
  that 's simply not true , see for example the ethyl v canada case . 
  it 's absolutely necessary for first world functional states as well . 
  an international process requires and international solution . 
   okay , so first off , you just said that isds does n't allow companies to sue governments for holding back their profits for any reason . 
  no , i said it does n't work like that , not that companies ca n't sue government for holding back profits for any reason . 
  because they most certainly ca n't sue ` for any reason ' , they can only ` sue ' for the violation of the agreement . 
   https://www.beehive.govt.nz/release/government-moves-forward-plain-packaging-tobacco-products so you 're blaming cigarette companies for the government being scared and dragging its feet ? 
   uruguay is n't being sued by pm right now ? 
  they can sue all they want , it does n't mean they 'll win . 
   new zealand did n't suspend its own policy because of an ongoing case against australia ? 
  you mean the case that pmi , and had to pay all of australia 's legal costs ? 
   canada did n't suspend its own plain-packaging laws because of an isds threat ? 
  did they ? 
  but it wo n't . 
  i 'd stake everything i own on it . 
   like global corporations suing countries for holding back their profits , for pretty much any reason ... 
  it 's a pity stuff like this is complete fearmongering . 
  i mean . 
  germany * invented * isds back in 1959 and is party to dozens of agreements containing it - it does n't ( and has n't ) worked how the public thinks it does . 
  they 're not wanting to let in all poor people , just refugees . 
  a poor person is n't necessarily ( and overwhelmingly is n't ) a refugee . 
  i was n't criticizing the history , i was criticizing the source . 
  i 've been living in europe for seven years and follow the greek crisis closely . 
  but nice job with the ` foreigners should n't / are incapable of having an opinion ', 
  most `` ez apologists '' supported debt relief , just the timing had to be right and it could n't be unilateral . 
   he one of the worlds most distinguished academics . 
  this is a bit of a fucking stretch . 
  he was almost completely obscure until syriza . 
  what an awful source, 
  i do n't know what more i could say , other than thank you for this . 
  that was great , thanks !, 
  i meant in english , 
  please write a transcript !, 
  how about moderate good , partisan bad ? 
  language has evolved , and it 's beyond just skin pigment . 
  sure , but kid has to be registered, 
  bloke just asked how someone could be stateless , i gave an example . 
  refugee has baby whilst fleeing . 
  ca n't exactly get a birth certificate , can they ? 
  the child is effectively stateless . 
  e : till saying anything except ` fuck migrants ' is n't allowed here, 
  what 's with the non-sequitur ? 
  well then you 're an idiot , racist , or both . 
  just another racist that likes posting anything that makes darker skinned people look bad . 
  e : -3 in 2 minutes . 
  racists out in force tonight . 
  well , vigilantes are sure to fix that with no downsides . 
  they 'll fix that , just as [ the french fixed this 16 year old boy ] ( http://www.nydailynews.com/news/world/warning-graphic-roma-boy-beaten-paris-article-1.1835957 ) . 
  vigilantes , what 's not to like - right ? 
  you 're right , that is a pedantic argument . 
  no one claimed there was n't a desire . 
  what 's being argued is that a desire does n't translate in any way to the power to enact that desire , and hence its a silly point to raise . 
  with absolutely zero power to do it . 
  the eu does n't want anything . 
  various people within the structure have different interests and goals which lead to either less or more integration . 
  til increased government spending is bad for an economy . 
  i 've tried to explain this before to europeans , and i do n't think they truly appreciate the scale . 
  we had floods a few years ago that were the size of france and germany combined - that was only in one of our six states , and not even the largest one . 
  i do n't think they 're shallow and false . 
  again , i 'm making no point about the video , other than that i think chomsky would be a terrible interviewer based on his extreme biases . 
  i have n't made my mind up about the interview , i made my mind up about the character of the two . 
  shock !, 
  horror !, 
  anti-business party that does n't understand the concept of rule of law scares business and investment away !, 
  who could 've predicted this ? 
  how about just about anyone else ? 
  chomsky is an anarchist that rejects the state system and hates the west , whilst varoufakis was strongly complicit in making the situation in greece considerably worse . 
  are you referring to me ? 
  i doubt the guy even understands what hedge funds are , to them it 's just ` evil bankers ', 
  i find it amazing how much of a relatively luddite country germany is . 
  yep , they went from 14 % budget deficits to 4 % primary surpluses until tsipras came into power . 
  with regards to your last paragraph , i 'd advise you to look in the mirror . 
  no , they voted against the troika agreement . 
  not the same thing . 
  regardless , it was a stupid vote anyway . 
  tsipras gambled and lost - badly . 
  til greece owing obscene amounts of money is brussels fault , and that greece bears no responsibility for the crisis . 
  edit : i mean , holy shit - your post is so ridiculous . 
  how do ` banks show loyalty to brussels ' ? 
  how is democracy held hostage because ` brussels owns greek banks ' ? 
  these are bumper stickers , soapbox arguments , meaningless rhetoric - not actual arguments or statements intended to inform . 
  it 's just a garbage comment . 
   as long as it 's democratically mandated , yes it should be able to change laws , even if it makes some business models less profitable . 
  so tyranny of the majority . 
   you are essentially saying that the government and the taxpayer should pay some specific private parties for the privilege of changing the law . 
  only when those laws unfairly or disproportionately affect foreigners . 
  yes , the state has to pay . 
  but if the investor loses , they will likely have to cover the states legal and arbitration fees . 
  are you joking ? 
  most economic analyses show substantial gains for mexico . 
  so you 're not opposed to curtailing the powers of a state ? 
  you know what , in this case you 're correct about the chairman part . 
  i was recalling a different arbitration procedure . 
  but your entire thinking that the head of the wb is biased towards companies is simply laughable .
