  sweden also tried to send back various baltic soldiers that had sought asylum in sweden . 
  many of them were sentenced to 10-15 years of hard labour in the gulags . 
   colonisation is bad , decolonisation is bad yes . 
  the consequences of colonization are bad , and countries should deal with those consequences . 
  it was a 30 % discount on gas which had the price quickly hiked up soon after being given that discount , so that they were essentially paying the same rate as before ( more even if i recall ) . 
  there are no deals to be made with russia if it thinks it can control you . 
  the only option ukraine has if it does not want to be reliant on russia is to say no and hope for the best . 
   i do n't offer any solutions to ideologues . 
  i only try to understand reality in a way that is not short-sighted or vulgarly hot-headed . 
  you are obviously too ideologized to engage in civil discussion . 
  you disagree with me , ergo you 're an idealogue . 
  that 's a shitty response mate . 
  i do n't really see that as the case . 
  even * poland * was calling for more german leadership about the eurocrisis , let alone here . 
  germany is just isolationist as hell . 
  europe does n't care about the nazis anymore . 
  it 's a popular opinion in germany , and symptomatic of germany 's isolationist foreign policy . 
  the eu is staunchly pro-reform , it 's hampered by the self-interests of the member states . 
  that could explain why they get a high percentage of their gas from russia . 
  the amount of money that gets put into spying would save more lives being put into healthcare , anyway . 
  they put far too much into their prior identity . 
  when they found out it didnt conform with history , they had to readjust - meaning replacing that identity with another . 
  did n't , i lived in sweden for a few years and my ex cooked it for me . 
  it was her favourite swedish dish . 
  at the same time , you invented the flying jacob . 
  your mastery of the culinary arts is secure . 
  i wonder what / u/igelkotten stance on this will be . 
  i had heard of them before coming to europe . 
  regardless , teaandchips is british . 
  [ that 's simply not the case ] ( http://barentsobserver.com/en/energy/2014/01/russia-extends-gas-exports-lead-over-norway-16-01 ) . 
  they 're of a comparable price . 
  i have no idea where this myth that norwegian gas costs more comes from . 
  produced in the eu , resold norwegian gas , etc. 
  that 's not gas bought from russians though . 
  dammit , should n't have stopped reading a sentence too early . 
  he 's asking what eta stands for because he does n't seem to know it 's the basque separatist/terrorist group . 
  you and i both know that 's not what i 'm saying . 
  but being ` anti ' something does n't mean that you reject every single position of another party . 
  you can be anti-republican , whilst agreeing with some of their policies . 
  norway already exports pretty much all of it 's natgas to europe . 
  they supply the eu with more gas than russia does . 
  heard it in an energy talk about a week ago , talking about clean coal and coal in relation to poland . 
  edit : just read your link , that 's talking about global coal reserves . 
  i was just talking about polish ones . 
  ~ ~ poland only has around 30 years of coal left at current consumption ~ ~ . 
  it 's used because it 's the cheapest way for poland to get electricity , and they want to develop their economy , it 's not really that much due to lobbying . 
  poland * has * done investment , as has been pointed out to you many times in this thread . 
  they 're doing better than a number of ` rich ' eu countries . 
  christ , nothing gets through to you , does it ? 
  just for future reference , it 's ` foot the bill ' . 
  otherwise , i broadly agree with what you wrote !, 
  haha , now that would be something , would n't it ? 
  i 'm saying the western , industrialized countries are what created this problem in the first place . 
  since sweden is so rich maybe they should pay for other countries to adopt green measures . 
  after all , they 've been polluting longer than say ... eritrea , or ecuador . 
  seems only fair that if sweden is rich now after polluting so much , that they should pay for other countries to pollute less . 
  by your logic at least , anyway . 
  it 's so funny that you 're calling poland a ` rich ' country . 
  they 're certainly above average , but they 're far from rich . 
  i mean , they 're 52nd on gdp per capita , just above trinidad and tobago ... sweden is twice as wealthy as poland is . 
  definitely more bargaining power . 
  at the moment , gas contracts with russia include a clause that do n't allow for resale of russian gas , which is unheard of anywhere else in the world . 
  this lets russia negotiate with each country individually to get higher prices . 
  in addition , the no-resale clause combined with the take-or-pay contract means that countries that have an oversupply of gas end up just stockpiling gas until they ca n't any more , and then paying the russians for gas they do n't receive . 
  an energy union would do wonders at dealing with that , as well as for future planning and lessening inefficiencies on an eu wide scale . 
  it 's more than just that , there needs to be a massive public awareness campaign . 
  i had university professors that denied climate change , or tried to paint as if it was controversial . 
  most people do n't even bother recycling , let alone thinking about the environment , so it 's hard to really muster up the political capital to make a more concerted shift . 
  at the very least , they 're not stupidly anti-nuclear , so that 's a relief . 
  it 'd never work , countries like spain would veto any such decision . 
  he 's known for wanting utopian solutions to murky problems . 
  do n't bother engaging . 
  i mean , just look at his posts in this thread ... 
  i never said they were mortal enemies , nor did i suggest that being ` anti-west ' meant they sought to actively harm the west . 
  the prefix ` anti ' merely suggests opposition to something , which is what china is . 
  that 's probably because you know little about chinese fp . 
  they hold strictly onto the principle of absolute territorial sovereignty . 
  the only time they deviate even slightly from that paradigm is when it comes to rejecting the western international system . 
  that 's why they 're anti-west . 
  i do n't know how much clearer you want me to get . 
  they 're against the currently established norms of the international legal order , * which was devised by the west * . 
  they 've explicitly stated they 're against this current system . 
  that 's what makes them anti-west . 
  i feel like i said this in my last comment . 
  no , it 's not . 
  they 've made numerous remarks regarding changing the existing international legal order , which i might remind you was set up by the west . 
  they , at the very least , do n't conform to western international legal norms , which is enough to call them anti western, 
  touche . 
  you 're too far away . 
  edit : jesus , what is my flag meant to be ? 
  yeah , ir theories never fit neatly . 
  any given situation seems to take some aspects from a number of theories . 
  i always laughed when people were telling me russia was doing right by the crimeans , because they were giving them a minimum 20 % parliamentary representation in the rada . 
  as if democracy meant something in russia anyway !, 
  you should learn something about ir theory before commenting about it in the future . 
  i have absolutely zero issue with someone having an identity , they can be estonian , british , english , european , whatever . 
  where it causes a problem is when it intersects with concepts of ` the nation ' , because it changes from an inclusive model to an exclusive one . 
  it 's how the whole ` if you 're not with us , you 're against us ' and ` my country , right or wrong ' mentality which is just downright detrimental comes out . 
  yep , realists have , unfortunately , always taken a rather negative view towards constructivist and functionalist approaches , if not outright ignoring them completely . 
  a very blinkered world view .
