  just because you have n't experienced it , does n't mean it does n't mean it does n't exist . 
  there are a lot of people that do it , and not necessarily because they 're starving or homeless . 
  i knew quite a few students in sweden that went ` dumpster diving ' at local supermarkets because they often threw away fruit , veg , and dairy that was absolutely fine . 
  they found out the day of the week that food was discarded and showed up an hour after the supermarket had closed to go through the bins . 
  `` as long as we are mentioned we are happy '' . 
  mate , take your misplaced anger elsewhere, 
  supermarket roof collapsed in winter killing more people proportionally in latvia , than the 11/9 attacks in the us, 
  cheers !, 
  someone intimated to me recently that / r/sweden has basically become flashback-lite , is that true ? 
  so how 's the supermarket doing ? 
  poland is a country with delusions of grandeur , a victim complex , an inferiority complex , and a superiority complex . 
  god , i fucking love this country, 
  but all the racists on reddit paint that as the moment that sweden as a multicultural society had failed , and that the ` mooslems ' should be exterminated ... 
  right , so the country ca n't even get a successful mission to mars after trying for more than 50 years . 
  do n't get me wrong , i realise and appreciate russia as the spacefaring pioneer it was in history , and still cherish the pictures hey took on the surface of venus , but it 's current state is ... less than good . 
  no ambition , no money for ambition . 
  no groundbreaking strides for decades . 
  nasa , on the other hand , has pushed frontiers . 
  less ` finest ' , more ` operational ' . 
  get back to me when one of the many probes they 've tried to send to mars starts responding again . 
  yo , i heard that ceausescu was n't even the best strongman in europe . 
  what do you have to say to that , romania ? 
   any relaxation of border controls or migration restrictions will result in more immigrants , in due proportions . 
  no one has been discussing a relaxation of border controls or migrant restrictions either . 
  admit it , you started this whole argument because you wanted an excuse to say ` no more immigrants ' . 
   populists generally are a symptom rather than the cause of social problems , with non-solutions obviously . 
  populists feed off of prejudice and help to stoke the fires of it . 
   i can expound on that for the specific situation in the country if you wish , but it 's going to take up some space . 
  sure , if you could , i 'd love it . 
  pick a country . 
   so are you saying racism is n't a big problem after all ? 
  i 'm saying it 's not a problem anywhere near the extent that we should stop allowing people to immigrate under the current system . 
   that 's what would happen , effectively , with open borders . 
  no one in this discussion has been talking about open borders . 
  you brought that up , neither soullink nor i have advocated for that . 
  you 're just like them : they say it 's all the fault of the immigrants , you say it 's all the fault of the racists middle of the road fallacy . 
  it was n't even that much of an issue for most people until populist tabloids and politicians started railing against people . 
  as to the rest , you do n't seem to have a solution of ` what went wrong ' , you just do n't want to let more immigrants in . 
   and even if it were just the fault of the racists , it would be plain dishonest to let people in , just to be discriminated and marginalized . 
  your argument is really ` we 're too racist to let people in safely ' ? 
  knowing the netherlands as i do , that 's not the case . 
  no one has proposed dumping a few hundred thousand more into every country . 
  as to social cohesion , that is more a problem due to ring wing populists stirring people up against eachother than the immigrants themselves . 
  a quick search turns up kingdom of mapungubwe which was further south as well . 
  no , zimbabwe is the furthest south i know of as well . 
  he made a claim about the whole of africa , not just the south . 
  i was correcting that . 
   the blacks did n't leave anything behind in most parts of africa either . 
  you clearly know nothing about the great states that existed in africa . 
  but given you 're a racist , your lack of knowledge is unsurprising . 
  still , there 's a good chance that this is a play at winning ` hearts and minds ' in the traditionally eurosceptic north of england . 
  if so , ukip is very relevant . 
  editorialized headline . 
  i do n't see how that 's relevant to you saying that i 'm some kind of mass immigration advocate . 
  where have you seen me say anything pro-immigration ? 
  the only things i 've argued with you about is that things are n't as bad in the city that i personally lived in , as are frequently recounted by racists on the internet . 
  yeah , i 've seen that account before . 
  it 's not a real account . 
  listen , until you move to one of the countries that you think is experiencing rampant immigration ( or one of the cities ) , do n't believe me or the other guy . 
  but seriously , your filter for news at the moment is akin to the type that sees fox news are unbiased , and all the other ones as liberal lefty crap . 
  i 've personally been in rosengard many times , it 's a normal area like any other in sweden . 
  i 'm really gon na need a source for that, 
  probably a similar number ? 
  under the dublin 2 agreement , asylum seekers are sent to the eu country that they entered into for processing their applications for refugee status . 
  so if they enter the eu through italy and get to the uk and then apply for refugee status there , they are sent back to italy for processing instead . 
   how is an illegal immigrant/asylum seeker in france the u.ks problem ? 
  they do n't qualify for asylum here due to passing through numerous other eu countries . 
  they have now business being in the u.k. . you think the only way for an asylum seeker to get to the uk is through europe ? 
  in sweden ? 
  no , it 's not . 
  it 's just another exaggeration by the same types that think that malmo has a worse crime rate than gotham due to all the immigrants . 
  i never said that mass immigration was a good thing , so i do n't see why you 've taken me on as some kind of open borders bogeyman . 
  still , [ over 73 % ] ( http://news.panorama.it/cronaca/immigrati-clandestini-lampedusa ) of those that come ( to italy at least ) are found to be genuine refugees, 
  it 's a token gesture , it was one contract that was only worth 7 million . 
  man , just live . 
  it 's such a beautiful city , and there are so many nice cafes/bars to hang out in once you 've done the touristy stuff , just enjoying the atmosphere and people watching . 
  tallinn is super awesome , i 'd make that you 're number # 1 choice . 
  beautiful city with lots of do and quite cheap , though not as cheap as poland . 
  you got some kind of problem with me ? 
  yeah , but hating on israel is n't the same as hating jews . 
  the way i understand it , stuff like moron in the heat of the moment and in a post that actually includes some discussion points is frowned upon , but tolerated . 
  it would depend on which faction he chose to fight for . 
  the free syrian army is the mostly secular bunch , if he went and fought with them it would be commendable . 
  if it 's with isis or some other group that seeks to establish a caliphate then it 's obviously not that commendable . 
  great submission , very interesting to see . 
  well , it 's pretty clear that that is meant to be read as ` between commenters in / r/europe ' , and not with the wider human species in general . 
  no , it says `` personal attacks that add nothing to the conversation will be removed . 
  '' , whereas what i said was explaining why the source you put forth was not worth listening to . 
  that guy is a moron , i 've seen his stuff ( and this video ) before . 
  the conclusions he draws are ridiculous , and his entire schtick is that he says things that conspiracy theorists would love to hear to get youtube clicks . 
  he 's basically the rense.com of youtube . 
  the idea of unlimited free speech is stupid . 
  presumably also because he continued such posts here . 
  but either way , just like i do n't think we should be welcoming of full blown nazis here , we should n't be welcoming of white supremacists . 
  multiculturalism is working in sweden . 
  aside from the on-and-off-again year i was with with my ex in malmo , i also lived in sweden for another two years and learnt the language pretty well . 
  i followed the media , spoke to lots of people , and so on . 
  rosengard is n't as bad as the xenophobes claim . 
  the perceived problems with multiculturalism in sweden are a result of immigrants living poverty and poor social safety nets and a difficult way out of that trap , and the racists in sweden that have difficulty with sweden being anything but an ethnically ` pure ' country . 
   a holocaust survivor was called a liar when she went in to a school in which immigrant children were the majority so a stupid kid said something that a stupid kid would say .
