  yeah , what a joke . 
  ` very few bad apples ' - it 's moderated by literal nazis . 
  the person that started it wants us to literally commit our navies to gun down boatloads of asylum seekers . 
  they host ama with holocaust deniers . 
  any post praising nazis , attacking non-whites or jews is heavily upvoted . 
  the dsm has a requirement that rulings been given down within a certain timeframe ( 18 months including appeal , iirc ) . 
  the thing about an institutional body is that it would confer considerably more legitimacy than an ad-hoc body . 
  [ this is what i 'm working off of ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/sections/trade-society/us-rejects-eu-proposal-investment-court-insists%20-on-retaining-isds-314501 ) . 
  the us already rejected that . 
  i 've long advocated for a global international body to adjudicate investment disputes , along the lines of the wto 's dsm . 
  there was actually an attempt years ago to do that , under the mai , but due to public pressure they gave up on it . 
  as a result , you have the hodge-podge of isds agreements across the globe . 
  thanks g-20 protestor types . 
  you screwed yourselves over once more . 
   for example a tobacco company could sue a country , for demanding that tobacco packets must all look the same and depending on the details of the agreement the country might have to pay the tobacco companies in that situation . 
  they can sue but they would lose . 
  i wrote a whole comment that explains how isds * actually * works [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/truereddit/comments/2srn0u/trade_secrets_why_will_no_one_answer_the_obvious/cnsffwo ) . 
  but suffice it to say , there are strong safeguards for the right for governments to regulate in the eu model isds . 
   whatever that is going to happen depends on the details of the treaty , which is why those detail should be published before elections . 
  ratification by 28 member states plus the ep is enough for me . 
  on reddit perhaps , and generally not by specialists in the field who actually understand it . 
  gmo is ` controversial ' amongst certain aspects of the public , but not amongst specialists as well . 
  i do n't know the spanish situation . 
  i 'm aware there 's a lot of corruption there , but i do n't think that translates to the rest of europe . 
   is it corruption when people that were in a committee that supervises an industry go to work in that industry after their tenure ? 
  where else would specialists in a field work , except in that field ? 
  if you 're making allegations of serious and widespread parliamentary corruption , i have you hope something to back them up . 
  it 's a bit hard to be certain when the text has n't even been finalized or released yet . 
  but it most probably will , and even if it 's not then there 's no problem given it 's functioning according to the eu acquis . 
   well , you know that some companies do so , so you should then do randomized searches and tests at all poultry producers in the eu . 
  ( like denmark does regularly anyway . 
  they have randomized searches and tests at every company that interacts with food , all the time , and the results are published publicly ) . 
  yes , and this already happens in most countries . 
  again , this is n't an issue with the trade negotiations . 
  if a country does n't do it , there should be an eu regulation requiring that random inspections take place . 
  there probably is one , even , so again - a non-issue . 
   if a crime is not investigated for a specific amount of years , it becomes automatically legal . 
  this is 5 years in almost all cases , except for murder , where it 's 25 . 
  well the documents all say `` declassify after 4 years '' ( not 5 ) , so there 's not a problem . 
  if there 's anything criminal in there , they can do it after four years . 
  but there wo n't be anything criminal in there , because that 's not how trade negotiations work . 
   yes , i personally am all for allowing the specific antimicrobials that are considered safe , but that 's just not the current legal situation , and when eu companies do illegal stuff , and the government knows about it , and does nothing against it , that should be investigated . 
  they said that they understand on an unofficial basis . 
  the only way to investigate would be to compel the authors of the letter to come to the eu and testify as to which companies . 
  but that would have to be done by each of the 28 eu member states individually , and eu courts have no power to compel a us national to come . 
  so how would this be investigated in your opinion ? 
  it 's interesting that you did n't quote the entire paragraph . 
   ** in fact , the eu 's scientific committee agrees that certain antimicrobials are safe and pose no danger . 
  ** also , we understand on an unofficial basis that certain poultry processing plants in the eu do , in fact , use an antimicrobial during processing to reduce the level of pathogens on eviscerated poultry carcasses , resulting in an improved level of food safety for consumers . 
  so they 're not arguing that they should make it legal because some companies are already doing it illegally , they 're arguing that even the eu 's scientific committee agrees that certain antimicrobials are safe . 
   eu officials hinted that in other , not yet leaked , letters they actually named some companies ( including wiesenhof ) , but this can not be used as evidence against wiesenhof because the letters are still secret for 5 more years . 
  evidence about what ? 
  seriously , what would such letters be used to prosecute for ? 
  the poultry one you linked to does n't have anything actionable in it . 
  link me to this letter , i 'd love to see if it 's actually as you say it is . 
  isds is non-controversial . 
  it 's part of more than 1400 agreements with eu countries , and 3400 agreements globally . 
  people are only protesting it because it 's the us - no one cares about isds in any of the other trade agreements that are under negotiation , or have been negotiated , in recent years . 
  the process has been around since 1959 , and was started by germany for christ 's sake . 
  what potential crimes ? 
  for what would we sue companies and politicians ? 
  seriously , what potential crime would you sue them for ? 
  anyway , it 's * civil servants * negotiating this - not companies and politicians . 
  that 's what the ep wants put into the negotiating mandate , that does n't mean it 's actually going to be in there . 
  despite how you 're trying to portray it , isds has n't been ` opted out of ' . 
  the ep does n't have the power to change the negotiating mandate , this was a symbolic gesture . 
  why would this specifically have to be an election issue ? 
  countries never ( at least , none that i 've ever seen ) have ftas as election issues , because they 're usually non-controversial beyond very vocal anti-wto/anti-globalist/anti-g 8 protester types . 
  no they did n't . 
  i 'm tired of this fucking myth , are people really so silly as to think that ` secret laws ' exist ? 
  what happens is this ; the negotiating papers ( that is , every document generated between the beginning and end of negotiations ) will remain classified for four years after ratification of the treaty . 
  the actual treaty itself , when they finish negotiating it , will become public . 
  where in there has it said they 've opted out ? 
  i 'm serious , i had a read through - ca n't find it . 
  if isds is involved , it will require national parliaments to vote as well . 
  otherwise , it 's up to the lawyers to determine whether it 's a mixed or exclusive competence agreement . 
  it 's a year before a vote on it . 
  that 's frankly more than enough time to understand it . 
  it will be released publicly . 
  [ the text will be publicly available for probably more than a year ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/sections/trade-society/commission-official-eu-not-going-change-its-food-legislation-because-ttip#.vhqw3url5sq.reddit ) before it even gets voted on . 
  it 's only during the negotiation phase that it 's private . 
  ceta has been public since august 2014 , and that still has n't been voted on . 
  i prefer to get them to say something racist and against the rules . 
  if she 's a swedish citizen , she 's swedish - no ? 
  how else would you call her ? 
  when you 're not allowed to leave . 
  as i understand it , sweden does n't want to join until finland does , and vice versa . 
  if one joins , the other does n't need to . 
  that , and it 's still kinda unpopular domestically . 
  was n't i seeing reports of huge increases in military expenditure recently ? 
  georgia still is n't a russian puppet , but they also were n't in nato . 
  i 've known a lot of corporations in my time , and i can categorically state that i have never witnessed one eat a child . 
  i 'm willing to testify to that as well . 
  the european economy is the one that 's sick , not the us . 
  and believe it or not , corporations are n't out to eat children , and the eu has them as well . 
  this is about the economy , and that means both people and companies . 
  it will be released publicly . 
  [ the text will be publicly available for probably more than a year ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/sections/trade-society/commission-official-eu-not-going-change-its-food-legislation-because-ttip#.vhqw3url5sq.reddit ) before it even gets voted on . 
  it 's only during the negotiation phase that it 's private . 
  ceta has been public since last august , and that still has n't been voted on .
