  `` you disagree with me and my inane ramblings , ergo you are a corporate shill !, 
  yes , i am for secret negotiations . 
  i 've explained this numerous times , but [ here 's a brief eli5 about why ] ( http://np.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/32bdez/my_grandad_reads_the_paper_everyday_and_hasnt/cq9w6y2 ) . 
  that does n't mean i do n't think that there can be more done in the interest of transparency and citizen engagement , but yes - negotiations have to be secret . 
   such a high regard for us policies you 're aware that ttip is an eu initiative ? 
  other than that , where have i trumpeted the cause of us policies ? 
  that 's a bit rich , given that there were some 300,000 czechoslovak refugees from the 1968 invasion alone . 
  now that it 's other people , all of a sudden you say `` no , we should n't have anything to do with the refugee convention ! '', 
  the eu is n't willing to publish the negotiations , but they 're willing to display the negotiating mandate , idealized versions of the treaty chapters , and miscellaneous information . 
  if you think that 's demolishing ... all you did was write a bunch of random shit , none of which counters what i wrote . 
  could also be both . 
  oh , that name looks really familiar . 
  no , it 's something i wrote myself . 
  i 'm not a corporate shill , and i do n't know what comments in / r/australia ( unless you mean me saying `` are we really going to upvote a blog that was written by the submitter '' or something along those lines . 
   you have been unable to counter argue any of the facts i have stated or the several articles that i have already posted up . 
  ( because they are true . ), 
  told you , not gon na run a gish gallop with you . 
  mate , here 's the difference between our styles ; [ here i post an explanation of isds , link the sources to the comments as my claims come up , and do it in a coherent narrative ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/truereddit/comments/2srn0u/trade_secrets_why_will_no_one_answer_the_obvious/cnsffwo ) . 
  you , on the other hand ... you just spam a bunch of links and unconnected ( and unsubstantiated ) ` arguments ' and act as if you 've proved a point . 
  you know i 've been posting in / r/europe more than four years now , right ? 
  you really belong in / r/conspiracy . 
  you do n't post facts , you create a fucking gish gallop that no one in their right mind would bother with . 
  tell me , what kind of education or qualifications do you have ? 
  do these posts remind anyone else of that / u/christ0ph guy ? 
  not saying they 're the same person , just similarly unhinged . 
  you have n't posted facts , you 've posted speculation and misinformation . 
  wow , this entire post makes you just seem batshit crazy . 
  actually , neither negotiating team wants open negotiations . 
  but the eu is opening them up because they want to get some public legitimacy for the ttip project . 
  how do you see it as a case of cutting off the nose to spite the face ? 
  you do n't even know what happened before the beating started . 
  one of my professors in university was roma , she never stole anything for me or was unpleasant . 
  lies , i was there !, 
  i 'm certain of it !, 
  if only i were militantly pro russia as well , people would probably think i were a troll !, 
  crazy republicans . 
  i wrote one of my masters theses about international trade negotiation a few years back and have kept up with the field ever since . 
  you know what , you 're right , i misread your original post . 
  seek to does not mean they have to succeed , nor does it mean they will force it into any such agreement . 
  it 's not a conditional provision - that is , it does n't say `` ttip is * only * allowed if they agree not to boycott israel '' . 
  it 's a general statement of position , as i said . 
  yeah , it 's much better . 
  well done mods !, 
  he read it on one of the internets !, 
  [ page 35 of the bill ] ( http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/bills-114hr1314eas/pdf/bills-114hr1314eas.pdf ) . 
  that would be wrong . 
  it 's just a statement within the tpa about the u.s. ' general policy contained within the tpa only and has little , if any , bearing on ttip . 
  i have been summoned !, 
  it 's a non binding provision merely affirming the u.s. ' stance that it 's opposed to boycotts on israel . 
  it wo n't end up in ttip . 
  chill guys . 
  hey , i 've gotten so used to the down votes at this stage i do n't even notice them !, 
  because there are n't . 
  and the overwhelming majority of people eligible are n't even coming here . 
  unlimited numbers of people are n't refugees though . 
  why no scrap human rights as well , sometimes that 's convenient too . 
  that 's right . 
  if they 're processed they ca n't run rampant across europe because they 'd either be determined to be refugees , or they 'd be deported . 
  you seem to be implying we should scrap the refugee convention . 
  is that the case ? 
  that 's not what processing is supposed to solve . 
  processing determines if they 're refugees or not . 
  like i said , smarter people than us . 
  i do n't believe you , nor i , have anywhere near the requisite knowledge to have any kind of meaningful discussion on the topic . 
  that 's for smarter people than you or i to decide , and i 'm not going to comment on hypotheticals . 
  whatever the states decide that 's reasonable and legally in line with the refugee convention . 
  mxc !, 
  it really surprises me how bloodthirsty this subreddit can get . 
   also you speak as if all these illegals are refugees of war . 
  it 's turning out that many are simply would be economic migrants . 
  so under your logic i should have been able to claim refugee status in say , the us or australia because my country had gone to shit in the economic crisis . 
  no , i say that , under the refugee convention , we have to process their applications for asylum . 
  if they 're found not to be refugees , they should be deported . 
  if they are refugees , they should be given protection . 
   i 'm not being rude here but unless you 're an australian living in europe , where are you forming your opinions and knowledge on this topic ? 
  i am an australian living in europe , i 've lived here for 6 years and have dual citizenship . 
   giving quotas to take in just gave the green light to smugglers for guaranteed customers . 
  there are no quotas , there 's just respecting the refugee convention . 
   whoever made the decision to rescue all is still going to end up with a lot of blood on their hands and will be responsible for the rise of far right politicians and poorer cohesion between eu states . 
  nice work . 
  that would be a combination of the unclos , which stipulates that coastal states have to have maritime surveillance and must aid vessels in distress , and the refugee convention so not the eu . 
  that 's not the actions of a state , that 's the actions of individuals . 
  as if international norms and law have n't evolved significantly in the past 160 years ... 
  maybe ... maybe if states did as they were supposed to and process these people , instead of letting them run rampant across europe , this would n't be a problem . 
  but they do n't . 
  just witness calais . 
  this is the fault of the state , not people . 
  i get that italy is a bit overwhelmed at the moment , but let 's lay blame where it belongs . 
  moving our ships into their territory without their consent is an invasion . 
  as to drone warfare , the us has ( and correct me if i 'm wrong ) the permission of those states to operate there . 
  because you said they would n't be able to stop us . 
  that implies invading their sovereign territory . 
  let me get this straight . 
  you now want to * invade northern africa * ? 
  do you have * any backing at all * that asylum applicants that are denied do n't get sent home ? 
  any links to official documents ? 
  even newspaper reports that this is a widespread thing ? 
  charming . 
  it 's sad . 
  i had some real hope for russia in the early 90s .
