  it 's the difference between [ civic and ethnic nationalism ] ( https://www.msu.edu/user/hillrr/161lec16.htm ) . 
  civic nationalism also goes by the name ` liberal nationalism ' . 
  sorry the site sucks , but it does a decent job of explaining the two concepts . 
  well , learning the language and obeying a set of fundamental societal rules definitely should be the case . 
  but just as you use extreme examples of the ` pc crowd ' , i could take extreme examples from the ` racist ' crowd who say that wearing a niqab is against the local culture and should n't be allowed , or that mosques should n't be built because europe is a christian continent . 
  about 10 years back i used to be the most finicky eater in the world . 
  standard australian fare , maybe some italian or greek take away every now and then . 
  since then i 've gone crazy , trying and loving outlandish things that would seemed disgusting to me back then . 
  my culinary horizons would never have been so broad had it not been for multiculturalism, 
  although i agree the word should be ` buggles ' , it 's ` boggles ' . 
  oh , when i read that first line of your post i thought you were going to make a joke about krugman 's articles . 
  ah , i thought em was talking about the whole process of e-voting , not merely implementing it . 
  and i 'd call 1.1 million people a small-mid sized city , it 's hardly big !, 
  explain how ? 
  holy hyperbole , batman !, 
  human resources and and the like . 
  yeah , but the accusations at the start were of a chechen if i recall correctly . 
  by that logic , is a 6 month old baby that moves to ireland with their parents from the uk and lives there their entire life a foreigner ? 
  from what i recall in the news , it 's generally against non-russians , the murder attributed to the chechen just started it . 
  there are a lot of people from the central asian republics also going to russia to work , both ethnic russians and not . 
  i think tajikistan has like 45 % of its gdp from remittances from russia . 
  if the guy has irish citizenship , and he 's living in ireland , then he 's no longer a foreigner . 
  immigrants are no longer foreigners , no . 
  and you ca n't really make an ethnic argument because russia is chockablock full of different ethnicities . 
  only about 80 % of russia is ` ethnic ' russians . 
  this kind of protesting only bodes poorly for the other ethnicities . 
  it was n't immediately , it was after a cursory browse of the guys post history . 
  first , to respond to your other post  oh c'mon . 
  it comes from the same guy who claims that norway is n't a welcoming country for strangers and that the progress party is a anti-immigration party on par with sd . 
  i never said norway was n't a welcoming country , i said that norwegian society is closed off to outsiders . 
  but lets continue this at the other place we 're discussing this  is the treatment your mom got very normal in australia ? 
  literally the next sentence after that is me saying that i know many people that gave that kind of treatment , including two of my friends from my bachelor . 
  they 're still friends to this day . 
  and i 'd say , yeah , it 's not universal , but it 's common to get to know your neighbours and interact with them on more than a nod in the morning . 
   i should also mention that norwegians are cold people in general . 
  most people does n't even say hello to their neighbors . 
  yes , this is what i 'm saying should change if you want to get rid of the majority of problems that immigrants cause in norway . 
  this has been my thesis the entire time . 
  i have n't been saying norway is racist , i have n't been saying norway is telling immigrants to fuck off . 
  i 'm saying your closed society , that which i just quoted you saying , is not conduce to integrating immigrants because it does n't help to instill the values of the host society . 
  so if you have a closed off populace , that does n't communicate with immigrants on a neighbourly/friendly basis , whilst also having populist anti-immigrant rhetoric being thrown around in public discourse , you 're going to have a society which has a clearly demarcated ` native norwegian ' vs ` immigrant norwegian ' culture . 
   i would like to see similar employment statistics for australia [ compared to most other oecd countries , australia has favourable overall outcomes for immigrants . 
  employment of immigrant men is high , and unemployment rates of immigrants are among the lowest in the oecd , both in absolute terms and relative to the native-born ( page 48 ) ] ( http://www.oecd.org/australia/38164878.pdf ) that one is for all of them ( oecd and non-oecd ) , i could n't find a direct correlation to the norwegian case ( that is , just non-oecd ) , but i did find this in the report as well :  unemployment of immigrants from non-oecd countries with 3-5 , 6-10 and more than 10 years of residence stands at 11 , 9 and 5 % , respectively . 
  in contrast , unemployment of immigrants from the oecd area remains at about 4 % for all cohorts with more than two years of residence . 
  for comparison , the unemployment rate when this report was released was about 4.5 %, 
  everything you 've written is wrong . 
  i do n't see why an 18 year old norwegian who probably did n't even follow the australian election , did n't understand any kind of historical context , and who is just trying to push the spotlight away from their own xenophobic views by distracting people through bringing up supposed ` australian racism ' , would think they knew more about the australian election than i would . 
  i think we 're done here . 
  i replied to you elsewhere about this , here it is copypastad  you know diddly squat about the election in australia and our immigration policy . 
  the liberal party did n't win , the labour party lost because they had two public leadership betrayals in the span of a few years , and because the murdoch press , which owns around 50 % of newspaper circulation in australia , was heavily siding with the liberals . 
  their main newspaper , the australian , once claimed it 's goal was to destroy the australian green party , which was in coalition with the labor party at the time . 
  the liberals did n't win because of immigration policy , the labor party lost . 
   secondly , the ` immigration ' debate in australia does n't have anything to do with traditional immigrants . 
  it 's rather centered around the fact that many refugees , that have already reached safe destinations , but continue on to australia regardless , board shitty boats in indonesia and try and land in australia to claim asylum . 
  now , i personally have no problem with people coming and wanting to claim asylum , nor do the overwhelming majority of people . 
  what most australian 's do worry about is the frequent [ boats that sink on the way , including one that had around 30 children on it a month ago that all died ] ( http://www.smh.com.au/federal-politics/political-news/death-and-diplomacy-uneasy-bedfellows-as-tony-abbott-strives-for-accord-with-jakarta-20130929-2umgq.html ) . 
  so please , in future , if you 're just basing your opinions off of half remembers newspaper articles and reality tv shows - do n't . 
   the vast majority of norwegians have nothing against immigrants . 
  [ 1 ] the media has actually been very anti-frp ever since its beginning . 
  i never said they hated immigrants . 
  i was referring to the way in which norwegian society handles ` outsiders ' . 
  the example i gave of my dear old mum was a society that is accepting and welcoming and friendly to outsiders . 
  i asked you before , but you did n't answer . 
  how many people do you know that befriended a ` fresh off the boat ' immigrant and tried to introduce them to the ways of your society ? 
  because , aside from my mother , i can probably name six or seven of all different age ranges . 
   why is n't it relevant ? 
  now you have gotten a new government which is even more stricter on immigration . 
  the liberal party got twice the amount of voters as progress in norway . 
  this is what i referred to before . 
  you know diddly squat about the election in australia and our immigration policy . 
  the liberal party did n't win , the labour party lost because they had two public leadership betrayals in the span of a few years , and because the murdoch press , which owns around 50 % of newspaper circulation in australia , was heavily siding with the liberals . 
  their main newspaper , the australian , once claimed it 's goal was to destroy the australian green party , which was in coalition with the labor party at the time . 
  the liberals did n't win because of immigration policy , the labor party lost . 
  secondly , the ` immigration ' debate in australia does n't have anything to do with traditional immigrants . 
  it 's rather centered around the fact that many refugees , that have already reached safe destinations , but continue on to australia regardless , board shitty boats in indonesia and try and land in australia to claim asylum . 
  now , i personally have no problem with people coming and wanting to claim asylum , nor do the overwhelming majority of people . 
  what most australian 's do worry about is the frequent [ boats that sink on the way , including one that had around 30 children on it a month ago that all died ] ( http://www.smh.com.au/federal-politics/political-news/death-and-diplomacy-uneasy-bedfellows-as-tony-abbott-strives-for-accord-with-jakarta-20130929-2umgq.html ) . 
  so please , in future , if you 're just basing your opinions off of half remembers newspaper articles and reality tv shows - do n't . 
   they are the only party in norway who wants to limit immigration . 
  they do n't even want to stop it . 
  how about this then , 84 % of the population voted for parties that wanted immigration at todays level or more . 
  i want to very strongly reiterate again : i do n't think norwegians are xenophobic or racist . 
  that said , i do think that they are n't particularly open to foreigners as shown by the discrepancy in employment and problems with integration . 
  aaaaaaaand , of course , now we 're back to you not answering most of my points and instead deflecting it all onto australia . 
  oh please . 
  that 's one of the biggest cliches of the immigration debate all over the globe . 
  the white australia policy was in the process of being dismantled from at least the early 60s , before formally being destroyed in the mid 70s ( it had withdrawn in practice for years before that ) . 
  as to border patrol ... mate , you 're going to take a reality tv style show that 's heavy in the editing as gospel ? 
  be reasonable . 
  very much that , as well as animal welfare . 
  combine that with low education and conspiracy theories about the cap rumbling around rural areas , and you 've got your answer . 
  it would hurt the eu more in absolute terms , but not in relative terms . 
  in relative terms , the uk would be hurting on a much larger scale . 
  you speak to any polish pig farmers ( farmers ? 
  ranchers ? 
  what the fuck do you call those guys ? ), 
  and they 're absolutely convinced the eu is out to get each and every one of them . 
  personally . 
  maybe you should know something about the australian immigration policy and it 's history before you criticize mate . 
  most people on / r/europe do that without knowing any of the nuances of the situation .
