  yeah , you get that stuff and then people dont cheat . 
  in poland they cheat regardless . 
  i studied there , did you ? 
  did you even bother to read the other replies where natives were agreeing with me ? 
  no , but i know most of them are based on their past posting . 
  and my flair is australia * because i am australian * . 
  there 's no requirement for a flair to be your current location , and in fact many people react the opposite - writing french to people with french flair that are n't from there and the like . 
  as to where i lived ... man , i lived in fucking malmo for a while with my swedish ex , i used to go into places like rosengard weekly , and i knew dozens of muslim swedes there . 
  the only one that clearly has had no exposure beyond a computer screen to this stuff is you . 
  i 'm geting downvoted because racists are more interested in such topics than non-racists , and hence are more likely to up/downvote . 
  but basing anything off of upvotes and downvotes is stupid anyway . 
  i 've lived in europe for more than 5 years in 3 different countries and learnt two of the languages you stupid git . 
  i still live in europe . 
  you do n't know what you 're talking about , but then you never have . 
  my god !, 
  more whataboutism !, 
  well said . 
  you 've really gone off the deep end if that 's what you believe . 
  plenty of people think that the wbc are n't `` true christians '' , and the system put in place under stalin was called ` stalinism ' for a reason . 
  but you 've just demonstrated that you 're an uneducated fuck that 's not worth having a discussion with because you just do n't have the level of requisite knowledge for it to be interesting . 
  you 're a child . 
  hold the presses . 
  some people turn to extremism who are not representative of the whole at large . 
  news at six . 
  that 's because you 've never heard of agenda setting . 
  jesus , are you a fucking moron ? 
  there was a twitter from an australian man with his son in syria , where his son was holding a severed head , and you think i 'm being ` warm hearted ' ? 
  rather , i think you 're just completely ignorant and the only way you can feel smart is by latching onto this anti-muslim hysteria and being the loudest shockjock among them , constantly spouting out the word documents of talking points you have saved up somewhere . 
  and you 're free to read it . 
  my post in no way said ` guys , do n't read this post ' , it was a discussion on the source of the material which is fine - this is a community where you 're allowed to do such things . 
  the only whiny useless junk around here , to use your words , is you . 
  well i disagree . 
  furthermore , there 's legacy writings in all legal systems - in australia there are still active laws that allow you to be jailed for removing rocks from crown land . 
  but that 's beside the point , that 's not how religions work and you know this - you just want more reasons to shit on islam . 
  cheating in high-school was mostly non-existent - at least to the one i was in . 
  i can recall of only one instance of cheating where someone had blatantly copied from a book the answers . 
  of course , they could also be worried about sending their trucks in without an escort into a warzone ... 
  the ones saying there are no moderate muslims , the ones cherry picking koran quotes , the ones shitting on multiculturalism and immigrants , the ones acting as if only white people get arrested for doing shit , the ones laughing about how this is the result of a ` tolerant society ' , the ones trying to say ` if theyre allowed to do this , why cant we post our anti-muslim stuff ' ... do i need to go on ? 
  it 's not the job of british muslims to denounce people that support isis , just as it 's not the job of any white british pm to denounce racist attacks against immigrants and say ` were not all like that ' . 
  it 's self evident to all rational and reasonable thinking men . 
  perhaps not most , but enough to be deeply troubling and make employers question whether they should take in someone with a polish degree . 
  why ? 
  when people say shit like ` there are no moderate muslims ' or ` if they hand out these , why ca n't we hand out our anti-muslim pamphlets ' then yeah ... 
  regardless , most of the users in here are the well known racist users that toe the line of the rules here, 
  criticizing all muslims regardless of their support for isis is, 
  perhaps you 've not been around long and seen as many stormfront brigades as i have ? 
  because i 'm disgusted by the comments in here , and much of that can be explained by my prior post . 
  jesus , it 's like a who 's who of / r/europe 's racists that have n't been banned yet in here . 
  yep . 
  i did n't know polish before i moved there , and i do n't think the professors wanted to pantomime the courses to us !, 
  econ . 
  i 'm skeptical of that . 
  in some of my classes , every single polish student had written something on their arm or what have you to help them in their exams , let alone copy pasting entire wikipedia articles for essays ... 
  as well as speaking to many other people there , yes . 
  i learnt the language while i was there , so it 's not as if i was just hanging out only with erasmus students ... 
  i finished a masters in poland a few years back . 
  that 's certainly true . 
  purely anecdotal from my end , but my friends from the former east are considerably more entrepreneurial and hardworking than the ones that were n't under soviet domination . 
  i have friends and acquaintances that have started everything from fashion labels to shisha production to fishing store chains . 
  exactly . 
  silly to be against something when you do n't know what it is . 
  let me know how it goes !, 
  except the slaves did have protections under islamic laws , while many peasants did not beyond not being sold . 
  neither is an ideal solution , but the injustices committed against the slaves were not enshrined by law ( beyond being slaves ) , while the injustices against serfs and peasants ( being able to be tortured and killed ) were . 
  yeah , in that slavery laws introduced by mohammed gave the slaves better conditions than the peasantry of europe . 
  ca n't say i 'm surprised you do n't know your history . 
  / r/european is where all the people that got banned for racism from / r/europe go . 
  interesting , that goes some way to explaining it !, 
  it 's funny , but it seems much of europe knows this as well . 
  one of my polish friends had her sister do a highschool exchange in the uk , and the headmaster specifically called her into the office to warn her about cheating . 
  not to mention that most polish university students cheat , the quality of many of the courses ( medicine being a notable exception ) are subpar , and the deans office/indeks system is archaic and should 've been modernized 15 years ago . 
  but with immigration restrictions and deportations ( and the genocide of asiatic and arabic people ) we could make it so !, 
  no problem , glad we could talk it out . 
  nailhead , meet hammer . 
  yes , i 'm aware that there are different sects of christians , i was wondering why you brought it up in the first place . 
  if anything , that highlights my point about the myriad diversity within different cultures . 
  and i 've been civil in my discussions with you , i 'd thank you to do the same . 
  there 's no need to get nasty . 
  oh yeah , there 's indian , thai , japanese curries , as well as other countries . 
  thai ones ( in my experience ) tend to be a lot ` hotter ' than indian ones , they 're more of a soup with coconut milk and vegetables . 
  do yourself a favour , find yourself a thai restaurant nearby and have one . 
  they come in different colours ( based on the ingredients ) , green ones tend to be the hottest , yellow the mildest , and red in between . 
  i 'm not throwing it around because of the word religion , i 'm throwing it around based off of countless interactions with the person . 
  look through their posting history . 
  secondly , from the same article  while some researchers sometimes use the concept of race to make distinctions among fuzzy sets of traits , others in the scientific community suggest that the idea of race often is used in a naive [ 6 ] or simplistic way , [ 12 ] and argue that , among humans , race has no taxonomic significance by pointing out that all living humans belong to the same species , homo sapiens , and subspecies , homo sapiens sapiens . 
  [ 13 ] [ 14 ]  since the second half of the 20th century , the associations of race with the ideologies and theories that grew out of the work of 19th-century anthropologists and physiologists has led to the use of the word `` race '' itself becoming problematic . 
  although still used in general contexts , race has often been replaced by other words which are less ambiguous and emotionally charged , such as populations , people ( s ) , ethnic groups , or communities , depending on context . 
  [ 15 ] [ 16 ] i 'd also link to some scholarly articles i 've read on the subject , but it 's been a long time since i 've had university access to those databases . 
   but i 'm just getting started . 
  do you know how many different sects of christianity ? 
  i do n't even know why you 're bringing this up . 
  interesting as well . 
  people get so insulated from others in their social circle , they start thinking most people are like them . 
  then with a click you move from one thoughtful discussion on the costs and benefits of the cap in / r/europe , to a topic where muslims/gypsies/foreigners are being hounded . 
  if you 're not part of the solution , you 're part of the problem . 
  these people find it easier to bitch about immigrants than do something to make society work . 
  thanks !, 
  probably should 've checked that first , but was n't certain if there 'd be some particular aspect relevant to this discussion . 
  well yes . 
  either i worded it poorly or something got lost in translation , but i 'm talking about the destructive potential of the weapons , as well as how far removed the people doing it are from what happens , rather than the levelling of half the cities of europe and japan .
