  at the title `` public citizen 's blog on globalization and trade '', 
  well , yeah , if someone suggests that the intent of the ttip was never to benefit citizens , just letting us goods to come into the eu easier and lower eu standards , i 'm gon na have to call bullshit on it . 
  it 's the lazy kind of ` i 'm 16 and have just become interested in politics , all politicians are corrupt and all corporations are evil ' comment that does n't contribute to the discussion and which should be dismissed out of hand , yet got upvoted to +19 . 
  my bias is that i wrote one of my masters theses on agricultural trade negotiation during the doha development round , i did a 30ects point subject on international negotiation , and i 've been following the news closely . 
  note that i 'm not defending ttip , since we do n't know what 's in it yet , rather i defend the negotiation process surrounding the ttip . 
  am i stopping him by pointing it out ? 
  people might be interested about his biases or from what ideological position he 's coming from . 
  the guy has posted 11 anti-ttip articles over two weeks , with no other types of post in this subreddit . 
  if he did n't post them , i would n't bother trying to tell him where he 's wrong . 
  do n't link to blogs as a source . 
  ok , and i had a burning desire to bring to peoples attention that he was spamming / r/europe with anti-ttip posts . 
  why are you hassling me for it ? 
  it 's called agenda setting , i helpfully linked to it down the comment chain . 
  are n't these guys similar to those montagsdemonstrationen people in germany ? 
  [ link to study ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/education/library/study/2014/erasmus-impact_en.pdf ) . 
  true , but illegal logging operations do n't care about such things . 
  you already have that , except it tends to happens nationally . 
  you 're right , i was rather hasty and perhaps jaded in my interpretation . 
  i struggle to see how this could work though without seeing the details . 
  well , they would n't be able to do it without the agreement of member states so i do n't see how them calling for it is dragging you down with them . 
  either you choose to help or you do n't . 
  perhaps i worded it poorly , but i was suggesting you should be for raising the voting age beyond 18 since the delineation between adult and child is arbitrary . 
  much of it will be taken up in corruption , illegal logging will continue . 
  this seems like an example * par excellence * of ` throwing money at the problem ' in the hope it 'll get better . 
  both 16 and 18 are arbitrary delineation between being a child and an adult . 
  if you 're against 16 for that reason , you should be against 18 as well . 
  hahaha , good one . 
  but , but ... fearmongering ... 
  i 'm looking forward to it . 
  sure , it 's a topic i 'm interested ( and educated ) in and something wherein i feel i could add to the discussion . 
  but that 's hardly the same as the [ agenda setting ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/agenda-setting_theory ) going on by / u/christ0ph . 
  this is , what ? 
  the twentieth anti-ttip article you 've posted on / r/europe in the last month ? 
  edit : 11 in two weeks . 
  i guess this is why they 're making such a large location in poland . 
  first , the eu ca n't stop them leaving and it 's unfair to try and characterize it in that manner , but perhaps you just worded it poorly . 
  second , devaluing the currency is a tax on everyone ( especially the poor ) and is all too easy for politicians to do to ignore the more complex structural issues their economies face - often no meaningful structural reform is executed in response to the problems that led to that state . 
  as to the rest , you 're broadly correct ... the troika explicitly demanded reforms from the various poorly performing eurozone members and it 's certainly extremely costly in the short-medium term for countries to leave the eurozone . 
  the question is rather one of efficacy ; did using this pressure work , or did it just encourage make-shift solutions to try and hit arbitrary troika targets ? 
  i have n't studied this in depth , but from what i 've read the evidence is rather strongly in favour of the latter . 
  perhaps eventually the people in those countries will take politics seriously and do what needs to be done , rather that continuing in the democratic decadence they 've been accustomed to for so long . 
  london , warwick , birmingham , few other places . 
  as someone that 's been in the uk , australia , and the us , australia is considerably more similar to the uk than it is to the us . 
  austerity measures are n't bad in-and-of-themselves , but the way they can be implemented are . 
  if they 're implemented with no attempt to also reform or boost growth they can cause problems and there 's no contradiction in having austerity measures coupled with growth measures . 
  i think you mean contemporary :p, 
  your post might be better received if you did n't speak in such hyperbole , or at least gave substantive arguments to what you claim . 
  i saw it a few hours ago , i did n't see anything worthy or notable of discussion . 
  which is oddly analogous to what you posted . 
  a lot of people dislike me on ideological grounds . 
   we do n't eat pierogi and bigos all the time i do n't know why you would n't ... 
   the basqe country is in spain tell that to lower navarre , labourd , and soule !, 
  what about the one about basque women being impossible to get with ? 
  i 've run into a number of polish people that have probably never met a muslim in their life , but are convinced that all muslims are evil and go on rants against islam . 
  i ran into a group of such germans once on their first night in krakow . 
  they were so shocked , it was adorable . 
  what ? 
  no ukraine in eurovision , the country that gave us [ this masterpiece ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gp5yohqztla ) . 
  ready the troops europe , it 's time to invade russia and save ukraine !, 
  dailymail article , ergo ; probably horribly misinterpreted/represented . 
  edit : yep , it 's misrepresenting it . 
  they require identification for anything over 12 % . 
  pretty much all hair bleaches are between 8-10 % . 
  it 's one thing when it was a few hundred years ago . 
  it 's another thing entirely when it was people 's parents and grandparents . 
  if there 's a ryanair or easyjet flight from a rich area to a poor area , that 's the type you get . 
  the red light district is right near the main train station , where all the junkies and drug peddlers hang out too . 
  i also saw some pretty horrific shit there . 
  why are so many of them wearing hats indoors ? 
  yeah , i do . 
  a lot of my perfectly innocuous comments can hit -7 or -8 on some lonely submissions . 
  i 'm pretty sure i know who most of them are as well , but what can you do ? 
  if the police turn a blind eye , why do they routinely arrest people for it ? 
  oh please , minorities get charged with violent crimes on a daily or near daily basis . 
  there is no immunity . 
  the rotterham case is in no way representative of british policing . 
   but it wo n't be , because minorities have immunity . 
  the old race card , poor misunderstood immigrants . 
  you need to use paragraphs . 
  because the commonwealth is not a single market . 
  they have exercises in poland , the baltics , etc , which are all also on the russian border ... 
  yes , let 's take this one act of senseless violence and extrapolate it to entire populations . 
  obviously this woman represents all women , and these two morons represent all muslims ( despite you not knowing if they 're even muslims or not , you 're just basing that off their looks ) . 
  you should read the entire discussion before commenting . 
  sorry , but i was specifically talking about the transition from what we have now to a basic income , and not about what it would be like under a basic income . 
  i ca n't picture a way in which the transition is not massively destabilizing to society in terms of jobs , inflation , etc. 
  ok , that 's a fair point . 
  i 'm not referring to * continental * eurasia , i 'm talking to * cultural * eurasia meaning those countries that blur the line between asian and european culture , of which of which russia chiefly figures into . 
  it 's used as such in countless [ social science and business papers ] ( http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/s1879366510000217 ) research papers and the like . 
  you need to stop looking at it purely from geological terms . 
  it 's considerably more than that . 
  no , when you say they 're european and asian that says they have the traits of both . 
  they do n't , they have a mixture of the two , but not the whole of the two , hence why they 're * eurasian * , and not european and asian . 
  no mate , eurasian is it 's own thing . 
  right , and i said ` or ' because i do n't think it 's european and asian , nor european or asian , but rather eurasian . 
  i do n't think it 's european or asian , rather just eurasian . 
   euhm argentinia this would just serve to inflate argentine egos even further . 
  russia is eurasian . 
  if there is mutual short , medium , and long term benefit to be gained by having non-european countries inside as well , then why would n't you ? 
  no , only under specific circumstances .
