  due process ? 
  screw that . 
  terrorism !, 
  i do n't disagree with that , in principle . 
  i do n't know anyone that claims that asylum seekers that have been deemed not refugees should n't be deported . 
  can you link to any kind of mainstream ` left wing ' group that has such a stance ? 
  how was that a legitimate argument ? 
  they made no effort to qualify what they said in any way , it was just a shit post . 
  the fact is , a sizeable percentage of people that come * do * get deported . 
  dude , that sounds like an awesome idea !, 
  every country should emulate that . 
  any drawbacks ? 
  you guys have a specific time in the netherlands for political broadcasts ? 
  can you go into some details about it ? 
  that 's a result of the eu ? 
  can you tell me how ? 
  with the aim of what ? 
  showing everyone he 's still a dick ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i do n't think we should censor images of muhammed . 
  but part of being a grown up with free speech guaranteed is having the right to say something offensive , but refraining from saying it because it demonstrates that you 're a dick . 
  so basically `` blah , blah , blah , standard right wing rhetoric . 
  they 're not citizens in any way . 
  they 're not citizens . 
  democracy is literally just majority rule . 
  liberal-democracy respects minority rights . 
  i would n't classify uganda as a liberal-democracy . 
  raj ? 
  right , so around the time that they were reorganizing their budget to get into the eurozone , but excluding that it was n't stable . 
  so you 're completely going to exclude liabilities from your calculation ? 
  only how much money the government brings in and the interest rates , but not how much it has to spend on services like health care ? 
  no it 's not . 
  syriza had no policies to combat the debt , that 's why they refused further funding to greece . 
  no they did n't . 
  their debt rose from 20 % of gdp back in 1980 ( right when they went from having balanced budgets ) , to 100 % of gdp by the time of the gfc . 
  now you 're not just wrong , you 're outright lying . 
  that 's not how the bailouts are operating , but nice try . 
  no , my claim is that a state running a * large * quasi-permanent deficit will lead it to go bankrupt . 
  and a five percent budget deficit is large by any measure , let alone for 23 of the last thirty years ,, 
  the user i was speaking with was saying that , since it 's ` difficult ' to move away from a two party system , greeks do n't have to take responsibility for what those elected parties did . 
  way to completely miss my point . 
  there is no dictatorship of creditors . 
  i 'm tired of this analogy , but in general i 'm not . 
  just for what 's happened recently . 
  did n't make it about laziness or corruption , just about democracy . 
  but nice of you to jump in yet again without adding anything yourself to the discussion, 
  well , i 'm not lying , but whatever . 
  total debt does n't determine if the situation is worse with respect to debt servicing , the budgetary situation does . 
  no , what i 'm saying is that the situation was stabilizing until syriza got into power . 
  good that you down voted him , that 'll teach him to have a different opinion !, 
  how dare he ? 
  there was this little thing called the gfc over the last few years , higher budget deficits thanks to deficit spending and lower receipts are to be expected . 
  but for greece to have such a budget deficit for 23 of the last 30 years is simple * bad * . 
  i do n't know how you can still sit there and defend that . 
  no one has argued that running deficits is bad . 
  what i 've argued is that running such large deficits over decades is . 
  so do n't create straw men and attribute them to me , because i actually have a masters in economics . 
  i 'm sorry , are you * really * arguing that an average of 5-7 % budget deficit is * normal * over 23 of the last 30 years ? 
  that this is something * healthy * in any society ? 
  no one is saying a country ca n't deficit finance . 
  what * i * in particular am saying , is that more than 5 % budget deficit for so much of the last thirty years is egregiously bad !, 
  point me to any other oecd country that has a similar record . 
  seriously just one , any one , where it 's anywhere near as bad as greece . 
  i 'll even believe you without checking . 
  because * i know * that greece has been egregiously mismanaging it 's finances for decades , but you seem to reject that * fact * thanks to ideological reasons . 
  you try and pass it off as * normal * , where deficit financing is often used to make 5 % budgetary deficits over decades a regular thing in many countries . 
  the fact is that greece is the only country that 's done this , ever . 
  i 'm sure you 've noticed , but this is a heavily politicized topic where people do n't give a shit about the actual facts . 
  they operate on feels . 
  telling it straight is often being an arsehole . 
  any international agreement , from the kyoto protocol , to a bond issuance , is an implied loss of sovereignty . 
  every international agreement is imposed loss of sovereignty . 
  the problem is this ; for the last ** thirty years ** the greek government had some 23 out fo thirty years a budgetary deficit * worse than five percent * . 
  do you understand how stupid this is , for * any country * ? 
  did people in greece raise a ruckus about this budget deficit ? 
  did they say `` hey , we should n't spend so much '' ? 
  they kept on spending . 
  and after spending so much money , * now they complain about it * , when they owe so much to other people ? 
  the greek people are responsible for greek democracy , no one else . 
  the greek people are responsible for greek government actions over the last thirty years , no one else . 
  only the greeks are to blame for this , * everyone else is trying to help and is getting shitted on the by greek people * . 
  are the greeks to be released from their self imposed responsibilities ? 
  why ? 
  why should other people suffer because the greek people did n't give a shit about their democratic society over the last thirty years ? 
  i 'm sorry , are you telling me that greece * did n't * on average have a 5-7 % budget deficit for most of the last thirty years ? 
  please enlighten me , how am i wrong ? 
  i also think debt forgiveness is preferable , i just disagree with it being done unilaterally . 
  aside from that , greece was on track to fix the budgetary deficit , the situation was improving every quarter until syria got into power . 
  ok , so you do n't believe in democratic responsibility . 
  your argument might work for one election , but not for three decades of some of the largest consecutive budget deficits in the oecd . 
  if you want to pretend greek society is n't responsible be my guest , but i know that 's bullshit, 
  it has n't achieved that , thanks to the political effects of syria , but it was on target to meet that . 
  also , you need to read the actual imf report instead of relying on guardian headlobes, 
  to copy paste what i wrote elsewhere ; the troikas goal is to make greek debt serviceable . 
  ideally , they 'd do this without social effects like unemployment , but their one and only purpose is to remove obligations for servicing debt from the rest of the world ( via bailouts and the like ) , to purely being the responsibility of the greek state . 
  ok , so what you 're saying is that a democratic society is not responsible for the actions of those they elected * repeatedly * . 
  why is that ? 
  the troikas goal is to make greek debt serviceable . 
  ideally , they 'd do this without social effects like unemployment , but their one and only purpose is to remove obligations for servicing debt from the rest of the world ( via bailouts and the like ) , to purely being the responsibility of the greek state . 
  not as forecasted , but still working . 
  perhaps the doctors treatment is merely demanding that you agree to the previously agree upon terms , albeit with great understanding and assistance with medication - namely a very low borrowing rate to pay for them , and you do n't have to repay them for years !,
