  i 'm not making it one sided , i 'm explaining why it happened * in kosovo * . 
  it 's not as if serbia was seeking independence from kosovo because kosovars had been committing genocide in serbia . 
  incidentally , international law is barely a thing . 
  states bend and break it at will . 
  yep , there 's simply no way that that 's true . 
  his hard currency reserves would vanish within two month if the eu imposed absolute economic sanctions . 
  within three russia as a state could be crumbling . 
  anyone that ' studied the phenomena of terrorism could immediately tell you that that is a common problem in the field . 
  but then let me ask you this , what 's the fundamental difference between these guys , and abdelbaset al-megrahi of the lockerbie bombing ? 
  if they have no insignia or identifying markers of their country of origin , they ca n't be soldiers . 
  they may be soldiers in russia , but in ukraine without identifying markers , with constant russian denials of having sent troops there , with no declaration of war or military intervention , they are just russian state-sponsored terrorists . 
  you think the country that had just had war crimes and crimes against humanity perpetrated against them by the larger country should remain with them ? 
  that is just incorrect . 
  the current state is explained by the fact that there were war crimes and crimes against humanity taking place , and they found the best solution they could for what was going on . 
  the dayton accords are very far from perfect , but they were the best that could be done at that time . 
  ehm , just no . 
  it 's got little to do with their environmental arandards, 
  exactly . 
  so your point was absolutely irrelevant . 
  you think nato forces coerced and pressured the population there into voting in a referendum ? 
  perhaps it 's rather than referrendums and expressions of people 's self-determination is highly suspect in occupied territories throughout history instead ? 
  more than that , there 's the tartar minority to worry about as well , who are anti-russian and being muslims ( and general russian concern with minority rights ) would be discriminated against heavily . 
  ukraine can argue they have an obligation to defend the tartar minority regardless of the referendum . 
  why would they ? 
  russian actions in the georgian war have been defended countless times , and are frequently highly upvoted , [ notably here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1zn29d/a_photo_from_an_antiwar_demonstration_in_denmark/cfv95q6 ) . 
  frankly , you 're wrong . 
  you ... are not very intelligent . 
  the poland one is unfair . 
  by law , poland has to pend 1.95 % + on their defence budget . 
  they do n't reach that because it 's usually inbetween 1.95 % and 2 % . 
  it 's not that big a deal . 
  geeeez , that 's not a loaded question at all . 
  whilst there 's a meta post about the mods , i 'd just like to say you guys are doing a fantastic job and keep up the good work !, 
  oh yeah , they were definitely more pro armenia than pro-azerbaijan . 
  but armenia had to keep half it 's army on the turkish border during the war , so obviously russia picked the weaker side to support to weaken the region even further . 
  they still armed both sides though . 
  in fact , i remember one humorous quip that one side was complaining about all the russian weapons on the other side , despite being better equipped by those weapons themselves . 
  yep . 
  i 'm tired of people bringing up the georgian war as an act of russian aggression . 
  anyone looking through my history would see that i 'm far from an unabashed russophile , but can we keep as much of the propaganda out of this as possible please ? 
  the russians supported both sides , funnily enough . 
  the georgian one is a bit unfair . 
  jesus christ , i just watched that . 
  what a fucking twat , a video full of bullshit rhetoric and unsubstantiated speeches that have no real value to any healthy democratic society . 
  in fact , those that view that as an impressive a speech implicate a failure of democracy because they 're either not educated enough , or too misinformed , to know better . 
  what an absolute joke . 
  i could factually and accurately refute pretty much every fucking point of those speeches to prove they 're outfit lies , misleading , or factually incorrect . 
  have been living in poland last few months , have been in sweden and estonia for years in the past though . 
  have been in europe for almost five years for study and work, 
  admittedly i 'm talking about unrealistically high expectations of democracy , but that 's not the angle i was looking at it from , but rather of that of having a democracy where you do n't have pollies lying to you or misleading you . 
  that 's where the critical democratic failure comes from , of people that just vote how their parents have with pith thinking about it , or apathetic people in general . 
  dual national living in europe but from australia, 
  the rudeness started with you when you downvoted every one of my posts after replying to them , and then also said  nice sources m8 . 
  try not to use wikipedia when you show them to me . 
  as opposed to a neutral `` could you provide some sources , please ' which i may have actually put some more effort into . 
  sorry to rain on your parade , but we call ` crisps ' chips as well . 
  i promise , it 's not confusing in the slightest . 
  there are footnotes there . 
  and frankly , i do n't care enough about you to put in the effort of tracking other sources down . 
  nah mate , we call em chips . 
  sanctions cover a wide range of policy options , ranging from the mild ( visa restrictions/travel bans ) to strong ( economic embargoes , etc ) . 
  they 're not reprisals , they 're temporary measures to achieve an outcome . 
  yep , i agree with you entirely . 
  if the british public were too lazy or apathetic to look into what the uk was signing up to , then that 's all on them . 
  it 's far too easy to make excuses that the ` government lied to us ' or that ` we were tricked ' . 
  it 's the responsibility of any democratic society to keep themselves informed . 
  that said , it does n't preclude the possibility of having a referrendum in the future - as long as those referenda are n't invoked continually over the same issue . 
  once , and done for the next 40 years or if the situations changes drastically . 
  farage does n't have to win the arguments , he just has to seem more right than clegg . 
  and unfortunately that 's considerably easier for populists than for people that actually care about the facts . 
  good . 
  anyone that ca n't see that having a stable ukraine on europe 's border is worth the price is a moron . 
  we call it ` tomato sauce ' in australia . 
  we 're having this [ exact same argument here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1zm29d/is_there_any_practical_feasible_way_in_which/cfuxo2a ) , so let 's just continue it there eh ? 
  new mining projects are a given , and the cost of setting it up is a drop in the ocean compared to how much power can be garnered from it . 
  compared to wind and solar which often use a lot of rare earth metals ( some of the most polluting materials in the world to process ) such as neodymium . 
  mining is not something that should be the determining factor here , it 's a minor ( though integral ) part of the process of all power generation . 
  no , they began giving away export licenses to lng terminals last year . 
  yep , it 's a good report . 
  but to many environmentalists ( and hell , people in general ) , looking into a subject before forming an opinion is n't the done . 
  just ... no , dude . 
  australia has twice as much uranium as russia does , kazakhstan and canada have a similar amount . 
  why do you assume it all has to come from russia ? 
  russia only has around 7 % of world supply, 
  nabucco is n't likely to built , it seems more likely that they 're going for the trans-adriatic instead, 
  it 's true , actually . 
  they jail green groups in russia because they do n't want any social and political opposition , but the kremlin does actively finance green groups in western countries to try and swing the west away from effective energy production and into intermittent power sources . 
   in sweden it is often citied as one of the things people dislike about the greens , their opposition to nuclear . 
  yep , it 's one of the main reasons i refuse to vote for them . 
  both moldova and ukraine were in the process of coming up with association agreements with the eu , whereas russia wants to firmly anchor them into their sphere of influence . 
  since the early 1990s , russia has helped set up four ( crimea would be a fifth if they do n't annex it outright ) ` frozen conflicts ' around the former-soviet region - transnistria , abkhazia , south ossetia , and nagorno-kabarakh . 
  these regions make it difficult for land based military assaults into russia because they have to cross broadly lawless and barely functioning ` countries ' to get to russia . 
  it 's kind of following the same policy that stalin had of having a ` bufferzone ' between russia proper and conceivable threats to moscow , and it has the added effect of keeping many of russia 's neighbours weaker than they would have been otherwise ( and often these regions play a large role in the domestic policy of the states they broke away from , further giving russia some influence there ) . 
  the german green party dominates the european green party in the ep . 
  the egp agenda is the german green agenda . 
  this does n't mean they control whether nuclear can be put in , but they certainly help sway the agenda a little bit . 
  i did n't suggest war or anything like that , and i did state it 's not going to happen . 
  quit your whining . 
  the point is that central asia is run by authoritarian strong men whose interests are thus aligned with china and russia , rather than with the west . 
  the usa last year began approving lng export licenses .
