  it was still largely run by kleptocrats , but there was always the chance they could turn into a modern liberal state , however slim . 
  any such hope has been extinguished right now . 
  this comment is ... look , i 'd suggest you reevalutate your position , because it flies in the face of some very convincing and rigorous evidence . 
  what you 've written is more in the realm of fantasy than reality . 
  pretty awful article . 
  it was stopped because of the massive number of amendments . 
  this would happen in many domestic parliaments in the case of a similar situation . 
  but they 're the successor state to the ussr ... 
  as far as australian experiences with ftas are concerned , yeah , we have been . 
   this is n't really accurate and both sides are to blame . 
  greece did fake the figures , but everyone knew that they did and accepted them anyway . 
  by what legal mechanism could they refuse greece ? 
  the eu had no power to audit their books , the greeks presented books that looked fine and had to be taken at face value . 
   it was n't just greece going on a binge as multiple governments breached the stability and growth obligations . 
  nowhere near on the same level as greece - you can see [ here ] ( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/19jgomx-fix5iydyqrkxisgrvdpxehfo76iwivmj8eki/edit#gid=952610829 ) that their budget deficits were abnormally large , often worse than a 5 % deficit since the 1980s . 
  it was only for a few years around the time they were joining the eu that they were n't so bad , and that 's questionable . 
  get out of here with your facts !, 
  well he 's wearing a stop-ttip t-shirt , so for me that already identifies him as such . 
  this talk just compounds it . 
  what i was meaning to suggest was that the shackles around greece are of their own making , not to support whatever measures the imf was proposing . 
  liberation from themselves ? 
  like i said , i 'm playing the odds . 
  anyway , for someone that claims to only support ukip to get out of the eu you spend a tremendous amount of time whitewashing the sins of the party . 
  i play the odds . 
  his user name suggests british . 
  xenophobia is common amongst kippers , despite your protestations . 
  no , but most that i meet that are xenophobic are n't british . 
  that had n't been my experience . 
  nah , probably just a ukip xenophobe . 
  well , i 've certainly learned that lesson in a number of recent arguments ... 
  contracts are part of the law and can only exist as part of the law ( else they 're unenforceable ) . 
  you want to take them outside of the law somehow . 
  you realise that 's a contradictory statement , right ? 
  because egypt violated their contract by not giving the company compensation when the terms had changed , as is normal to do in most countries around the world . 
  you apparently want to live in a world where no one gives a shit about the law . 
  and i 'm pretty sure i linked you earlier to [ why you had misconceptions about the minimum wage ( veolia ) case ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/390p5l/over_2000000_europeans_have_now_signed_the/cs0hyfx ) . 
  what evidence do you have there is a fair and reasonable risk ? 
  since i was asked for my opinion in the / r/stopttip submission , i 'll repost it here ; first , this is n't an lse paper , it 's an lse enterprise paper . 
  the first is one of the most prestigious universities in the world , the second is a consulting arm that operates as a business . 
  beyond that , two of the three authors have done long term work opposing investment arbitration ; this is not to suggest that the paper is bad , but that there is an inherent bias that runs contrary to mainstream academic thought on the subject . 
  that this was a report for a governmental department suggests this should be more or less objective , but let 's keep that in mind . 
  the uk already has over 90s bits across the globe and has never lost a challenge , however uk businesses have on numerous occasions successfully . 
  this is something to keep in mind for all the points in the conclusion , because while it might not encourage investment that is not its only purpose . 
  it 's also there to de-escalate issues from the state-state level , to the investor-state level . 
  their stance for ( 2 ) makes three implicit assumptions that simply have no backing . 
  the first , that the uk-us relationship will not have any rough patches in the future . 
  this is doubtful , particularly in the event of the uk leaving the eu , or scotland leaving the uk , or just experience with international relations in general , but not least because american domestic politics frequently trumps foreign politics . 
  this is particularly evident during both the trade spats over large civil aircraft subsidization , and steel tariffs as i 've written about [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1ztbsz/the_french_train_company_sncf_has_been_told_it/cfwsy7z ) . 
  who knows where uk-us interests may collide in the future . 
  so this implicit assumption in their analysis is already shaky . 
  the second is that the eventual isds agreement between the eu and the us will be modelled on those the us has been using in the recent future , such as with korus and which is also shown in the leaks of the tpp . 
  * this has absolutely no factual basis * , and is completely unlikely . 
  first , the eu has already set the gold-standard for isds in ceta , a model that they intend to emulate in other trade agreements and offers considerably better protections to state rights than the us model . 
  secondly , the eu knows that such an agreement with a us-modelled bit would never pass the european parliament ( even an eu model one is questionable ) . 
  they offer no backing for why they think any of this , it 's just taken as a given . 
  if anything , the opposite is likely because negotiators know they have to negotiate with what 's politically possible to pass in mind , and given that acta was shot down by the ep , a us modelled bit is unlikely to be acceptable to eu negotiations . 
  the third assumption they make is that china and india would be unwilling to sign up to an eu-china or eu-india bit because they tend to want to model such bits on national interests . 
  this assumption does not preclude a similar arrangement with the eu . 
  there is no reason why an eu model isds can not exist including some negative-list exceptions . 
  but they take this as a given with , once more , no backing . 
  on the subject of ( 3 ) , they base expectations on how an eu-us isds would function based off of nafta , and how often canada has been taken to isds by us companies . 
  the uk and canada have very different national politics and regulatory cultures . 
  canada has lost a number of cases ( notably the ethyl case , which i wrote about [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/truereddit/comments/2srn0u/trade_secrets_why_will_no_one_answer_the_obvious/cnsffwo ) - and that they deserved to lose ) . 
  they refer to defence costs in isds as ` substantial ' even if the state wins , despite the fact that the average isds case costs [ 8 million dollars ] ( http://www.oecd.org/daf/inv/investment-policy/isdsprogressreport.pdf ) ( p. 8 ) , and that eu proposals for isds include provisions that [ the loser pays the legal costs ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2013/november/tradoc_151916.pdf ) . 
  having read the report , this is basically just the questionable stuff i 've pulled from the conclusion . 
  in this report , they missed the forest because of the trees . 
  they 've argued against strawmen , they 've used misleading data , and they 've come to predetermined conclusions . 
  i have dual citizenship ( european and australian ) , have lived in europe for some six years , and wrote one of my masters theses on international trade negotiation ( specifically during the doha development round ) . 
  as such , i learnt a bunch about the topic and have stayed up to date throughout . 
  i see a bunch of ignorance on / r/europe , so i try and correct it . 
  they generally do n't listen , often all my comments will hit -10 or -15 . 
  sounds like ( aside from saying it in a public place ) these guys are actually the kind of people that care about the country , realize its problems , and want to improve it . 
  aside from the national bank guy and nowak that is . 
  and people are going to town on them for that ? 
  those are exactly the kind of people that do n't tend to listen to facts . 
  that no one educates themselves on the topic , they just fall for all the fearmongering . 
  sure . 
  if you read the actual leaked documents , the whole thing had basically nothing to do with ttip . 
  as i recall ( i 'm working from memory here ) , the eu proposed a blanket ban on a certain form of pesticide whilst both eu and us pesticide companies said that it should be a ban based on the potential risk . 
  it was a regular diplomatic exchange and a lobbying effort by the american chamber of commerce , and ttip is mentioned only in passing once in the leaked documents . 
  the guardian knows that ttip is scary , so they hyped that aspect completely out of proportion . 
  that 's a vote on amendments to the negotiating mandate , not a vote on the final agreement itself . 
  most people do n't have any knowledge , nor expertise , nor understanding of the subject matter to put it to referendum . 
  it would just be populist demagoguery versus boring technocrats . 
  we all know who would win that fight , regardless of the possible benefits . 
  not exactly . 
  under the new york convention ( which most states have signed ) , if a country does n't pay the award given by an isds tribunal then the company can bring civil cases in other countries to seize that countries property ( obviously , outside of the country itself ) . 
  for example , an argentine navy warship was seized while in a foreign port as a result of the new york convention . 
  some countries ( such as the netherlands ) also have it in their constitution that treaties are sacrosanct , so it would be constitutionally impossible for them not to pay up . 
  but aside from seizing assets outside the offending country , yes , little can be done . 
  for all societies . 
  you think china could 've gotten half a billion people out of poverty without trade ? 
   the eu politicians , being the most interested in passing the ttip , of course are going to say that . 
  you have some fundamental misconceptions my friend . 
  i 've spent too much time debating this topic today , that i 'm too exhausted to give you a proper reply but i 'm sure that if you scroll through the other replies in this submission you should find one that address why i think the eu is trustworthy on this matter . 
  you got downvoted purely for linking to the comment i was alluding to . 
  it 's amazing how ideological some people get over this , where they ca n't even have a civilized discussion on the topic . 
  the ep shot down acta due to public pressure , as i said earlier . 
  they 're likely to shoot down ttip too if it 's bad . 
   why is all done in secret then ?
