   ( even paul krugman is against hft . ), 
  i have many of my own issues with krugman 's work . 
  he 's frequently wrong , and i wish people would stop referring to him as if he was the be-all-end-all of economic knowledge . 
   furthermore the 2010 flash crash literally never happened . 
  i , myself , admitted that there had been problems with it in the past so it 's disingenuous of you to say that . 
  regardless , the flash crash was n't * caused * by hft , but research following suggested that it may have been exacerbated by it . 
   mostly because you literally never source anything . 
  rather hilarious considering i linked to an asic report on hft earlier that supported all my assertions . 
  but for the record , you 've been upvoted by me a number of times because more often than not you 're right - just not about this case in particular . 
  none of your business . 
  i 've gotten threats from the racists on here , i 'm not about to start giving out info . 
  let 's go back , your arguments from the beginning were that it was ` insider trading ' , despite you using an unheard of definition of insider trading that was ` unfair advantage ' . 
  the [ australian securities and investment commission ] ( http://insights.unimelb.edu.au/vol14/01_comerton-forde.html ) found that there was no such case . 
  second , you claimed that hft accounted for 70 % of trades . 
  that was also not the case , that was a local peak in america some years back . 
  in australia , for example , the number is considerably lower . 
  then you made the claim that there were massive errors . 
  you pointed to one hfter that lost * their own money * , and did not cause a crash , when they fucked up their program . 
  just as a day trade can loses hundreds of thousands of dollars because they fucked up , so can hfters . 
  the difference is just scale , and has no discernible effect on the economy at large . 
  the same link i pointed to above claims that these problems are endemic to trading , not to hft , and i do n't see how ` accountability ' plays into it . 
  then you made the point that day traders can be easily stopped if there 's a problem , but hft ca n't . 
  well , that 's also incorrect . 
  most , if not all , now have a kill-switch . 
   it only takes 1 run to set the dominoes on course to a lot of irreversible damage ( eg : 1929 ) and to have these dominoes be held up by algorithms that will react widely similarly to the same stimulus ? 
  thats just begging for a disaster . 
  i 'm sorry , but i think your fears are on the same level as those that thought the lhc would destroy the planet . 
  all your concerns thus far have been baseless and predicated on fear , not fact . 
  there have been a number of errors , sure , and i certainly agree there could be better regulation . 
  but your entire argument is premised on the fact that it 's some kind of insidious mechanism used by the evil bankers that could destroy the economy . 
  that 's simply not the case . 
   also you did n't respond to the fact that day traders never had such an outsized proportion of involvement in the volume shared as hfts do . 
  because it 's irrelevant . 
   also when have we heard before that `` mathematicians '' and `` economists '' cracked the `` code '' to wall st ? 
  many many times before and every single one of them even the guys who got nobel prizes for it downright failed . 
  i do n't see the relevance of this either . 
   see this is your opinion . 
  faster = / = better , does n't = / = more stable and does n't change the unfair advantage hft 's have . 
  the fact that this is your opinion is where you and i differ and where you sha n't be able to understand why it might be a bad idea to have hft 's . 
  actually , faster does equal better . 
  an order sitting waiting to be filled for half a day represents money that 's sitting there doing nothing , and is ultimately an opportunity cost to both the buyer and the seller . 
   you are of the opinion that day traders , as people who can see when a situation is bad even then that situation is not accounted for in an inherently limited model , as all financial models are , are worse than machines working on rigid algorithms who have and who will continue to cause major crashes and issues with financial systems as they either fail due to bugs or will act inappropriately in a situation which was not accounted for due to the fact that these systems are making trades without human approval based on financial models which may not be accurate to the situation as present . 
  hft algorithms have some of the most intelligent mathematicians and statisticians on the planet working on them . 
  they create algorithms that are inherently more efficient and better suited to the task than anything a day trader does , who are considerably more prone to making errors than hft is . 
  they 're not perfect , but they 're refined to such a degree that most work without error . 
  in fact , i find your entire argument here to be a rather luddite rendition of ` the machines are out to get us ' . 
   the fact is also that technical analysis requires some knowledge and evaluation of non-mathematical present issues as well ( such as political information to show the most obvious area where hft 's and these day traders you so dislike would differ on their evaluations . ), 
  and day traders as much as you think they are useless are also much more flexible than any algorithm . 
  algorithms have and can lead to huge losses and instability because they are inflexible . 
  these concerns are baseless , because political information and the like is completely irrelevant to technical analysis , despite your desire to claim that it does . 
  insider trading is when they have an advantage because they know something the rest of the market does n't . 
  it 's not just any ` unfair ' advantage . 
   hftraders can trade shares before the public at large can . 
  hence , although he does n't have an advantage over other hftraders , he still has an advantage over the public which is the exact same issue that everybody has with insider trading . 
  in terms of people * investing * money , as opposed to making a quick buck through day trading , hft has no effect except filling the order faster . 
  the previous orthodoxy was that day traders also made a more efficient market because they helped fill orders faster , just as hft does . 
  hft just does a monumentally better job than day traders do . 
   also you have n't really dealt with the issues of hft raised in the article and have instead opted to simplify hft 's as technical analysis despite one incorporating a vast flexible system and the other being a rigid algorithm . 
  they are , fundamentally , the same thing . 
  they both look for patterns in analysis that will net them a profit over the extremely short term . 
  fundamentals are irrelevant to them . 
  you live in some bizarre kind of reality that is n't this one . 
  eh , i disagree . 
  fundamentals always win out over technical analysis ( what hft basically does ) in the long run . 
  all hft has done is pushed people that trade based on technical analysis to the sidelines . 
  a few thousand day traders have been pushed out of the market , and they 're the ones that often cause problems with frequently ramp or downramp the stocks they 're interested in to the detriment of others creating , essentially , mini tulipomania for a given stock . 
  a machine has no need to do that , it simply follows the algorithms . 
  i very much disagree with your comparison to insider trading as well , they have zero in common . 
  yep , i agree . 
  we have a number of religion driven schools in australia ( predominantly catholic ) , but they 're all private . 
  i see no reason why , if christian schools are allowed , muslim schools should n't be . 
  i do n't suppose you 'd care to qualify that statement in any way ? 
  i always hear of hft as some mystic boogie man , but have yet to hear a compelling reason why that 's the case . 
  yes , i have . 
  i came to europe 6 years ago , and i realized that most ` immigration problems ' people complain about here are the same bullshit they complain about in australia . 
  ie : non-existent problems . 
  depends on if your perception is ` ukraine is part of russia ' . 
  it 's been shut down because the funds have already been used up . 
  this is my interpretation as well . 
  i guess we 'll just have to see how this plays out . 
  no , we can be sure of that based on what has happened to other countries that have defaulted , and it 's very bad . 
  and even then when they default , it is a partial default ( they promise to pay , say 85 % of the money ) . 
  if greece did that , they could not even promise to pay 10 % because the bonds are denominated in euros , and the drachma would have a terrible exchange to the euro . 
   in 2011-12-07 it was reported that the european central bank sent a letter in august to jos\u00e9 luis rodr\u00edguez zapatero 's government , suggesting that spain implemented a mini-jobs job category with salaries lower 400 euros , a value considerably lower than spain 's minimum wage of 641 euros . 
  this suggestion was presented as a condition for the european central bank to continue purchasing spain 's debt . 
  that also makes sense , given how it is exempt from social security ( meaning they can continue claiming benefits ) . 
  it 's not some neoliberal drive to destroy the middle class , or what-have-you . 
  i still do n't see what 's wrong with anything that you 've said . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not some hard-neoliberal or anything like that . 
  rather the opposite . 
  but i can recognize that in a country in crisis , keeping people working in useful jobs at a lower than minimum wage salary , supplemented by social security , can be a better alternative than having people out of work entirely . 
  and everything from the talks that was reported in that article seemed to have been sensible , and had the support and interest of the other parties . 
  might i ask , are you coming from a particular economic persuasion ? 
  this is * nothing * compared to what would have happened if it were option a. 
  i remember reading one of them last year , it was super fascinating stuff . 
   `` it was a very comprehensive presentation that underlined the growing gap , particularly in countries like italy and france , '' said one euro zone diplomat briefed on the meeting . 
   `` draghi effectively said , ` there are two ways to close this gap , either reduce labor costs or raise productivity ' , and he said that the bigger the gap in a particular country , the less room there was to act to close it . '', 
  that seems rather innocuous . 
  in fact , the whole article seems to paint the incident in a glowing way . 
  compared to the complete and utter collapse of the greek economy and society ?
