  much as while a big part of the lhc was to find the higgs-boson , they 're still conducting many other experiments . 
  i too support an inheritance tax ... 
  but only after my parents pass away !, 
  fascinating post , thanks !, 
  not the first time they 've tried . 
  they 're as dumb as the european green party on this matter . 
  it 's not . 
  there 's many people on here that would agree on that with respect to me . 
  how can the media report on something that the government is actively suppressing ? 
  the government releases basically no information to the public since their regime began . 
  it 's hard to know if or how it 's working , because the government refuses to say anything beyond ` we 've stopped the boats ' . 
  yep , everyone thinks solutions are simple and self-evident and does n't bother thinking about the ramifications . 
  you 're the guy that thinks all muslims should be deported because a ten year old muslim kid living in italy for 3 weeks beat up a girl in his class . 
  we 're never going to stop refugees trying to come to europe . 
  it 's not something that 's ` fixable ' . 
  it 's just something that can be managed better or worse . 
  i guess nato intervention in former yugoslavia is bullshit too , huh ? 
  he was destabilizing the region . 
  best to remove him and deal with the consequences , than allow a second syria to develop . 
  sorry i do n't believe in conspiracy theories . 
  france and the uk did n't want a war there , but they had to deal with one nevertheless . 
  it 's amazing to me that so many people still see this as a problem to be solved , rather than a process to be managed . 
  actually , it 's because gaddafi started repressing the citizens of libya , hiring mercenaries to indiscriminately snipe people from rooftops and bombing districts . 
  it was basically a choice between a second syria , or maybe have some kind of order emerge from the chaos . 
  it 's unlikely . 
  most economic analyses show that only russia benefits economically in the eurasion union , the other countries are harmed by joining . 
  a sizeable chunk of their gdp is dependent on chinese trade , something this could severely jeopardize . 
   the eu and us have detailed enforcement provisions already , whereas some other countries that planned to join acta did n't . 
  so we wo n't negotiate rules on things like :  \u2022 penal enforcement  \u2022 internet service provider liability . 
  from [ here ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2015/january/tradoc_153020.7%20ipr,%20gis.pdf ) . 
  the tpp and ttip , whilst bearing some similarities , are two entirely different beasts . 
  we should n't judge one by the other . 
   he also wrote articles on myanmar and other southeast asia nations , both in the diplomat and in other places . 
  just because you deem him a nobody , does n't mean that anything he says is invalid ( you might be engaging in a fallacy ) . 
  i literally could not find any other articles of his . 
   i could provide you my sources , but they come from pro-environment organizations and initiaties ( e.g. 
  sum of us ) , which you will probably dismiss . 
  that 's right . 
  i long ago learned how they twist even the most innocuous thing to seem like an assault of what 's good and decent . 
   because most of the profits from said oil are put in things such as social security , healthcare and internal economic development , not in said foreign firms ' pockets . 
  this is simply untrue . 
  almost all other countries that operate oil fields have a resource rent tax . 
   look , you 're not gon na persuade me ( and i 'm not even trying to persuade you ) . 
  we 'll just agree to disagree , otherwise we will be posting articles , you 're gon na dismiss mine , i 'm gon na say that yours are not right in everything , and we 'll be going in circles in no time . 
  agreed ? 
  fine , agreed . 
  how is monsanto not playing by established standards and rules ? 
   norway in regards to their oil how is norway protectionist with regards to their oil ? 
  they allow a number of foreign firms to operate in the norwegian eez . 
   and i see you did n't bother to check who wrote that and his article record . 
  actually , i did . 
  he seems to have only written the one article , which may be why i noticed so many mistakes and errors contained within . 
  i could n't find any other information about him . 
  he seems to be a nobody . 
   while trade liberalization did well in , say , singapore ( and with singapore still calling the shots , in terms of respecting its laws ) , it was not the case in other places in southeast asia . 
  you have to qualify your statements more . 
  i 'm kinda confused . 
  how is it that you want healthy , fair play based competition , yet support protectionism ? 
  protectionism , by it 's very definition , is completely contrary to that . 
   trade neoliberalization this is n't a thing . 
  trade liberalization is something that is universally seen as a net good . 
  trade neoliberalization does n't exist . 
  whoever wrote that simply has no idea what the fuck they 're talking about . 
  what basis do you have to be against it ? 
   since when does coal or * nuclear power * not affect public health ? 
  lol, 
  i would love to hear some indepth examples from you , instead of the typical `` i just pop in to say one contrarian line in a hostile tone '' we usually get . 
  right , which is why i said * at this stage * . 
  when the final document is released , then it 's fine to be against it based on that , not off of populist fearmongering . 
  there 's no rational reason to be against ttip at this stage . 
  the eu has shelved negotiations regarding isds . 
  they 've guaranteed that food , consumer , environmental , labour standards wo n't be affected . 
  what possible reasonable reason could people be against it ? 
  well , populism and being against ttip ( at this stage ) go hand-in-hand , so i 'm not surprised . 
  refugees . 
  anti-immigrant , anti-muslim stuff in general . 
  the ratios might be completely different . 
  we do n't know without accurate data . 
  if they 're interested in strict accuracy , instead of glossing over problems with poorly gathered statistics , then yes . 
  the swedish rate is closest to being accurate , other countries statistics grossly underreport the incidence rate . 
  edit : wow , -5 in 5 minutes !, 
  is it racism hour ? 
  i do n't really care one way or another , just like i do n't care one way or another about heterosexuality or any other kind of sexuality . 
  although recently i was introduced to the concept of ` homoterrorism ' whilst listening to a speech at a neo-nazi protest that was happening in the street . 
  still do n't know what it means . 
  it 's not just that we have it . 
  it 's also that it 's cheap . 
  it 's effectively a subsidy on more expensive forms of renewable energy , lowering the average price of electricity . 
  people that realize that the damage in terrorism comes not from the violence , but from the reaction to violence , are considerably better . 
  well obviously you catch them and try them for terrorism . 
  but the act of terrorism itself does more damage not in the actual violence , but in the reaction to the violence . 
  a lesson that only the norwegians understand too well , in their reaction to utoya . 
  and so the fear of terrorism is what gives it its power . 
  if society realized the statistical unlikeliness of dying from a terrorist attack , it would lose its power . 
  the chance of getting killed by a terrorist is considerably less than in a car accident , plane crash , bus crash ... basically * anything * . 
  people that are scared of terrorism are gullible idiots . 
  it does n't count because we were the good guys ... or something . 
  but still , your argument is essentially whataboutism . 
  we can criticize both , we do n't dismiss criticism of one because of the other . 
  if you do n't like such a double standard , submit some articles of your own about it .
