  just like with any other treaty in the world . 
  the whole point of isds is to de-escalate such matters from the state-state level , to the state-investor level . 
   this paranoid urgency of protecting investors at all costs above and beyond the normal protections afforded to nations themselves speaks volumes as to the mental framework of those who support these treaties , and is itself a further reason to mistrust them . 
  it 's not a paranoid urgency , and certainly not at all cost . 
  it 's a reasonable level of protection to promote greater investment flows . 
   if that were the issue , you could easily stipulate that whatever fairness standard is agreed to in the treaty must then be also enshrined in national law . 
  plenty of treaties work that way , by requiring that countries change their national legislation accordingly . 
  yes , that 's how ftas generally work . 
  but if the government chooses to change things a year , two , three down the line , then the investor has no recourse . 
   creating an entirely different tier of judgment for foreign companies does n't address this issue in the slightest . 
  if national court are biased , the bias needs to be fixed ; introducing an opposite bias will double the injustice , not cancel it out . 
  as i 've said elsewhere , it 's not a different tier . 
  it 's complementary . 
  they serve two different functions - one is to judge on national law , the other is to judge based on the text of the treaty . 
  second , the issue is n't even necessarily that the judiciary is corrupt . 
  it 's that the judiciary has to apply national law . 
  if the government implements a regulation that goes contrary to the treaty ( excepting in special cases like the netherlands , where treaties are protected by the constitution ) , the judge has to rule according to that new regulation and not the text of the treaty . 
   the question is precisely whether they can sue , because it gives foreign companies additional rights compared to domestic ones . 
  domestic companies have a natural advantage for the simple fact that people are still biased towards their own country and nationality , particularly in politics where it 's much easier for a company to ` request ' the governments assistance than a foreign one . 
   can you imagine if within a country the companies headquartered in a certain region had a right to sue in an additional , special court on top of the regular legal rights of everyone else ? 
  this is n't a treaty within a country , this is a treaty between countries , meaning that elements of both countries legal understandings need to be factored in . 
  company lawyers are n't arbitrators either . 
  maybe if you read [ this post of mine ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/economics/comments/36j4rj/ive_read_obamas_secret_trade_deal_elizabeth/creo7lp ) you 'll understand why all this ` corporate lawyers ' talk is bullshit . 
   except they are not imo complimentary because for some reason isds gives foreign businesses more rights than national ones . 
  national ones have an unfair advantage by the fact that there tends to be a bias towards your own nationality . 
  there are four fundamental protections guaranteed by isds ( which i 've simplified a bit because they 're rather complex ) : fair compensation for expropriation national treatment ( the same level of treatment for foreign and domestic firms ) freedom of moving capital and protection from arbitrary decision making there is no clause under any isds provision in the world to be able to sue for `` lost profits '' , and no country would do that because it 's ridiculous . 
   judiciaries should n't discriminate full stop . 
  if they are , the judiciary has problems and needs reform . 
  it definitely does n't require a whole new special court system where company lawyers are the judges . 
  company lawyers are n't judges , so i do n't know where you got that from . 
  regardless , the issue is n't that the judiciary is corrupt . 
  it 's that the judiciary has to apply national law . 
  if the government implements a regulation that goes contrary to the treaty ( excepting in special cases like the netherlands , where treaties are protected by the constitution ) , the judge has to rule according to that new regulation and not the text of the treaty . 
  honestly , i think this is where some of the confusion lies . 
  you see isds and national judiciary as competing , i see them as complementary . 
  they serve two different functions - one is to judge on national law , the other is to judge based on the text of the treaty . 
   except i 'm in favour of trade agreements . 
  come on jeff , we have a differing of opinions , but its no reason to start acting so inflammatory . 
  i did n't mean to phrase it in an inflammatory way , now that i think i see where the confusion is between us i see why you might hold the views you do . 
  there would be no grounds for suing for taxing them more . 
  you should actually learn about how isds functions before writing about it in the future . 
   firstly this is n't about ttip , but fair enough . 
  well , you raised the issue and implied they should be abolished . 
  isds clauses are different in different treaties , they 're not all the same . 
  the ones in ttip much more strongly guarantee states rights . 
   secondly isds still confers more rights to foreign businesses than domestic ones . 
  so i really do n't see the problem with foreign businesses being entitled to the same legal protections as domestic businesses under the same judiciary . 
  because governments do n't discriminate in favour of foreign companies , they discriminate in favour of domestic ones . 
   if a foreign business thinks its `` too much risk '' to invest in a country without having an isds agreement then that 's fine , they can invest somewhere else . 
  but they should n't get their own special court with special lawyers that are able to legally mandate a government to pay a foreign business . 
  that just seems incredibly silly . 
  `` if a company thinks the tariffs are too high to export to us , then they should just export somewhere else ! '' . 
  the whole point of deals such as this is to ease , in reasonable areas , barriers to investment and trade . 
   since the government has no control over courts and their decisions they cant be certain that they will win this case . 
  government 's should have no control over courts in any case . 
  we have the separation of powers for a reason . 
   11 billion pounds is a huge sum of money for any country . 
  if the british government loses this case they will have to do massive cuts to healthcare , education and security to pay the tobacco companies . 
  isds claims get , on average , 2c for every dollar claimed . 
  even in the unlikely event they win , they probably wo n't get anywhere near the amount they 're claiming . 
   this might mean that they 'll back up , thinking that the risk is not worth taking . 
  they have legal counsel and experts on isds . 
  what 's more , the uk has never lost an isds case . 
  they have a good chance and are unlikely to back down . 
  and yet those concerns would be alleviated with what is proposed in the ttip negotiating mandate on isds  and should be without prejudice to the right of the eu and the member states to adopt and enforce , in accordance with their respective competences , measures necessary to pursue legitimate public policy objectives such as social , environmental , security , stability of the financial system , public health and safety in a non-discriminatory manner, 
  that 's not what they wrote . 
   would you champion the arms manufacturers right to sue governments because said governments have n't gone to war in a while causing lost profits for said arms manufacturers ? 
  no , but i doubt you 'd find any kind of legal argument to support that . 
  this has a legal argument , they 're arguing that the government has indirectly expropriated their assets . 
   you keep saying `` does n't mean they will win '' . 
  but what if they do , what if the government is forced to pay out . 
  what is your stance on that ? 
  then the government did n't make a very good case , or the company was right . 
  the government should n't implement a regulation unless there 's reasonable backing for it . 
  i 've read some of the studies , plain packaging is proving to be effective , hence why they 'd lose . 
  ok . why ? 
  what 's your beef ? 
  maybe you can edit it into a reply higher up and we can get rid of these short answers . 
  then i do n't see what the issue is . 
  you want to remove legal rights from private entities ? 
  any politicians could make the claim that it 's `` for the protection of their citizens '' . 
  does n't mean that it actually is , and this is why we have isds - to protect foreign investors from domestic politicians playing the public . 
  just because they can sue , does n't mean they will win . 
  edit : ah , so / u/divineinfidel is the one that downvotes opinions he disagrees with . 
  do you oppose private entities ( whether citizens or companies ) being able to sue the government full stop ? 
  the question is n't whether they can sue , the question is whether they can win . 
  just as in the australian case , it 's extremely unlikely they will . 
  or / r/australia . 
  i bet you 're one of them posh cunts that says ofre instead of ovre , and spills champagne to show how rich you are !, 
  skane is real sweden , the rest is basically norway . 
  everything is corrupted by the reality of the world . 
  edit : i 'm so deep !, 
  yeah , i 'd personally call for an end to the eu were that the case . 
  it 's shocking how many people on / r/ukpolitics think that , if the uk left the eu , the eu would come * begging * to the uk to open up their trade . 
  the cfp and the cap and both undergoing constant reform . 
  i 'm really not sure what issues one would have with the cap at this stage , that are n't predicated on decade-old arguments that no longer apply . 
   eurovision is supposed to be apolitical . 
  and the olympics is supposed to be about sports competition . 
  that 's because you 're misunderstanding iter . 
  yes , it 's about fusion power but there is also some two decades of science experiments waiting to be conducted that are n't necessarily related to fusion .
