  and that furthermore , the public will have at minimum 3 weeks to review it before that happens , during which time every specialist in every field touched by it worth their salt , plus a sizable number of journos , will be scrutinizing it relentlessly during the pre-ratification phase ? 
  the ec ca n't unilaterally impose the treaty . 
  if you 're not even aware of that , why do you feel you 've educated yourself on the topic to have an informed opinion ? 
  i 've done 150 posts in the last 24 hours ? 
  i 'm sceptical of that . 
  no , i 'm not paid by anybody . 
  i wrote one of my masters theses on doha round negotiations and agriculture , and maintained an interest in the area ever since . 
  on what reasonable grounds , without knowing any details of the treaty , would you want it not to happen ? 
  they can have a say on important matters . 
  there have been calls for public submissions and comments on the ttip from the very beginning , anyone is free to make one . 
  calling for it to be rejected without even knowing the details is stupid , however . 
  this is on the french government . 
  they should be detaining these people , following the procedures of dublin 3 , and if their first entry into the eu was through france then they should be processed and given asylum if needed , or deported if not . 
  but the french government does n't want to deal with this , so instead the people are stuck in limbo and things are only getting worse for them , the residents of calais , and visitors to the area . 
  `` hey guys , how about we make an official internet petition calling on our politicians to reject something none of us even know the details of yet . 
  they 'll totally take us seriously ! '', 
  if these people were sensible , they would do such a petition stating their concerns about what might be in the ttip , and calling for them to be specifically not included in the ttip , rather than rejecting the ttip outright . 
  it 's meant to be ambiguous so they can punish those that are flaunting the law to flaunt the law , or those that genuinely support isis , but most regular people will just get off with a warning . 
  now you 're just making a fool of yourself . 
  why would i think banning support for a terrorist a organization is racist ? 
  i presume that would mean flying the flag , or wearing it , actions that indicate support for the organisation . 
  edit : interesting name :|, 
  i doubt just showing an image would be enough to indicate support , it 'd have to be something a lot more serious than that . 
  your comment is so batshit retarded it 's not funny . 
   managing defence policy , the military , diplomacy , law , and trade agreements is a `` ceremonial role '' ? 
  i would n't classify it as such . 
  and i would certainly like a right to vote on those things if such a state were to emege . 
  it seems like all of this could only happen with the consensus of the member-states regardless , that 's why it would be ` ceremonial '  this does n't really expand up on your comment about why we would n't `` need '' democracy in such a state . 
  why would people not want , or need , to vote on the things you 've just talked about ? 
  because it would come from the nation-states regardless , hence why i used the word ` intergovernmental ' , as opposed to supranational . 
  what he 's describing seems to be an intergovernmental structure with run by an organization with a ceremonial role . 
  if that 's the case , best to just keep the legislative impetus at the nation-state level and they can put in common standards for human rights , defence policy , new members , and single market regulations through treaty change , if he 's really into minarchism . 
  another week , another sverigedemokraterna scandal . 
  what 's the point of having all this democracy for an organization that would n't , in the case of your reforms , need it in any way ? 
  yeah , but i thought most polish coal was low-grade , ie : lignite . 
  why does it matter what ethnicity they are , as long as they follow that countries values ? 
  now you 've just gone into racist territory . 
  international treaties are valid forever under the vienna convention governing the laws of treaties . 
  literally forever , not just seven years . 
  if you do n't know such elementary facts about how international dealings work , do you really think you 're qualified to discuss the topic ? 
  why is it so hard for you to say you have n't read the leaked documents ? 
  lol . 
  are you suggesting our community leaders not be accountable to the public ? 
  i do n't see what that has to do with our discussion . 
  so you have n't read the leaked documents . 
  it has to be put before british parliament at least three weeks before it 's voted on . 
  other countries have similar measures , to varying degrees . 
  whenever a treaty is signed and ratified , a country is bound forever . 
  you 're just an anti-globalist in that case . 
  not if they 're in the public eye , such as business leaders or in politics , no . 
  which this guy was . 
   sure we can help those in need but do we need to do it on this massive scale ? 
  it 's a choice between letting people live and die through the horrors of war , and all that entails , or having to spend a tiny bit of our gdp on helping them . 
  the point stands regardless . 
  the ` aha ' does n't know dick about negotiations , the best it can do is advise negotiators . 
  international negotiation is n't their area of expertise . 
  i 'm pretty sure he just misquoted them , like he misquoted everything else anyway . 
  all international treaties tie the hands of a government . 
  do you deny that ? 
  wow , you won the argument , you so smrat . 
  they have the luxury of having dfat , as well as numerous committees and special interest groups , to advise them . 
  i live in europe . 
  i have dual citizenship . 
  i 've lived in europe for more than five years and intend to do so for the rest of my life . 
  because it 's late , and i 'm tired , but maybe tomorrow . 
  on the condition you do n't play the semantic game , because everyone knows that racism does n't just mean strict biological nazi-type racism . 
  so sue me . 
  but you 're racist , and it 's not . 
  so you 're suggesting it 's better to let tens of thousands of people die in war-torn countries , because some young people ca n't get jobs in their home country ? 
  they 're also far from specialist on international trade negotiations . 
  no , it 's not . 
  edit : i promise to stay in / r/europe if you racists promise to stay in / r/european . 
  no , it 's not . 
  we find out the contents of the deal before it 's voted on in 29 different parliaments + the us senate . 
  i do n't have to offer a non-biased source to point out that that one is biased . 
  that 's not the same as housing , clothing , and feeding them in perpetuity . 
  actually , official statistics show that over 40 % of people that apply are eligible for protection . 
  so you think greece should reject all refugees that apply ? 
  the evian conference and the story of what happened to the jews of the ms st louis is exactly why the refugee laws as they are now . 
  if you were n't so confused about why the refugee laws we have now are as they are , that 's the reason . 
  the jews also were n't welcome at one time , just like muslim refugees . 
  they got refused , and that 's why we have the refugee laws we have . 
  can you link to some swedish policy document that says that 's what they intend to do ? 
  you think the loans given to you by eu countries are high ? 
  they were considerably below the fucking market rate . 
  you greeks fucked up your own country by not giving a shit about democracy and keeping your politicians to account , and what it led to was the unsustainable debt that you had . 
  the eu economies gave you loans at a massive discount to what the market rates were . 
  sort our your own society before shitting on others . 
  so you 're happy that the jews aboard the ms st louis died ? 
  it 's a white nationalist website . 
  ask for a better source . 
  you a racist !, 
  satisfied ? 
  i 'm surprised so much is from bituminous coal , i thought the overwhelming majority was lignite . 
  it 's pretty funny that this is what you 're most interested in about the story . 
  problem ? 
  fortunately , i 'm not one of them . 
  i did understand what i read . 
  so again , have you read the leaked documents ? 
  i 'm sorry , are australian doctors an authority on the nuances of international trade negotiation ?
