  is n't transnistria supposed to be a mafia state ? 
  and i always had to watch for one of those buggers to slip me a coin worth a fiftieth the value but of similar size and colour !, 
  similar to polish supermarket prices . 
  you mean of letting the government scrutinize everything we do , or of letting us scrutinize everything the government does ? 
  ca n't argue with that , the people of a democratic country are responsible for their government . 
  those that complain that ` none of the parties represent me ' or ` all politicians are corrupt or become so once they get into power ' are n't exercising their democratic responsibilities to their fullest extent . 
  once igelkotten decides that you 're arguing against something he/she does n't like , they 'll just badger you with strawmen and repeated ( previously answered ) questions . 
  do n't engage , it 's not worth it . 
  i 've destroyed their arguments about the cap dozens of times , and each time the same unrelenting assault of straw men , already answered questions , oversimplifications and ignorance . 
  you have jimmie akesson !, 
  once again , spin0 comes roaring out of the the cold darks ( or rather , warm lights at the moment ? ), 
  of finland to crush ignorance with facts !, 
  so how many goals were scored ? 
  i sympathize with lithuania and latvia . 
  estonians are really slow . 
  they were around 19-23 . 
  when i went to auschwitz , the israelis were running around being noisy and joking around everywhere , whilst everyone else was silent and solemn . 
  my experiences with israelis one on one , however , has been mostly positive . 
  i do n't know why you 're bringing up the french resistance , i never mentioned them . 
  as to the rest , there 's eyewitness accounts from czech pilots in french squadrons where after getting reports of incoming german aircraft , the frenchmen would just continue eating dinner instead of scrambling to attack them , which the eyewitness attributes to their exhaustion from the first world war . 
  and i said their defence was pathetic compared to that of poland in light of the fact that france had the assistance of a number of different nations aiding them ( including the sizable bef ) , collapsed really quickly and against only one aggressor ( as opposed to the two poland was facing ) . 
  i never suggested they suggested instantly , or that they did n't fight , just that they put up a pathetic effort if you take into account how poland fought , and the fact that they were a great power with considerable aid from other countries . 
  their military might and the assistance they had warranted a much better fight from france than what the world got . 
  it 's always the rnb/hip hop groups . 
  in australia , we have the hilltop hoods , a group that has actually had some songs go overseas . 
  they really do well to represent the stereotypical laid back , relaxed and jovial lifestyle of australians . 
  aside from that , we have a ska/jazz band called the cat empire ( also has a smidgen of international success , i believe ) who embody the same spirit . 
  i saw saules kliosas live a few years ago , last year for my birthday a lithuanian and estonian friend got me a birthday card signed by all the band members with a big kiss on it from the lead singer !, 
  they were really great live , a few awesome covers ( heartbreaker by mstrkrft in particular ) , just when they were messing around was ridiculously fantastic fun to listen to , and with their own actual songs ( the one ) . 
  i 'm also quite a fan of [ jazzu ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ydi-ksbdxbg ), 
  because there 's a world of difference between their ` a-game ' , which is what they did in mali , and the policing they did in algeria and the like . 
  but people 's perceptions of a countries military prowess are n't based off of long term policing actions like that , they 're based off of the ` wow ' factor battles like dien bien phu , or the [ battle of long tan ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_long_tan ), 
  according to historical consensus , it was the d-grade military units that were on the german western front - green troops and old men - with little support in terms of air or armour . 
  if the french just marched in as they were obligated to do , hitler would 've had to have withdrawn from poland to deal with the french threat . 
  it was a huge gamble on hitler 's behalf , one that paid off thanks to french intransigence with respect to the maginot line . . 
  eh , there 's surrendering and then there 's surrendering . 
  the poles lasted a month against the nazis and the soviets , and even after that managed to field the fourth largest allied army , not to mention the largest and most succesful resistance in europe , * and * having not surrendered . 
  the french lasted barely three weeks , and that was with british assistance , not to mention all the foreign contingents ( free czechs , poles , etc ) , and that was just against the nazis . 
  the argument can be made that france was still exhausted and completely demoralised from the first world war , but that does n't change that france put in a pathetic effort at the beginning and had the option of moving in to the lightly guarded eastern border to put a stop to the war once and for all when the nazis invaded poland . 
  this has no bearing on their past military history , of course , just that ww2 is * the * war in the west , and so it plays a disproportionate role in shaping people 's thoughts . 
  indeed , the ` east ' has a well deserved reputation for advancing theoretical mathematics and science because of the lack of funds . 
  a happens even within a single language all too frequently . 
  an american using the word ` conservative ' means something different to an aussie or a brit . 
  why are you replying to a message from five months ago ? 
  i said it 's simplistic , that is - it 's nuanced . 
  they have reasons for what they 're doing ( based off of past evidence and theories ) so it 's not as if they 're just throwing shit against the wall and seeing what sticks . 
  the imf and wb have a history of using loans with conditions attached as economic experimentation . 
  i 'm not saying this is a bad thing , economics is a terribly imprecise science and there are no ` one size fits all ' cures hence such a need , just that to say they have no idea what they 're doing is rather simplistic view to have . 
  the us has a huge microbrew industry and is at the forefront of beer experimentation . 
  those are generally some of the best beers in the world , even better than the standard classics like trappist beers . 
  sweden 's microbrew industry is in its infancy , thanks to the difficulty of getting sales because of the state monopoly . 
  swedish beer is , on average , pretty terrible . 
  most places server the better continental ones alongside swedish ones , and the state alcohol monopoly has a great range of beers . 
  that was an example , the ultimate point being that the basque country is a good deal more autonomous than catalunya - particularly when it comes to tax distribution . 
  it depends . 
  the basque country is de facto autonomous iirc , they have their own parliament , budget , etc. 
  the guardia civil polices the country side , but local ( basque ) police police the cities . 
  the same can not be said for catalunya . 
  if catalunya left , it would mean little for the basques ( aside from perhaps riling up national debate ) . 
  if the basque country left , i 'd imagine it would mean madrid would give more autonomy to catalunya for fear of them leaving as well , rather than madrid taking on more control . 
  i was in the basque country for more than a week , staying with a highly nationalistic basque friend for the festival of the white virgin . 
  whilst there , i absolutely fell in love with the place . 
  i have the flag , learnt a bunch of words , was dressed in the traditional clothes of her group of friends for a week ( and even got the green belt as a souvenir and an invitation for next year ) . 
  they adopted me as one of their own . 
  she works for one of the basque social democrat political parties and is highly involved . 
  i spoke with a great number of her friends about the topic . 
  ideas on the topic varied greatly . 
  she was pro independence , even if that meant not being in the eu . 
  her views were guided by pride , nationalism and other emotions . 
  most of her friends were not so extreme , i 'd say the majority saw it as too much trouble than it was worth . 
  and it 's at this time that i 'm reminded of what a catalan friend once told me : the basque independence movement is the most irrational in europe . 
  they have functional autonomy . 
  they get preferences for jobs in many eu and international institutions . 
  sure , they have to compete with the rest of spain for meps , but for their size they get more per capita than many other areas iirc . 
  simply put , in the face of an increasingly integrated europe combined with their functional autonomy , the basque independence movement makes no sense . 
  the problem with that approach is that then all the articles from a few years ago calling it the fourth reich and german dominated europe will finally have some substance to them . 
  depends on the kind of city as well . 
  a student city like uppsala or lund has a huge emphasis on bikes , whereas a city like goteborg has far less of one . 
  spent the last week in berlin and estonia , catching up with one of my closest aussie mates that i hadnt seen for more than 2 years , am now in the basque country in vitoria for a festival with some of my old university classmates . 
  i did interrail including poland last summer , it is a part of it . 
  aye , that was a bit of a brain fart, 
  that 's the nice part , it gets a lot worse and narrower on the lithuanian side . 
  is euro scepticism really that prevalent in finland ? 
  i thought it was just essentially truefinns that were against . 
  baltics are n't part of interrail anyway , sadly . 
  time to try and brush up on my terrible and near non-existent finnish . 
  thanks for the link !, 
  nimbyism is rife in every country , but to tell you the truth i 'm a little surprised that estonia is footing more than a quarter of the bill . 
  seems that each of the baltics are paying 2/3 million euros/year for the next four years to fund feasibility assessments , route planning , etc, 
  and if there were no immigrants , then 100 % would be caused by locals . 
  tell that to all the work-travel visa holders in australia !, 
  the argument could be made that the us thrveatening to use the bomb on moscow wouldve worked . 
  not a good argument , but meh, 
  sweden has a much looser definition of rape than many other countries , it 's always terribly problematic doing cross country crime comparisons for this reason . 
  funny , i was expecting it to be filled up with racists , not the submission itself but the comments . 
  no , that was someone else . 
  you chose to propagate it . 
  i did n't . 
  try to be civil in the future . 
   did you read the sources i gave or did you just try and think up a way to make it fit your narrative ?
