  the final agreement will be public fore more than a year after the negotiations are concluded . 
  from eu chief negotiator ignacio garcia-bercero ;  once the agreement is concluded it will become public . 
  it will be a way before it goes to the parliament for ratification . 
  you can see that in case of eu-canada agreement , the text is now accessible on our website , it can be consulted by anyone and it is the agreement which has still not even been submitted to legal revision . 
  after it is submitted to legal revision , it would need to be translated , and it would be more than a year before it goes for consideration to the european parliament . 
  they ca n't sue due to perceived loss of income . 
  they can sue for expropriation without fair compensation , or arbitrary decision making in matters such as permits , or discrimination in favour of domestic companies . 
  there is no clause where the condition to win the case is ` lost profits ' . 
  you are so filled with misinformation it 's not funny . 
  first , none of the agreement will be secret after it 's passed . 
  in fact , it will be publicly available for more than a year before it 's voted on , just as ceta has been ( it 's been online since september , they still have n't voted on it ) . 
  it 's only the negotiating documents that are secret - what each parties positions are at various times . 
  the final agreement will be public basically as soon as they make it , and this is certainly far from a ` notoriously secret ' negotiation . 
  this is probably the most transparent trade negotiation ever conducted . 
  but you do n't understand any of these topics , you 're just regurgitating the same kind of bullshit mobiot always does . 
   then why do you have such a hard on for it to pass ? 
  i do n't have a hard-on for it to pass . 
  i have a hard-on for an intellectually honest debate , and the kind of shit you 're saying is n't honest . 
  it 's misinformation spread by a bunch of anti-trade , anti-globalist , and anti-american idiots . 
   most people does n't really bother to go through with your pdf rulebook reviews from the 2006 , huh ? 
  it explains the transparency changes made to the system . 
  but in summary , basically all documents have to be published and it allows for the submission of amicus briefs . 
  icsid and uncitral are the two main mechanisms ( that is , more than 95 % ) that isds cases go for adjudication . 
  if they 've changed the rules , that means that the rules are changed for all future agreements dating from the time those rules were changed . 
  if you do n't even understand this , how the hell can you claim to have an informed opinion about isds ? 
  and since it 's clear you do n't have an informed opinion , why the fuck are you commenting ? 
  for [ uncitral ] ( http://ccsi.columbia.edu/files/2014/04/uncitral_rules_on_transparency_commentary_final1.pdf ) , for [ icsid ] ( http://www.whitecase.com/files/publication/e6da84a5-e1a8-462a-89e3-147a369efdb8/presentation/publicationattachment/232b4eb2-3248-48f9-aca5-16652b545fd8/article_icsid_amends_its_arbitration_rules.pdf ) . 
  you mean the ones that have n't been secret for ten years , and that can only sue and win if any of four rather specific investment protection provisions are broken ? 
  if you read the source documents there , you 'd know there was only a very tenuous link between the leaked documents and ttip . 
  if you put it in such a simplistic way , no one . 
  if you actually take the example from reality , which has considerably more nuance and depth , then most people . 
  why should we allow a tyranny of the majority ? 
  we prevent all kinds of ` democratic ' decisions because they break fundamental protections in our society . 
  corporations are n't people , but they 're owned by people and when you discriminate against the corporation you 're discriminating against their shareholders . 
   why should the citizens of country a be forced to pay a corporation if they democratically decide to change a law , and that law makes said corporation lose money because that country signed an agreement with another country to protect investors from arbitrary and discriminatory decision making . 
   ttip gives more freedom to corporations to sell what they want - regardless of safety . 
  this is simply untrue . 
  actually , these have basically been some of the most transparent trade negotiations ever conducted . 
  where exactly do you find there to be too much secrecy ? 
  hi , i wrote a post about isds [ here ] ( http://np.reddit.com/r/truereddit/comments/2srn0u/trade_secrets_why_will_no_one_answer_the_obvious/cnsffwo ) and how it works , explaining a few cases , and [ here ] ( http://np.reddit.com/r/economics/comments/36j4rj/ive_read_obamas_secret_trade_deal_elizabeth/creo7lp ) i explain how arbitration panels are selected and what the role of these individuals are . 
  if you have any questions , feel free . 
  it 's asking for a trade agreement between the two continents in general , because it means the same thing . 
  ttip is n't a concrete eu-us trade agreement , it 's still a hypothetical one just as the one in the survey question is . 
  when we have a final agreement , then we can start asking about ttip , but until then ttip could contain all our hopes or all our fears - just as any hypothetical eu-us trade agreement . 
   and to be quite frank isds can be pretty ugly and you know it . 
  that 's why we do n't want it here . 
  so why argueing that `` it is n't as bad as you think '' . 
  how can it be ugly ? 
  point me to concrete examples where a government has lost an isds case , and tell me why it was ugly in that situation . 
   isds ca n't overrule national laws but it sure as hell can cost alot of money for countries who pass laws that might limit or dimnish the profits of corporations . 
  only if the government violated one of the four fundamental protections of the investment protection chapter . 
  and ` lost profits ' is not a fundamental protection . 
   and isds can rule stuff that wo n't be ruled again in a second court ( i.e. 
  a national court . ), 
  that 's kind of the point . 
  a government can change a law to be incompatible with a treaty , and then the national court has to rule with the new domestic law in mind instead of the old law that was compatible with the treaty . 
  isds is basically just a court whose only purpose is to rule with the treaty in mind . 
   - lack of transparency there have been reforms made in the last ten years that mean they 're open to the public and allow for amicus curiae for any treaties made after the reforms went into place . 
  ttip would be one such treaty . 
   so called `` treaty shopping '' ttip would effectively supplant the already existing 8 bits eu member states have with the us with a far superior version . 
   isds courts this is the most hypocritical stance germany has . 
  germany invented isds , is party to dozens of isds agreements , has some 15 or so agreements with eu member states , but now that they 're doing it with a bigger partner `` oh , it could be bad for us !, 
  yes , but they 're not accepting just * any standards * . 
  they 're basically going through eachothers standards and looking for ones which are functionally equivalent . 
  [ this guy ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/1u4zet/friends_car_just_did_this/ceepx9f ) wrote a post explaining how minor differences in standards are a form of protectionism , talking about how many standards are just arbitrarily different in the us . 
  ttip seeks to remove these arbitrary differences by saying `` ok , you standards for headlights are a little different but the same safe as ours . 
  how about you accept our standards for the size of headlights , and we 'll accept yours '' . 
  if the difference in standards is * not * arbitrary , that is that one is empirically better than the other , there will not be this mutual recognition of standards . 
  how will us companies have more influence over eu citizens ? 
  yep . 
  especially when people question my motives , and implicitly call me a shill . 
  the only legitimate sources at this stage are the ustr and the eus dg trade . 
  those are ones i link to . 
  almost everyone else is n't involved . 
  correcting people makes me feel good . 
  almost everything you 've said is wrong . 
  first , isds ca n't overrule laws . 
  second , isds is n't anywhere near as bad as most people think it is, 
  one sided information ? 
  i source my arguments to official documents . 
  most people here just say ` but the guardian told me to be scared ! ', 
  this is true to an extent , but simplifying things to such an extent as to be completely wrong . 
  how is ttip handing over sovereignty to the u.s. ? 
  when it comes to negotiations between countries , yes , it is meddling . 
  they give a mandate to the civil service detailing what they want out of it , and what they do n't want and leave it to negotiators to negotiate . 
  negotiators have to negotiate keeping in mind what is politically possible to pass . 
  nafta , which is largely considered a net good for the us by most economists ? 
  ah , so you 're saying you pulled it out of your arse ? 
  based on what ? 
  i do n't think it ever intended to , it was just supposed to make everyones life kind of better . 
   that 's fine , but you do understand that a lot of people just say `` no thanks then '' if they 're not allowed to fix problems that pop up afterwards . 
  so a treaty is not a good instrument then . 
  yes , of course . 
  it 's preferable that politicians vote down an agreement that is not in the interest of their constituents , than meddle in the actual treaty making process themselves . 
  it 's preferable there 's no agreement and eliminating many problems such as pork barrelling ( less relevant in the eu ) , than guaranteeing some kind of agreement where politicians can screw with it  that goes for both sides then :p good thing i have n't taken a side , but it 's clear that the anti far outweighs the pro - mostly for the fact that the pro does n't have anything to protest for yet . 
   so the rules and safeguards will be less strict after negotiating . 
  i do n't see it happening , but if it does then you 'll see me on the lines protesting ttip as well . 
  no international treaty negotiation should have amendation possibilities . 
  to do so would violate the purpose of negotiating in the first place . 
   it takes time to disseminate the links .
