  but russian media is blatantly and extremely so . 
  it 's not fair to make a comparison between russian media , and , say , german media . 
  frankly , i 'm glad that my views are the polar opposite of a xenophobic , racist , populist , nationalistic greek . 
  each eu country has their own way of how to vote in eu elections . 
  if you 're currently registered as living in spain , contact the spanish department in charge of ep voting in spain on how to do a postal vote . 
  that 's what i got out of reading their [ policy position website ] ( http://www.greens2014.eu ), 
  well , you 're certainly right that it 's not quite clear cut !, 
  but on a personal level , i 'm skeptical that anonymity in a public place is really sufficient to qualify for expectation of privacy . 
  but perhaps that 's just because my british mate ( who 's a libertarian eurosceptic , so you can imagine the heated discussions we have down at the pub ) constantly relays to me stories from 4chan about the fucked up shit people do and write only because they 're anonymous . 
  it sure would be interesting to see the results of the counter-factual when the in/out is decided . 
  i imagine that there will be quite a number of books written on the subject following ( at least , from the eusceptic side if the uk leaves ), 
  you know what the great thing about democracy is ? 
  that you can start your own political party if you 're dissatisfied with all the others . 
  i 'm not so certain the right to privacy is really relevant here . 
  they said things online in a public forum . 
  just because they thought they were anonymous does not change the fact that it was n't in a private place , i do n't believe there was any reasonable legal expectation of privacy involved ( and it seems the newspapers lawyers agreed , else they would n't have printed the article ) . 
  but with respect to the newspaper/town square thing , yeah , i was more envisioning a small town in that scenario . 
  of course a newspaper is orders of magnitude higher , but if you 're in a town of 2000 people and someone does that then everyone will know within a week . 
  regardless , it was n't meant to be a perfect example , it was meant to demonstrate the parallels between saying something in a physical public place and saying it in an online public place . 
  my point was that i disagreed with your ` free speech ' angle . 
  yes , they 're entitled to their idiotic opinion . 
  but they 're not just having an opinion , they 're voicing it as well . 
  as to printing all that information in the paper , i still have n't worked out my stance on that , except that perhaps it would 've been better on some blog or website designed for the task . 
  but these were shitty people that thought they could say things with impunity just because they were ` anonymous ' . 
  imagine there was no internet , and they wanted to do the equivalent . 
  they 'd go into the town center and start saying it there where everyone would know who they were , and where they worked . 
  is naming and shaming them in a paper that fundamentally different ? 
  you have no idea what racism is . 
  i fail to see how it contradicts their right to free speech . 
  if you go around saying ` the holocaust was n't real , jews deserve to be killed ' in a * public place * which is what it essentially was , you have every reason to be expected to be called out on it . 
  i was just trying to correct that one part of your question , not the entirety . 
  seems that many people agree with it on / r/sweden ( or at least , that 's what the most upvoted comments are ) . 
  igelkotten , acid yellow 23 is [ banned in finland and austria ] ( http://noshly.com/additive/e102/colour/102/ ) which are in the eu , and is restricted in sweden . 
  this it not the fault of the eu , this is the fault of sweden for not banning it . 
  so as you can see , stuff that is not banned by the eu can be banned by member states . 
  nowhere am i angry , you 're just clearly wrong . 
  and i 'm not following you around , i 've been subscribed to this subreddit for considerably longer than you have and read the articles and discussion here too you know . 
  you 're free to say outright incorrect things , and i 'm free to correct you when i see them . 
  incidentally , it 's not me downvoting you though i 'm well aware that you downvote my statements when you see them . 
  good point !, 
  balance by making an incorrect statement that it 's only ** economically ** ? 
  alternatively , you can rescue them , contact the local italian port authority , and tell them that you 've rescued people in distress and you 're coming in . 
  then they 're not illegal immigrants , they 're legitimate asylum seekers whose claims have to be processed and you can not be sued . 
  article 98 of the un conventions on the law of the sea :  article 98 duty to render assistance  1 . 
  every state shall require the master of a ship flying its flag , in so far as he can do so without serious danger to the ship , the crew or the passengers : to render assistance to any person found at sea in danger of being lost ; to proceed with all possible speed to the rescue of persons in distress , if informed of their need of assistance , in so far as such action may reasonably be expected of him ; after a collision , to render assistance to the other ship , its crew and its passengers and , where possible , to inform the other ship of the name of his own ship , its port of registry and the nearest port at which it will call . 
  every coastal state shall promote the establishment , operation and maintenance of an adequate and effective search and rescue service regarding safety on and over the sea and , where circumstances so require , by way of mutual regional arrangements co-operate with neighbouring states for this purpose . 
  italy is a signatory to this , and has ratified it . 
  under law , a ships captain is obligated to rescue people . 
  if a captain does not rescue them when he is able , he is in breach of italian law . 
  does it say anywhere that you 're not allowed to pick up refugees that are in a sinking boat ? 
  i 'm 100 % certain that 's not the case , and that in italy it 's illegal not to render assistance to a sinking vessel as well . 
  and that 's not the policy of australia , in australia it 's illegal to not render assistance to a sinking vessel . 
  where does it say it 's strictly ` economically ' , or can you point me to an article that says that ? 
  we were discussing that if an asylum seeker boat was sinking ( and they are asylum seekers according to international law ) , and you had a boat , you would n't save them . 
  the single parent that has to work to support their kid ? 
  the dude that received a workplace injury and ca n't leave his place ? 
  there are so many countless numbers of exceptions you 'd have to put in that the law would be subject to widespread systemic abuse . 
  and the schools , are they state or private run ? 
  if state , you 're going to need many many more people to make up for the additional 1000x people needing to learn . 
  if private , how can you ensure they have a decent curriculum . 
  this is a populist idea in the extreme . 
  look , i think people should learn the language of the country they move to . 
  i learnt polish and swedish as a result . 
  but i think that such a law is only there to appease xenophobes and nationalists , and i do n't think it 's practical to enforce such a law with any degree of justice or fairness . 
  plus , it is n't based on any kind of evidence that it 's a good idea . 
  so why do it ? 
  that 's the thing though . 
  you start with a broadly populist idea ( which this is ) . 
  it fills up with exceptions ( illness , injury , special needs ) to humanize it for the progressives . 
  what you end up with is a policy that satisfies no one , pisses off those it 's targetting , and ends up with another pointless layer of bureaucracy . 
  you 'll have complaints about the state funding for schools , and if there is none then you 'll have complaints about the lack of funding for immigrants that are already working two jobs to support themselves due to them not knowing the language . 
  you 'll have complaints about every aspect from both sides . 
  two years to learn a language or get out is a stupid idea for a law . 
  the timeframe is completely arbitrary and there does n't seem to have been any kind of serious study to decide that this is a net benefit for the country . 
  this is an emotion charged idea , not an evidence based policy . 
  seems to be a chronic problem for sweden . 
  the state had to build a million houses ( miljonprogrammet ) in the 60s/70s to alleviate an affordability crisis . 
  not a chance . 
  every immigrant ? 
  what if a family moves over to the netherlands and they have a 70 year old grandma with alzheimers who has no one else to take care of them ? 
  should they leave them alone in their home country , instead of taking her with them to the netherlands and taking care of her there ? 
  why should she learn dutch ? 
  unsurprising / u/vaeldr , you once also said you 'd be happy to watch boat loads of asylum seekers drown off your shores . 
   i have never met an indian who has difficulty with english you should try calling any kind of customer support from australia !, 
   tobacco , is being subsidied , i posted correct links afterwards which i also explained to you igelkotten , the corrected links you posted were dated * earlier * than the original one . 
  your [ first link ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/09/23/eu-agriculture-tobacco-idusl5n0hj30320130923 ) is from the 23rd of september , this year , which stated that there was no production based subsidization of tobacco . 
  your other two links [ link one ] ( http://epha.org/5646 ) , [ link 2 ] ( http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/news/danielhannan/100207002/meps-vote-to-subsidise-tobacco-growing/ ) are from march this year , six months earlier than the article you tried to ` correct ' . 
  if you 're going to lie , try and be less obvious about it . 
  the way you formatted that link is fucking atrocious . 
  it does n't seem to actually be the eu that 's scapegoating them though , more just some of the governments of the richer eu countries . 
  dude , the guy is quite literally mentally handicapped . 
  best not to engage with him . 
  me saying that , if sweden did n't get a good enough deal in past eu negotiations then that 's the fault of their negotiators apparently means that i 'm racist against swedes . 
  what ? 
  the eu was n't subsidizing spanish shipping industry . 
  the eu ruled that it was illegal for the spanish to subsidize their own industry , not that the eu would stop funding it ( because it doesnt fund it at all )  you have been told since the 90 's to cut down your fleet , and there was plenty of alternatives then . 
  you just refused too , just like with the cap . 
  now you 're looking like an idiot . 
  he just said that it had been cut * almost in half * , and you 're saying that they refused when they should have . 
  the stuff that you say just makes you look stupider and stupider igelkotten .
