  regardless , this is massive , massive european-level news whose outcome will dictate the european geopolitical landscape for decades to come . 
  senior figures from all over europe are dealing with this issue ( delegates from poland , france , and germany were there just today , with the backing of the eu ) . 
  the megathread was created to lessen the amount of other links , so they could just be posted here . 
  i do n't see the problem , and i suspect that you 're just trying to stir shit up as you are so wont to do . 
  kind of hard to believe uefa 2012 was there just a year and a half ago , where everyone was so joyous and hopeful . 
  i had a number of friends that went to ukraine and came back with super positive experiences , they loved the country and the people . 
  now , this . 
  yanukovych has a lot to answer for . 
  let 's hope he gets a fair trial . 
  christ , i knew the guy was batshit , i just did n't realise he was at dangerous levels of it . 
  the guy has been established as a moron , time and time again . 
  best to just downvote and move on . 
  eh , sorry , but i think there 's some benefit to pointing out someone 's radical bias ' to understand what perspective they 're coming from . 
  ignoring it seems delusional . 
  you fight stupid battles . 
  how am i a ` righty ' ? 
  so you 're saying i 'm as bad as him and i should suck a bag of dicks , because i thought pointing out he gets his narrative from left wing/communist sources , rather than because , in your words , he 's an ` extremist fuck ' ( of which i 've seen no evidence of , to me he just seems brainwashed by communist/far-left sources ) . 
  where have i spouted left or right wing nonsense ? 
  the only thing i 've done is call out / u/pretzpretz for having a strong left-wing/communist bias . 
  how come i 'm so bad ? 
  yeah , you knee-jerked . 
  / u/pretzpretz is a commie , through-and-through . 
  i was talking about [ the person who posted the article in this comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1yfik5/medic_gets_shot_by_sniper_in_kyiv/cfk1tts ) , they are active members of far-left organizations and mostly post articles from communist or ` socialist ' blogs/newspapers . 
  if they want to deal with the consequences of refusing orders , as well . 
  ehm , what ? 
  the guy has been running around for the last few days posting anti-protestor articles . 
  whether there 's something insidious there , or he 's just bought the narrative hook , line , and sinker , i do n't know . 
  edit : had a look through his post history , he/she seems to be of the far-left persuasion , ie : a communist . 
  the head of the army was sacked yesterday , presumably because he refused to get involved . 
  i 'm saying he was stupid when he said that . 
  i did n't suggest that was the case . 
  no , i just think it would lead to less bloodshed than all the other realistic scenarios . 
  that 's my reading as well . 
  it 's not often you hope for a coup , but i think it could honestly be the only option in ukraine to lessen the bloodshed . 
   he 's probably an australian who studied and lived in poland and sweden among other countries . 
  this is me down to a ` t ' . 
  pretty much every part of pz 's speculation is incorrect . 
  i do n't know ukrainian , to my knowledge i have no ukrainian heritage , and i 'm certainly no ukrainian nationalist . 
  one of my masters degrees was basically about the politics and economics of the post-soviet space , however , hence my deep interest in the subject and me spending many hours over the last few months reading up on the topic . 
  i still have n't managed to determine if you 're stupid or a troll , but regardless you 've been tagged as ` hardcore moron polish nationalist ' for a while now . 
  poland has been very impressive with respect to their leadership on the ukraine issue . 
  you can really see them taking a centre place in the eu these days , and not for stupid shit like ` polands population would have been higher if it ai n't for the germans ! ', 
  i 'm sorry , but you 're categorically wrong there . 
  i have friends from ukraine , including one girl that 's from kyiv and has been there recently who currently works at a human rights organization in sweden . 
  while she says she would n't vote for svoboda personally , as they are too nationalistic for her tastes , she thinks the portrayals of svoboda are unfair and that they 're not the kind of ` far-right , anti semitic , neonazi ' thugs that people commonly associate with nationalist groups . 
  they have broad support in western ukraine , the more ` european ' part , where they 've been conducting themselves appropriately . 
  as for the article itself , much of it is garbage . 
  the author equates bandera with the ukrainian insurgent army ( which , admittedly , did conduct some ethnic cleansing , but is n't celebrated for that but rather for fighting for ukrainian freedom from the nazis and the soviets ) and nazi death camps . 
  anyone that knows a lick of history about the region knows that this is an absurd allegation to make . 
  the author continues to paint a narrative where ukraine is being overtaken by ` right wing extremists ' , when that is patently not the case . 
  not long after that , we get to an even more batshit-crazy part of the article . 
   not that they have much time for the eu , which has been pushing ukraine to sign an association agreement , offering loans for austerity , as part of a german-led drive to open up ukraine for western companies . 
  it was viktor yanukovych 's abandonment of the eu option -- after which putin offered a $ 15bn bailout -- that triggered the protests . 
  we have the buzzwords there already . 
  ` german-led ' ` austerity ' . 
  this is an attempt to equate the west 's actions with russia 's , to try and nullify criticisms that russia has been imposing sanctions on ukraine to sign up to their trade area , and that the russians have offered 2 billion euros in aid to clear away the protests . 
  no only that , it 's factually wrong as well given that the strongest proponents of the association agreement ( and it 's leaders ) are poland and sweden . 
  and further more , the deal is n't for austerity . 
  it 's for sweeping reform of governance systems to strengthen institutions and prevent abuses of power , as well as stabilize ukraine 's economic situation . 
  but german-led austerity makes it sound scarier and evokes images of greece . 
   it 's that historic faultline at the heart of ukraine that the west has been trying to exploit to roll back russian influence since the 1990s , including a concerted attempt to draw ukraine into nato . 
  the orange revolution leaders were encouraged to send ukrainian troops into iraq and afghanistan as a sweetener . 
  and here 's another attempt to make it seem like the west is the insidious party here . 
  notice how there is no mention throughout the article of the demonstrable economic sanctions put in place by russia , as well as all the other carrot-and-sticking they 've attempted ? 
  only nebulous links between the west and the orange revolution are mentioned , and it 's done in the sense of the west ` exploiting ' ukraine 's weaknesses . 
  then there 's this paragraph  nato 's eastward expansion was halted by the georgian war of 2008 and yanukovych 's later election on a platform of non-alignment . 
  but any doubt that the eu 's effort to woo ukraine is closely connected with western military strategy was dispelled today by nato 's secretary general , anders fogh rasmussen , who declared that the abortive pact with ukraine would have been `` a major boost to euro-atlantic security '' . 
  two completely unconnected statements . 
  most eu countries do n't give a shit about nato , and consistently fund less than their membership demands . 
  nothing in that statement would make me thinking that the eu 's efforts are tied to nato . 
  a nato official , whose job it is to comment on nato matters , said it would be great for ukraine to be in nato ... how terribly insidious of the eu to try and scoop up ukraine into nato . 
  and then the one criticism of yanukovych in the article , the * only * one is that  not that yanukovych could be mistaken for any kind of progressive . 
  he has been backed to the hilt by billionaire oligarchs who seized control of resources and privatised companies after the collapse of the soviet union -- and fund opposition politicians and protesters at the same time . 
  indeed , one interpretation of the ukrainian president 's problems is that the established oligarchs have had enough of favours granted to an upstart group known as `` the family '' . 
  yes , that 's right . 
  because he stood against the ` oligarchs ' that stole all of ukraine 's resources , this triggered the problems currently happening . 
  that 's not a fucking criticism , that 's white-washing of the facts . 
  and immediately after that , the article states that  but nor do the main opposition and protest leaders offer any kind of genuine alternative , let alone a challenge to the oligarchy that has ukraine in its grip . 
  yanukovych has now made sweeping concessions to the protesters : sacking the prime minister , inviting opposition leaders to join the government and ditching anti-protest laws passed earlier this month . 
  oh , wow , poor misunderstood yanukovych ... he tried to help . 
  it does n't matter that he was n't offering what the protestors actually wanted . 
  it does n't matter that he threw everyone under the bus to save himself . 
  what matters is that he tried . 
  hopefully now you can see that it 's a terribly pro-yanukovych and anti-western garbage article ( apparently he typically write anti-western bullshit , so this would fit his world view ) . 
  no , i mean it 's an article that clearly misrepresents the situation and has a ridiculously pro-yanukovych bias . 
  that really is a terrible article you posted . 
  there has been no tirade . 
  your question made it seem like you were ignorant of what was actually going on in ukraine , so i corrected you . 
  because it 's irrelevant to the situation and the discussion at hand , so i do n't want to waste my time with it . 
  but my answer was n't irrelevant . 
  forces of a government that has been thoroughly delegitimized ( that pays thugs to beat up human rights activists and senior opposition figures , if not outright killing them ) , that has been bribed by russia to clear out the protestors , that has had the entire blame for what is happening put on it by the us , are attacking protesters and the protesters are defending themselves . 
  thanks for the link !, 
  i did n't answer the question , because it was n't relevant to the situation . 
  it 's not just a few people protesting the foreign policy , it 's massive anti-government protests across the entire country . 
  and the australian flag is because i 'm australian . 
  i 'm not in australia , i live about 150km from ukraine 's border . 
  and if you think it 's just about foreign policy , you 're woefully uneducated on the topic . 
  it 's not just a couple of people in one town square most of the major cities in the west have had their municipal halls taken over by protesters . 
  yanukovych 's government has been thoroughly delegitimized . 
  you think the people in the video charged police positions ?
