  they had to pick between the lesser of the two evils . 
  the two are causally linked . 
  monetary inflation is occurring because price inflation is n't . 
  it 's not for greece , it 's for the eurozone . 
  what ? 
  shock therapy is n't really applicable in this case , ukraine is no longer a command economy . 
  the eurosong inflation rate is basically zero , so no . 
  i have looked at the numbers , i 've seen how they were improving and i 've seen how they can still improve . 
  i do n't see that as the case . 
  they do n't have to pay back their debt . 
  all they have to do is reach a point where they can roll it over in perpetuity . 
  it 's getting better because instead of having to pay 10 % interests a year on that bond ( ie ; 1000 euro ) , they pay 3 % interest ( ie 300 euro ) . 
  that means more money for greece to either pay its debts , or to run services . 
  of course there is . 
  i disagree that greeces debt is unsustainable though . 
  if the greeks did n't do a damn fool democratic thing like elect syriza , things would be better now . 
  they were posting 4 % primary surplus ' at the time , not 0.7 . 
  how is that the case ? 
  no one is suggesting they pay back all their debt immediately . 
  debt can be rolled over . 
  the point ( and what everyone has been aiming for ) is to make it sustainable - that is , the government is making enough money to provide services and cover cover interest payments . 
  debt rollovers generally work that the principal ( borrowed ) amount is paid back on the maturity date ( day the debt has to be paid back ) . 
  so you 've paid back your 10 % bond back ( let 's say 10000 euro at 10 % - the interest is paid back periodically ) , but to pay back the principal you take a new loan ( 10000 euro at 3 % ) . 
  you 're now saving on a 4 % lower interest rate that has to be paid back periodically . 
  it 's not like a mortgage , where you can pay it off over time . 
  you make the interest payments at certain times , and at the end you pay back the amount you borrowed . 
  but that 's not how it works . 
  they do n't say ` let 's swap your 10million euro debt at 10 % for 100 million at 1 % ', 
  because i used this in another comment ;  we describe the main economic arguments posed for and against the north american free trade agreement ( nafta ) during the u.s. policy debate . 
  to evaluate these arguments , we analyze recent trade data and survey post-nafta studies . 
  ** we find that both the u.s. and mexico benefit from nafta , with much larger relative benefits for mexico . 
  ** nafta also has had little effect on the u.s. labor market . 
  ** these results confirm the consensus opinion of economists at the time of the debate . 
  ** finally , studies find that trade creation greatly exceeds trade diversion in the region under nafta , especially in intermediate goods . 
  burfisher , mary e. , sherman robinson , and karen thierfelder . 
  `` the impact of nafta on the united states . '', 
  journal of economic perspectives , 15 ( 1 ) : 125-144 . https://www.aeaweb.org/articles.php?doi=10.1257/jep.15.1.125 in addition  [ some democratic candidates , including barack obama , have said that 1 million jobs have been `` lost because of nafta . '', 
  but as we noted in an earlier article , those figures are highly questionable and come from an anti-nafta source . 
  other economic studies have concluded the trade deal resulted in much smaller job losses or even a small net gain . 
  the congressional budget office surveyed all the major economic studies of nafta 's effects in 2004 and concluded : `` nafta had little or no impact on aggregate employment . 
  '' ] ( http://www.factcheck.org/2008/07/naftas-impact-on-employment/ ) that factcheck.org page has additional links to more information . 
   one could easily assume that there 'd be a short stick for most eu countries too while the more powerful , economically superior economics would benefit the most . 
  why would one assume that ? 
  it 's not law , do n't make shit up . 
  go ahead and expand in detail , because i 'm curious how you think you know better than most international legal experts . 
  presumption of innocence does n't apply in this case because it had already been decided russia was guilty under the previous ruling . 
  actually , i was thinking about my audience . 
  but not one to be responsible for poor moderation . 
   and when a state wants to censor something , it always finds a reason to justify the censorship . 
  can you point to any particularly egregious clauses from that law ? 
  well they were n't banned for reasons of ` censorship ' , seems they just did n't want to have moderators to ensure they were in compliance with swedish law  [ as according to the swedish 1998 law of responsibility regarding electronic message boards , all posts on swedish internet discussion boards need to be reviewed by an appointed person who can be prosecuted in case there is a breach of the press law ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flashback_media_group ), 
  which one is that , and why were they banned ? 
  just going off of who the most likely people to complain about it in this sub are . 
  they 're free to as well . 
  not sure what topic they 'd think swedish media was ` self censoring ' , but go nuts . 
  they can start their own newspaper that does n't ` self censor ' , as i said . 
  look , these agreements are very well understood . 
  each time one of them happens , the same claims get made by anti-groups and they 're always shown to be bunk . 
  look at ceta . 
  before they 'd finished negotiating , people were saying it 'd be rushed through . 
  it 'd been public for almost two years now , and still no vote . 
  groups were saying the agreement would be secret for four years after ratification , was n't true . 
  people were also saying it would be rushed through - it 's been public since november and still no sign of it being ratified in the coming months . 
  the sad fact is that this fear mongering is a result of necessary confidential negotiations . 
  groups feel they have to start campaigning early , so they agitate and spread their worst fears , and then project those fears onto any leaks - even though anyone specialized in the area knows what 's in there is completely reasonable . 
  anyway , if the uk does n't want to be part of ttip they can always vote not . 
  for ttip to go into effect , it 'll have to go through every national parliament for ratification plus the ep . 
  i do n't see why you 'd need to rush for brexit to get away from it . 
  not an attorney , i just specialized in this area academically . 
  i sympathise with your view , i get annoyed when people do n't really provide substantive counterarguments , but please bear in mind that reddit as a whole is super anti-trade agreements and i ( and / u/marktplatz ) have been in way too many such discussions that are exactly the same every time . 
  it gets tiring having to run the gish gallop of wrong or misleading claims . 
  you realise that 's a massive amount for just signing a piece of legislation ? 
  if countries could legislate gdp growth , they 'd be doing it all the time . 
  i 'm not sure where he got those numbers from , but it 's probably an estimate along the lines of `` within 10 years of signing the agreement '' . 
  the benefits are compounded yearly . 
  0.5 % of gdp growth a year does n't sound like much , but it corresponded to a 5 % increase over 10 years from the baseline , and 11 % over 20 . 
   but the point is that people do n't trust their governments or the eu to have their well-beeing in mind in the first place . 
  this is an argument against your government and the eu , and not about treaties and the secrecy of their negotiations . 
  fix your own country so you can trust it , else you 're saying `` i do n't trust my country to make laws '' . 
  it 's a fundamentally anarchic view . 
   and even if the ngos have the same access under the same strict ndas , they are simply outgunned , because extremely rich companies can just throw ten times as many lawyers at the problems and pay those lawyers ten times more . 
  but that 's not how it works . 
  they do n't invite `` companies '' , they invite specialists who happen to work for those companies . 
  after all , who would know better how telecommunications liberalization would affect the sector , than someone senior in the telecommunications sector ? 
  they do n't come with an army of lawyers ( and the lawyers would largely be irrelevant ) , they come with viewpoints for negotiators to consider when they 're negotiating . 
  you seem to be treating this scenario as `` a company can come to advise the negotiators with an army of lawyers to say ` we should make dmt mandatory ' '' and the negotiators would say `` yes , ok '' . 
  in reality , a pesticides company will say what they do n't want and do want , and green groups will say ` those are bad ideas for this reason and that reason and maybe this one is reasonable if you tweak it ' . 
  the then green groups will say ` we want this put in there , and that put in there ' and pesticides companies will say ` this will cause problems in this area , there are consequences you have n't foreseen here , i guess your last point is a reasonable argument '' . 
   the whole idea of having secret courts they 're not secret for basically any agreement after ... 2004 i recall . 
   there are already many existing cases , where big corporations tried to ( or successfully did ) move their headquarters into places like the netherlands , which is striving to become the panama of international trade deals , after those investments were made . 
  and this is rightfully taken into consideration by isds panels , which is why pmi lost against australia and had to pay australia 's legal costs . 
  the tribunal said they did n't have jurisdiction precisely for that reason . 
   why should companies acting in foreign countries have the right to choose the legal system which gives them most rights ? 
  it 's not about giving them the most rights . 
  let 's say there 's an investment agreement between germany and australia . 
  if a german company invests in australia based on that agreement , and then the australian government changes the law to be contrary to that agreement which harms the company , the australian courts have to rule based on australian law - not on the agreement . 
  the proper course of action for australia in this case would be to leave the agreement , or renegotiate the terms , not to break the treaty . 
   in other words : nobody gives a fuck if private citizens are unfairly treated in other jurisdictions , for example by beeing executed after beeing framed for drug trafficing , so why should corporations have more rights ? 
  well then maybe those countries should make agreements regulating how such matters happen , else advise their people not to travel there . 
  in many dangerous countries like this , government websites explicitly say that .
