  but with respect to ` oversized brussels bureaucracy ' , that point is just very incorrect unless you 're referring to the strasbourg circus - which you could n't really call brussels . 
   it 's bad if it puts dissimilar people [ s ] , with divergent aims and expectations from their societies , under one political roof . 
  kind of like scotland and england ? 
  or the countryside and the cities ? 
  or tories and labour ? 
  there are none that spring immediately to mind , i was merely commenting that ever closer union does n't preclude the possibility of repatriating powers . 
  often the political and economic are tightly interlinked . 
  and even then , if you 're talking about stuff like the european parliament ( the only ` political ' body i can think of that 's not really under the control of the various nation states ) , then you 'll have complaints about government secrecy , not enough input from european citizens , undemocratic shadow organization . 
  so i ask again , what political parts are you unhappy with specifically ? 
  what federal pipe dream ? 
  what parts specifically ? 
  do n't bother , he 's an anarcho capitalist that beliefs no one should have the right to vote and that men are better than women . 
  what parts do you consider to be the ` attached turds ' that do n't have to do with the single market ? 
  nevertheless , ever closer union does not disallow the possibility of repatriating certain competences to the national governments if that is deemed the best way of doing something after it 's already been tried on an eu level . 
  especially with the uk going to referendum soon , what would be the point in opening that can of worms ? 
  he 's an anarcho-capitalist . 
  they do n't do rationality . 
  i 'm sorry , but you 're mistaken . 
  excusing someone is saying ` he did it because of this , so that 's ok ' . 
  explaining is saying ` he did it because of this ' . 
  no , it 's not the same at all . 
  i 've flown around the states a couple of times , frankfurt is worse . 
  and for the record , i never excused his actions , i explained why i think it happened as it did , so do n't go putting that shit on me . 
  good point !, 
  i guess germans would n't understand this very well but for most non-german speaking people , the only real contact they have with the german language is from ww2 movies . 
  this means that many of the words that are typically used by the germans in those movies have strong associations with the nazi regime and the holocaust . 
  personally , whenever i hear a word like ` raus ' or ` schnell ' i ca n't help but think of nazis . 
  it 's some bizarre form of mass classical conditioning . 
  also , fuck the frankfurt airport security and customs people . 
  some of the shittiest , least friendly , harshest ( one of them almost crushed one of my testicles once ) officials in the western world . 
  put the two together and i understand why from his cultural context it might make sense , but that the germans themselves would see him as just another moron . 
  when they say he 's worth 2 billion euros , that 's not because he has 2 billion euros in the bank , it 's because he has mostly that amount in equity - shares , property etc. 
  at most , he probably has no more than 20 million euro in cash ( and i doubt it would even be that much ) . 
  it makes no sense to make the comparison you 're making . 
  do you have any evidence that unskilled immigrants are a net drain on the economy ? 
  who is infringing on the right to self-determination ? 
  larger bumps in population lead to larger national gdps in the future , meaning more clout on the international stage translating to more favourable trade agreements . 
  secondly , i see no evidence that unskilled immigrants are a net burden on a society . 
  ` filth ' ? 
  what makes someone that is uneducated ` filth ' ? 
  what makes someone that 's escaping an oppressive regime ` filth ' ? 
  what makes someone that 's looking for a better life for themselves ` filth ' ? 
  and you 're mistaken about it only being beneficial when skilled people come . 
  just think about all the fantastic ethnic foods in your city . 
  or the cultural fairs they hold . 
  or what have you . 
  you have a very narrowminded view here , my friend . 
  the amusing thing is that him repeating this stuff just hurts his case , particularly when people that have already destroyed his arguments call him out for it . 
  i ca n't help but feel sorry for the guy , i get the feeling he 's lonely and this is one of the only things going in his life . 
  just constantly chewing over and regurgitating the same tired mouthfuls of drivel . 
  curbing immigration is not a good thing . 
  curbing immigration when there 's a need is a good thing . 
  by all accounts , the immigration problem in switzerland is a manufactured issue popularized by tabloid media , nationalists , and the xenophobic right . 
  or he 's normalized it so much it does n't seem like racism . 
  in this day and age , racist and xenophobe are broadly interchangeable , especially when dealing in an environment with many non-native english speakers like this subreddit . 
  regardless , have a good evening . 
   strawman much ? 
  what else do you want me to say without saying it ? 
  you said | you 're a racist if you do n't want clearly harmful excessive numbers of immigrants in your country ? '' . 
  you provide no evidence for this , just the same kind of racist drivel you get everywhere . 
  as for the evidence that you 're a racist , i see you constantly defending jimmie akesson quite vociferously , there are posts of you bitching about the pc mentality in sweden , and this represents more than half your posts . 
  he ( and sd ) are clearly racist , this is immediately apparent to the majority of swedes , and as such a big supporter of his ( and the typical far-right xenophobic bullshit you spout without providing any supporting evidence whatsover ) it leads me to conclude that you 're just another fucking racist . 
   nevermind then , you 're just insane , go preach to the mirror because your pretentious shit does n't work on me . 
  no , neither does logic or having any kind of evidentiary standard , it seems . 
  you want to determine national policy based on feelings rather than empirical fact . 
  also , if you 've received the number of pm threats that i have from out-and-out racists , you 'd also keep an eye out for the likely racists . 
  your post history does not inspire confidence . 
  yeah , i know the feeling . 
  and i keep an eye out on quality posters , so the absence was noted , 
  / r/europe is frequently invaded by racists and xenophobes . 
  you 're a two day old account . 
  i 'd happily debate it with you , but i 'm not interested in arguing with someone who 's likely another racist coming from flashback or what-have-you to spread their agenda . 
  but this small argument i will put forth . 
  in no european country have they found immigration from within the eu to be a net harm through any kind of actual studies done , as opposed to bullshit populist rhetoric from xenophobic parties which is based on fuck all . 
  even the current uk government , which commissioned reports on the topic expecting themselves to find many negatives , found that on the whole the situation with eu immigration was a large net benefit . 
  so when you say shit like `` you 're a racist if you do n't want clearly harmful excessive numbers of immigrants in your country ? '', 
  then i have to assume that , yes , you are a racist because you have no empirical evidence that point to that conclusion beyond your own misguided fears and prejudices , and on the contrary the situation is actually the opposite . 
  we have this in australia . 
  supposedly , it 's dropped young people smoking drastically . 
  australia has been at the forefront of tackling smoking , with increases in taxes on cigarettes , graphic visuals on the packages ( showing rotten teeth , peoples lungs filled with tar , etc ) , graphic advertisements showing similar on tv , and the like . 
  the program on the whole has been tremendously successful . 
  tartar muslims are n't traditionally the kind to become radicalized , so it should n't be that much of a worry . 
  of course , oppression is an excellent way to change that . 
  i take it you 're a big fan of sverige demokraterna propaganda ? 
  from my understanding , they were n't forced , and second - it was a loan , not a gift . 
  it 's one thing to have the charisma and force of personality to be able to lead people , it 's another thing to have the vision and intelligence to be a president . 
  and i do n't think anyone here was saying this should be a contest between him and yanukovych . 
  an upvote was n't enough , i just wanted to say that i loved this comment . 
  did you disappear for a while ? 
  i do n't recall seeing your posts lately . 
  i 've explained to you a dozen times what the cap subsidies to wine go for , you god damn child . 
  i even once looked up the numbers for you in the budget , explained them to you , and showed you why the money that was being spent on wine subsidies was a good usage of eu money . 
  for those not in the know , two thirds of the money being spent on wine subsidies is going towards the ` grubbing up ' scheme ( replacing non-profitable wine crops , with more profitable crops ) and other structural reforms to make the wine sector competitive , or to restructure it . 
  but at every time you start ranting and raving about shit you do n't understand ( basically everything to do with the eu ) , you always bring up ` but we spend money on wine subsidies booohoohoo ' . 
  the thing that bugs me the most is n't that you 're wrong . 
  it 's that you asked me to take time out of my life to explain it to you , and i carefully and methodically researched and then explained how it was spent and not a single fucking word of it sunk into your head - or ( and i hope this is the more likely option because i 'd hate to think you were actually that stupid ) , it did n't fit your rabidly anti-eu ideological narrative , and so you chose to ignore it . 
  this is just one fucking point in your entire diatribe . 
  there is so much at fault there , that has been explained to you time and time again ( off the top of my head , i recall someone explaining to you why the eu could n't exactly audit the member states ) , but you persist in repeating it ad nauseum . 
  it makes me fucking sick . 
  edit : this is the sixth or seventh time i 've had to make such a post to you .
