  he does n't advocate it , he explains the islamic legal reasoning why it is the proscribed punishment . 
  he then goes on to stress that ordinary muslims should not be killing exmuslims , that is only for the legal authorities to decide . 
  the frankfurt school is a real thing , but right wing interpretations of ` cultural marxism ' , the frankfurt school , and the like are complete and utter bollocks . 
   that 's just speculation . 
  even when he does n't believe in that specific part of sharia , he 'll never openly admit it as that 'll ruin his career and religious authority . 
  of course it will . 
  but he 's trying to actively discourage muslims from killing eachother for apostasy , which i can fully get behind . 
  in almost every aspect of life , there are things it 's not politic to say . 
  this is one of them for muslims , and especially muslim clerics , and he 's working his way around it in a marvellous way . 
  the frankfurt school is legit . 
  the frankfurt school in the context of ` cultural marxism ' is right wing bullshit . 
  and i did n't say `` it 's true because of wikipedia '' , i said it was * even * on wikipedia . 
  the entire soviet system was fucked . 
  they did n't measure statistics in `` number of workable units '' , but rather in tonnes , so factories would just make heavier nails instead of more of them , and on top of that they 'd fudge the statistics . 
  non-working units were included , phantom units were included . 
  it was a complete and utter clusterfuck . 
  supposedly , some 50 % of the timber industry in eastern russia was wasted because they 'd float logs down the river to the sawmill , but most of the logs would sink . 
  in sum , communist statistics are * not * to be trusted . 
  then you should be fighting all ideological radicalization . 
  which is fine , i absolutely support fighting that . 
  but i do n't think that we should criticize muslims , but rather radical muslims . 
  and this sheik is a massive proponent of the muslim community curtailing islamic extremism , so whilst he explains the legal reasoning for why they should be killed , it seems he does n't support anyone actually killing them ( kind of an `` i believe in this thing , but thank god i 'm never going to have to do it kind of way ) . 
  which i can get behind , because we all live with such kinds of cognitive dissonances , it 's part of being human . 
  unless you believe a western country is going to be an islamic caliphate ( which is laughable ) , no exmuslims are going to die for apostasy except those killed by radical morons . 
  you know someone 's a nutter when they bring up the frankfurt school , something that has been debunked as a conspiracy theory to such an extent that even wikipedia has it listed as such . 
  the above writing might seem intelligent , but it 's actually just right-wing wank built upon long discredited conspiracy theories . 
  factional party politics is one of the most irritating things . 
  we have ` wet ' and ` dry ' liberals ( ruling coalition ) in australia . 
  i 'd happily vote the ` wets ' into power , but currently the party is dominated by the ` drys ' who are stuck in the 1950s . 
  i was speaking generally about the quote , not your post . 
  sorry for the misunderstanding . 
   most of girls i know are < 170cm and are too weak to carry more than 10kg . 
  this is most of the guy i know too . 
  i see plenty of issues with islam . 
  i just do n't care enough to speak about them , because i 'm not muslim and it does n't affect me . 
  if i 'm dealing with an areligious occidental , however , i feel i should speak out because when they speak , they 're trying to speak on behalf of my ` group ' ( areligious occidentals ) . 
  but if you watch the video where he supposedly ` advocates apostates should be killed ' , he 's actually explaining that only the proper authorities can do it , meaning it 's not allowed in western countries . 
  the article has completely misrepresented his point to create a story . 
  nowhere in the article does it say that he advocates death to ex muslims , it says he explains why that 's the interpretation under islamic law and how it 's only meant to happen by the authorities ( meaning the state ) , that they basically ca n't just take someone hunting and they have an ` accident ' . 
  sheikh kamal el mekki is a strong proponent of the muslim community trying to curtail islamic extremism , so you calling him an islamist is very much spinning a web of lies . 
  yep . 
  if the racists would just shut the fuck up , they 'd probably get what they want anyway and the discussion climate would be a lot better . 
  but every now and then you get another `` we should just gun down refugees that invade our lands ! '', 
  idiot which ruins it for everyone . 
  if there 's really a need for a draft , then you probably need every able bodied person because you face an existential threat . 
  i do n't see the problem with it . 
  if i were an islamic scholar , i 'd be able to explain why apostates should get the death penalty as well under islam . 
  does n't mean i 'd support or condone it , just explain it from the theological ( quasi-legal ) perspective . 
  yeah , it 's pretty old fashioned . 
  i knew some women from both the dutch and swedish armies , and they were tougher than 90 % of men i know . 
  if i had to choose between one of them , and a guy that had just done mandatory military service and did n't have their heart in it , i 'd choose them every single time - and they would too . 
  he did n't say that women should n't be called up , he was calling the comment stupid . 
  why would they summon up women , when they 're only calling up citizens that have had training - which under mandatory military service , women were n't previously called up ? 
  they 're not going to call up untrained people , and given history , women are part of this category . 
  if , in the past , mandatory military service included women , they would also be called up now . 
  the point is that the comment was stupid , coming from someone that obviously has the whole `` women are more equal than men '' mentality that 's way too strong and which they impose everywhere . 
  if you call simplistic ` but muh democratic absolutism ' refutation , sure . 
  the issue is n't with interests payments in this case , but rather on debt obligations , notably a 1,5 billion euro imf repayment, 
  as i recall , the proposals were rejected because they were vague generalities , rather than specific and modelled proposals . 
  i 've only seen one of their clips ( on ttip , of course ) , and their researchers really failed on that one . 
  ah , sorry , i thought the individual cases would illuminate for you . 
  but basically , it 's because implementing a regulation that unfairly harms a foreign company might not be technically illegal by that countries domestic laws , but would go against the treaty . 
  furthermore , there 's the implicit understanding that a country 's courts might be implicitly biased to that country , rather than the law . 
  can you see a judge in hungary giving an impartial verdict on such a case ? 
  or some yahoo american judge ? 
  i wrote a post about [ isds ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/truereddit/comments/2srn0u/trade_secrets_why_will_no_one_answer_the_obvious/cnsffwo ) here , but it 's important to note that they 're not ` courts ' , they 're arbitration proceedings . 
   these regulations have been created over many governments , i do n't like the idea that they can just be overruled by a single signature . 
  it 's not by a single signature . 
  for it to go into force , it has to be ratified and not just signed , which means a vote in the european parliament , as well as in each of the 28 national parliaments of the eu and whatever methods the us requires as well ( as i recall , congress and the president 's signature ) . 
  i wonder why this video thinks that eu or us governments give a shit whether the us pork council would accept the deal or not . 
  this is an attack piece , not some kind of unbiased explanation . 
  i 've spent far too many hours on reddit refuting most of the points raised by this . 
  i know what an oxymoron is . 
  i did n't get what you were trying to say with your whole post . 
  thanks for the response !, 
  if they 're akin to alde , they 're definitely my type . 
  i 'm honestly not certain what you 're trying to say here . 
  but do they represent a challenge ( much as pp and psoe were opponents ) ? 
  or are they likely to remain a smaller party ? 
  seems like someone i 'd vote for . 
  i have to pay more attention to them in the future . 
  are they a realistic challenge to the popularity of podemos ? 
  so to me , ciudadanos has left an initial impression that they 're kind of like the british liberal democrats . 
  i realise you ca n't translate it like that directly , but generally an evidence based centrist social liberal party . 
  is that correct ? 
  functionally , none.it 's an ideal . 
  the resources of a country belong to the people ( such as water ) , so it would be wrong to charge for the water , but fine to charge for the service of bringing the water . 
  is the irish system that different to other countries ? 
  in most places , you 're not charged for the water but rather for the service of bringing the water to you . 
  is that what people are protesting here , or is there something more ? 
  on a different side , i disagree more often with with / u/naurgul than agree with them , but i do n't have anything like the kind of impression / u/arathian has - quite the opposite . 
  i 've always hated this dismissal of an argument . 
  if you compare some blue-collar uneducated worker in spain , do you think they 'll know more about spanish trade than someone who works for a think tank dealing with european trade ? 
  this comes on the back of the polish announcement that they 're going to be much more aggressive on diplomacy with russia . 
  it 's entirely likely it was only released now to strengthen that fact . 
  you think the people in frankfurt come from all over europe ? 
  i live in europe , i 've lived in europe for the last 6 years . 
  yep . 
  the guy even has 1488 in his name , which is a neonazi code . 
  yep .
