  no , i 'm saying lower socioeconomic status is correlated with poorer education and hence greater intolerance to minority groups . 
  you 're reading too much into it , methinks, 
  thanks !, 
  of course , the ` by-and-large ' indicates that that 's the majority of people that use it ( which i 'm pretty sure is indisputable ) and certainly does n't paint them all with the same brush . 
  lower socioeconomic ones by and large , sure . 
  estonia : your language is mellifluous as fuck , your countryside is the most beautiful i 've ever seen , your people are friendly , and your women stunning . 
  i do n't live in australia , i live in europe . 
  i 'm also a dual national , educate myself about the issues in both countries ( i do n't live in the country of my second passport ) , and participate in the political process as is my right and responsibility , not to australian notions of democracy , but to democracy itself . 
   you have a responsibility to your democracy ** to be educated about the issues ** and vote based on them what a civil tone you have . 
  all you people that think it 's fine for people to note vote and not educate themselves about what 's going on are the problem . 
  no , i do n't . 
  as i said , i think people have a democratic and moral responsibility to vote and educate themselves on the issue . 
  not voting is taking an implicit stand on the politics already ( that is , one in which you support the status quo ) . 
  i could n't disagree more . 
  i also have dual nationality and i vote in both , because citizenship a confers rights as well as responsibilities . 
  one of those responsibilities is to be educated about the political climate and to vote . 
  i realize this is a personal opinion , but i find too many people far too readily abrogate their democratic power for trivial reasoks, 
  that 's irrelevant . 
  citizenship confers certain responsibilities, 
  also , norwegian hydro, 
  does the uk tend to agree with the us ? 
  yeah . 
  is it a puppet ? 
  really ? 
  it 's your democratic and societal right and * responsibility * to vote , and you have a responsibility to your democracy to be educated about the issues and vote based on them . 
  to note vote ` just because you do n't live there ' is a sad reflection on the state of democracy these days . 
  if you do n't vote , you 're equally responsible for the outcome of orban coming into power, 
  both your answers are bad . 
  yeah , exactly , it 's bizarre people forget this fact, 
  yep , especially after all those well known cases of western journalists being assassinated , media publications being shut down for not toeing the party like , and so on, 
  no they do n't . 
  plenty of people still go there to fight . 
  actually , we have a strong overproduction of food . 
  what we do n't have is proper distribution and waste management . 
  yep , in pakistan and afghanistan there 's widespread anti-vaccination sentiment because of conspiracy theories about sterilization schemes by the us and so on . 
  rationality in this thread , thank christ . 
  no , i think it 's more that your libertarian ideology is seen as naive , much as those university communist groups do n't get attention because they also do n't live in the same reality . 
  the legal justification is that they broke international law , and the tools that are being sold to them help them break that international law . 
  i do n't know if you 're some kind of hard anarcho-capitalist ( it sounds like that from your arguments ) , but you have a completely non-pragmatic view to dealing with international relations , where the only thing that matters is ironclad agreements . 
  if a country is going to use the tools you sell them through agreements to break more laws , you are as liable as that country is . 
  there are two perspectives . 
  we can promote international law , which means human rights , refugee rights , no unjust wars , etc. 
  or we can protect strict national interests . 
  or we can promote realist norms , which means ` fuck how this country acts , we 'll continue following as things are . ', 
  russia broke , and i 'm not exagerrating , dozens of international laws . 
  if someone violates an aspect of a contract with you where you owe them 5 million euros , would you still pay ? 
  or would you say the contract is now invalid thanks to the actions of the other party . 
  i dunno , i feel it should be more damaging than tsar bomba given it 's destructive power . 
  similarly , it is completely rational to reward trade partners that do n't flagrantly violate international laws and norms by allowing them to operate as previously , and punish those that do . 
  they deserve a second chance . 
  wait , i thought muslims were the new russians ? 
  does that mean that russians are the new russians ? 
  what a terrifying thought, 
  i have no swedish keyboard :(, 
  well , i never claimed that it was italy , ireland , and spain as well . 
  that 's why i only said greece . 
  unlikely without serious escalation from the side of russia . 
  the ukraine situation has already led to increased talks about the energy union i was talking about , but it 's still uncertain ( and i 'd say pretty unlikely ) that that would go through . 
  skane finally separated from the rest of sweden too . 
  pity about bohuslan and halland . 
   the russian 's will find other customers . 
  not really . 
  gas takes years to develop the transportation infrastructure to put it into place through pipelines and so on . 
  the only natural partners for russian gas are europe and china , and china gets most of what it needs from turkmenistan . 
  with gazprom providing over 20 % of the russian state budget , it would signal a massive reduction in what the russian state is capable of and would destroy russia . 
  i can perhaps comment on the situation on russian gas as that 's an area i have a particular expertise in , but ca n't comment on other energy sources from russia . 
  europe has been drastically cutting its reliance on russian gas for a little over decade , changing from 40 % of the eu 's total to a little under 25 % . 
  last year , norway became the largest exporter of gas to the eu , replacing russia . 
  with large scale lng plants opening up as well across europe , ( two , if i recall correctly , in the baltics , along the adriatic and aegean seas , and in northern germany as well as a super-massive one in poland that will be able to handle 50 % of poland 's gas needs ) , europe will see a massive shift in how it does business with russia over gas . 
  first , the length of contracts will likely be shorter with russia . 
  currently , gas is sold on long term tale-or-pay contracts ( if a country 's storage tanks are full , they have to continue to pay a certain amount for gas that they do not even buy ) that include a ` no-resale ' clause , meaning that germany can not resell russian gas to poland for example . 
  the opening up of lng import capacity means that european countries can demand shorter contracts for smaller volumes of gas more readily , as they will have considerably more variety in their sources , albeit at a premium , and hence have a stronger bargaining position . 
  to this , russia has already stated its intent to sell ` less gas for more ' , but it will mean that europe will have more energy independence . 
  these are just organic changes that will happen as a result in changes in the market place . 
  what european countries should do as well , however , to give them greater independence from russia is to bargain collectively for gas . 
  as a larger unit , russia will no longer be able to play countries off against each other ( germany gets its gas at a sharp discount to most other eu countries keep them pliable ) and will remove many of the problems with how russian gas is already being sold that i mentioned previously , such as the need to order more gas than is needed . 
  so basically , russia 's energy dominance has been in sharp decline for the last decade already , and this trend is only likely to continue . 
  the only way russia has been able to arrest this decline in recent years is by funding anti-fracking groups , doing its absolute best to destroy any alternative suppliers of gas ( such as by causing so many problems with the trans-adriatic and nabucco pipelines ) , and by playing off eu country against eu country ( i 'm looking at you germany , austria , and bulgaria ) . 
   i hate to toot my own horn ( yeah right ) but the scandinavian economies have pulled through the crisis not only due to already-existing solid financial foundations but also due to a strong focus on keynesian reinvestment , rather than austerity . 
  in greece , i do n't think keynesian reinvestment was even a possibility . 
  they put themselves into such a black hole of debt that to fund such a stimulus at the interest rates they were being charged would cost more than it would fix . 
  sometimes , there just are no good solutions . 
  even massive structural reform of the labour market , let alone other sectors , would still have taken time - and that is time in which austerity would still have to have been imposed . 
  i doubt the situation would look much different now as a consequence . 
  i do n't see how borrowing more money at massive interests rates , or defaulting , are the better options . 
  they got themselves in a situation where there 's no better solution than austerity . 
  next time , the people should 've kept their politicians more accountable . 
  there 's no need to cripple it . 
  institute an energy union so russia stops being able to negotiate gas prices individually . 
  impose progressively greater economic sanctions , starting with a full ban on weapons . 
  you do n't need to take it to the extremes of a complete embargo as you 're suggesting . 
  there were some 30 or so australian 's aboard as well , and many of the people were researchers going to an aids conference in melbourne . 
  the australian government is n't going to do shit about it , and people are n't going to care that much because , well , that 's modern australia for you . 
  scary thing for me is that if it had been a week later , i would 've been on that plane . 
  what 's the story behind so many spaniards being pro-russian ? 
  it seems disproportionate , in my admittedly limited experience , to other countries . 
  the mythical ` them foreigners just come here for our benefits ' that has been disproven countless times ? 
  but that hardly gives them a solid understanding of dealing with russia , given that so much of western-soviet discussions were essentially abrogated to the us . 
  europe did n't really have policy autonomy when it came to diplomacy with russia , so how could the cold war have given them the requisite experience that eastern countries have ? 
  my mum certainly thinks so !,
