  that 's far more likely to cramp the countries finances . 
  she would make it gibraltar drama . 
  free movement . 
  they were expecting varoufakis ' charm to sway the troika . 
  gibraltar drama is less fun without llanita writing bizarre arguments . 
  oh , i absolutely hit my head against the wall . 
  but i 've found that if you remain civil and respectful they read your arguments , if you 're angry and abusive they just read your tone . 
  i 'm pretty sure i 'll have a concussion by the end of this argument though, 
  harmful to the domestic economy and peoples living standards . 
  what ? 
  this is n't a matter of immigration . 
  immigration is not some problem that the ` left ' has ignored . 
  this is a problem of failed , destabilized , and weak states near european borders , and the huge numbers of refugees and economic migrants coming by crappy boat to try and get a better life on european shores . 
  well , that 's the point of the deal , to eliminate protectionism . 
  because protectionism is , by and large , harmful . 
  this has been empirically shown time and time again , which is why it 's one of the field of economics great ` truths ' . 
  you seem to be fine with an economy of 495 million greedy hands landing on the island , by being in the eu ... 
  the australia experience has been that , no , australian and american companies operating in australia care about the same amount for the environment . 
  well then you should n't be opening them up to irish companies either !, 
  provided you keep them closed , they ca n't touch them . 
  you raised tax avoidance to demonstrate how juncker is corrupt . 
  i 'd dare say a sizable majority of the eu engages in tax avoidance , are they all corrupt as well ? 
   i see what you mean about law suits now . 
  but say for example the irish government allows a semi-state board gais to exploit ireland 's peat bogs in a sustainable manner , american companies can now sue if they are n't granted rights to our bogs ? 
  if they 're not granted rights on the same terms given to irish companies . 
  the whole point is to stop countries favouring their domestic companies . 
   is n't that practically the same though ? 
  so long as some corn syrup loaded shit in the states are approved there they can sell here right ? 
  i highly doubt american food standards would be properly recognised as inferior to european when so much money and lobbying is involved . 
  it 's only on the standards they agree to mutually recognize . 
  the eu has said multiple times that they 're not going to compromise food standards . 
  [ here 's an article from the director of dg trade , the body responsible for negotiating ttip for the eu , precisely on that topic ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/sections/trade-society/commission-official-eu-not-going-change-its-food-legislation-because-ttip#.vhqw3url5sq.reddit ) . 
  we 've had this argument a dozen times . 
  i 've never been one of the types to say that greeks are lazy , corrupt , stupid , or do n't pay their taxes . 
  my claim has always been that the greeks simply were too apathetic about what their government was doing with public finances whilst the going was good . 
  my comments here have been entirely consistent with that . 
  as to your example , now you 're just getting into crazy territory . 
  if you said something ambiguous , and then explained yourself , i 'd take your word for it . 
  what ? 
  tax avoidance is completely legal , everyone does it . 
  i 'm not entirely certain why you 're against isds in ttip . 
  poland already has a bilateral investment treaty with the us containing isds , one of the reasons poland is so vocally in support of ttip to pass is because the terms are skewed in favour of the us in the polish-american bit and ttip would replace it . 
  corrupt ? 
  i 've read a lot of criticism about juncker , but never that he was corrupt . 
  trade unions have historically always been the biggest opponents of free trade . 
   so if the us agrees to allow companies to exploit national parks or protected lands , eu countries can be sued if they do n't allow the corporation to do the same here ? 
  what it means is that if the us allows companies to exploit its own national parks , it ca n't say `` us companies only , eu companies not allowed '' . 
  as to standards , you 're misunderstanding how they would be harmonized . 
  it will be done like [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3393nb/ttip_is_a_trade_agreement_that_will_result_in/cqiwac2 ) . 
  look mate , from what i remember of the graph which i posted 2 months ago , greece was at the bottom for most of the time . 
  i 'm sorry it did n't turn out that way in the dataset posted and you spent so long showing that , but the point i was trying to make from the beginning was that greece was not managing its public finances responsibly for decades , especially when you brought up the ` profligate greeks ' thing . 
  and i thought we had more mutual respect than to downvote eachother . 
  it proved my point , because greek budget deficits were consistently at the bottom . 
  sorry it was n't * exactly * at the bottom , but it still supports my claim that there has been a consistent problem with greek budget deficits . 
  i do n't know if this dataset is just different to the one i saw , or what . 
  between 1982 and 1997 they had a worse budget deficit than 5 % !, 
  for only seven years in the last 30 did they have a smaller deficit than 5 % !, 
  as far as the ` profligate greeks ' story goes , i 'd say that 's pretty fucking conclusive evidence . 
  they 're central banks , not commercial banks . 
  you distrust central banks ? 
  ah , look , sorry but i do n't have the strength at the moment to give you an individual reply . 
  that said , i commented about the ` trade barriers ' thing [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3393nb/ttip_is_a_trade_agreement_that_will_result_in/cqiwac2 ) and the tufts study [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3393nb/ttip_is_a_trade_agreement_that_will_result_in/cqiwmmj ) . 
  but freer trade is pretty much a dogma in economics , not because of ideology but because it 's quantitatively shown to bring about tremendous benefits . 
  they 're stakeholders of the whole thing , but you would n't consult one of them about how a 5 % drop in a tariff on industrial strength chemicals would affect them . 
  that 's why there are constant calls submissions from the general public about what they 're concerned about as well , and what they do and do n't want in there , let alone ngos as well . 
  the ec definitely does n't want another acta debacle over ttip . 
  we 've never had that many people arriving , i do n't think there 's been more than 15,000 in a single year . 
  any chance for some kind of english summary ? 
  i did n't say it was bad . 
  i questioned the assumption that it was best , necessary , and most effective . 
  sorry , i do n't read german so i could n't comment . 
  thanks !, 
  / r/europe takes on the european union and the united states - a battle for the ages !, 
  well , the definitive one was done by cepr , which is the most respected economic think tank in europe . 
  it 's funded by central banks ( you know , those quasi-governmental organizations that rely on objective reporting ) , and staffed by some of the best professors around . 
  thanks for the kind words !, 
  hard to say , i have n't really been following american politics as closely as i should be , but i think this is just one of those areas where it 'll come down to the last hours . 
  well in that example , i specifically talked about ngos talking about chemicals , not about the entire treaty . 
  this is , sadly , the state of european public participation . 
  sign a quick scary sounding petition , do n't bother researching for yourself . 
  there are 1400 isds agreements just with eu countries , 3400 worldwide . 
  they 've been around since 1959 . 
  anyway , most studies do show that it helps the economy . 
  that 's actually ... not a great comic . 
  it 's been linked to / r/badeconomics before , but for example in one sentence he decries chinese buying of american bonds , in the next he praises fiscal stimulus ... and i have to wonder , how was that fiscal stimulus paid , if not for partially by chinese bought bonds ? 
  well everyone here is free to see your bullshit , so i do n't really feel the need to post them again . 
  are you kidding ? 
  everywhere , i 've linked to interviews and documents . 
  evidence of what ? 
  how mixed agreements under the eu work ? 
  if you think statements from the most senior officials negotiating this , or papers from the european commission do n't count as evidence then i do n't know what would convince you . 
  because that 's not just a trade agreement . 
  they did n't call it the tpfta , they called it the tpp . 
  i 've been considering doing another megapost again ( i did one in the past for why they 're secret ) , but [ here ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2015/march/tradoc_153266.pdf ) is a good place to start . 
  do you understand how difficult it 's going to be already , to pass muster in 28 national parliaments plus the ep ? 
  if even * one * country does n't ratify , the whole thing does n't go through . 
  all the information i have is public - interviews with senior officials , official ec documents , etc. 
  i 've posted plenty of links throughout the thread , feel free to take a look and if you have any questions afterwards shoot them my way . 
  i do n't need to , it 's enough to disprove most of the stuff - which i have done , with independent evidence , throughout this submission . 
  he 's obviously a very smart man , and his academic work is top-tier .
