  i 'm not american , and you 're the crazy guy that hates the us and accused me of being a us shill . 
  anyone could spend 30 seconds looking through your post history to see you have a virulent hatred for the us . 
  i wrote a post [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2ewgn3/lets_have_a_discussion_about_the_ttip/ ) explaining why the negotiations have to be secret . 
  but ttip contents do n't have to be secret , just the negotiations do . 
  corporations are n't built on greed , they 're built on people , who also do n't want to see their kids have lower consumer standards . 
  that 's not it either . 
  unless you 're a conspiracy theorist , that is . 
  jesus christ , that was completely unnecessary . 
  i was just commenting on my experiences , i was n't saying that it was definitively a successful program . 
  having a bad day , huh ? 
  no , i learnt through my university . 
  insightful . 
  when i was living in skane , i knew about a dozen people from the indian subcontinent and mena , none of which went there as educated professionals . 
  maybe i just meet the ones that found success from the program . 
  well , i wrote a post before that comment on why it 's a load of crap , even sourced it , but everyone saw fit to downvote that and upvote the comment i replied to here ... which contributes nothing to the discussion . 
  but since you seem to be having trouble , here it is quoted for you  also , this website is massively misrepresenting what the report stated . 
  as one example , it 's actually saying that those jobs will likely shift due to ` pull factors ' ( meaning , people are enticed by a better wage ) , giving the example of european steel workers instead moving into the automotive industry . 
  you can read it for yourself , [ p. 95 ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2013/march/tradoc_150737.pdf ) . 
  do n't listen to this fear-mongering crap . 
  it 's being funded in large part by loans given by the chinese government to be paid back through the gas sales . 
  it 's not going to be an earner for russia for over a decade , and even then it 's at a 15 % discount on the european average price . 
  strange , i know quite a few people that went through it knowing nothing and came out great . 
  more so than those that did n't bother to complete the course . 
  i feel that this is one of the things many swedes believe , but is n't true . 
  i know countless immigrants in sweden that learnt the language and integrated into society , but never met anyone that had n't . 
  do you have any data suggesting they integrate considerably worse in sweden than elsewhere ? 
  edit : just noticed you said refugees , none of them i met in sweden were refugees so perhaps it 's different there . 
  there 's no truth in that submission . 
  that 's also not correct . 
  even under the dublin 3 agreement , there 's a hierarchy of where asylum seekers are to be processed , with the first country of entry being pretty far down that hierarchy . 
  even there , that just regulates where they have to be processed , and not where they have to seek asylum . 
  you can read it under chapter three of the agreement . 
  p. 63 onwards . 
  not per country though , but it does also have statistics for how dependent each country is on imports . 
  at least they have sfi , which is a fucking genius program that every country should emulate . 
   how are these asylum seekers getting to sweden without passing through a safe third party country first ? 
  and , if they 're not , does n't that invalidate their asylum status ? 
  no , the ` first safe country ' is a guideline rather than a law , an ideal envisioned in the refugee convention but in practicality unenforceable . 
  there 's no indication that the ttip will have the eu drop to the us 's standard of regulations , it 's just a fear that many people have . 
  also , this website is massively misrepresenting what the report stated . 
  as one example , it 's actually saying that those jobs will likely shift due to ` pull factors ' ( meaning , people are enticed by a better wage ) , giving the example of european steel workers instead moving into the automotive industry . 
  you can read it for yourself , [ p. 95 ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2013/march/tradoc_150737.pdf ) . 
  do n't listen to this fear-mongering crap . 
  edit : provide sources ( the same as the submission used !, 
  ) , get downvoted . 
  estonia . 
  i do n't know why , but i just feel really at peace whenever i 'm visiting . 
  the countryside is really beautiful , the language mellifluous , and i love all the friends i 've made over there . 
  ignoring that the protests started independently of western involvement . 
  it 's an interesting point you 're making , but i do n't think it really holds up except in the minds of pro-russians . 
  none of this explains how the west destabilized ukraine , all you 've done is seemingly present what you presume to be three instance of us instigated regime change , despite only iraq legitimately being able to be called as a us led regime change . 
  is it fair to assume , in that case , you think that the cia or some other american mechanism created euromaidan ? 
  i 'm going to give you the benefit of the doubt and presume that 's not what you think , but regardless i do n't think you understand the history as well as you think you do . 
  the us was n't the one that 's been trying to bring ukraine into the west . 
  that 's mostly been a western effort , particularly spearheaded by poland with the assistance of sweden to try and get them to join the eu . 
  and both poland and sweden have an intimate history with ukraine dating back centuries , and understand the bear and ukraine far better than the us will ever be able to . 
  after all , they were dealing with russia since before the portuguese sailed west . 
  no , but i 've heard the food is actually decent in those . 
  i 'll only consider it aussie if they serve parma and pot . 
  yeah ? 
  so how did the west destabilize ukraine then ? 
  the anglsophere is considerably further to the ` right ' ( in the sense of being more likely to support neoconservatism , etc ) than continental europe , however . 
  that said , however , they have to be commended for their recent actions in mali and the ivory coast . 
  but yeah , european history of tackling international issues is appalling . 
  differences over yugoslavia , libya , syria , etc. . . as well as more historical ones such as during the decolonization period and rwanda as you mentioned . 
  it 's a very euro-chauvinist attitude . 
  what ? 
  i did n't say russia or russia leaning ukrainians started the whole mess . 
  i said yanukovych started it . 
  not intentionally , but it was through the result of his negligent actions that it happened . 
  same amount , different mistakes . 
  half of europeans do n't understand the role america plays and do n't realise europe would make the same amount of mistakes , were they in the same position . 
  the west did n't destabilize ukraine . 
  yanukovych destabilized ukraine . 
  people seem to forget the months of peaceful maidan protests before shit went south because the people wanted to look west . 
  ** poland ** * complaining about government , society , bureaucracy , corruption , police , service , foreigners , poles , infrastructure . 
  * not doing anything about government , society , bureaucracy , corruption , police , service , foreigners , poles , infrastructure . 
  no one here advocated war ... 
  cheers !, 
  it does n't even have to be us lng , australia has 7 of the 10 largest lng export construction projects in the world right now . 
  we 're set to be world lng export leader by 2020 , with quite a bit of spare capacity . 
  i heard there were significant delays , and it was unlikely it would be finished this year ? 
  fair enough , your comment was ambiguously worded enough that it could 've gone either way . 
  poland 's supplies are n't really that diversified , atleast until the new lng terminal in swylywlsylywlysic gets finished . 
  they get 80 % of their gas from russia . 
  i never thought i 'd wish for military coups , but the turkish military seemed to use them very responsibly from my limited reading of their history . 
  i do n't think the economics would work out , norway is a notoriously mountainous country and the extraction mostly happens on oil platforms in the norwegian sea . 
  plus their production has peaked already with expectations of rapid decline , so it 's all downhill from here . 
  they 've actually already started building them , such as freeport lng in texas which is currently under construction , having received approval last year . 
  or to get them into london faster . 
  that 's natural gas , not lng . 
  lng is something different . 
  they do n't have lng production yet ( for export ) . 
  you do n't have to be right wing to be a hardcore polish nationalist . 
  edit : you should n't be getting downvoted for this . 
  or a ` hardcore polish nationalist ' , as i once dubbed you , 
  for future reference , it 's a gas pipeline and not an lng pipeline . 
  this is a lie . 
  this is universal . 
  even in krakow , most british stag parties seem to just go to british/irish pubs for some reason .
