  but it will be public for more than a year after they finish negotiating , and the eu has a huge wealth of information online about what they want to have in ttip and what they wo n't compromise on - nothing is stopping the people going out and educating themselves , they just choose to read horror-porn regarding trade agreements instead . 
  point me to the ` profits ' part , please . 
  in either the leaked documents ( which are n't even relevant to the current agreement anyway ) , or to the proposal by the eu for the new system of isds . 
  edit : i love how keen people are on the downvotes , but no one can point to what i asked for . 
  do you know why ? 
  it 's because * it does n't exist * . 
  the whole ` lost profits ' thing is a long standing myth . 
  no , we were discussing trade agreements . 
  you said it was better to ignore ttip and create a trade agreement on tax havens . 
  i said there was no reason both could n't be worked on . 
  if your argument now is that an agreement on tax havens is impossible because the us wo n't compromise on delaware , you 're saying you do n't want ttip because of an impossible-to-achieve agreement you 'd prefer to have instead . 
  secrecy is standard in trade negotiations , it 's simply the only way a negotiation can be completed . 
  nevertheless , ttip is probably the most transparently negotiated trade agreement in existence . 
  as to how they are voting against their own interests - the average person will end up better off via cheaper goods and higher wages . 
  there will , of course , be pockets that will end up worse off , such as in those industries where they could not compete with free competition . 
  but at the moment , the current level of protectionism essentially means that every consumer in the eu is paying to keep a few jobs in place . 
  when a government has tariffs in place to protect steel manufacturing , this will mean the steel business is profitable in that country , but it means lots of additional costs for construction and manufacturing industries of those countries as well . 
  no one is saying you ca n't work on this and a tax haven fighting treaty . 
  what a gross mischaracterization of isds and how it works . 
  i 'm not opposed to the negotiations , that 's wildly different than being heavily for the agreement being ratified . 
  it was a fringe issue , at best . 
  it has considerably higher than 0 % chance of passing . 
   what does the ec do then ? 
  ignore the vote ? 
  make some minor changes to the text then pass it claiming they 've listened to the voters ? 
  none of these are options , it would require renegotiation . 
  which is why the ec has been instituting so many public consultations and has radically redesigned how isds is intended to work . 
   it 's obvious that ttip does not have the required popular support among the people to pass it , and i do n't see that changing anytime soon . 
  that 's because the people are idiots and frequently vote against their own interests in deference to populism . 
  see brexit as a case-in-point . 
  which is why we have representative democracies instead . 
  you seriously think ttip was a key issue in the referendum ? 
  i do n't see how . 
  you 're saying that if something is difficult , let 's just not try ? 
  that 900,000 a year could 've gone to better social and health services , as well as jobless benefits to the people that lost jobs , than to pay someone to play at having a job . 
  how am i soap boxing ? 
  did you encounter a sale on soapboxes recently or something ? 
  plenty of working class people are fucked by industries being protected - when they need to buy that product , it 's artificially more expensive than it should be . 
  protecting those manufacturers was costing all americans . 
  look at what happened when tire protectionism was put in place . 
  estimates place the cost per job saved at about usd 900k . 
  similar stories with steel tariffs , it hit dozens of other industries since it meant construction and manufacturing using steel was more expensive . 
  you 're effectively paying to let people play at having a job if that job at only exists because of protectionism , at harm to the average consumer . 
  pushing for leverage in negotiations . 
  about blaming eu, 
  and yet , brexit ... 
  but yeah , countervailing duties can be imposed which basically compensate the country . 
  it 's not . 
  the eu has repeatedly stated that , such as [ here ] ( http://www.parliament.uk/documents/commons-committees/health/health-committee-ttip-correspondence.pdf ) . 
  yep . 
   effectively the uk is targeting a ceta-style deal where despite huge , if not majority non-tariff barrier provisions , somehow they will seek to have it ratified only by the council of europe and as an `` eu-only '' agreement , i.e. 
  qualified majority to pass , and not requiring ratification by country parliaments . 
  that 's not going to pass the courts . 
  not with the investment protection regime in there . 
  good man !, 
  an over attachment to ones own history leads to bad as often as good, 
  are they not eurosceptic ? 
  and they tired of european ideals such as bike riding and veganism infiltrating the country ? 
  nah , it 's just a tool of the russian fsb . 
  nah , you 're just a miserable person . 
  he was making a joke . 
  try not being so serious all the time . 
  yes . 
  that 's not what people are referring to when they say lying . 
  this article ? 
  you 're only exposed to pc culture if you 're actively looking for it . 
  i read this as a butchering of `` italian police cook [ an ] elderly couple after neighbours hear crying '' . 
  congrats , a minuscule part of your economy is doing better than it has been since the height of the gfc, 
  i 'm not making any comment about the article , though . 
  i 'm not sure why i 'm forced to tell you this for the second time . 
  it 's not an ad hominem , because i 'm not using it to attack a specific argument . 
  i 'm using it to say i do n't trust them and they egregiously misrepresent or outright fabricate half the shit they say . 
  it 's not worth my time to see what they say because they 're so reliably unreliable . 
  green peace is genuinely batshit crazy though . 
  even if i were on the same side of an argument as them , i would n't believe a word they 'd say . 
  how are they ` secretly ' pushing for ceta ? 
  the text has been public for almost two years now , anyone has been free to view it online . 
  and they claimed that national parliaments should n't approve it because they thought it was an exclusive competence of the eu , and hence would n't need parliamentary approval . 
  the case is still being ruled on , as i recall , to determine whether it 's a mixed competence agreement - hence requiring the assent of the member states - or an exclusive one . 
  it 's about a 95 % certainty the court will rule it 's mixed competence . 
   not that it matters , but can you provide a source ? 
  it first appeared in the pakistan-germany bit in 1959 . 
   yes , isds as a concept has been around , but the process varies depending on parties involved as well as legal basis , and ttip would open the doors for various huge multi-nationals to enter that process where before they were n't necessarily able to . 
  some 9 countries in the eu already have broad based bits with the us containing isds , with considerably less favourable provisions than those contained in ttip . 
  the rest are part of the energy charter treaty , under which germany is being sued by vattenfall - but this is only with respect to energy investments . 
  regardless , the process has been around for 67 years now , there 's plenty of data on how it works , and there 's no bias towards states , and in fact when a claim is n't settled or dropped , the tribunals frequently rule they do n't have jurisidiction - meaning they do n't get the bonus pay from having a long drawn out case . 
  it 's not a matter of who can raise a case , it 's a matter of the procedures and regulations of how isds is run , and of the arbitrators themselves - who are typically distinguished legal professors , former attorney generals , and the like . 
  the creme de la creme of the international legal community  vattenfall v germany comes to mind , but i 'm sure there are other cases you mean the one with regard to hamburg , as that 's the only vattenfall v germany case that 's actually been ruled on ? 
  i 've written about that on reddit in the past , let me copy paste it for you . 
   vattenfall signs contract with the city of hamburg to build a new coal power plant , the green party ( which was ruling hamburg at the time in a coalition government ) kept arbitrarily creating and raising regulatory standards with the aim of stopping the power plant . 
  there was no empirical/evidence-based backing for most of the regulations that they implemented , it was simply directly targeting the power plant . 
  vattenfall actually changed their plans multiple times to accommodate these changes , before realising it was an unfair playing field and deciding to take germany through isds . 
  and germany lost the dispute , because again , this is an instance of unfair and discriminatory regulation . 
  you can read about the stuff they went through [ here ] ( http://www.italaw.com/sites/default/files/case-documents/ita0889.pdf ) ( starts at p. 7 of the pdf document ) . 
  perhaps most telling is the multiple instances where leaders of the green party said they would take every avenue possible to stop the coal power plant ( such as exhibit c12 ) , clearly violating the energy charter treaty and abusing their regulatory power for political ends . 
  if you were referring to the nuclear case , then i think vattenfall has a solid claim , though the case has n't been ruled on yet so i do n't see how you can say there was a decision that unfairly favoured them . 
   the public ca n't even check all the details of the proceedings , as the they can be hidden from public view under the guise of confidentiality . 
  this really is n't true anymore . 
  there have been transparency initiatives in most major isds systems over the last ten years , such as in icsid and uncitral ( run by the world bank , and the un respectively ) , and the only place where there might actually be some secrecy is where trade secrets can legitimately invoked , and that only covers those areas where the trade secrets are referenced . 
  previously , the secrecy component was added * by the states * so that the respondent could be saved political embarrassment .
