  if you have any other questions , i 'm happy to answer them . 
  how would one come near impossible ? 
  i live in krakow . 
  i was in kazimierz for two of the evenings ( wednesday and friday ) . 
  pretty empty compared to a normal night . 
  most of the taxis and bars were complaining , people were n't really going to the main tourist and nightlife districts much . 
  it was n't rape full stop . 
  it was a series of sexual assaults ( things like groping ) , not rapes . 
   and then the mass rape at 31st of december happend in germany and it was a perfect `` penalty '' for germany . 
  what ? 
  there was no ` mass rape ' . 
   because it favours american interests at the expense of european ones . 
  that 's a rational position . 
  it 's a rational position , though not necessarily an accurate one . 
  i know what it means , i 'm saying that it 's * used * the same way we use `` oh my god '' or `` jesus christ '' . 
  when we say `` oh my god '' , we 're not literally talking about something related to god . 
   allahu akbar for muslims , that 's just like saying `` oh my god '' , amongst other such sentiments . 
  it does n't necessarily denote a religious motivation . 
  it 's a valid point to make , given you completely mangle statistics and blatantly make shit up . 
  if it 's not a problem with your english , i can only assume you 're too stupid to argue with at this stage . 
  greece joined in 1981 , they * helped write the rules * of the euro . 
  it was n't a political decision to ` approve greece 's candidacy ' . 
   you started the appeal to emotion . 
  i made the point that you ca n't compare the economies now , to when the loans were made , with any sense of rationality on the topic of letting greece default . 
  the subsidies are basically supply management . 
  when there are food issues , they can grow more food . 
  when there are not food issues , farmers can stay in business to grow food when there are these issues . 
  i mean , look at the gfc . 
  basically every staple crop rose over 100 % in value in a very short time , causing export bans and riots across the world . 
  it 's not a very enviable position for the eu to be in if there 's some kind of disaster . 
  we 've already discussed this 10 minutes ago and i 've explained why you 're incorrect , why are you bringing it up again ? 
   which was widely known so that 's as much the rest of the ez 's fault for their hunger of prestige as greece 's . 
  no , it was the fault of the design of the euro , where an eu audit was n't allowed to verify . 
  once they met the criteria , legally they had to be permitted . 
   so you should be happy , right ? 
  not that it did lithuania any good , but hey , those lazy greeks have been fucked over , and that 's what counts , right ? 
  the years immediately before the crisis was also when the greeks were cooking the books to get into the euro . 
  yes , today they have a higher gdp per capita ... barely . 
  back at the height of the crisis when the loans were made , they were still around a tenth lower . 
   strangely , even though the credit crisis started due to reckless borrowing in the financial sector and it was the public sector that had to bail out private banks , it 's the state that gets the blame for being a reckless spender . 
  curious , is n't it ? 
  do you not understand ? 
  greek debt was rising at a rapid rate * before * the crisis . 
  the bailout provisions are intended to promote structural reform of greece and to keep budgets in line , something that is successfully being accomplished . 
  there 's just no political scope for implementing a stimulous bailout package at the moment , let alone an outright debt cut , and legally it 's also not allowed in most countries . 
  that said , i 'm not opposed to a debt cut to help the greek people out . 
  i just do n't see it happening because it 's not politically feasible amongst the other countries . 
  what we 're stuck with is the best that 's reasonably possible . 
  it 's not an ideal solution , but it 's the * least bad * solution available to us right now . 
  maybe in time that will change . 
  sure , but greece gets a lot of structural funds from the eu as well . 
  i do n't think it 's really comparable . 
  let alone the debt scheme that greece has that returns interest payments if they comply with the bailout provisions , or that the terms themselves that make much of the repayment of the debt effectively a gift . 
  are n't you implicitly punishing the creditor countries in that case , quite a number of which are considerably poorer than greece ? 
  should they just lose that money that they would 've spent on their own people ? 
  i 'm not attacking you , because i see your post is now more reasonable than i thought it would be and i realise you probably have a more nuanced view than many others i 've interacted with . 
  i 'm just genuinely curious if you 're fine with that ? 
  greece had more than a 5 % budget deficit for almost every year of the last 20 years before the crisis began , and often more than 7 % . 
  yet your people kept voting in the same politicians that were n't working on fixing problems . 
  can you really suggest that greek society was n't tacitly culpable in what eventuated ? 
   just because our traditionally poor country considers an average western european standard of living something great , does n't mean we had something which western europeans themselves would consider extraordinary . 
  and yet it still required even poorer countries than yours , such as lithuania , to bail you out for overindulging . 
  i 'd love to live like a billionaire , but if i take out loans to do so then i should be expected to pay it back and cut back on my living . 
  it 's amazing how many people do n't bother thinking of the consequences . 
  `` why is n't everyone letting us default on our debt that would 've otherwise been used on improving the creditor countries health and education systems ?! '', 
  `` why do they insist on on having some guarantees that we 're going to stick to our word and not have another two decades of 5 % + budget deficits like we had before ? '', 
  `` is it possible we have the best possible currently feasible deal ? 
  no , that 's not possible , everyone else is wrong for not understanding the utopia we believe in '' it 's such a one-sided view , it 's ridiculous . 
  some politician saying `` we wo n't sign this '' , is n't representative of the present or future position of the government of that country . 
  the uk is still bound by eu law until it formally leaves at the end of art . 
  50 negotiations . 
  the british civil service would not be able to negotiate because it would be unlawful for them to do so . 
  not quite . 
  the constitution gives them sole power over trade , however it also gives the president sole power over international agreements and treaties . 
  effectively , this means that congress can set and change tariffs , quotas , etc , but it is unconstitutional for congress to negotiate and ratify its own trade agreement - this is something only the president can do . 
  this is why trade agreements are congressional-executive agreements . 
  one ca n't do anything without the other . 
  you can read up more from [ this excellent crs report ] ( https://www.fas.org/sgp/crs/misc/rl33743.pdf ), 
  yeah , congress does . 
  but my point is that congress implementing thieves bill is meaningless because it 's unconstitutional . 
  congress ca n't compel the president to start trade negotiations , which this bill attempts to do . 
  it certainly is indicative that congress might be keen for something like this , but it 's not up to them . 
  i do n't know why you bother arguing with my anymore , we 've done this dance a dozen times at least . 
  lol , have you seen the bill ? 
  it 's five pages . 
  most trade agreements go into the hundreds . 
  what 's in that bill is basically feel good waffle with nothing of substance and is n't even constitutional to boot , given trade agreements are a presidential prerogative . 
  congress ca n't force the president to negotiate . 
  well , because they entered the country in good faith and with explicit protections for those investments . 
  seems fair to me . 
  not really . 
  isds does n't cost much and it does n't affect domestic laws , a company can only get financial compensation . 
  he 's not there to rate countries debt , he 's there to help various bosses understand the political processes involved . 
  but of course , since you said done age bullshit against banks you get yo items and i get downvotes, 
  wow , someone that intimately understands political , legal , and financial processes is hired for a job with those exact requirements . 
  what a surprise . 
  i swear , you guys just want politicians to hide away in a cabin after they retire . 
  damn brits , coming to poland and stealing polish defense jobs . 
  this shit from you pis supporters is getting comical . 
  it 's always one of you shouting `` no one ever said it when po was in power !!! '',
