  constantly giving out these kinds of rebates can only harm the unity of the eu in the long run ,, 
  / r/europe at least sometimes has lively discussions and exchanges of ideas with a modicum of intellectual honesty , it 's better than the naivete of the bigger subreddits like / r/politics , and is relatively free of memes and other ` low content ' . 
  that said , there 's a constant undertone of racism that just will not go away , downvote/upvotes are abused , and ideologues rule the roost . 
  it 's flawed , but functioning - and at least it 's not dead . 
  it seems , to me at least , that there 's a very transient commenter base in / r/europe - some racists stayed for a few months and left , some eurosceptics/europhiles stay for a few months before heading off to greener pastures . 
  as such , i would n't say it 's beyond the critical mass point , but constantly hovering on the edge . 
  the day low-effort content begins to take over the place is the day it 's finally over the edge . 
  yeah , the guy goes into topics and just derails everything into an anti-eu tirade . 
  pretty much the quintessential telegraph article commenter . 
  best to just ignore and move on . 
  is n't there a black polish member of parliament ? 
  make fox hunting compulsory !, 
  listen you child , if you had the decency to argue with intellectual honesty and in a civil tone i 'd be happy to respond to you . 
  but every argument that you 've made , you 've backed up with ` you 're just a student , i know more than you ' and continued with the same condescending , snarky tone of a telegraph article commenter . 
  simply put , i have no interest in debating with you because you are , as i said at the beginning , a child . 
  please do yourself a favour , and stop embarrassing yourself by coming into threads i commented in and derailing them with your blather . 
  flakwolf , first you derail this thread , then you go around accusing me of all kind of nonsense . 
  give it up . 
  you 're an intellectual nothing . 
  georgia is n't part of the eurasian union , and saakashvili is over as the leader there . 
  there 's nothing that the eu can really offer central asian leaders ( barring those in kyrgyzstan ) , that russia ca n't match and easily beat . 
  some things you can not legislate a solution for . 
  this is one of the things you can legislate a solution for . 
  so why not do it ? 
  no one said its ` ok for men to have shitty jobs ' . 
  that 's an entirely different problem altogether , as that * isnt * something you can fix with quotas ( as the point is equality of opportunity , not equality of numbers . 
  it 's a problem that needs another solution . 
  the current problem , with women being underrepresented in high level positions * can * be fixed with short term quotas . 
  it 's not men vs women . 
  it 's two separate problems that need to be addressed . 
  as to the fish fillet stuff , there 's easily grounds for a lawsuit there . 
  it 's a ridiculously great deal more tricky ( and damaging for the person that brings it to court ) to try the legal alternative when it comes to executive positions . 
  your argument seems to boils down to ' i realize women have it shitty with respect to high level positions , but we should n't do anything to fix that until we can fix all the gender crap ' . 
  wait ... you 're saying the companies should have prepared for * the biggest earthquake to have hit japan in recorded history * ? 
  an earthquake of * unprecedented scale ? 
  * yeah , let 's all prepare for things we do n't expect to ever eventuate . 
  civil code is pretty bitchin ' . 
   that 's exactly the distinction i just made , zero points for reading comprehension . 
  do n't repeat it back to me like i did n't make it you silly little student . 
  well if you understood that , then the most logical conclusion is that you 're too stupid to understand that they achieve * different outcomes in different circumstances * , as , for example , in the difference between voting on legislation and voting in an election , which was my point and had nothing to do with historical meanings of the word , but rather what it meant in this specific example . 
   actually i have a quite a lot of education , but i also have real world experience which puts all the utopian clap trap about how politics and organisations really work in textbooks into perspective of how they work in reality , corruption and self-interest is massively more pronounced than academics usually like to admit . 
  the politically left ones like to imagine it 's all confined to the private sector , but this is simply laughable . 
  while a 20-something or 30-something can have perfectly valid opinions , you do n't get to write stupid waffle sentences like the one i quoted and reinterpret my writings . 
  all this tells me is that you 've boiled down the idea of a ` student ' to mean ` left leaning idealistic crowd thinker ' and decided that 's what i am . 
  you have no idea how old i am , how long i 've been studying for , and what kind of life or work experience i 've had in the past , so how about you keep those ridiculous and petty remarks to yourself , sunshine . 
   anyone who wants to have reps taking what they think `` best course of action '' and deliberately shielding them from democratic supervision has not quite yet realised that they have ceased to be democratic . 
  yeah , way to boil shit down to the idealistic craptrap you accused me of spouting , instead of looking at how the world functions in reality . 
  you talk of just ` democracy and its pros and cons ' , without realising that this is exactly one of those cons that has to exist in democracy , where representatives might have to shield how they voted to stop populist rhetoric pervading the place . 
  ` oh , wow , hiding the voting makes it so undemocratic ! ' . 
  guess what , in a democracy were kept out of the vast majority of what we should have access to as our democratic prerogative ( everything that goes on within political parties for example ) , but we do n't worry about that , because the machinery keeps functioning . 
  just as this secret ballot is supposed to do . 
  maybe this would mean we 'd actually have a discussion about how we want our democracy to function , instead of shit just happening . 
  that secret ballot is for * elections * . 
  this secret ballot is for * legislation * . 
  there is a great deal of difference between the two , especially when it comes to opportunities for abuse . 
  by the way , ` just a student ' ? 
  yeah , that makes my educated opinion * soooo * much worse than your , presumably , uneducated opinion . 
  one of the editions of ` the economist ' that came out in the last year and a half or so . 
  i forget which one . 
  i know what it is , it was a joke . 
  are you one of txampion 's new troll alts ? 
  not exactly , see [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/184orf/gender_balance_on_the_boards_of_the_largest/c8blltv ) for why . 
  i wrote over [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/184orf/gender_balance_on_the_boards_of_the_largest/c8blltv ) about why quotas are needed to give equality of opportunity . 
  equality of opportunity , not strictly equal numbers in the first place . 
  the point of quotas is to get rid of the cultural impediments for women to get good positions in the workplace . 
  edit because a lot of people are saying the same thing , here 's another one of my posts about this  i 'm going to go out on a limb here and assume you and the parent were n't be sarcastic . 
  the reason is that those jobs do n't lack freedom of opportunity , they lack demand . 
  for top level positions , however , there is demand , but a curtailed freedom of opportunity . 
  the way most c-level positions are chosen is through mentoring , not through some cut and dry hr process . 
  and it 's been shown that these people tend to mentor people of their own sex , rather than the opposite ( for fear , or perhaps the expectation of , some kind of sexual thing ) . 
  so there are cultural impediments towards women getting top level jobs , despite being equally as qualified as men . 
  essentially , a short term ( 15 years or so ) quota system would help create that equality of opportunity . 
  racist . 
  i 'm going to go out on a limb here and assume you and the parent were n't be sarcastic . 
  the reason is that those jobs do n't lack freedom of opportunity , they lack demand . 
  for top level positions , however , there is demand , but a curtailed freedom of opportunity . 
  the way most c-level positions are chosen is through mentoring , not through some cut and dry hr process . 
  and it 's been shown that these people tend to mentor people of their own sex , rather than the opposite ( for fear , or perhaps the expectation of , some kind of sexual thing ) . 
  so there are cultural impediments towards women getting top level jobs , despite being equally as qualified as men . 
  essentially , a short term ( 15 years or so ) quota system would help create that equality of opportunity . 
  representative democracy is a great deal more complicated than that . 
  you could also make the argument , following your line of logic , that political parties are against the fundamentals of a representative democracy as sometimes your representative has to be loyal to the party rather than the electorate . 
  it all boils down to what you view as the most important aspect is of a representative democracy . 
  are you kidding ? 
  the point of a secret ballot is that the representatives vote based on what they think is the best course of action , and not toe the party line . 
  absolutely fantastic start on reforming that beast . 
  the risk is negligible . 
  extremely low makes people think of a few percentage points , the chance of a disaster happening are far far far less than that . 
  it 's one thing to consistently do it , it 's another thing to do it every few years . 
  but whatever , the overly simplistic line you put forward totally advances the conversation . 
  yeah , in 2002 . 
  but as a result , the eu was allowed to put in countervailing duties on us goods to counter it meaning it kinda balanced out in the end . 
  regardless , that whole incident was seen as a huge blow to the wtos legitimacy and there was the realization that they ca n't play hard and fast with wto rules if they want to be able to use the wto in the future . 
  as to those laws , they can also be fought in the wto . 
  im asking you to learn for yourself how the cap is distributed instead of jumping to the conclusion that its unfair, 
  igelkotten , i really think you should learn how cap payments are made instead of just idly speculating and then presuming its done in some kind of nefarious ways in favour of the french . 
  maybe if you figure out how it 's done , you can lobby for a more equitable distribution and then you wo n't have to worry about your precious skogsbete anymore . 
  cap payments are decoupled from production , so it 's not payments made based on how much is produced . 
   no , that did n't happen before cap . 
  before the cap ... you mean before the 1950s ?
