  it really would be a catastrophe . 
  the amount of stupid in this post ... 
   no reason to support wine then , is it ? 
  no reason to support growing in arid areas.sothern spain and greece , no more subsidies . 
  that 's what i 'm saying , it 's not production subsidies , it 's environmental sustainability payments . 
  things like ensuring water does n't leak in irrigation and cause water stress on the surrounding area thanks to this inefficiency of water usage . 
  it can still be economically sustainable to have leaky irrigation and farm off of that , but it does n't mean that it 's best for the surrounding country side . 
   second , i noticed that you did n't address the fact that the subsidies leads to rising food prices . 
  how can that be justified ? 
  why should i pay more for my food ( twice , since i first pay their salary ) , particularely now . 
  also , that keeps the 3rd world farmers out of our market . 
  it 's justified because stability in food prices is more important . 
  you only have to look at some bad harvest years ( such as 2008 ) to see the problems that happen . 
  that 's why food security is important , if basic stable produce rises significantly in price , it can cause serious stress on poorer families in even rich countries like sweden and the uk . 
  [ wheat rose by 120 % percent in price on world markets in 2008 , prompting rioting and looting in a number of cities and towns across the globe . 
  ] ( http://articles.cnn.com/2008-04-14/world/world.food.crisis_1_food-aid-food-prices-rice-prices?_s=pm:world ) the whole point is to ensure price stability over a long period , not best prices now . 
   why is it necessary then , particularely to the levels that they have ? 
  i 'm sorry , what do you object to ? 
  you still have n't demonstrated that you have any knowledge of how the cap money is spent and on what . 
   you are not addressing the corruption then you still have n't told me of any corruption  the eu budget has n't been ok for 17 ( !!! ), 
  years source ? 
   second , being swedish i actually think our farmers were more adjusted to the world market before we entered the eu , and we did not pay more subsidies . 
  do you know anything about how much swedish farmers get in subsidies , and how those are composed ? 
   i never said that it was n't . 
  it is just that if we focus on avoding starvation , we should focus on growing calorie rich food , in the most advantegous areas . 
  that means , that we should not grow ( a lot ) in arid areas , we should not support wine at all ( since wine is not a necessity for survival ) , in fact , it would probably be wiser to tear down those wine yards and plant potoes/onions or something similar . 
  we should also not support beef to the way that we are doing , and above all , we should focus on being effective + 100 more things that would be necessary . 
  none of that is happening right now , so basically we can remove the argument that we are doing this to avoid starvation eu agricultural production is , more or less , spot on with consumption . 
  if the rest of the world were to disappear , we 'd be able to have pretty much the same food we do now . 
   other critiscism i have against that cap is that one of the arguments for its existance is that is to support smaller farms . 
  in fact , the cap hurts small farming , since it focuses on output , so economies of scale are rewarded . 
  incorrect . 
  [ the eu makes direct payments to farmers based on their land , not on their output . 
  economies of scale do n't play into it . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/single_payment_scheme )  another critiscism is that the cap support oversupply . 
  every years , million tonnes of whatever is purchased byt the eu to a guaranteed price - no effective market . 
  parts of it is then exported with subsidies which is one of the many ways that the eu harms 3rd world farmers , who do n't get these subsidies . 
  incorrect . 
  the years of those surpluses have been gone for a while now , thanks to the decoupling of subsidies and production . 
  furthermore , the eu has made a commitment to remove export subsidies by 2013 ( and indeed , today it 's only 350 million euros where not so long ago it was in the multiple billion euro area ) . 
   and do n't get me started about the cotton subsidies ... . 
  pretty much gone , as per requirements of the agreement on agriculture of the wto . 
  seriously , how fucking old is your information ? 
  1993 or something ? 
   so you have any support for your claim that the 2 % of the eu budget that is going to wine , is going to eco wine ? 
  i did n't say it was going to eco wine , i said it was there to promote environmental sustainability ( such as water management and so on ) . 
  a significant portion of the cap money goes towards this , it 's not tied to production in any way , and it 's available to most agricultural producers in the eu . 
  listen , i 'm from australia . 
  we hate the cap because it fucks with our exports . 
  i moved to the eu a few years back , studied and wrote a masters thesis about the cap . 
  i went into it expecting to come out with justification for its removal , and instead i found that it was actually the least-bad outcome in terms of managing agricultural policy if it were to be on an eu or national level . 
  i do n't like it , but i understand the justification for it being there and why it is actually necessary . 
  ok , so your proposal is ; 1 . get rid of the decoupled farm payments so that most farmers go out of business , rural towns get fucked up , a huge surge of unemployment in the cities , and we lose food security . 
  get rid of environmental sustainability payments so that we fuck up the environment instead of paying a tiny part of the eus gdp trying to keep the landscape broadly pristine . 
  ok , gotcha , great plan genius . 
  food security is part of multifunctionality you dolt . 
  that 's why i was giving you short answers , so that you can read up on them to actually understand from the standpoint of some kind of conceptual framework rather than keep on ranting about a subject you 're wholly ignorant about . 
  you never explain how it 's corrupt , you never explain why the 2 % goes to supporting vinyards ( environmental sustainability mostly , by the way , but i guess that kind of shoots down your ridiculous argument ) , and you never once propose any kind of reasonable way of getting out of it ( because there is n't one , the cap is unfortunately necessary at the moment - the cfp on the other hand ... ), 
  itt : a bunch of people that do n't understand the cap at all , how it works , why it works as it does , and what the money goes on and instead just follow what sensationalist headlines tell them to think . 
  do n't say that too loudly , the catalans are uppity this days !, 
  am i correct in assuming you 're almost entirely uneducated about the subject , and instead are just spouting unsubstantiated populist rhetoric ? 
  not entirely correct , decoupled payments are likely to continue for another few decades at least . 
  there have already been commitments to phase out export subsidies , and aside from environmental sustainability subsidies , there 's nothing else really that 's able to be cut . 
  you can call it whatever you want . 
  the fact is , it 's there in part for political reasons and in part through multifunctionality . 
  yes , but that ignores the political realities of the situation . 
  multifunctionality . 
  i 'd say the roma need it far more than either of them . 
  that 's not going to be reduced at any time in the next 30 years . 
  slovenia is pretty much already there . 
  there a re a number of poorer areas in italy . 
  what most brits seem to always forget is that they had a clause entered in saying at they 'd never have to join the euro . 
  not that they 'd work on it if and when they were ready or saw it as properly functioning like every other non-euro country except denmark , but a straight off ` fuck you , we do n't want to ' . 
  the uk has n't ` believed ' in ` europe ' since before they bloody joined !, 
   have n't you heard about the concept of `` national debt ? '' . 
  it 's when politicians are making the people owe more money than they can possibly repay , without asking for ( direct ) consent from every single citizen . 
  well now you 've established you have no idea at all of the concept of national debt , or of democratic mandate . 
  good day . 
  wow . 
  not a single fucking thing you wrote there was correct . 
  what ` predatory lending ' ? 
  you 've clearly demonstrated you have no clue as to international debt markets . 
  your next paragraph about the greeks and some kind of mythical leader makes no sense whatsoever either . 
  the third sentence is just as much of a fantastical mess , i do n't know where you 're getting this garbage from . 
  i 'm not even going to bother commenting on the last paragraph , but you sound like a teenager that 's just gotten into politics and has the world sorted out . 
  that , or a supporter of golden dawn . 
  this is the most important thing . 
  the entire war was a mess of constantly shifting alliances and atrocities by all sides . 
  it 's far too simplistic to just say ` serbs did it !, 
  ' , they all dicked around way too much over there ( with the exception of slovenia ) . 
  that said , i would put the blame on serb shoulders a little more than bosnian or croat . 
  do n't want to be an academic , studies have shown that those with a phd tend to earn less money than those with just a masters , and wanted to diversify a bit . 
  it 's not uncommon for people in europe to study until they 're 27-29 . 
  knowledge based economy and whatnot . 
  or how they say ` yacket ' or ` sheck ' or the ever popular swedish nonsensical phrase , ` it does n't taste much ' . 
  wondering where he disappeared to . 
  it depends on the country , but in general i 'd say that there are no stipends for non-eu grad students , or specifically for grad students full stop . 
  i 'm an aussie that 's done masters degrees in two different european countries . 
  i agree with quotas . 
  change is glacial , generational , in such areas .
