  this is a wildly optimistic statement . 
  in my experience , governments can play games around issues like these for a very long time . 
  spend 15 years talking about negotiating an exit and setting up a free trade deal , only for another call for a referendum . 
   i see you are arguing that russia lacked a strong and consistent foreign policy because they used their energy supplier statute as leverage . 
  that was n't my argument . 
  they lack a strong and consistent foreign policy * precisely * because they keep jeopardizing long-term foreign policy objectives such as sustained trade , trust with neighbours over deals , and so on , to win in small ` games ' as they come up . 
  they cut off gas supplies to estonia over them relocating a soviet era bronze statue . 
  they have played havoc like this many times , because when putin gets into a tiff with someone he instructs the foreign ministry to act on it according to how he can win that ` game ' in particular , ignoring long term ones . 
  and since the foreign ministry is n't strong enough to tell putin that it 's a stupid idea ( or it 's incompetently staffed , but i tend strongly towards the former ) , he keeps on damaging long-term foreign policy goals to win . 
  with respect to the sco , i stand by the fact that they did not need to bring it up there as the world already knew that those two breakaway states were de-facto under russian patronage and protection , and that it was a blunder by russia to bring it up . 
  but we 're just going to have to agree to disagree . 
  on syria , the port is their * only * port in a non-exsoviet country . 
  losing it would be a huge blow to russia , not for strategic reasons , but because it would signal that russia is losing influence around the world . 
  regardless of how much of total russian arms exports , it 's still a big chunk of a very sensitive and important russian industry . 
  russia wants to continue selling them , as many countries are already aligned with , and would only buy from , the west . 
  losing syria would lead to a permanent loss for one of the largest job creators and economic drivers in russia . 
  syria is the seventh largest arms purchaser from russia . 
  and the fact is that the opposition controls most of the country side and highways through which the weapons would need to be transported through . 
  it 's not about where they are , it 's about how they transport them out of there . 
  as it stands , russian armoured convoys backed by syrian army troops have to drive cross country to a port for them to be loaded onto ships . 
  plenty of opportunity for some kind of attack . 
  i 've corrected many of your ridiculously bullshit as buggery complaints about the cap , especially those to do with the wine industry , in the past yet you continue to mention it at every occasion . 
  why do you keep bringing up misinformation , despite me repeatedly calling you out for it ? 
  hell , the majority of your arguments about the eu have been bullshit and you 've been corrected on them many times ( by both myself , and others ) , but you keep trawling out the same idiocy . 
  possibly ` pushed ' into sick leave ? 
   give me an example of russia foreign policy being short termed , or unpredictable . 
  for me it 's quite simple why they asked that in the sco and did n't even push too much for them . 
  they did n't care about getting it recognized , they just wanted to let the world know they intend on considering the two countries as sovereign and will protect their interests . 
  playing energy politics . 
  as a consequence , norway has overtaken russia as the chief supplier of gas in 2013 , and lng import terminals are springing up all over europe , let alone most of the east building up alternative energy sources ( fracking in poland , shale in estonia , etc ) . 
  this is as a response to russia using energy as a foreign policy tool in almost every dispute . 
  as to the sco , central asia and china are immensely important to russia . 
  bringing it up at the sco was a huge fuck you to all of them . 
  so just in the instance of the sco , they damaged relations with strategic partners and lost prestige for zero benefit . 
  the world knew russia was backing those states , there was no need for a declaration at the sco . 
  as to syria , it was more than just keeping out western and gulf interests in syria . 
  syria is a major purchaser of russian arms , and furthermore it 's the site of russias only foreign military base not in ex-soviet territory . 
  the second assad is out of power and chaos is in the area , russia is going to have to evacuate . 
  with respect to it not costing anything , they * have to send russian personnel into a country in which the opposition controls most of the country and hates russia for supporting assad * . 
  second , i do n't think that everything is predicting assad will win , everything i 've seen seems to indicate deadlock . 
   so you do n't see the purpose of russia going to sco and asking them to recognize abkhazia and south ossetia ? 
  i understand why if they went there and got the outcome they wanted , it would be good for them . 
  but they went to an organization and asked for something * that was fundamentally against the ideas of that organziation * . 
  it 's like going to the wto and calling for more trade restrictions - you 'll get laughed out of there for being a moron . 
  syria was n't a russian diplomatic victory , it was a pr victory . 
  they * lost * with syria . 
  obama did n't want to be dragged into there , but knew he 'd have to else america would look weak for not responding to syria crossing over a ` red line ' . 
  russia was posturing the entire time telling them not to attack syria , but knew they could do nothing to stop it if they did , and certainly would n't retaliate over the issue . 
  the only way for russia to get what it wanted ( keep the assad regime in power a bit longer ) was to cooperate with the us and help with the chemical weapon situation , something they would 've preferred not to even have to deal with . 
  so now russia has to use it 's resources and personnel to remove the chemical weapons in what is essentially a war zone , just so that the us would n't attack . 
  this is far from an enormous win for russia . 
  the us did n't want to attack , but knew it would have to . 
  russia did n't want the us to attack and so to stop it they had to give in . 
  both parties got what they wanted , but it cost russia more . 
  as to your comment about cold blooded and calculated - yes , over short term gains . 
  but they lose out in the long term , as i said , because they do n't have a foreign policy culture . 
  china is very predictable in how it acts diplomatically . 
  countries in the west , in general , are very predictable in how they act . 
  and this builds stability and trust in the international system that lets countries know that deals will be honoured , and that there 's a point to discussions . 
  russia is not predictable . 
  it 's a wild card , that plays each new diplomatic situation as if it 's a one off game , instead of seeing it as a series of games that are all related to eachother . 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't know what to say except that i think you 're wrong . 
  following the russian-georgian war , russia went to the shanghai cooperation organization ( basically a mini-nato of russia , central asian countries , and china ) to ask for international recognition of abkhazia and south ossetia . 
  the countries in the sco pretty much laughed russia out of there - why would you go to an organization in which one of the highest principles is territorial integrity , and ask them to support you destroying the territorial integrity of another country ? 
  russian foreign policy is absolutely filled with diplomatic gaffes such as those , and it 's not some cold calculated fantastic foreign policy that they have - it 's a short to short-medium term thinking based off of bully power , misunderstood personal and country relationships , and zero nuance . 
  that 's why i made the point about the foreign ministry and needing to develop an institutional culture that can safeguard the long-term interests of russian foreign policy and fight off the top job when they want to compromise long term foreign important interests in favour of short term power plays . 
  frankly , their foreign policy is a joke centered around the whims of putin instead of what is actually good for the country . 
  i posted why [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1wgeto/putin_calls_for_trade_zone_for_eu_and_eurasian/cf2moes ) . 
  in my case at least , it 's because russian bureaucracy ca n't be trusted , and russia can not be trusted to keep trade deals . 
  they have violated a number of wto laws , if not in practice ( though this is likely ) then in spirit , already with respect to eu member states and the ukraine with bans on imports of lithuanian and other countries goods . 
  then there 's the constant bullshit excuses they use when piping gas and they want some political leverage in the winter . 
  until russian foreign policy catches up to the 21st century and its foreign ministry establishes itself a proper institutional culture insulated from the whims of the top job then there is simply not a shred of credibility that can be given to russian agreements . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not a russophobe - i supported , for example , the intervention in georgia in the past . 
  but having studied russian foreign policy intensively , and as i 've commented in the past , they do n't have a foreign policy , they have a foreign catastrophe that constantly eats away at the trustworthiness of russian promises . 
  yep . 
  i met a polish guy a few months ago that started complaining about muslims and how they 're taking over the west * in krakow * , far from the most islamic of cities . 
  i 'd hazard he 'd never even met a muslim . 
  sure , but i was n't speaking about this case due to not having read into it extensively , i was responding to the poster above . 
  regardless , how do you determine ` distorting or ignoring outright facts ' ? 
  let 's say a poll is done over an issue . 
  30 yes , 35 no , 35 undecided . 
  is it distorting or ignoring facts to say have a headline saying ` only 35 % disagree with the policy ' if your editorial political bias is to agree with the policy ? 
  and if they print something incorrectly , they can easily just claim a typographical error and that the complaints department is a mess that they 're committed to fixing . 
  people earlier were calling for stricter oversight of newspapers with respect to such issues , i 'm just trying to point out how complicated they can be . 
  they 're very good also , and some of their interviews are top notch . 
  when you say ` cheap ' for yorkshire , do you mean things do n't cost much , or that they 're tightarses ? 
  it 's always clear who has touched europa universalis and who has n't in these threads . 
  that game has given me the geographical knowledge to impress many people throughout the years . 
  when you say freely , do you mean ` for free ' or ` readily accessible ' ? 
  because if the latter , then the economist ( if you learn to neutralize their editorial slant ) , le monde diplomatique , foreign affairs for broad geopolitical information . 
  if you want anything more in depth , you need to start looking at narrower sources such as eurasianet.org for central asia , or what have you . 
  but in general , the broader the coverage of geopolitics , the worse the information . 
  fortunately . 
  well , i certainly agree with parts of your posts , particularly in the change of how ` freedom of the press ' is being abused and the worrying rise of the power of the media . 
  hell , us aussies know ourselves that the rich make flagrant attacks on media editorial control to skew them to their own interests with gina rinehart . 
  but there 's no such thing as ` true information ' , as the truth has to be put into a narrative for the news article , and that narrative can be skewed one way or another . 
  the guy makes posts a bnp supporter would be proud of , it does n't surprise me he does n't know dick about what 's going on . 
  30 % is just those that support euromaidan . 
  you can support the removal of janukovych without supporting euromaidan . 
  stratfor is known as a bit of a joke in academic circles , but their articles do provide some background/run-down of events that can be time consuming to track down yourself .
