  wow , i had no idea jamie oliver was attending the negotiations and knew what they were proposing with respect to food !, 
  he 's more of an influential and connected guy than i thought he was !, 
  he does n't believe scrutiny of big deals is a bad thing . 
  he says scrutiny of the negotiations of big deals is a bad thing . 
  i did n't realise you had such intimate knowledge of the level of access that us and eu companies have to the negotiations . 
  you know that eu companies lobby as well , right ? 
  you 'll also get cheaper consumer goods . 
  except in this case , both parties are doing the same thing . 
  i highly doubt that . 
  canada 's health services are doing fine under nafta . 
  people always think these treaties have considerably more scope and power than they actually have . 
  proposals are a case of throwing shit at the wall and seeing what sticks . 
  there 's twenty times more batshit crazy stuff that gets proposed than reasonable proposals that actually makes it into the final document . 
  you know what leaked ? 
  proposals . 
  it 's far from a finalized document . 
  living in poland , there 's still quite a bit of antisemitism here . 
  if he has n't actually done anything with them yet , there 's no need for him to be punished . 
  quick , scour the internet for gypsy articles !, 
  you could always try and talk him out of it , he seems like a bit of a lost dropkick to be honest . 
  the negotiators tend to be public servant lawyers and assisted technically by an army of professional economists and the like . 
  they 're the civil service , not career politicians ( though one or two might be around to supervise , but rarely get into the nitty gritty . 
  you think no country should make any kind of agreement with the us because of these nefarious ` lobbyists ' ? 
  i did n't realized you had privileged access to the negotiations that made you such an authority so as to say that that 's what our politicians want . 
  yeah , and 29 different countries plus the eu will vote on the finalized document to determine if it should be put into force , and they * all * have to agree for that to happen . 
  so people still vote , it 's just negotiated in secret to prevent it being more of a lobbyist clusterfuck than it already is . 
  i can just picture the media campaigns by major companies spreading fud trying to get their bullshit into the agreement if it was all done under public scrutiny . 
  exactly . 
  people seem to have some bizarre utopian idea of how things should be done . 
  guess what , there are n't always good options , there 's just least bad ones . 
  christ , you people are against something that has n't even finished being negotiated yet ? 
  you both have zero idea of what will be in the finalized agreement , but you 're both already assigning all the worst possible characteristics to and seeing that as the end state of the document ? 
  yeah , it 's not very good ... 
  smart move . 
  they know fracking is politically toxic . 
  i 'd be curious under what level they 'd have jurisdiction anyway , given the subsidiarity principle, 
  as a rough guess , they 'll tend to be the more educated and globally minded britons, 
  do you mind giving a run down of what happened there for those that do n't closely follow romanian politics ? 
  i can see how that would be dodgy as fuck . 
  ah , thanks for the info . 
  yeah , i can see how that can be pretty troubling . 
  are there any plans for compensation packages ? 
  the dutch have one of the ten largest gas fields on the planet , the groningen gas field . 
  russian long term gas contracts with europe are on no-resale clauses , but if they buy it on spot markets it 's possible . 
  there are some plans for some lng terminals in wilhelmshafen , but nothing started yet . 
  but poland has a gargantuan lng import terminal that 's expected to be completed at the end of the year and can supply fifty percent of polish gas needs ( cost is similar to what it already pays to russia, 
  from my understanding , the earthquakes are rather minor and have n't done any serious property damage . 
  is that the case ? 
  my god , the comments in that article . 
  are people really that stupid ? 
  he seemed to only make arguments usingt fud , so it 's not surprising he lost . 
  ah , i thought he meant in general . 
  ok , in that case i can understand his position . 
  one woman , in one role !, 
  you realise that what you wrote has absolutely zero to do with the question being asked ? 
  you 're just ranting against germany . 
  oh , they 're big fans of those crazy montagsdemonstration people . 
  german anonymous site ? 
  like i said , it does n't even have to eventuate . 
  they just have to make a lot of very serious noise about it . 
  the germans already have good relations regardless of what happens because russia pays them off against the rest of europe . 
  what 's up with the north west ? 
  good to see the poles are sensible though . 
  here 's a possibility ; talk seriously about creating an eu wide energy market , or perhaps even just an ` energyzone ' , to rip off euro terminology . 
  it would have to be a german-based initiative , make a big and constant ruckus about it . 
  collective bargaining for russian gas , instead of the separate islands where each country has to negotiate gas separately with russia and which include no-resale clauses meaning countries typically have to order more than they need and eastern countries get shafted , whilst germany benefits with cheap prices through putins divide and conquer strategy , would be a great way to send a message . 
  talk over such a union does n't even have to lead to anything , it just has to be serious enough to show putin that germany is no longer fucking around any more with sanctions that mean nothing , as it has been in the past . 
  if such talks did eventuate , particularly with a deal reached , it would send a clear indicator to russia that germany is willing to sacrifice a smidgeon of it 's economic muscle to severely jeopardize russia 's medium-long term fiscal security given that gazprom alone currently provides around 20 % of the russian states revenue , the overwhelming majority of that from europe and would represent a serious blow to his plans for russia . 
  from there , putin will have to find a way to save face with the russian public , but that should n't be overly difficult given his control over the media and hence public opinion . 
  a token deal with ukraine could be blown wildly out of proportion to the public and presented as a great deal for russia . 
  discontinuing talks of the energyzone could be a possible reward for russia 's cooperation ( i doubt the german elite would agree to it anyway ) , and would basically allow for a quick reset of european-russian relations , albeit with eastern europeans still very wary of russian motives . 
  jesus , you still think western poland and kaliningrad are german ? 
  that 's not the case at all . 
  for example , bribing people in another country is punishable in the home country as well in most cases . 
  you clearly have zero understanding of the concepts you 're referring to . 
  of course . 
  which we could do through the courts , rather than revoking their passports - bypassing the judiciary and being done by the executive which acts as judge , jury , and executioner . 
  so you 're saying that we should punish people that we do n't even have the evidence to prove they 've done something wrong beyond reasonable doubt ? 
  if you were accused of murder , would you be fine with having your passport revoked instead of going to court ? 
  100sek says they were sd supporters . 
  i think that 's way too charitable interpretation of anglela ` do the easiest thing ' merkel . 
  true , but implicit in that is that it 's an action of detente with russia . 
  she has something in the works , and if she 's reinforcing russia 's position in this way then it 's probably not going to be favourable for ukraine . 
  nope , it was this one : www.osw.waw.pl/sites/default/files/commentary_132.pdf edit : reread it , i may have oversold it a little bit but it 's still a very good report . 
  this is for the sake of germany , not the eu . 
  all this can do is create a schism between eastern and western states , as has been happening since the start of the crisis . 
  this is exactly it . 
  ukraine always had the option of joining either , but the people pretty roundly objected to the russian bloc . 
  her restating this is just an effort at detente at the expense of ukraine , probably leading to assistance to ukraine in exchange for them joining the customs union . 
  i 'm 95 % certain it was from the centre for eastern studies in warsaw , alas i 'm on my ipad and the battery is almost dead . 
  i 'm sure someone knows how to do a search of that places website on this subreddit to find the article . 
  there was a truly brilliant analysis of the german leaderships method of dealing with russia , and he reasoning why , by a polish think tank posted in this subreddit a few months ago . 
  i wish i could find it . 
  probably the best submission this subreddit has ever had . 
  yep . 
  complete and utterly despicable capitulation and lack of leadership from germany . 
  pathetic . 
  they 're the premier economy and de facto leader of the eu . 
  fucking act like it . 
  the sad thing is , some four years ago i was a fan of merkel , making some difficult decisions for the sake of the eu .
