  is that really the case though ? 
  i mean , most mps do n't even read the bills that they vote on . 
  they know what your average voter wants ( job , reasonable standard of living , etc ) . 
  they do n't know so much about the details that a company might want though . 
  because that would obviously incentivize bribery . 
  the police commissioner in victoria insisted on getting dark blue uniforms ( like those in new york ) so that they would seem more intimidating . 
  someone should 've told her the point of the police is n't to intimidate the citizenry . 
  mp pay is n't determined by the mps , but by an independent body . 
  i did n't claim to have a solution , but you seemed to claim there was no problem . 
  did i , or anyone else , say that ? 
  yep . 
  should civil war break out , there 's a * very slight * possibility poland would intervene , but the second russia involves itself poland would back off . 
  that would n't be covered under nato . 
  i take it you did n't read the article . 
   in 2007 , der spiegel reported a maximum of 130 prostitutes working in stockholm , compared to 5,000 in its smaller norwegian neighbor oslo ( which in 2009 , followed sweden 's ban with its own ) . 
  and while an estimated 600 women are believed to be trafficked into sweden every year , this number pails in comparison to the 15,000 trafficked annually to finland , a country with a population half the size . 
  it 's not just about two consenting adults selling/buying sex , it 's about the whole sex industry in general and the myriad problems it entails . 
  yes , but the anti-gay laws are fundamentally opposed to the olympic charter . 
  those other conferences and events , if he even attended any , may not have been based on similar principles . 
  there 's also quite a few in [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/xqve0/soviet_humour/ ) thread i submitted to askhistorians . 
  never thought i 'd see the day when a french person was insisting on a british accent ... 
  if russia busted in , there are no treaties that would protect the country . 
  but if the west went in at the same time as russia , it 's another thing entirely , and i doubt the us would risk a potential nuclear confrontation over the place . 
  i did n't label all opponents of nuclear power , i was labeling the german green movement as being predominantly filled with those . 
  the party i have the closest affinity with , the australian green party , is also anti-nuclear . 
  but they , i know , have at least spoken to a number of different experts in the field and came to the conclusion that it was too dangerous . 
  i have also spoken to a number of experts , and came to different conclusions . 
  that 's fine . 
  but most of the german ` atomkraft , nein danke ' , and the german green movement in general have no fucking idea what they 're talking about . 
  iter is about more than just trying to get a step closer towards fusion , scientists will also have access to it to do experiments . 
  the potential experiments just in plasma physics alone would probably make the thing worthwhile . 
  newer designs of nuclear power plants ( 4th generation ) create significantly less waste than current reactors , and which can also make use of prior waste . 
  it can also reduce the half life of the waste to merely the hundreds of years , than the tens of thousands . 
  as technology progresses , maybe even that can be lowered . 
  regardless , i see nuclear as the preferable alternative to fossil fuels and i think we need to use all methods available to combat climate change . 
  germany 's switch to coal from nuclear was a step backwards . 
  mind you , i 'm not naive enough to think this would definitely work , but i think the benefits of pursuing this course of action outweigh the risks . 
  you certainly do know how to be provocative , do n't you !, 
  trappist ales are certainly some of my favourite in the world , but there are just so many amazing new beers coming out lately that i ca n't really agree . 
  there 's a lot of variation between the trappist beers for quality ( for example la trappe is considerably poorer than rochefort ) . 
  and the new innovative beers that are coming out , for example , i once had a mikkeller tequila barrel aged stout that was absolutely fantastic , are easily challenging the trappist ones . 
  if it did get that far ( civil war ) , i can all too easily see russia stepping in . 
  poland would be tempted to react , but would never get the backing of the rest of the eu and it would n't be a nato operation . 
  an escalation then , perhaps ? 
  those berkut have seemed pretty sociopathic in the videos i 've seen , after the last few days of them being screamed at by protesters and had things thrown at them , i can see them having a big violent push to try and disperse them . 
  the official stance is that there 's no medium term benefit to iter , and that the money would be better funded on renewables . 
  from when i 've spoken to egp supporters , however , they only do n't like it because ... 
  i dunno , some utopian thing where one wind turbine will power a whole city , and how radiation is scary . 
  here is an interesting article ( and subsequent discussion ) about [ salvia ] ( http://tap-the-talent.blogspot.com/2009/07/more-appeasement-from-american.html ) . 
  i know blogs are hardly the most credible source , but there seems to be precious little else to go on . 
  my only explanation is that the cold war ended , he had nowhere else to go , and they were the only ones that would accept him and give him a nice salary through his think tank . 
  but i 've seen a number of articles from there in the past , they 're all as i described . 
  you 're mistaken . 
  [ it 's a kyiv based anti-nato , anti-eu , anti-west organization ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1sbgkn/yanukovich_is_right_to_insist_on_a_fair_deal_for/cdvvq32 ), 
  to be fair , the ec did try and stop it . 
  the president of the council of europe famously stated ` this is the hour of europe , not the hour of the americans . ', 
  with that in mind , the ec helped to broker the brioni accord which brought peace to the area after initial hostilities kicked off , and which arguably helped to keep slovenia out of the worst of the fighting . 
  unfortunately , europe was famously divided with how to deal with the crisis , with germany being for national determination , but spain , france , italy and the uk being for the continuation of yugoslavia . 
  the failure of the ec there is what eventually lead to the cfsp . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's not reasonable , nor rational . 
  but , y' know , nationalism and all that jazz . 
  plus , i heat it 's exacerbated in the baltics because many of the ethnic russians that refuse to learn the local languages and complain and say that things were better before . 
  it 's an explicit policy of the european green party . 
  they 're against nuclear fusion technology as well , as with iter . 
  yeah , well , as far as regular commenters go i 'd say it 's at least half-half , if not in favour of eurosceptics . 
  and they have a tendency to group up together and downvote en masse . 
  but it 's amusing to see you also downvoting my post . 
  no , that 's not what i said . 
  first , they 're a party based off of feelings rather than based off of evidenced based policy , as the australian greens are . 
  second , they want to eliminate funding for an experimental fusion reactor ( you know , the thing that 's supposed to give us massive amounts of cheap ecological energy ) because they want the money put into renewables instead . 
  third , they do n't have any understanding about most of the things they took about . 
  kind of analogous to afd which has many professionals in it , but as i 'm given to understand zero professionals involved in high finance . 
  there are more problems with the party , but there you go . 
  regardless , it 's clear what perspective you have when you say ` finally want to stop nuclear powerplants ' . 
  feels based , rather than evidence based , policy . 
  those with a virulent fear of technology , particularly anything containing the word ` nuclear ' . 
  the only word in their vocabulary is ` renewables ' . 
  since shutting down nuclear in germany , and switching to renewables , they 've had to open up new coal generators to make up for the lost baseload power in nuclear ( and even then , on occasion , they import nuclear from france ) . 
  aside from being against nuclear power within the eu , one of the policies of the european greens is to remove funding for iter , the international thermonuclear experimental reactor . 
  this is a project in scope along the lines of the large hadron collider , the thing is supposed to cost about 15-20 billion euros and is going to be probably * the * single most advanced fusion ( ha ) of science and engineering currently on the planet . 
  it will do wonders for ensuring the eu remains ahead of the game in both fields . 
  they want to get rid of it because it has the word ` nuclear ' in there , and they think the money would be better spent just plastering the european landscape with wind and solar , despite the fact that it 's just not feasible with current electricity grids to have more than , on average , about 30 % penetration of both of those . 
  berlin greens are basically slacktivists , ideologues that have just become interested in politics , and socialists of the 1945-1989 eastern europe variety . 
  sure , there are some reasonable people in there but they 're either those that have nowhere else to go , do n't understand the myriad problems facing the green party , or just vote green because it 's green . 
  but by and large , they 're more naive ( and ignorant ) about the topics they 're discussing than a concussed kitten with down syndrome . 
  oh , go off and delete your old posts or something . 
  it 's a pity that the european greens are infested with berlin-style greens . 
  yeah , i was n't suggesting the uk would want federalization of the eu . 
  i was responding to his point that the uks political culture and interests are too different . 
  there is a lot of overlap between uk interests and other members interests , it 's not as if the uk is sitting outside with a completely different opinion to everyone else . 
  is n't it scotland ? 
  bizarre that an outright fact got downvoted . 
  nothing offensive about it mate . 
  i also think there could be considerably more done to make the eu more democratic , and have my doubts on the democratic nature of most western liberal-democratic countries . 
  but by the measure of other western libdems , i do n't think the ec is terribly undemocratic . 
  gon na start calling me a perker ? 
  just a statement of fact , it 's not name calling . 
  are you going to tell me that all of a sudden you love muslims , that you have n't told me to ` go back to where i came from ' , nor referred to me as an ` outsider ' despite being an eu citizen , that you do n't support xenophobic policies , that you 're not anti-immigrant , amongst many other things ? 
  because i 'm certain i can find quotes of yours for all of these ( unless you 've deleted them ) .
