  but with every newspaper talking about the eurocrisis , of course people are against joining it ... * now * . 
  in 2003 the vote was 56 % against . 
  i do n't think swedes are as against the euro as you think , they 're just against the euro * right now * . 
  mps have said similar things in australian parliament , and in rural areas of australia the same could be said about ` tolerance ' of gays . 
  it 's only really relatively recently that gays have been getting full equality all over the world . 
  i do n't think it 's particularly fair to condemn poland for that , particularly given it 's poorer nature . 
  sorry mate , i was living for two years in krakow where i met a number of gay people that said that they 'd never experienced homophobia any worse than you 'd see in a ` western ' school at the time . 
  once they 'd gotten to university , all of that pretty much stopped . 
  you should get your facts checked . 
  i recommend you acquire one of these skills : http://www.immi.gov.au/skilled/_pdf/sol-schedule1.pdf applying under [ this ] ( http://www.immi.gov.au/skilled/general-skilled-migration/175/ ) greatly improves your chances of getting in . 
  edit this is a great resource too : http://www.reddit.com/r/australia/comments/hijrg/want_to_move_to_australia_great/, 
  exactly . 
  this is much more interesting than the standard ` interviews ' where the interviewee just talks about whatever they want . 
  very interesting article . 
  it looks like he 's trying to build some european confidence in his party as able to take a firm hand in helping resolve the crisis . 
  he 's definitely right in some aspects , particularly with regard to the importance of peoples mindsets - and it seems like he 's slowly building up enough confidence to be able to bring about some change and end this hellish facade that 's plagued europe for so long . 
  good economic indicators now does not mean the same thing as a good standard of living now . 
  this is why i like estonians , 
  this is a really silly question . 
  the point was about ignoring historical context . 
  as a result of dozens of generations of being treated like shit . 
  i guess if you were in the us you 'd be saying `` niggers just rob shit all the time and are useless '' , ignoring any historical context for crime rates or the wealth disparity ... 
  well , the calls for growth promoting measures have largely had at least some sway in endearing the southern population to more of a french leadership when it comes to tackling the crisis . 
  there 's actually concrete talk about something to improve their lot under hollande , rather than merely ` be spartan and claw your way through this and we 'll be good again '' . 
  ah , my point was that there is already widespread resentment about the way germany has been handling the greeks , meaning putting a more french face on the proposal is a necessity for it to be swallowed . 
  that 's why france , in this case , is equally as important as germany and at the moment they hold equal levels of power ( or it 's even tipped slightly in france 's favour i 'd say ) . 
  have you been reading some mancur olson ? 
  if so , then you 'd know that the ` stationary bandit ' also works to maximize revenues by maximizing wealth , and balancing the costs and benefits of a given public good to get the best return for themselves and the people being ` extorted ' by the stationary bandit . 
  pretty sure this is covered under 1 and the public good thing . 
  really , you seem to be a little bit of a naive anarchist . 
  a french vote is critical to any proposal the germans make , and both parties know it . 
  to those that downvoted me , i 'm just curious as to why you disagree with me . 
  i do n't give a shit about karma or anything like that , i 'm far more interested in your argumentation . 
  the germans benefit disproportionately from the euro compared to the other countries to a great extent . 
  it 's only realpolitik that they 'd continue trying to keep up a system that make them so competitive in manufacturing , and thus so wealthy . 
  nice try , kid . 
  downvote and move on , as they say . 
  as well as free travel ( which eats up a huge chunk of most people in london 's salaries , iirc correctly ) and frequent bonuses like this one because they 're just too vital to the city of london to mass fire and rehire were they to go on strike . 
  that 's why i said pay * and * benefits . 
  i 'm sorry friend , but until you actually know something about the subject of tube workers , how their union operates and their pay and benefits , i do n't see any point in continuing this discussion any further . 
  i meant tube workers , and they have the city of london by the balls every day . 
  their pay and benefits are absolutely fucking ridiculous compared to what they do . 
  edit oh look , i 'm not far off . 
  850 pounds a day just so that they continue doing their jobs as they normally should . 
  perfect time for the workers to call another strike unless they get 2000pound/day bonuses for the duration of the olympics !, 
  or rather , supranationalism . 
  it represents native english speakers better than just a plain monkey ? 
  downvote and move on , as they say . 
  what reason is that ? 
  what about the speech by the polish foreign minister calling for german leadership during the eurocrisis ? 
  that must 've been an interesting change from past polish-german relations . 
  if people did n't think i were trying to be edgy all the time , i 'd describe myself as a european first . 
  they 're practically finns , 
  jennifer government , anyone ? 
  use the australian system . 
  health care , police , primary and secondary education all belong to the state level , foreign affairs and defence to the federal level , although admittedly the federal has been slowly encroaching on state territory, 
  strongly in favour . 
  without it , europe will fall into being an uncompetitive backwater as it wo n't be able to compete with mega projects the likes of which china , india or the us can bring to bear . 
  sure , we 've had some success ( see cern ) , but just look at how much strain one crisis has put on our relationships with eachother . 
  furthermore , europe needs a strong collective voice in international negotiations ( such as the wto ) or instead we 'll end up in the worse negotiating position vis a vis china , india , us , russia , etc. 
  most of the arguments againt i 'm seeing are on nationalistic grounds , or on the grounds of ` fear of the institutions ' - emotional arguments , rather than rational . 
  croatia is in a good location , joining should speed up your country becoming ` normal ' . 
  it 's meant to be there so that there 's actually an incentive to hire younger people . 
  lived there two years : best : history , cheap , hearty food , lovely cities ( except warsaw ) , vodka , women worst : history , religious views , blind nationalism , old people , women . 
  i was on a tram once with some friends , an old grandma told us we were n't allowed to laugh because we were in a public place ... 
  kinda like ` the economist '' of the germanophone world . 
  the euro is a functionalists wet-dream, 
  perhaps it would be better for it to do it on the outside of the eu , rather than slowly and slowly becoming more reviled as an obstructionist player ? 
  as i recall , a few norwegian investment funds decided to invest ethically which meant pulling their money out of a number of israeli companies . 
  i think some swedish funds followed suit . 
  from wikipedia however : `` following the 2009 aftonbladet-israel controversy , in which a writer for swedish tabloid aftonbladet alleged that the idf harvested organs of palestinians , latmatv produced a clip a parody on abba 's song `` gim me , gim me , gim me a man after midnight '' entitled primi primi primitive and phlegmatic in which the swedish foreign minister sings about how primitive and cowardly he is . 
  the clip became a hit after it was quickly picked up by the leading newspaper in sweden , dn.se , and by swedish and norwegian bloggers . 
  the clip received many anti-israel as well as antisemitic and neo-nazi comments . 
  latma website director shlomo blass said , `` we were surprised by how quickly the clip took-off , we must have hit a sensitive nerve '' . 
  krakow , in poland . 
  it 's cheaper and less touristy than prague , but still in a very similar vein . 
  that was an extremely minor reason . 
  i think it was just a yoke . 
  it 's not meant to be about informed opinions , its meant to be about opinions in general . 
  wait , what did clinton do ? 
  that 's because the brits just like to bitch about shit . 
  a server at a restaurant made fun of me for asking which way the bathroom was . 
  apparently , saying `` excuse me '' and `` please '' in that sentence is enough to make people think you 're gay in aspen . 
  wow , poland was huge for a fair while of that . 
  the us is an entirely different can of worms by virtue of being completely fucked up . 
  that and also getting into a lot of expensive wars . 
  as to your second graph , think by how much the world population has increased since then . 
  it 's doubled since the beginning , yet hunger has stayed around the same . 
  that is earned . 
  the contract stipulated the hours , that is what should be worked and that is what they should earn . 
  there 's this thing called the ` wto ' and ` free trade ' that prevents that from happening . 
  that 's only the first problem . 
  the second is that that 's a fucking stupid idea , people are much richer now under free trade with better products than they ever were under protectionist regimes . 
  i imagine there 's some kind of deal here to stop refugees coming to europe . 
  everyone knows the facts . 
  what most people complain about is that constantly restating the facts isnt helpful in cases such as this because it 's not constructive . 
  quite the opposite in fact . 
  so what do you propose ? 
  it 's easy to criticise , not so easy to come up with solutions . 
  please do n't feed the idiot/troll .
