  for once , a country is holding companies to account over the whole ` well claim we need x amount , but everybody knows well need more ' bullshit of government tenders . 
  yep , in australia we had the redfern address in the 90s that stated that we were responsible for terrible things done to the aborigines , and the apology more recently for the stolen generations . 
  it 's a supply driven boom . 
  lng is growing at a rapid pace across the globe , it 's not just australia that that 's building up lng export capacity, 
  / u/gingor is still angry that the americans helped the austrians lose both world wars , so do n't take his criticisms too seriously . 
  so you mean , punish them for doing illegal things that they already get punished for ? 
  you 're describing the human condition , not religion in general . 
  you really will find any means possible to be a victim-by-proxy , wo n't you ? 
  yep . 
  if the west had gone in with some quick tomahawks and decapitated the command and control structure , the rebels would have won before any radicalization - and the people would 've been grateful for western assistance !, 
  instead , there 's this . 
  my wallet is set up now so that if i do n't have four cards in the frontmost cardholder slow , they 'll fall out . 
  i wish i had one card for everything . 
  thanks for the reply !, 
   i am a monarchist . 
  a constitutional monarchy with a weak parliament would provide the great benefits and stability a monarchy brings , wise rulers being educated their whole life to rule , while also giving rights to the common man . 
   our emperor was never anything but good for us austrians . 
  interesting . 
  out of curiosity , what 's your lot in life ( study , work , etc ) and in what field ? 
   i dislike them because they created wwii in the first place . 
  had they not interfered in wwi , we 'd have overrun the french , thereby extinguishing the shame of napoleon , and make our empires a tad bigger , and we 'd have stayed an empire instead of becoming a shitty democracy . 
  you do n't like democracy either ? 
  the us has fucked with our wars twice , they have bombed property of my family , they nearly killed my grandfather . 
  this is from / u/gingor in case he deletes it . 
  so you dislike the us because they were one of the main actors at stopping hitler , the holocaust , etc ? 
  i got 9 % for the bnp and 17 % for ukip . 
  the others were around 60 % up to 74 % for the libdems . 
  not until there 's a lasting palestinian solution . 
  as to whether it belongs in the eu ... that 's for wiser heads than mine . 
  how much are you willing to bet on that ? 
  if there is a referendum on that date , how about you vote ` in ' ? 
  it 's not used in the same way as in the uk , it 's generally used as an endearing term as opposed to the british one which is an insult . 
  that is , except for a certain type of wog characterized by hypermasculinity , expensive cars , gelled hair , stupidity , and a complete lack of respect for women . 
  [ here 's a stereotypical example ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f_gue72b8hi ), 
  nah , these days it definitely include lebanese and such as well . 
  it was originally just for dark skinned europeans , but has changed in recent years . 
  you said ` have n't they ever heard of elections ? ' . 
  that , in conjunction with your insistence that this is a proposal to have it mandatory , as opposed to optional , leads anyone to believe that you believe this is some eu conspiracy that 's attacking british sovereignty . 
  what do you mean by ` way less than we should ' ? 
  what 's not to like about that ? 
  why do n't you take some asthma medication before going running ? 
  that 's what i do . 
  true , though ` wogs ' is a term more for anyone on the med , i 'd say , than just southern europeans . 
  after all , those from the levant are wogs as well . 
  i presume you mean western from eastern ? 
  not really . 
  it 's pretty much british ( the homeland ) and europeans as a distinction , more than anything else . 
  take everything / u/xkenq says with a massive grain of salt , he 's a known nut-job on / r/europe, 
  i love how in this sub you get people that actually have actual inside knowledge of how things work . 
  have you * seen * his posts ? 
  i do n't think he 's very knowledgeable about reality , let alone economic growth . 
  because gas contracts are signed on a country-by-country basis in russia , and in that contract is a clause that means you ca n't resell russian gas . 
  the russians negotiate cheaper prices for western countries because then western countries will be less likely to go for a unified energy policy with respect to russian gas , and so russia has a lot more control over the east . 
  yeah , i 've spoken about this a lot with my estonian friends and they 're frustrated by the lack of convenience when they 're living in other countries because they ca n't do it . 
  they seem to be more left-wing , than right . 
  seems to be a smart plan . 
  would break the russian system currently set up that guarantees high prices for everyone . 
  australia is going to have an explosion in lng export capacity over the next few years ( they 're set to become largest lng producer in the world soon ), 
  during warm weather i run three times a week in the morning . 
  during cold i play floorball , tennis , and ski . 
  i watched the first 8 minutes . 
  he seems very naive and idealistic . 
  skipped through to a few parts after that , and then we come to the conspiracy theories about how the whole ukraine thing is caused by rich people wanting new markets , the constant anti-americanism ( which , i 'm taken to understand , has been very hip in germany for a while now ) , and aspects of anti-capitalism . 
  it 's garbage mate . 
  just as generic european immigrants . 
  there are no positive or negative associations . 
  it costs a * lot * of money to reorient all those gas fields away from europe and lay the new pipelines . 
  you know there are basque provinces in southern france as well , right ? 
  if i remember correctly , vitoria-gasteiz is even the most ` green ' city in europe . 
  oh no , not a shitstorm from the eu !, 
  but i do n't think most spaniards would want to go bloody over it , perhaps just make it as difficult as possible until they eventually break away . 
  no , but they have a decent head start . 
  yeah , it 's * exactly * the same . 
  yep , this just supports my argument . 
  born with . 
  charming . 
  even in australia , the us , etc , there are big differences in regional identity . 
  i 'm not saying that retarded argument that the states are as ` diverse ' , but there remains differences in regional identity . 
  just as czechs and slovaks remained different under czechoslovakia . 
  got any policy documents purporting to show that ? 
  or is it a conspiracy theory ? 
  i have dual nationality . 
  my parents are european . 
  i speak three european languages . 
  i 've been living in europe for over 5 years . 
  i 'd say i 'm pretty european . 
  you know you can have more than one identity right ? 
  like , given my european passport , and despite me being born in australia , i consider myself both an australian and a european . 
  no one can take that away from me , just as no one can take being czech away from you . 
  melburnian  european  australian, 
  pity , the discussion would have been interesting without those twats . 
  yep , [ confirmed ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/23l7x1/ukip_unveils_xenophobic_european_election/cgy9clf ), 
  i guess it stops being funny when you see it spammed in / r/ukpolitics over the last week at every opportunity . 
  i do n't think you quite know what barage means . 
  but given that you 're another likely 4chan troll , let 's leave this here eh ? 
  really , mate ? 
  first , that 's demonstrably false as the whole debacle in scotland showed , second it 's a stupid as hell phrase that contributes nothing . 
  no , of course not . 
  foreigners are taking up jobs in the uk , but it does n't follow that they 're english jobs they 're taking . 
  there 's a / pol / invasion of ukip supporters from 4chan brigading the uk subreddits , makes sense they 'd link to this as well .
