  i defended tobacco subsidies once on the basis that a good portion of them are in greece and greece is going through enough shit without putting more greeks out of business . 
  i support getting rid of them completely in the future . 
  as to the alcohol thing , i support a persons right to enjoy alcohol in moderation , something you oppose . 
  but very well . 
  i bear you no ill will , i 've up voted some of your posts in the past when you made good arguments . 
  so why do you believe what other people say about the cap , but not me ? 
  is it just because of the skogsbete ? 
  criteria is n't geography , it 's innovation !, 
  you think the eu is the only ` group ' opposing agricultural reform ? 
  the eu has supported agricultural reform in doha in a number of areas , but often it is countries like norway , switzerland , japan or sk , and in some cases even the us , that opposes the changes . 
  you think the only sticking point in doha is agriculture ? 
  shit , the british and the french have very experienced and well equipped armed forces , germany has a sizeable and brilliantly equipped self defence force , not to mention the other countries . 
  the eu outspends the only conceivable threat , russia , 3 to 1 . 
  even with the issue of cooperation and coordination , the eu would end up on top . 
  this is a very american response , and symbolic of why everyone has begun disliking and distrusting america ever since the cold war got rid of the boogeyman . 
  these countries repress islamic religious groups ( whether connected with terrorism or not ) routinely , they 're essentially brutal dictatorships if you 're not part of the in group ( one of the guys has built a cult of personality worse than those of north korea ) , there 's no press freedom . 
  is it terrorism , freedom fighting , tumbling a brutal regime or something else ? 
  it 's a terribly grey area . 
  i do n't see why ? 
  i 'm saying that there is a similar islamic culture around central asia as there is in the border regions of afghanistan and pakistan . 
  sarcastic4sshole mistook me saying that , as me saying it was wahabi islam . 
  i never said there were waziris in east turkestan , i said the type of islame they had there was similar . 
  such as the east turkestan islamic movement . 
  the urals run through kazakhstan , which is one of the five central asian countries . 
  the speech was in kazakhstan . 
  if kazakhstan is sufficiently ` european ' to join then the others are as well , so i do n't know why you 're saying the urals are nowhere near central asia . 
  sure . 
  but i think that the eu and the uk are good for each other and that the uk public , after decades of unfairly euro sceptic press , are woefully ignorant of how the eu functions , how much power the eu has and how much benefit the eu brings to the uk . 
  most arguments i 've heard from brits have been emotional arguments , rather than rational ones , against the eu . 
  i doubt a referendum would ever end the debate for euro sceptics about whether britain should be in the eu , there will be constant arguments about it . 
  much as the french , i think too many brits overvalue their countries importance on the global stage . 
  pooling sovereignty is n't a weasel word . 
  i think the uk should have an in out referendum . 
  i also think the british public should be properly educated about the eu by the media . 
  i do n't think either of them are likely to happen . 
  if your pollies lied to you to get you in , that 's not the fault of europe . 
  the british public should 've educated themselves or elected people who would n't lie to them . 
  regardless , it 's not losing sovereignty but pooling it . 
  pooling is the best way i 've heard it described . 
  the treaty of rome was in 1957 . 
  you guys signed up 20 years later . 
  it was never purely a free market enterprise . 
  the entire point of the eu is that nations pool their sovereignty . 
  i do n't see why you thought that would n't happen ? 
  it even says in the treaty of rome , ` ever closer union ' . 
  what did you think that meant ? 
  i could only see ` russia ' in if it were a few states in the west following the break up of russia . 
  copenhagen by a long shot . 
  stockholm is prettier , but copenhagen is a looot more fun . 
  i 'm almost trilingual . 
  i just have n't mastered any of my three languages yet . 
  psa to any swedes who read this : ` it does n't taste much ' is not a correct translation of ` det smakar inte mycket ' . 
  when you say ( about the food , lets say ) ` it does n't taste much ' , what you 're basically saying is that the food is n't experiencing much of a sense of taste . 
  a correct way to say it would be ` it does n't have much flavour ' , or , ` it 's bland ' . 
  the more you know . 
  that thing is a beast , very impressive . 
  because , you dolt , it 's implicit in the arrangement that the british get a rebate based off of what they would have lost on their cap contributions . 
  if the cap goes down , the rebate goes down . 
  the baltics managed . 
  the other guy that answered this post said pretty much exactly the same thing , but much more intelligently . 
  i responded to him . 
  yes . 
  ignoring that you ca n't just create wine in a factory - grapevines take years to be in a position where they can be in a position where they can be turned into wine . 
  then there 's issues of establishing a dominant market position and the like . 
  not to mention issues such as food security . 
  but you 're an absolute idiot that understands nothing about anything . 
  what ridiculous claims have i made ? 
  and you still should n't enter a another subreddit that you 've been linked to and interfere , it 's against rediquette . 
  i had a great deal more upvotes before you morons were linked to this . 
  you 're one of the morons from / r/shitstatistssay ? 
  maybe you should stay over there and not brigade . 
   since you are a racist lol !, 
  i suppose you have some quote , some proof , anywhere of this ? 
  i lived for two years in sweden , i have many swedish friends , my ex-girlfriend was swedish and i remember my time there very fondly . 
  but no , i 'm racist . 
  right . 
   the fact that something might be good , when it also have this enormous costs associated with them i said that a glass of red wine a night * is * a net benefit , not might be . 
  this is a pretty widely accepted medical fact , though with mild controversy . 
  yet , despite this , you support the restriction of the sale of red wine , and the greatly increased taxation on it . 
  i should be taxed higher , and have my access curtailed , because someone else is going to destroy their liver by drinking a bottle of vodka every night ? 
  i know there are costs and benefits with those substances . 
  you know a glass of red wine for you a day is a net health benefit , right ? 
  but you want to tax everything to oblivion , or remove people choices about what they put into their body . 
  very authoritarian of you . 
  the swedes have an alcohol monopoly called systembolaget . 
  it only sells alcohol 6 days a week for a few short hours . 
  for some reason , systembolaget is fine and not drinking wine is fine , but cap and drinking wine is wrong . 
  how about authoritarian and in-principle anti-democratic ? 
  do n't reference the german lack of humour , they 'll launch a downvote blitzkrieg . 
  i said that the decimation of the wine industry through the withdrawal of subsidies would destroy the reputation of european wine around the world , especially in developing countries , but whatever . 
  incidentally , nice of you to downvote everyone of my posts right after i make it . 
  i must be at what , -50 for you or something ? 
  that you 're equating the homogenization of crops with a comprehensive agricultural policy is just mind blowing . 
  you 're an idiot . 
  also , thanks for linking me to / r/shitstatistssay . 
  please try and brigade more . 
  thanks a lot , i was wondering where some of this idiocy was coming from . 
  agriculture is the exception because its vital to human survival . 
  in 2008 , there was a world food price crisis , a bunch or countries imposed export bans to keep down the cost of produce in their own countries ( and hence , maintain their regime/government ) . 
  with global warming , such events are only more likely to occur , and if europe doesnt have its own agriculture in place it might again experience famine .
