  there is literally zero chance the eurogroup did not know what it was doing . 
  this seems really counterproductive , and i 'd have to question for what reason you think they 're doing this . 
  the imfs remit is to get countries to finance their own debt . 
  they do that however they can . 
  they 'd prefer debt relief , but in the absence of that possibility ( thanks to the recalcitrance of eurozone members ) , they have to do what they can to achieve a budgetary surplus . 
  you 're right , i misspoke . 
  you ca n't divorce the two when you 're the finance minister . 
  [ patently not the case ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/29ligv/marina_albiol_guzman_from_the_spanish_party/cim3z17 ) . 
  sure , but they way he wanted to achieve that completely ignored factors outside greece - namely , how are various parliaments around europe that were struggling themselves during the eurozone crisis supposed to agree to write down their debt ? 
  let alone justifying that to their citizens in general . 
  the idea is correct , but you need to find a way to make it work in the real world . 
  he did n't want to work within the real world , he wanted to live in idealistic utopia land . 
  great , so let 's say it 's fine to be either as long as you do n't resort to violence or malicious provocation . 
  and yet right wingers do n't do provocative demonstrations in non islamic/darker skinned neighbourhoods . 
  til ` racist ' is a regressive left term , and not an actual thing . 
  again , proving my point - you just wan na defend racists . 
  probably because you are one . 
  own up to the label man , do n't be a coward . 
  so you 're saying the problems there are inherent to the ` race ' or religion ? 
  read any article from the uk 10 years ago about eastern european immigrants . 
  it 's amazing how far you have to stretch the obvious to defend racists . 
  that 's for much smarter heads than mine , and certainly much smarter than anyone else in this sub . 
  i notice the guy is n't calling for that in underprivileged crime ridden areas that are n't full of muslims/foreigners . 
  the guy above is literally talking about religion/race based deportations and supports illegal and violent protests . 
  how is that not being racist/fascist ? 
  not by vigilante violence and race/religion based deportations for one . 
  because , again , that goes towards the whole fascist/racist thing and is literally what was suggested above . 
  if you 're defending their statement , you 're not better than a fascist/racist either . 
  because all the things he was doing that were ` best ' for greece flew directly in the face of consensus economics . 
  the mental gymanstics of some of the right wingers on this sub should be enough to qualify them for the olympics . 
  the eu does n't dump agricultural produce . 
  they 're currently making about half the world steel production annually , and are set to cut about a quarter of that due to lack of demand . 
  how the rhetoric has changed compared to ten years ago ... 
  australia is at over a quarter . 
  i thought the reporter tried quite hard to just show their perspective and what they wanted , without getting too heavy on the moralizing . 
  an interesting piece , anyway . 
  good for you . 
  non brits are stakeholders as well , it 's absolutely valid for them to voice their opinions . 
  it helps brits get a full perspective on what brexit would entail , not just the immediate domestic effects, 
  i studied this topic ten years ago before brexit was the cards , wrote a rather lengthy paper on it . 
  i 'm sorry , but i disagree . 
  the eu is actually heavily invested in ni , and academics see it as a strong reason for why the peace process is going as well as it is . 
  as an example , they hand out community funds whose use has to be agreed by both the protestants and catholics before its disbursed , helping both sides understand the needs of the other . 
  please stay in this sub . 
  i 've almost lost hope in having reasonable people here . 
  you understand germany did n't violate them , they chose to suspend it for themselves . 
  that only impacts germany , other countries are free to deport back to the country of entry . 
  how is ` muslims are scary and do n't integrate ' not an appeal to emotion ? 
  i do n't know if you 've seen how pis operates , but their entire platform is appeals to emotion . 
  you understand that poland as a nation does n't refer specifically just to people that live in poland , right , or even people that were born in poland ? 
  i mean , all of a sudden poles living in the uk are n't poles anymore !, 
   those that fled in ww1 and ww2 mostly came back . 
  literally hundreds of thousands did n't . 
  and maybe when things finish in syria , many of them will want to return also ? 
  i think there 's a moral imperative as a result . 
  poland as a nation does , however . 
  just like aussies these days are n't responsible for what happened to aborigines a hundred years ago , the nation still is . 
  i do have an idea of the topic , hence why i commented . 
  do you have any substantive rebuttal , or is this just a shitpost you 're making ? 
  poland is a nation of refugees - whether accepting them , such as religious minorities in the early-mid 2nd millenium , to having some of their greatest artists ( sienkiewicz , mickiewicz , etc ) living out their lives as effective refugees and doing some of their greatest works , to those that fled in ww1 and ww2 ( many of whom were given protection in the mideast ) , to those that fled the soviet imposed communist regime ... all these refugees , yet now they refuse to accept any more because of ` scary muslims ' . 
  edit : i eat bigoted downvotes for breakfast . 
  if there 's one place that 's definitely worth seeing , it 's zamosc . 
  pity it 's so hard to get to . 
  might be an unpopular opinion , but i find british ales to have a bizarre texture and aftertaste . 
  not to my liking . 
  you 're the one that has been arguing that europeans are unrefined when it comes to beer . 
  that 's simply not true . 
  yeah , most people drink the cheap swill - because there 's not much point getting drunk off of craft beers beyond one or two to begin with . 
  but craft breweries , and non-lager style beers such as stouts and ipas , are very very popular in the eu . 
  and the top selling beer in the us is bud light . 
  i mean , that 's such a stupid argument - if one were to look at the [ top 5 us beers ] ( https://top5ofanything.com/list/9d9fb919/best-selling-brands-of-beer-in-the-u.s . ) , they 're all garbage . 
  over the years , i 've lived in sweden , poland , and estonia . 
  alas , not the kind of thing thats easily attainable in the eu . 
  managed to have the stone 's imperial russian stout here once ( also not an easy find ) , and that was fantastic !, 
  i 've lived in europe the last 7 years . 
  what you 're saying is completely out of line with reality . 
  i could n't give you the name of more than 5 american microbreweries , but i could list at least 3 dozen european ones off hand right now . 
  craft breweries have absolutely expoded in the eu over the last 5 years . 
  i mean , shit , mikkeller is probably the best known gypsy brewer ( and one of the most famous microbrewers full stop ) - they 're european . 
  i was really hoping someone would say this , because the whole eu-sponsored notion of agricultural multifunctionalism is * exactly * what 's behind environmentally sustainable , high quality produce . 
  you 're wrong and have no understanding of what you 're talking about . 
  he 's not harassing you , he 's calling you out on your ignorance . 
  not now . 
  russia did n't want them , they were going through their own shit at the time . 
  no it 's not . 
  the stans in central asia did n't ask for independence , they actually wanted to stay as part of the soviet union . 
  that 's not how democracy works . 
  it 's not winner takes all , and it 's not just a vote every 3-5 years . 
   by accusations and kind of insults like the most common `` putinisation '' ? 
  it 's not an opinion anymore when ep starts investigating poland , for the first time in its history and thretens to take back the eu funds or the right to vote in council of europe . 
  this is a reflection of how serious the assault on democracy pis is conducting . 
  the entire western world is concerned about the way poland is going , but you 're burying your head in the sand . 
   more insults , please . 
  that 's not an insult . 
  they 're not dictating , they 're giving their opinion . 
  if the polish government were gassing lipka tatars , would you also be saying `` no , polish government is completely right , fuck you foreign people for meddling in our affairs '' ? 
  it 's such a silly and narrowminded view , completely complementary with that of pis - poland lives in a bubble , the outside world has no effect here . 
  except that 's not the case , poland is part of a community of nations in a globalized world where everyone scrutinizes everyone . 
  he did n't say poland was putinized , he warned of the dangers of heading in that direction . 
   you was n't following the news ?
