  often , police officers do n't investigate white swedes accused of rape as thoroughly as they do darker skinned swedes . 
  i knew a girl that was raped by a white swede , and they did n't investigate because the prosecutor claimed it was a he-said-she-said situation and thus unlikely to end in a conviction . 
  but regardless , that 's not the issue . 
  do muslim immigrants have a higher than average likelihood of raping someone ? 
  probably . 
  but that does n't mean we should generalize all muslims with one brush , the millions upon millions that are n't rapists . 
   so why did this [ 1 ] happen ? 
  funny how there 's a spike around the time of new member states . 
  but aside from that , i 'd argue it 's because it became more acceptable and easier to report rapes , and also as changes in data collection occurred . 
  as i recall , this was all explained to you in your submission . 
  i would argue that since it prevents many people from being able to arrive directly , it directly contravenes the spirit of the refugee convention . 
  they * ca n't * come directly because of that directive ( as in country a to country b ) , so instead they have to go through country c. it 's still direct . 
  it 's not like they stop to live and work in another country for a few years , and then continue on and try and claim refugee status . 
  their journey is simply direct from a -  b , except through c. 
  yes . 
  they travel from syria directly to germany . 
  seems logical to me . 
  the issue is that countries in the eu make it very hard for this to happen with eu directive 2001/51/ec , which basically says that if an airline brings someone that requests asylum in the uk and that asylum seekers application is denied , the person has to be deported at the cost of the airline . 
  as a consequence , many airlines routinely refuse people access to the plane if they think there 's a chance they 'll be an asylum applicant , as then the airline would have to pay to fly them back . 
  '51 convention and the '67 protocol, 
  because it 's unconstitutional . 
  because they respect the refugee convention ( which poland should do as well , especially given their history in ww2 , but do n't ) . 
  because they are a human rights leader , whilst poland is lagging in human rights . 
  i 'm pretty sure the law is only meant to be for serious breaches . 
  if they started charging everyone , it would be trouble , but going for controversial and high profile cases is something else . 
  / r/european frequently links to posts n / r/europe i recall recently one user asked for information about how they could help refugees , and received hate messages over it after they linked to it . 
   ttip can help , but not in it 's current form . 
  you have n't read it , how do you know it 's bad ? 
  how is that proof ? 
  got proof that 's happening ? 
  funny , this has been my experience with polish people in poland . 
  that 's not the law . 
  the law is n't that you * have to * apply for asylum in the first safe country , just that that is where you will be processed . 
  you 're perfectly free to apply anywhere in the eu legally , however the rules mean that the country you apply in will deport you to the country of entry . 
  i 'd suggest you actually read through dublin 3 , rather than regurgitating talking points . 
  you know that when you contact an mp because you 're concerned about something , you 're lobbying as well ? 
  does n't everybody use their own definition of racism ? 
  well , they do try and fix it . 
  it 's just that there 's little that can be done to change society 's attitude . 
  that 's awesome , thanks for linking me to it !, 
  i actually posted an article involving him [ yesterday ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3jprrv/if_all_refugees_got_to_choose_their_destination/ ) . 
  there was some good discussion about actually addressing the migrant crisis , but it was downvoted . 
  great submission piece !, 
  thanks !, 
  bizarre that the source would be downvoted . 
  it 's funny they think the netherlands will be affected . 
  those people practically live on water . 
  if there 's anyone on the planet i trust to weather rising sea levels , it 's the dutch . 
  but they 're also allowed to request asylum in countries like sweden and germany . 
  me too mate , me too ... 
  yes you do . 
  what prevents them from doing it now is that they do n't really have access to the document ? 
  and i 'm talking on individual levels for personal gain , not opposition on ideological grounds from a party . 
  or those politicians will fuck with it for short term gain . 
  ` i 'll oppose this agreement unless you include this provision , which benefits my constituency ! ', 
  sorry , what is this example of concrete political deliberation ? 
  all i 've seen with respects to this image is first ; newspapers recognising it 's significance , second realising that they ca n't exactly write something negative and keep people reading their paper so they have to write a ` pro human spirit and goodness of people ' editorial instead , and third that third parties are the ones politicising this image in an agenda driven way . 
  actually , i recognise the problems are far more complex . 
  there are whole subsets of psychology , sociology , economics , politics , history , etc , that go into this . 
  take the food thing , the problem is distribution . 
  he 's acting as if these people can magically give their pumpkins to starving kids in africa , without side effects ( such as depressing local agriculture ) this image is powerful exactly because it puts the crisis into context . 
  it 's not longer figures and statistics divorced from day to day experience of the reader . 
  it immediately makes it identifiable . 
  you mentioned how the newspaper should contextualise things - this is exactly what 's going on with this image . 
  and that 's why so many ` pretty far from left ' users on this sub reddit are so unhappy and calling propaganda - because it 's playing to their cognitive dissonance , directly targeting their lack of empathy and humanity . 
  the issue is finally being contextualised in terms of self-identifiable human tragedies , instead of talking points from populist politicians . 
  have the newspapers failed in their duty here ? 
  the picture is n't opportunism . 
  the hubbub surrounding it is . 
  most comments are ` lol , economic migrants ' . 
  zero discussion of substance . 
  sink to the depths . 
  over half of the submissions on the subreddit are about immigration . 
  almost all the comments there are garbage . 
  they often spill into other discussions . 
  there 's far too much noise to signal . 
  i 'm thinking of abandoning ship . 
  to sell more papers , not to push an agenda . 
  the image is news . 
  newspapers use it as news . 
  other people use it opportunistically . 
  for one thing , they could repeal eu directive 2001/51/ec , which basically says that if an airline brings someone that requests asylum in the eu and that asylum seekers application is denied , the person has to be deported at the cost of the airline . 
  as a consequence , many airlines routinely refuse people access to the plane if they think there 's a chance they 'll be an asylum applicant , as then the airline would have to pay to fly them back . 
  a shitload more people would be flying instead of going on rickety boats . 
  this is probably the best thing that we could get rid of to deal with the refugee crisis . 
  removing it could impose a string of benefits , as the directive simply was n't put in place with the current crisis in mind . 
  revoking it would get rid of so many of the issues countries are experiencing handling this crisis - greatly reduced drownings , easier processing ( they 'd have to fly on passports , so we 'd know where to deport them back to if they 're not refugees ) , less chaos at bus and train stations , and it will make deporting those deemed not to be refugees tremendously easier - meaning probable savings on dealing with the ` tolderated ' asylum rejections . 
  airlines could even attach a ` bond ' to any return flights to the uk that would be refunded if they fly back , or used to pay for their deportation if they request asylum and do n't get it . 
  no one expects the eu to help the world . 
  just the refugees if and when they arrive . 
  syria is a countrywide war zone . 
  the people there do n't have anywhere to flee to except abroad . 
  ukraine is confined to two provinces . 
  there are plenty of safe places for those people to flee to in ukraine . 
  this place was never pro refugee . 
  at most , there was a balance about three years ago . 
  now it 's gone full right wing . 
  thanks !, 
  it 's so much worse now than a few months ago . 
  more techdirt garbage .
