  it 's just so bizarrely outrageously ridiculous that i ca n't believe anyone would seriously try and make that argument . 
  the uk government could very well change next election . 
  it 's fundamentally undemocratic , and a colossally silly argument to make from your side , that the entire eu should attempt to bind itself to a decision that could be centuries down the line , if at all , for the sake of the tories . 
  i can only presume you 're drunk now . 
  i mean , you want it to essentially be legislatively bound that an eu ca n't form with the uk in it , even if future generations of britons want that purely for the sake of the tories . 
  i no longer believe you when you say you 're a lawyer . 
  and if you do n't want it legislatively bound , then you 're essentially asking for a statement from each of the other eu member states saying they 'll never pursue that on behalf of future governments that have n't even been elected yet . 
  you want to bind future parliaments in every eu country for this . 
  it 's just such a mindbogglingly ridiculous thing to say, 
  this is also ridiculous . 
  never is a long time , never in politics is about six months . 
  your argument is disappointing , especially because i know you can do much better . 
  this is a ridiculous argument and i expected better from you . 
  treaty change is a product of context and political will . 
  there 's no start to finish game plan , and expecting the uk to get an answer of what the 27 other states want out of the eu in the distant future in an effort to clarify whether the eu * might * become a federation in the future is not only unreasonable , it 's downright stupid . 
  er , ecipe is one of the most prominent think tanks in europe . 
  i gave you the non-academic explanation , if you want something more than that then read the study . 
  i mean , be reasonable . 
  you want me to refute an entire study in a reddit post ? 
  this is why we link to other sources . 
  no , i linked to three other sources as well that explained why it was wrong . 
  oh , the tufts study . 
  that uses a method of modelling ( gpm ) that does n't even take the main variable ( non tariff barriers ) into account . 
  it 's long , but they go into detail about how the study is poorly done [ here ] ( http://cdn.streamovations.be/events/ep/150305-1500-ttip-trade-and-regulatory-co-operation-benefits-and-costs.php ) , as well as [ much more succintly by the state secretary for european affairs in the government of portugal here ] ( https://euobserver.com/opinion/127103 ) . 
  of course , [ this is about as in depth as you can get at tearing that paper aprt ] ( http://www.ecipe.org/app/uploads/2015/04/1-occasional-paper_v4.pdf ) . 
  sorry mate , i 've washed my hands of this sub since it became dominated by low-effort material ( curiously coinciding with all the immigration/refugee threads ), 
  if there 's one thing that most non-americans can respect , it 's the french military and their willingness to use it in effective operations . 
  i think the only way an eu army could happen if it 's given complete autonomy from the member states - that is , a purely eu operation for eu defense , and its best conduct . 
  that said , i do n't see it happening . 
  there are too many disparate interests - germany , hungary , greece and austria are all far too pro-russia ( or not anti-russian establishment enough ) to actually commit to defence of the baltics . 
  spain , portugal , and ireland are too far removed . 
  it 'd take some serious political compromises from the eastern states for it to happen , and even then it 's uncertain . 
  western europeans do n't care . 
  then you know wrong . 
  has to be a canadian investor to use the isds provisions . 
  that 's not how it works , and that 's not what they are . 
  your comment is just full of wrong . 
  something few on people understand , but still go batshit crazy over . 
  most people that hear concentration camp only thing of ww2 . 
  are you ? 
  nah , i know better than you . 
  like that a system where the government refuses to answer questions and does n't allow journalists to visit , which the unhcr and numerous australian doctors have have been there have routinely criticized as human rights violations and deeply damaging to the people there , is a bad system . 
  you know concentrations camps are n't just a ww2 thing , right ? 
  i think putting severe disincentives on refugees is inhumane . 
  it 's pretty hard to be supportive of a policy that puts innocent children in prisons for years at a time . 
  it would n't comply with germanys grundgesetz , there are explicit protections and rights afforded to asylum seekers under 16a, 
  except these people are likely genuine refugees . 
  so their choices are death at home , or imprisonment . 
  no policy is worth giving refugees just those two choices . 
  you ca n't because countries are generally opposed to having other countries bringing in thousands of people that lack documentation . 
  it lowered boat arrivals at the cost of us imprisoning children in concentration camps . 
  you ca n't exactly just ship undocumented and unprocessed people to third countries . 
  it raises whole questions about due process , chain of custody . 
  not least because the country where the refugee requests asylum is the one they have to be processed in ( except for dublin ), 
  you ca n't just send people elsewhere without processing them . 
  did you see the criticism on ceta ? 
  a lot of it was just soap boxing rhetoric and outright fabrications of eu positions . 
  no wonder you 'd be craving something reasonable after wading through that . 
  no , if they apply for asylum in germany and get relocated to latvia ` because there 's space ', 
  your analysis is missing some key considerations - namely that crises had died down significantly in countries that were big senders of refugees to australia . 
  i 've lived in poland . 
  i would n't want to be a refugee there , given the violence and treatment darker skinned people experience there . 
  that 's not what 's happened . 
  they still come . 
  the difference is , we house them in concentration camps in inhuman conditions , locking up children for years in prisons while we ` process ' them for political expediency . 
  i mean , our regime is routinely criticized for human rights abuses . 
  journalists are forbidden to visit . 
  yeah , because it 's inconceivable that people that have begun creating roots during their processing after fleeing a catastrophic war or despotic regime do n't want to do that again . 
  back in 2008 . 
  maybe there 's new research since then ? 
  you 're deluded if you think assad crushing the non isis rebels means peace . 
  the true horror will be what comes after , with mass liquidations on an equal level as ethnic cleansing as he tries to shore up his power . 
  and the chemical weapons claim was n't bogus . 
  you 're a conspiracy nut if that 's what you think . 
  neither . 
  the optimal process would be boots on the ground with a transitional government of key members of different stakeholders . 
  no , i think instead there should 've been greater western involvement in syria . 
  but when cameron was stupid enough to go to the house of commons to get a vote in support , he failed which killed the possibility for other countries to get involved ( these things are done on a coalition basis ), 
  why is assad winning a good outcome in your eyes ? 
  he 's a brutal dictator that used chemical weapons on his own people . 
  ah yes , the second a policy definitely created by obama , the first not really surprising or that bad . 
  have you even read any of those articles ? 
  read a lot of conspiracy websites , do you ? 
  how has he done that ? 
  i 'd say he 's removing terror with the iran deal , for example . 
  depends on the place . 
  if it 's super busy , i can see someone not going through the pleasantries . 
  i 'm old . 
  it 's been a while . 
  just like your mum . 
  so has your mum . 
  yeah , of course . 
  but i 've seen much more walking the streets as well , this is n't the only piece i 've seem /, 
  the street art i 've seen in poland is seriously world class . 
  except they were n't , given that both the canadian health and environmental departments said that there was no issue . 
  if the governments were doing wrong things , why is that a bad thing ? 
  do you think that companies should never be able to sue governments ? 
  it does n't matter what they get sued over . 
  what matters is what they can get sued over * where the company loses * . 
  there 's the proof that it 's good .
