  care to actually add something meaningful ? 
  too risky for my blood . 
  we 'll see what it stabilizes at , still a bit of volatility . 
  well , they already raided private pension funds for sochi . 
  wonder how they 're gon na pay for this . 
  the tartars especially ( the people that are actually native of crimea and were there before the russians and ukrainians ) are dead-set against being part of russia . 
  they still remember being deported to central asia under the soviet union . 
  they meet in two days apparently . 
  i do n't suppose you 'd like to qualify your statement in any way ? 
  because at the moment , it 's not exactly at the peak of human intellectual achievement . 
  moot also means having little or no practical relevance . 
  regardless , we 're just going around in circles here . 
  as i said , that 's not going to be a problem - there are other routes , and kyrgyzstan is n't going to kick the americans out . 
  so the problem is moot . 
  is your assertion that russia will tell kyrgyzstan to kick the americans out ? 
  central asian states have long been trying to play a balancing act between china , russia , and the us , playing them off against eachother . 
  to get rid of the us would limit their options that much more . 
  it 's not quite that certain what that document was about . 
  it could have just been the opinion or the talking point of one officials department , not policy of the uk as a whole . 
  i posted this elsewhere about what happens if russia completely invades ukraine , but i 'll do so again here because it 's relevant hard economic sanctions on russia until putin relents and withdraws all troops from the ukraine and sets stable long term gas prices for the eu and ukraine on a collective basis ( to prevent punitive measures afterwards ) is the best way to deal with the situation here . 
  it is absolutely unacceptable to have an occupied ( and possibly annexed ) country right on the eu 's borders with no repercussions , that would tell the world that the eu is a joke and would signal to others that the west 's dominance is at a clear end . 
  economic sanctions would be effective because putin 's regime is kept afloat through a careful balancing act of keeping the oligarchs happy , and by promising a modicum of economic stability to the country to the regular people . 
  an overwhelming majority of the voters recall the economic chaos in the years following ` shock therapy ' in russia following the collapse of the soviet union , where the economy just ... did n't function , whilst the oligarchs want to be able to have easy travel and access to the west , whilst also keeping their enterprises in russia in good shape . 
  economic sanctions threaten both those groups , as russian foreign exchange reserves are abyssmal and the terms of trade could quickly turn very bad for russia . 
  the change in the ruble alone , since the crisis began , has made imports a lot more expensive . 
  putin wants to keep his regime together , and he ca n't do that under sustained economic sanctions . 
  especially if europe targets russian energy exports , then putin 's regime is fucked . 
  gazprom currently accounts for about 20 % of the russian government 's income . 
  as imports become more expensive and the state is able to fund fewer services , social unrest will build to a critical point until putin will have no choice except to either escalate or withdraw . 
  now , this plan is not without risks . 
  it kind of puts putin 's back up against the wall . 
  the challenge for the west will be give to find some token symbolic victory for him that he can play up back at home so that he does n't escalate . 
  there would be some economic troubles in europe as a consequence . 
  but such sanctions would not have to be kept up for long to have an effect given what i said earlier ( in fact , given the waffling the west has done thus far , it might be a short sharp wake up call that he did n't expect and so would convince him to back down ) , and it would be worth it for the following reasons : * it would absolutely preserve the legitimacy of the npt int he eyes of the world . 
  ukraine gave up it 's nukes in exchange for assurances about it 's territorial integrity . 
  states will be considerably more likely to follow a nuclear path if ukraine does n't keep crimea . 
  * it would reaffirm many aspects of international law , especially the helsinki accords . 
  maintaining the sanctity of international law is an absolute good , it 's long been in too precarious a state . 
  * it would represent a big change from the world seeing europe as a laughable international entity , to one that can actually achieve collective action . 
  * it would help anchor ukraine firmly in the west 's sphere of influence . 
  with all this in consideration , i ca n't help but think that stronger measures is something that europe absolutely has to do , instead of acting in the decrepit fashion it has been for decades . 
  the comparisons to hitler generally come from the similarities between the crimean crisis and the sudenteland crisis , where appeasement won the day and worse things followed . 
  i do n't think anyone is circlejerking about evil putin vs innocent ukraine , because in this case ukraine * is * innocent . 
  it has been demonstrated time and time again that the rationale for the russian ` intervention ' was a bullshit pretext . 
  regardless , it 's understandable from the baltics and poland because they have a very strong vested interest in anchoring ukraine to the west , as well as because of historical mistreatments of russians against those countries ( it was only a little over 20 years ago that the russians shot hundreds of people in lithuania ) . 
  it 's not an argument about black and white , it 's an argument about factually correct , and blatant russian propaganda . 
  there have been numerous images demonstrating how far they skew the situation just today on / r/europe as to the conspiracy comment , for that i apologise , but surely you see that a considerable portion of that userbase has a very strong aversion to msm and tends to believe the opposite of the msm narrative in an effort to seem smarter than the ` sheeple ' . 
  regardless , while i 'd shy away from calling putin ` evil ' ( aside from my partially facetious use of it earlier ) , the actions committed under his government and on his orders over the past almost two decades can only be described as undoubtedly harmful and often detrimental in the extreme to western liberal-democratic ideals , which is why people have such a strong distaste for putin . 
  yes , the base is there under the csto . 
  there was some anti-us protests , true , but as i said they are ` the most ' western . 
  that 's not that same as being super-pro-america , nor does it mean they 'll do all of america 's bidding . 
  but at the same time , just because there were protests around the base does n't mean they 're anti-american . 
  the fact remains that the state is happy to accept american money , and would not jeopardize that , whilst the citizenry is n't terribly against it either . 
  i 've just been doing my masters thesis on the central asian region a few months ago . 
  this is information that i gathered while studying that . 
  i 'm aware of that , it does n't change that they 're the most ` western ' and want to milk the us for every cent they 've got . 
  it 's not the size of the army , but how you use it !, 
  quite surprising given how timid they 've traditionally been , but a very impressive step as they assert themselves internationally . 
  kyrgyzstan is n't a problem , it 's the most ` western ' of the ` stans . 
  as for flights , they can also go west with a stop off in germany . 
  the issue is n't as big as you think it is . 
  mate , i do n't know if you 've been living under a rock for almost two decades , but putin is an evil bastard . 
  they 're anti-putin for some very very good reasons . 
  edit : lol , now i understand . 
  you subscribe to conspiracy , hence any mainstream narrative is terribly suspect and probably paid for by the jewish shadow government . 
  well , it 's not ruled out entirely , it 's just a document a senior official had . 
  who knows if that was just the view of one department , or what . 
  [ according to this article ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/mar/03/crimea-crisis-david-cameron-sanctions-russia-ukraine ) cameron is intending to impose sanctions on russia . 
  as to the other countries , norway provides more gas to europe than russia does , lng terminals are springing up all over europe , and europe could probably withstand the disruption in gas supplies to itself for quite some time . 
  by law , european gas supplies have to have 30 days supply on hand , and i 'm sure norway could ramp up production for the duration . 
  it is * very * far from a suicide option for the eu . 
  regardless , this whole scenario is contingent on russia invading the rest of ukraine and occupying it , not the current situation , which would mean that eu leaders would be more willing to try more serious policy measures . 
  hard economic sanctions on russia until putin relents and withdraws all troops from the ukraine and sets stable long term gas prices for the eu and ukraine on a collective basis ( to prevent punitive measures afterwards ) . 
  it is absolutely unacceptable to have an occupied ( and possibly annexed ) country right on the eu 's borders with no repercussions , that would tell the world that the eu is a joke and would signal to others that the west 's dominance is at a clear end . 
  i posted this elsewhere , but economic sanctions would be effective because  putin 's regime is kept afloat through a careful balancing act of keeping the oligarchs happy , and by promising a modicum of economic stability to the country to the regular people . 
  an overwhelming majority of the voters recall the economic chaos in the years following ` shock therapy ' in russia following the collapse of the soviet union , where the economy just ... did n't function , whilst the oligarchs want to be able to have easy travel and access to the west , whilst also keeping their enterprises in russia in good shape . 
  economic sanctions threaten both those groups , as russian foreign exchange reserves are abyssmal and the terms of trade could quickly turn very bad for russia . 
  the change in the ruble alone , since the crisis began , has made imports a lot more expensive . 
  putin wants to keep his regime together , and he ca n't do that under sustained economic sanctions . 
  especially if europe targets russian energy exports , then putin 's regime is fucked . 
  gazprom currently accounts for about 20 % of the russian government 's income . 
  as imports become more expensive and the state is able to fund fewer services , social unrest will build to a critical point until putin will have no choice except to either escalate or withdraw . 
  now , this plan is not without risks . 
  it kind of puts putin 's back up against the wall . 
  the challenge for the west will be give to find some token symbolic victory for him that he can play up back at home so that he * does n't * escalate . 
  indeed , a nice zoladkowa gorzka or zubrowka is ace , especially for the price . 
  china has long had a ` non-involvement ' policy in the affairs of other countries . 
  they 're sticking to it here . 
  i have to disagree with you on a number of points , but i 'm going to just comment on the military aspects . 
  first , you 've misread your map or it 's wrong . 
  the yellow ones are n't necessarily interested in joining nato . 
  kazakhstan is one of those yellow countries listed , but it 's already part of the csto ( kind of like a mini-nato of central asia ) and in the russian customs union . 
  the ` surrounding ' of russia is only occurring in the west . 
  that said , i agree that it is to do with geostrategic safety . 
  since the early 1990s , russia has helped set up four ( crimea would be a fifth if they do n't annex it outright ) ` frozen conflicts ' around their border regions - transnistria , abkhazia , south ossetia , and nagorno-kabarakh . 
  these regions make it difficult for land based military assaults into russia because they have to cross broadly lawless and barely functioning ` countries ' to get to russia . 
  it 's kind of following the same policy that stalin had of having a ` bufferzone ' between russia proper and conceivable threats to moscow . 
  russia would have been fine with ukraine normally , but with yanukovych ousted and a pro-western government in place , the buffer zone has been eroded considerably . 
   there 's no precedence for a nato country expanding its borders , thus having expanded nato 's borders as well . 
  german reunification did n't happen ?
