  wait , so why is cyprus in the eu then ? 
  i think he 's saying that the capital gains tax on sold shares is comparable to the proposed transaction tax as the levels are different in different countries . 
  as i said , i chose to ignore you due to you acting like a dick in every discussion - a constant barrage of hostility and rudeness , and you 're going back on my ignore list now because i do n't want to deal with that . 
  it 's just a pity that you 've deleted all your comments over the last 6 months so no one can see how much of an arse you really are . 
  pleasure playing with you . 
  if anyone wants a justification , i 'm happy to pm it . 
  as i recall , i refused to justify it it * to you * because every one of the your comments has been snarky , insult-ladden and with a distinct lack of any form of intellectual honesty and i was waiting for you to respond in a respectful tone worthy of having a discussion in . 
  secondly , it was not a proposal to end democracy , but rather i was attempting to explain to your narrow-minded and simplistic mind just how complex the notion of ` democracy ' actually is , including all the compromises we make that are against the notion of ` democracy ' in contemporary ` democracies ' like the uk 's or australia 's . 
  you continue to amuse me . 
  please , as before , delete your comments a day after you make them . 
  they 're all replies to me or about me filled with the same nonsense . 
  that someone could be so obsessed over what i write is really rather flattering . 
  and if this is n't your main reddit account , then please reply with that rather than lurking in the shadows . 
  do n't bother arguing with my good friend igelkotten about the cap . 
  he has an amazing thought process where he takes in the information you put forward , digests it , and then proceeds to discard it and continue with his simplistic line of thought . 
  well , trolls_brigade specifically said ` grand theft nicosia ' , the capital of cyprus . 
  i was correcting him about that , no more . 
  nevertheless , eurosceptics/greek nationalists seem to be downvoting me regardless . 
  no , what you 're showing is a fundamental misunderstanding of what happened . 
  the cypriot banks had been putting money into greece for ages , during the time that greece had a solid credit rating . 
  following the downgrades , and then the haircuts on greek debt , that means that cypriot banks lost a great deal of money thanks to ( unavoidable ) debt restructuring pushed by the troika . 
  secondly , how are they ` thieving ' money that is being lent to them ? 
  instead of downvoting , i do n't suppose someone would care to offer a counter-argument ? 
  jeez , you pick the most touristy , least interesting cities in europe . 
  aside from berlin . 
  actually , airlines operate on a very low profit margin . 
  poland , czech , etc , were likely more under the influence still of the us at the time , despite about to join the eu . 
  i 've mailed beers before to a friend , i do n't see why cigars would be fundamentally different.though i did n't declare . 
  great , now all they have to do is remove the restrictions on foreigners working in tallinn . 
  edit : educate yourselves people , despite the eus free movement , only something like 1400 non nationals are allowed to work there each year . 
  i 'm sad finnish is n't getting any love . 
  it 's such a mellifluous language . 
  if you 're not after utility , go for that . 
  no , some solar panel makers do n't want it to happen - and they 're giving stupid reason - tariffs on imports wo n't hurt domestic solar panel makers . 
  as to it smacking of protectionism - they 're saying that if they do find evidence of dumping , then they 'll impose it . 
  if they impose it unfairly following the investigation , china can always appeal through the wto . 
  they 're investigating , that 's all they said - hence it 's not smacking of protectionism , only someone rabidly anti-eu or lacking in critical thinking would say that . 
  regardless of the example i used , there is perfectly fine justification under the wto to impose tariffs on countries found to be dumping - ie : putting surplus manufactured stock on international markets below cost . 
  european country . 
  and then you have to agree to all the rules and regulations . 
  because they aimed at him despite him explaining on camera ( iirc ) that the soldiers told him to stand there to stay out of fire ? 
  any danes care to comment on how they think this would go , and what the prevailing mood is in denmark ? 
  yeah mate , if you 'd been here for more than 5 minutes you 'd know i 'm one of the greatest europhiles on here , a proponent of a federalized europe and defending the cap amongst many other things . 
  but again , as previously , you stupidly attack the messenger rather than the message . 
  good work mate . 
  attack the message , not the messenger . 
  your comment is n't contributing anything . 
  edit for those curious about the deleted comments , it was basically / u/fateswarm raging against anyone that might be slightly critical of europe and cursing out brits , swedes , dutch , anyone from the commonwealth and americans and saying he was right to do so because they have a history complaining about the eu, 
  i think the assumption is that any future treaty change that would federalize the eu would also include the democratizing elements . 
  the fact is , at the moment it 's the nations that are fighting an increasingly democratic ( and hence , federal ) eu . 
  well , the treaty of the eec does call for ever closer union . 
  does n't that imply federalization at some stage ? 
  hobby farmers and companies under 10 employees can register for free . 
  if reading the tone of the article did n't give a clue ( just check out some of the shameless scare words they use and helpfully bold ) , the eu is actually proposing to harmonise food safety and the like laws between countries under a new eu structure . 
  i 'd compare the commission to a party cabinet . 
  they 're given unelected competencies relevant to their specialities . 
  they deliberate in secret and they set policy that way . 
  their whips try and keep the party voting how they want , but they ca n't guarantee they 'll get that outcome . 
  i have the same view , you should see some of the debates we 've had regarding the cap . 
  i felt sometimes like i was slamming my head against a brick wall . 
  igelkotten , my friend , you 're mistaken . 
  global flows of money want to be invested somewhere . 
  if it 's not bonds , it 's stocks , it 's gold , it 's real estate , et cetera . 
  always , it 's some combination of the three . 
  if demand for bonds drops in some countries ( such as the troubled southern countries ) then it tends to flow to countries that are views as ` safe ' such as germany or finland . 
  this means that finland and germany start borrowing money at cheaper rates than they normally would , making the eurozone crisis beneficial for the borrowing rates . 
  the ratings are a reflection of the strength of their economies ( although finland 's economy is a little sketchy these days ) , but that is only loosely related to the interest rate on bonds they issue . 
  they would be at a certain price if there was no eurocrisis , and they are at a lower rate during the eurocrisis because safe bond investment areas are drying up leading investors to accept lower interest rates in exchange for the safety of the finnish and german economies . 
  as to your commend about sweden and denmark , that is like comparing apples and oranges . 
  you can not compare why idaho is doing badly to california , and then compare it to both mexico and canada , it 's not an equal comparison because they function entirely differently . 
  now just so you know there 's not point replying as i 'm not returning to this topic . 
  i think you 've said everything that needs to be said . 
  the only problem now is finding a way to make it politically palatable to implement it . 
  they have more female academics in their top five universities than other european countries . 
  that 's all i took from it , i never said it made them a fabulously egalitarian society . 
  germans without a sense of humour , who 'd a thunk it ? 
  it was meant to be a joke , albeit a poor one !, 
  no one claimed it was equal , just more equal in this specific regard than most european countries . 
  again , you 're attributing non-existent meaning to something so you feel you have justification to criticise another culture . 
  criticise when it 's relevant , not at every topic tangentially related . 
  you just do n't like anyone that lives more than one village away from you , do you ? 
  germans with a victim complex , who 'd a thunk it ? 
  sure , and i agree that thats a ridiculous position to hold , but you should stick to the argunements the person is making and not attack positions you think they hold . 
  truth lies somewhere in the middle , as with most things . 
  racists/xenophobes sure are out in force today . 
  that 's not the fault of the immigrants , but of the swedes living there generally . 
  [ here 's an article ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/jobs/?site=tlse&amp;aid=47164#.uyeh1rvgckq ) talking about how it 's because of the racist tendencies of swedish people that prevent them from finding jobs ( nb i 'm not saying all , or even most swedes are racist , but there is a surprisingly high number of structural impediments to foreigners getting work here ) . 
  the study and this article put together seem to imply that there 's a great deal of hidden racism in swedish culture ( as opposed to in australian culture where it 's more verbal , but considerably less likely to impact on employment ) which significantly impacts how well foreigners can integrate . 
  with a name like yolomcswag , i expected you to be a troll . 
  turns out , you 're just a moron . 
  oh yes , your extensive experience has led you to believe it 's the ` few ' who are trying . 
  except ... no one suggested that ? 
  they 're saying to treat citizens within a country equally , rather than demonizing a portion based on nothing more than their skin pigmentation . 
  sincerely doubt it would happen unless it 's a heavily watered down one chock-a-block with exceptions . 
  the eu does n't trust the us anymore after their lca agreement went down in flames when they signed an agreement regarding boeing and airbus a few months before the uruguay round was implemented , then the us immediately went after airbus once the wto mechanisms were implemented . 
  there 's constant incompatibilities in agriculture ( hormone treated vs not , gm vs not , etc ) . 
  their economies are way too similar in that they both have high-capital intensive and education-heavy businesses they want to protect . 
  i honestly ca n't see how this is anything more than domestic political maneuvering on both sides . 
  maybe you should actually read about it instead of harmful idle speculation . 
  brits love farage and boris .
