  now i think she 's just a tired leader that should 've been voted out last election . 
  it 's just a pity the opposition was worse . 
  when they break the law , they do n't lose their rights . 
  even in the us , they read people their rights when arresting them . 
  regardless of the crime you commit , you 're entitled to due process under the law , and farages proposal shits all over that . 
  that 's a common occurrence , eh ? 
  or at least , common enough to want to through out your nations values , such as that of the rule of law ? 
  yeah ? 
  that 's nice . 
  we had an australian muslim take his kid there , and took a picture of his kid holding a severed head to post to twitter . 
  we very much understand the dangers . 
  we just have n't decided to become uncivilized as a result . 
  at least , we have n't yet - with this government , who knows . 
  i have n't been lying , then as now , and your post then was saying the exact same thing as here pretty much . 
  because you stalk me , and you were banned for that already because the mods agreed . 
  thanks !, 
  oh yeah , it 's a shitstorm every time with allegations of backstabbing and the like . 
  very entertaining . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's not what you linked me to , as i seem to recall a german news website , but you 're free to go looking for the old thread to prove me wrong . 
  as to stalking , you 've followed me to other subreddits where you 've never posted ( i recall you showing up once in an askhistorians question i asked ) and spend most of your reddit time replying to me . 
  if you had to always deleted the batshit crazy stuff you ousted under your banned account , / u/flakwolf , it would be much easier to verify . 
  that 's only on the subject of discrimination , it has nothing to do with universal rights being universally applicable . 
  it 's basically only happened three times in the last fifty years , and seems to happen only with the labor party . 
  you gave me a link to a news report that was no longer available due to being taken down , and the ` article ' was from a blogpost . 
  when you found a decent source it turned out to be perfectly justifiable , i did n't deny it happened . 
  sorry for not knowing each of the hundreds of thousands of recipients of cap money . 
  and yeah , you stalking me gets pretty tiresome , but since you enjoy it so much i decided to shoot off quick replies to you in the post that you linked so you can continue having your fun , as you 're doing here . 
  pretty rare actually . 
  wish it would happen to the current government though ( or that they 'd all get kicked out ) . 
  i presume you can link to these threads then ? 
  i have n't been deleting comments , you should have no trouble finding it . 
  this is the third account you 've made to stalk me and make shit up ( for which one of them had already been banned ) . 
  if you 'd been civil in our first discussions , i 'd have been happy to explain all my positions to you , but you continued in the typical kind of self indulgent prattle you see from people commenting on telegraph articles . 
  i 'm just not interested in engaging with you . 
  tough . 
  still stalking me making shit up ? 
  whut . 
   they now have their own new found is caliphate nationality . 
  this is not a recognized state by any country around the globe . 
  it does n't really fit any of the three major criteria of being a state . 
  revoking their british citizenship * would * leave them stateless . 
  i think that a copayment would stop many of the troubles that plague australia 's overburdened health system . 
  copayment would lessen the amount of : * prescription-drug seekers * old people just looking for a chat because they 're lonely * health freaks that want information about the newest treatment that they do n't need etc. 
  it 's not about a choice between usa and uk style , it 's about trying to come up with the best system , and i do n't think the uk or the usa systems are perfect . 
  there is about making people stateless . 
  there 's also nothing stopping the security services monitoring following proper legal procedures , and i do n't think that would be hard to justify . 
  leaving them stateless is , however . 
  so what ? 
  i 've lived next to new refugees and new immigrants from africa , the mid-east , sea , and they were no problem despite being from a different continent and culture . 
  well , i do n't know why you brought up africans in the first place , but i 'd love for you to quantify that somehow . 
  you do know syrians are n't from africa , right ? 
  no , the problem is that certain people are too willing to trade the values of western civilization - humanism , liberalism , the rule of law , etc for the illusion of security . 
  there 's nothing stopping the people returning from the levant being monitored by security services following proper court orders and legal procedures that should be able to prevent any massacres happening on the chance that those returning are genuine jihadists , and not just those disaffected with the cause of isis or those mistaken as having travelled there for the purpose of joining isis . 
  i 'm sorry , but i do n't see stepping down to the level of isis as a reasonable solution to combating * possible * terrorists . 
  western values have to be protected , and you do n't do that by getting rid of them to combat possible terrorist threats . 
  these people are british citizens and are entitled to the same rights and responsibilities of other british citizens , revoking their passports is just a cheap way undermining one of the greatest western achievement - the rule of law . 
  get rid of dublin-2 and impose an eu-wide asylum seeker processing and monitoring system . 
  does that have the same original meaning as in english ? 
  or is it just a literal translation ? 
  it 's not a tumblr phrase , it 's just one that 's been coopted by moronic pseudo feminists on tumblr . 
  the origin and intention of it is considerably older and not at all meant to be used how they use it . 
  you do realise that the whole point of human rights is that they 're inalienable , fundamental , and universally applicable yeah ? 
  if you start changing them at whim because of political expediency , there 's no point any more . 
  lebanon has a population of less than half that and has approaching 1,5 million refugees . 
  the best solution is / u/boq 's idea , but it would never go through exactly because populists keep making it politically unfeasible for a structured eu-wide system to be put in place . 
  so instead they come through italy and spain and we have an unstructured system where they end up all over the eu with no way of ensuring the situation does n't get worse for the natives and the refugees . 
  at least sweden is taking an ordered approach . 
  i would think that human rights , due process , the rule of law , etc are more important than pandering to populist sentiment . 
  yes you do , under the refugee convention which germany ratified ... funnily enough , the refugee convention came about because of the events taking place in germany around 1939-1945 , so it 's interesting that you as a german would be against . 
  any french have some more insight to offer ? 
  i was actually joking , i meant for the fact that it generally has no lyrics . 
  sorry , i was referring to the central asian stans , should 've made that clearer . 
  there 's no airbase in kyrgyzstan any more ( the locals had had problems with them for ages ) and it was one specifically for use with respect to afghanistan , something the russians were n't opposed to , but regardless kyrgyzstan is within the auspices of the csto , an organization whose implicit function is the extension of russian geopolitical control , as well as the sco which helps to coordinate sino-russian interests in the region . 
  the only country which could conceivably not be under russian control is turkmenistan , which is run by a dprk-style dictator and is the source of most of china 's foreign gas . 
  as i always suspected , nigel farage is the epitome of an anglo populist . 
  fuck the rule of law and the concept of human rights , let 's go with what polls well with my racist constituents . 
  russia already controls the stans , so it 's not an issue there . 
  i really like the words to the spanish national anthem . 
  it was considerably better before the 4chan of invasion of ` you ca n't barage the farage ' people . 
  / r/unitedkingdom is too much like / r/australia , in my opinion , a pretty left leaning circlejerk . 
  / r/ukpolitics managed to kind of have a balance of opinion for a while . 
  you think these people know the details of the refugee convention ? 
  of course not , they just know that europe represents safety . 
  i do that too . 
  and no , not accept all of them . 
  just the ones that make it to europe and request asylum who are genuine refugees , as you 're obligated to do under domestic and international laws . 
  that 's a terrible argument . 
  there 's / r/europeans for the more cerebral articles , and / r/european for the racist ones . 
  that 's a load of bull , mate . 
  many european countries have copayments . 
  hell , in sweden the copayment is closer to $ 25 . 
  copayments , in and of themselves , are n't a terrible idea . 
  how the lnp is planning on implementing it is . 
  around 30 % of the population of lebanon are refugees . 
  the eu is nowhere near that level , it 's less than 0.4 % . 
  support them in the best ways possible . 
  there are no ` sides ' , you 're still trying to draw this up in simplistic rhetoric . 
  rather , assist those agents and organizations that provide positive influences in the country , whilst assist in mitigating those that are harmful . 
   but there has always been a tacit understanding that the numbers involved with the system had to be limited . 
  i 'm sorry , but i do n't believe that 's the case .
