  is this really supposed to be some kind of argument for something ? 
  because it seems like empty populist rhetoric to me . 
  there 's more to the issue than that , though . 
  baby boomers , thanks to demographics , will always have their political views more dominantly pandered to than non-baby boomer ones . 
  it 's undeniable that each generation has it 's own kind of zeitgeist and socio-culturo-ecomonomic perception , so the baby boomer one remains prevalent despite what should be the handing of the reigns to later generations . 
  there 's no real solution to this , it just is what it is . 
  oh wow , you are amusing in the extreme . 
  the part where i was apparently ` dishonest ' was regarding that the lisbon treaty and the constitutional treaty were two different things . 
  / u/bowgentle explained * why you were so completely wrong * . 
  the entire thread , you 're misunderstanding everything he says , twisting it into your little englander mindset , and seeing everyone who thinks there are some good things about the eu as a sleazy cryptofascist that lies . 
  you 're a muppet , a joke , an intellectual nothing , and comically tragic . 
  i mean , you link to an * explicit federalist * as proof of how evil the eu is . 
  the thread was about how a federal eu * would work * , and your proof that the guy was wrong was that some people had different opinions on what it should be !, 
  you are the quintessential ukiper , small minded , intellectually deficient , zealot that can barely string a sentence together , but falls under the sway of populist morons like farage . 
  yes , they have such a policy in place . 
  but it 's better than exporting the surplus , or giving it away , because then it does n't destroy the domestic industries of other countries . 
  this was a way of not harming developing countries agricultural sectors , whilst also ensuring that the eu does n't have to buy a bunch of food that would otherwise spoil , such as the butter mountains and wine lakes of the past . 
  it was a success because ukraine only has a tenuous grasp of democracy , and this kind of protest is symbolic of greater democratizing forces at work , as the eu champions . 
  i do n't think he cares , i think he just either hates muslims or ` darkies ' . 
  i know a number of english immigrants in krakow , poland . 
  they get * very * comfortable wages here , job security , and they live in one of the most fun cities in europe . 
  i 'm sorry my comments do n't fit into your xenophobic nationalistic ukip paradigm whereby the uk is the centre of the world it was 150 years ago , and as such you view them as dishonest . 
  it 's incredibly amusing to me that you used that link as some kind of proof . 
  you are a card , oh yes you are . 
  it 's particularly amusing as you had a similar discussion with / u/bowgentle [ in this very chuckle-worthy exchange ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1kcxc9/how_will_a_federal_europe_work/cboaxi5 ) who absolute destroyed every single one of your arguments , but you brought it up again there . 
  who is the dishonest one now , eh ? 
  the cap is part food security , part consumer protection , part political expediency . 
  food security may seem a strange notion in this day and age , but it 's important . 
  in 2008 there was a world food price crisis , where prices of the staple grains ( wheat , rice , etc ) rose in some cases over 100 % on world markets prompting rioting and looting in many developing and undeveloped countries . 
  a number of those countries imposed export bans to try and keep domestic prices down . 
  if such a crisis happens again in the future ( which will be increasingly likely as global warming changes the historically relatively predictable crop yields ) , and the eu is not producing food , do you think these countries will export here if they ca n't even feed their own citizens ? 
  as to the policy itself , basically it subsidizes agricultural producers across the entire eu in the form of assisting with environmental protection , and ensuring farmers have an income to sustain themselves . 
  almost every developed country in the world subsidizes it 's agricultural protection to some degree , with many having higher rates of subsidization than the eu , such as south korea , japan , norway , and switzerland . 
  it 's on a broadly similar level to the us . 
  there are a lot of criticisms of the cap , and there 's certainly scope for reform , but in general it 's a well designed policy . 
  the uk receives considerably less from the cap than what it puts in , hence in the past negotiations a rebate was devised whereby britain would get a portion of this money back . 
  if you have some more questions , i 'd be happy to answer . 
  whilst shutting down nuclear and starting up coal ? 
  and also shutting down an incredibly complex and advanced scientific/engineering experiment ? 
  this is my point , the european greens are an irrational emotion driven party , rather than a responsible evidence based policy party . 
  hence , why i consider them to be political juveniles and would never vote for them . 
  you , finding alarmism astounding ? 
  made me chuckle . 
  energy storage capabilities on the scale you 're talking will not be anywhere near sufficient for at least 50 years , and that 's a conservative estimate only taking into account design , let alone implementation . 
  well you did n't link to the christian science monitor , you linked to this article . 
  the point is , that russia is interfering in something it should n't . 
  i bet russia would be extremely pissed off if the next time it was making a deal with kazakhstan , the eu said ` we have to be part of this as well !, 
  man , twitter is fantastic !, 
  it 's ` cue ' . 
  from the theatre , the cue was telling someone when to get on stage , etc. 
  so it should be written ` cue : laughter ' . 
  pretty much . 
  for future , a much better way of quoting is to put the ''  '' symbol before the paragraph you 're quoting . 
  i 'm not suggesting that we should try and live without green energy . 
  on the contrary , i think we should invest great amounts in building up renewable to their optimum level and into energy efficiency . 
  but the fact is , you ca n't just plaster the landscape with renewables because of the way electricity grids function . 
  you need operational reserves ( baseload power ) , and you need methods to quickly eat up excess electricity produced on high wind/solar days or risk having the electricity grid collapse . 
  poland is having to build grid buffers for those days as the electricity finds its way onto poland grid , risking massive electricity failures . 
  on the days that generation is low , it 's burning coal or importing nuclear from france . 
  denmark , at about 20 % renewables , on many occasions has to import electricity from norway , and at other times exports energy to countries . 
  simply going 100 % wind/solar is * not possible * . 
  but the german green movement , which campaigns so much for such policies due to them having zero technical knowledge or experience , has already managed to bring about the shutdown of nuclear in germany , and now wants to impose restrictions on the rest of europe ( it 's coded in their manifest , but it 's there ) and to remove funding for international thermonuclear experimental reactor - because it contains the word ` nuclear ' so it 's scary , and so we should put all that money in wind and solar instead !, 
   why is this a point against them ? 
  to tackle climate change , you need to use all the tools at your disposal . 
  germany shut down nuclear power plants that could have provided emissions free ( and cheap for consumers ! ), 
  electricity during low periods in the solar/wind period , and instead they spun up some new coal generators instead !, 
  do n't get me wrong , of course there are concerns about nuclear , but the luddites at the german green party have taken it all out of proportion and operate on their feelings of how scary it is , rather than any kind of actual technical knowledge or expertise on the subject . 
  as for the iter thing being more feelings than fact , i 'm trusting scientific and academic consensus that got diverse countries around the world to fund the 15-20 billion euro piece of scientific and engineering craftsmanship that 's pushing the boundaries of both areas and will ensure that europe will remain at the technological forefront for the future . 
  i voted for the green party in australia because they 're an evidence based policy movement . 
  the european greens have been highjacked by german ` green ' culture which has more basis in feelings , than facts . 
  they 're virulently anti-nuclear , have little understanding of how grid capacity and electricity transmission works , and want to defund iter , a project that is pretty similar in scope to the large hadron collider on the basis that the money would be better spent on ` renewable energy ' , ignoring that german grids are nearly at capacity for renewables and the myriad innovative technological and economic benefits of pushing the limits of modern technology so far . 
  they 're a party populated by slacktivists , berlin-style greens , ideologues that have just become interested in politics , and socialists of the 1945-1989 eastern europe variety . 
  sure , there are some reasonable people in there but they 're either those that have nowhere else to go , do n't understand the myriad problems facing the green party , or just vote green because it 's green . 
  urgh , the greens ... 
  i 'm tired , i did n't mean to come off aggressively sorry . 
  but this is the same kind of question about 5 or 6 other people have asked me , without reading the child comments , so it 's kind of tiresome . 
  did i say that ? 
  i would be very interested to see if market forces could actually destroy surveillance culture . 
  imagine , major tech companies lobbying the us to ease down on data monitoring due to them losing market share . 
  they could only do so at the risk of angering every other country that wanted them in . 
  it would become a serious impediment to all spanish interests at the eu level , let alone on an individual country basis . 
  there is no point for spain to deny entry to scotland once it already secedes . 
  they say it now only because they do n't want to give any encouragement to their own secessionist movements , but it 's an empty threat . 
  yeah , my issue with prostitution legalization is n't that it should n't be done , it 's that once it 's implemented people think that all issues involved with sex work are now solved , and that was one of the most clear signs of that . 
  regardless , i 'm not a person that could find myself frequenting such establishments ( i do n't even like going to strippers ) . 
  ah , i should 've realized our resident hardcore nationlist greek racist submitted an article pandering to islamophobia . 
  ` he robbed people so he deserves to die ! ' . 
  yep , great sense of justice you have there . 
  wow , an / r/hookers subscriber . 
  i did n't even know that was a subreddit . 
  but regardless , my opinion remains that prostitution should be legal , so i do n't see where we have a conflict of opinions . 
  come now , that 's a callous attitude towards life . 
  the guy was only 22 , with little life experience and understanding of how life works , it 's no wonder he fell under the sway of extremist ideologies . 
  surely it would have been best to have found a way to prevent him from turning to extremism in the first place , than to celebrate his death . 
  darn , i want to go for my 8th visit now ... 
  read that as fremen , and thought i woke up 21,000 years into the future . 
  you get presents for new years ?!, 
  that 's amazing !, 
  mother of god ... 
  oh wow , i ca n't believe i never heard of that movie !,
