  in face , as long as you follow the regimen , the excite will give you back the interest owed !, 
  are you saying a democratic society can take no responsibility for the democratic decisions of their democratically elected representatives ? 
  none ? 
  why ? 
  perhaps you should n't have spent the last three decades not caring about your body weight , and electing coaches that made you put on 5-7 % weight every year . 
  i do n't know where corruption or pity is coming from , but ok . 
  depends on how successful you are moving the money around and fleeing the country . 
  actually , what its most indicative of is that the troika program is working ie ; greece is considerably better able to service its debts than before . 
  sounds expensive . 
  surely wire transfer would be cheaper ? 
  maybe obama should change banks ? 
  how 's that unsustainable ? 
  in not saying it 's ideal , but if the economy grows regardless it 's not unsustainable . 
  i did n't say i worked there , i said i have friends that do . 
  i have friends that work high up in migrationsverket . 
  pay for ` this ' - what is ` this ' ? 
  one refugee ? 
  ten thousand ? 
  a million ? 
  be more specific . 
  again , you made the claim , the onus is on you to prove it . 
  red-green in sweden has been changing laws to limit the oppositions power ? 
  did n't realize . 
  i 'm against racism , but i do n't give a shit about immigration as long as it does n't contravene the refugee convention . 
  i do n't see how trade deals are related to immigration , but ok . and i have n't claimed to know what is sustainable , i 've asked for people that have claimed that it is unsustainable to explain how it is so - and none have been able to do that . 
  i do n't have an answer to your later question . 
  that 's for smarter heads than mine . 
  you made the original statement , i asked you to back it up and you could n't . 
  i do n't give a shit about immigration in general , i just think we ca n't compromise the sanctity of the refugee convention . 
  you made the claim it was unsustainable , the onus is on you . 
  so it 's not that europe is stretched to it 's limits ( given you 've expanded the geographic scope to all of europe ) , but rather that it 's not managed properly ? 
  how is it infinitely growing ? 
  are you saying there are infinity syrian refugees coming to sweden ? 
  have you demonstrated that the cost of having these refugees is growing at an exponential rate , or that it 's soon going to be reaching greece levels of fucked up budget shenanigans ? 
  simply put , * you still have n't demonstrated that it 's unsustainable * . 
  that 's all i care about from you in this conversation right now . 
   you said it your self . 
  all syrians are refugees to you , and the population of syria is nearly 23 million . 
  over double that of sweden . 
  try putting every syrian in sweden and see what happens . 
  that 's how sweden sees it . 
  but first , not all of them are getting there every year , and second , not even 10 % are getting there every year , and third , not even 1 % are getting there every year . 
  * demonstrate to me why the current system is unsustainable , without going into bizarre hypothetical that have no bearing on the real world * . 
  your contention was that it was unsustainable , not that it 's `` more difficult '' . 
  you gave me anecdotes , not data . 
  you 're going to have to demonstrate that they 're stretched to , or beyond , their limits . 
  i did n't see that while i was living in sweden . 
  so you do n't have any evidence that sweden 's current refugee intake is unsustainable . 
  the anti-homosexuality law did n't damage their democracy , it damaged their human rights . 
  this agreement does n't damage swedish democracy , it damages sds power . 
  how is it a defeat for democracy ? 
  it was achieved democratically ? 
  really , it just seems to be a defeat for you for `` whatever i do n't like '' . 
  of course they ca n't care for everyone in syria . 
  bus so far , they 've had little trouble caring for those that have gotten there . 
  at what point did rationality leave you , where you interpreted what i said as `` let 's bring everyone from syria to sweden ! '' ? 
  edit : / r/european poster , should n't have bothered . 
  how do you define unsustainable ? 
  i lived there for a few years , it seemed fine to me . 
  most people do n't see an issue . 
  they 're not saying `` everyone , get in here '' . 
  they 're saying `` we accept refugees , and we recognize that basically everyone from syria at this stage is a refugee . 
  they 're not going to all of a sudden accept the world coming there . 
  just those they 've deemed refugees , like syrians rightly are . 
  i agree with them . 
  i would also complain if they were posting far-left stuff . 
  i 'm on record as being pro-refugee and anti-antifa . 
  i just do n't want shit cluttering up this subreddit , and what this submission is is basically shit . 
  yes . 
  it 's not that they 've ` conceded their right to vote ' , it 's that they recognize that their constituents interests are antithetical to sds interests , and so counteracting sds interests is in their own interest . 
  with good reason . 
  sd is the party you just have to love to hate - they 're the xenophobic party . 
  this is a party that has had non-stop controversy over how crazily racist they are . 
  they have racist incident after racist incident , such as the time their justice spokesman and economy spokesman ( both mps ) were caught [ running around harassing foreign-looking people with slurs and blunt objects ] ( https://danielerikvalentin.wordpress.com/tag/sverigedemokraterna/ ) , where their [ mps get caught describing darker-skinned people as monkey ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20130426/47570 ) , where an [ mp who claimed he was beaten and robbed of his backpack by immigrants ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20121129/44726 ) had in actual fact been helped by two immigrants back into his wheelchair , and he had actually just forgotten it at the restaurant he was in ( this very same charming fellow also abused the guards at the riksdag ) and at least [ used to get , if they do n't still currently , a lot of it 's funding from out-and-out racists ] ( http://www.expressen.se/nyheter/sverigedemokraterna-far-miljoner-av-rik-rasist/ ) and that has it 's roots in the swedish neo-nazi movement . 
  many of these mps have been kicked out in recent years for ` ruining ' the party 's image , and it 's certainly trying to seem like a respectable party , but a polished turd is still a turd . 
  context is n't so difficult . 
  / u/fueu claims that democracy was abolished by the december agreements . 
  what actually happened was that the other parties decided that they hated sd more than the party in power , so lets agree to pass supply together ( given that sd would otherwise have the controlling voice ) . 
  no one expected sd to vote for a budget they did n't support . 
  but to call it undemocratic because the other parties hated what little power sd had , and saw to ( democratically ) counteract that is not undemocratic . 
  who would 've thought that the poorest members of society ( ie : recent immigrants that do n't have any social support networks or money ) are the most likely to turn to crime ? 
  rape capital only because they collect statistics differently than basically any other country in europe . 
  oh , i was certain i 'd heard canada was more right than normal . 
  it depends . 
  the people on / r/canada , and / r/sweden are by all accounts more to the right of the average citizen in those countries, 
  i 'm not even sure ( recent ) refugees should be considered in mainstream statistics , they 're a completely separate category . 
   when they get sexually fustrated ( most of them who come over are men . 
  a big portion of them will slowly go sexually frustrated ) . 
  what a bizarre thing to focus on . 
   plus , research shows that immigrants actually contribute more in taxes then they cost in benefits so keeping them out actually costs you tax revenue , but that 's a different discussion . 
  i think that was only with respect to internal eu migration . 
  a large part of our exports are agriculture , and with the eus common agricultural policy unlikely to go away then there 's little need for one . 
  they finished negotiating it back in september or so , and now they 're waiting for it to be voted on . 
  it 's just one of those buzzwords that sound scary , so people misuse it to try and scare the shit out of people - just like ` banker ' , ` lobbyist ' , and ` corporate ' . 
  give it a try . 
  `` corporate banker lobbyists demand austerity '' . 
  scary , huh ? 
  i know a few people as well . 
  one of their stories came up in a group of close friends , some 6 of us in a pub . 
  it was amazing how oblivious and uncaring ( compared to if it were a girl ) the girls in the group were .
