  i know it 's a technicality , but an important one . 
  second , putting them in jail until they cooperate will cost more than allowing them to work and live in society . 
  third , the australian solution is terribly inhumane and is more akin to ww2 era concentration camps , than regular prisons . 
  frankly , there is no good solution , unless you propose to cancel the un refugee agreement . 
  and even that 's not a good solution , because then what are you going to do ? 
  you ca n't send them back , if they 've burnt their identification and the destination they set out from does n't accept them back . 
  are you going to put them in inhumane prisons ? 
  what is your solution here ? 
  i just want people to understand the immense legal and moral , let alone economic , complexity of the situation . 
  if you could come up with a good solution , i would be more than happy to hear it . 
  but most people do n't offer solutions , just bullshit rhetoric . 
  lng wo n't be unprofitable there will always be plenty of demand in south east asia , given its a supply driven boom . 
  the consequences of a caffeine deficient brain and 6am alarm clock . 
  my bad . 
  i do n't think the issue is the spaces in university . 
  after all , do we really want university to be just about job applicable skills ? 
  rather , the problem is the long standing societal view that began with the baby boom generation that ` university guarantees you a good job ' . 
  there should be better career counselling in schools to both disabuse this notion , and to help young people find the right career path for them of course , many people still have trouble determining what they want to do in their 30s , let alone straight after high school . 
  just try not to go the australian route of dealing with this . 
  that kind of stuff would be a start , sure . 
  perhaps more stringent standards for top level comments as well . 
  as it stands , i 've taken to cringing whenever i see / r/geopolitics , seeing it as / r/worldnews but without the blatant racism . 
  it could be much better ( and it used to be in the past , even with some of the 50centers such as df-41 posting ) , but at the moment ... 
  but what 's your dog in this , you do n't seem to be one of the mods ? 
  kind of sad , is n't it ? 
  yeah , i studied in poland and learnt polish up to c1 , i know mrmysterious95 is a bit funny in the head . 
  lol . 
  the problem , mostly , is a lot of the comments that get highly upvoted . 
  they rely on simplistic and reductive reasoning of a situation , extrapolate based on that , and claim to know the answer . 
  i mean , [ this is the second most upvoted post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/geopolitics/comments/20r6zv/theoretically_could_china_and_russia_join_up_to/cg5z1iy ) in that submission . 
  i can count three or four glaring errors in that first sentence alone . 
  and because people who do n't know what they 're talking about are listening to people that do n't know what they 're talking about , this kind of misinformation spreads . 
  far too many posts try and use one or two key pieces of information to extrapolate to 20 , 10 , even five years in the future and because they 're written semi-decently and make logical , albeit deeply flawed , connection , people agree with them . 
  / r/geopolitics is a sub largely for pseudo-intellectuals to discuss situations they know little about and try and appear smart for the ego boost it gets them . 
  that said , i post there , but usually only to refute what people say ( in fact , my one depth-hub submission was a post doing exactly ) . 
  and even then , only on the topic that i 've done a masters thesis on at least . 
  according to russia , things will continue as normal but they wo n't be able to vote in elections . 
  as if elections mattered in russia . 
  or that russian promises were worth a damn . 
  yep , got ta second this . 
  there 's an astonishing amount of garbage in that sub , but there are a few quality posts that jot out every now and then . 
  [ here 's one ] ( http://books.google.se/books?id=v_q0cypkz8ic&amp;pg=pa172&amp;lpg=pa172&amp;dq=gazprom+revenue+russian+state+budget&amp;source=bl&amp;ots=uhudiymsjg&amp;sig=y-4yqgtdb93n3f4ssp0svxi6bh4&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=x&amp;ei=zkiou_ikiyeaywpn04ja&amp;ved=0cguq6aewcq#v=onepage&amp;q=gazprom%20revenue%20russian%20state%20budget&amp;f=false ) , i 'm pretty sure i 've seen some more recent ones that suggest 25 % . 
  but that one i provided was a direct quote from medvedev , so i figured you 'd value it more as a source . 
  russia has historically treated their tatar community like shit . 
  there was no certainty that the soviet union would invade ( though i 'll concede that there was a likely possibility ) . 
  regardless , my only contention was that appeasement is not the perfect solution you seemed to make it out to be . 
  there are always additional costs , beyond what you expect , as has been evidenced time and time again . 
  regardless , ukraine is in a better situation that finland was , given it has broad western backing whilst the russian position gets weaker by the day . 
  again , these were options . 
  finland did n't sign an unconditional surrender . 
  these were things that finland did voluntarily under threat of soviet union retaliation for refusing . 
  that is pretty much the definition of appeasement . 
  so your claim that finnish appeasement ` worked ' requires the addendum : it worked , because finland gave thousands of baltic people , that sought refuge from the soviet union , over to the soviet union to be executed or go through the gulag ( which amounted to broadly the same thing ) . 
  that you defend this as being a justifiable and acceptable thing to do absolutely perplexes me . 
  funny , i did n't see anything in the moscow armistice , nor in the paris peace conference , that stipulated finland had to return the baltic refugees . 
  as far as i can see , finland gave that to the soviet union as appeasement . 
  so i 'm still curious how you can claim appeasement worked for finland , give finland paid for it with the blood of the baltic people . 
  russia does n't need an excuse to roll into ukraine . 
  any excuses they concoct will be as flimsy as the crimea one . 
  as to the deportations , i seem to recall reading once that following the continuation war , the soviet union insisted finland deport all the baltic people staying as refugees in finland to the soviet union , and that finland complied . 
  these people were pretty much executed en masse.no know that sweden did something like this , and i have a vivid recollection that finland did as well . 
  surely you jest . 
  the point is at the status quo remains whilst western pressure increases . 
  if russia then turns to violence in crimea , it does n't necessarily follow that the violence spreads to the east of ukraine . 
  it could very well be a bluff on behalf of ukraine , telling russia ` try something and you 'll have the consequences of further western sanctions for escalating this ' . 
  you take the view that anything ukraine does is bad , whilst anything russia does ... well , just deal with it . 
  this is a moronic attitude on so many levels , also , regarding the finnish appeasement attitude working in the past ... forgive me if i 'm wrong , but did n't that result in thousands of baltic people being deported back to the soviet union and executed following the second world war ? 
  you 're the one that seems to be advocating appeasement . 
  ukraine saying it 's not leaving , is different to them saying they 're going to fight russia off . 
  i think that 's the part that you do n't understand , no one here has called for escalation or of starting a war , however your defeatist/appeasement attitude presupposes that , and is supported by your wording such as ` doing something ' about it , rather than maintaining the status quo which is what ukraine is doing . 
  i know you 're trying to come off as the rational one here , but you 're building it off of arguments that have n't been made , and ` facts ' that are n't actually facts . 
  where did i disparage russia here , eh ? 
  youd happily allow 42 % of your ethnic countrymen forcibly become part of russia ? 
  i suppose you think the annexation of the sudetenland was a great idea too ? 
  i did n't say gdp , i said russian government revenue . 
  i know you 've had a problem with ridiculous false equivalences in the past , / u/flyingorange ( kosovo crimea for example ) , but i did n't think it would go on this long . 
  so if the russians occupied north karelia , you 'd be saying the same ? 
  yep . 
  gasprom also accounts for 20 % of the russian government revenue . 
  people that think some level of economic sanctions wo n't hurt it , or even the slump in fdi as a result of lack of perceived stability in russia , are just barmy . 
  they make their own submarines . 
  i said it prolonged , i did n't say it made it better . 
  yep , the troops left on germany 's western border were third rate troops , and something like 75 % of their air and armour assets were in poland . 
  hitler basically took a massive gamble and it paid off . 
  british and french intransigence directly lengthened the second world war considerably . 
  neither of them are world powers , they 're great powers by virtue of having icbms ( and other factors ) . 
  one of the markers of a super power is the ability to project force anywhere in the globe . 
  with the development of anti-aircraft carrier weapons , cruise missiles , and nuclear icbms by china . 
  these are area denial and retaliatory weapons , and so it 's no longer unquestionably safe for the us to send carrier troupe to the taiwan strait , and even central asia is being closed off slowly by the concerted efforts of china and russia . 
  it 's still the preeminent power , but it 's not quite he hegemon , and it 's status of super power is up for debate . 
  i still consider it a super power , but it 's a close call . 
  any country that need conscription to defend itself , probably ca n't defend itself anyway . 
  modern weapons are so devastating and accurate there seems little point . 
  they 're not the ones being targeted . 
  fine , then inform me instead of being a dick . 
  you 're saying that an implicit fdi embargo on russia is ot a big deal ? 
  i recall romania had very large hydrocarbon reserves in the past , but i 'm wondering if that 's still the case now ? 
  is there a shale/csg boom , or what ? 
  he does care about gas and oil . 
  20 % of the russian government 's money comes from gazprom .
