  and that 's not the point , the point is that mutmekep said that anybody that can pay the $ 3000 for a people smuggler to boat them into europe is n't a genuine refugee because they have $ 3000 . 
  that 's the bullshit i 'm opposed to . 
  are you honestly saying the eu , a ` state ' with five hundred million people , ca n't support a few hundred people fleeing wartorn countries ? 
  i 'm not saying it should actively encourage it , but you 're suggesting that anyone that can get together $ 3000 is not a genuine refugee , which is ludicrous . 
  it 's might be tough for you , but it 's incomparably worse for them . 
  no one is talking that this is going to solve the problem , just help a few people that are in some serious difficulties whilst a solution is worked out . 
  are you really suggesting that with all the wealth europe has , it ca n't help out a few hundred people ? 
  mate , have you seen the conditions inside refugee camps ? 
  some of them have been running for more than a decade with half a million people in them . 
  forced prostitution , violence , murder , even slavery et cetera is rampant . 
  there 's no jobs , there 's nothing to do except wait for either the situation in your country to improve , or to be accepted by a western country . 
  if i could pay a people smuggler to get me to a place of stability like europe , i would . 
  fuck off racist troll . 
  check his post history , nothing but racism . 
  you want to kill people that are fleeing violence and chaos in another country and are seeking refuge ? 
  that 's bullshit . 
  if you become in danger of a regime , nothing is stopping you from quickly selling family jewelry/car/whatever you have to try and escape and get political asylum in the west . 
  boats going to australia have their passengers destroy all their id and then sink their own ship when they 've been spotted by an official vessel in australian waters . 
  once rescued , they claim asylum . 
  nope . 
  that 's why we have the council of ministers * and * the european parliament . 
  it 's like in federal states like australia , and the us . 
  our senate is there to defend the rights of that state , not the entire country . 
  just as the council of ministers is there to defend the interests of those member-states , not the eu . 
  neither is the european council . 
  both the european council and the council of ministers are there to ensure the voice of the member states is a strong one . 
  if you do n't trust you 're own government , then it makes sense to not trust those two bodies , but their function is n't to be accountable to the eu , it 's to be accountable to the constituents of the member states . 
  so then you do n't trust the european council either ? 
  why do n't you trust the council of ministers ? 
  the guy has said in the past that he 's happy to watch asylum seekers drown . 
  do n't bother . 
  are you fucking crazy ? 
  mao die n't make china an economic power . 
  he destroyed their economy and killed millions of people !, 
  it was only under deng xiaoping that the chinese economy started booming . 
  holy shit , i think i 'm actually speaking to an italian fascist !, 
  they do n't want to kill themselves , they want to use international law to force you to take them on so they can claim asylum . 
  regardless , i stand by what i said . 
  you heartless fuck . 
  my ladyfriends always complain about how their hair stinks , and my clothes always reek afterwards . 
  not to mention the dozen or so times some arsehole smoking inside has burnt me with their cigarette over the past two years . 
  they wo n't make it to the african mainland . 
  how are you not understanding this ? 
  once they 're in european territorial waters , and are spotted by an official vessel that can save them , they put a hole in their boat so that the ship that their in sinks , within minutes , and europeans are obligated by international law and convention to save them . 
  this is what they do in australia . 
  now again , are you proposing that europeans should tow this boat full of refugees , that is sinking and would not make it back to any kind of land , out of european waters and then not give a shit about them ? 
  they would not make it back to north africa . 
  edit : so to make this extremely clear to you . 
  the refugees , when in european waters and spotted by an official vessel ( like a coast guard or military ship ) will destroy their passports and identification , and will sink their own ship . 
  this means that the european ship has to rescue them , and once they do they are under the legal care and jurisdiction of that ship 's country , where they can claim asylum . 
  under the un , that country now * has * to process their claims . 
  but since they no longer have passports or identification , that takes a very long time to determine their identity , or their status of being a legitimate refugee or not , during which the refugee is under the legal protection of the country that rescued them , and the refugees can choose to stay their until their application is processed . 
  and as i said , they start sinking their ships as soon as their spotted , as in put a hole in them so there 's no way they 'd make it to another landmass . 
  and this is n't the fucking punic or gallic wars . 
  positivus was n't that bad . 
  i 've been to many worse ( in the context of these pictures ) festivals in my time . 
  you 're going to escort a sinking ship filled with refugees ( many of which include children ) out of your territorial waters to drown , defying international law and convention ? 
  you heartless fuck . 
  then they 'll just start doing what they do in australia . 
  sinking their boats and destroying their passports as soon as they 're spotted so they can be rescued and ca n't be sent back without years of processing to establish identity , home country , etc. 
  you guys are starting to see why us australian 's have such a problem with ` boat people ' ( not problem with the people , just that the entire thing is complex as hell with no satisfactory answers ) . 
  we had over 30 children die in a boat trying to make it to australia a few days ago . 
  such incidents are common . 
  if you do n't try and deter it whilst trying to fix the problems in the source countries , many more people will die trying to cross . 
  great post , thought i 'd add one damper about the ` growth rate ' of swedish microbrews . 
  sweden 's problem is systemet . 
  the way they handle ordering craft beers means that any microbrew industry in sweden is almost doomed from the start without a miracle or some kind of high backing . 
  the only way microbrews can get their beers on sale is by going to systemet , and the place only has limited inventory space , let alone the logistical problems of managing hundreds of different swedish microbreweries , as opposed to wine and spirit selections which they get from international distributors . 
  i know sweden is definitely getting better with respect to beer , but systembolaget puts a hard limit on how diverse the swedish microbrews can get . 
  not to mention that a significant part of the reason of the 2004 enlargement was to stabilize the former east in western style liberal market economies and democracy . 
  the title of the linked article is  uk economy growing at fastest rate in the developed world the subtitle of the linked article is  britain 's economy is now growing at one of the fastest rates in the developed world . 
  i was wondering which one it actually was , and came tot he likely conclusion that it must be due to northern ireland !, 
  brewdog is certainly good and my love for them is eternal , but unfortunately there 's very little cross atlantic beer trade in experimental beers so you would n't have seen much of the stuff coming from the states . 
  brewdog is well known around europe , hence why you might think it 's the premier experimental brewer , but it does n't compare to the scale and innovation that american 's put into the craft . 
  right , gotcha !, 
  i was just wondering about whether it was ` one of ' , or ` the ' . 
  i do n't know where this whole conversation is coming from . 
  wait ... what ? 
  i know thye 're not new mixtures , and i never claimed they were as such . 
  let me get this straight , you do n't think the beer purity laws contribute in any way at all towards germany having pretty much no culture ( drinking or brewing ) of beer beyond the standard ` purity law ' ones or crappy mixed drink cola/sprite/lemonade and beer ? 
  why there 's very little consumption and brewing of stout and ale , despite their remarkable rise over the past 10 year around the world ? 
  because that , to me , seems like what you 're arguing . 
  yeah , i know what the purity laws are about . 
  but there 's a reason i never see any ipas or imperial stouts when i 'm walking around germany . 
  title : uk economy growing at fastest rate in the developed world subtitle : britain 's economy is now growing at one of the fastest rates in the developed world . 
  northern ireland is enough to push the growth rate to the fastest in the world ? 
  myself and three of my friends get near instant headaches from it , and the taste is nothing to rave about . 
  unclos, 
  yeah , but the point is that european brewing is still steeped in conservatism . 
  experimentation here does n't hold a candle to what they 're doing in america , and i do n't even mean with just interesting new flavours . 
  berliner kindl is pretty atrocious as well . 
  hey , sweden is quite infamous for the ` quality ' of it 's beers , but sofiero was by no means the worst . 
  i think i 'd give that accolade to pripps bla . 
  i do n't know why you 're replying to me , i was making a joke . 
  finland sided with the germans after the soviets invaded . 
  then kicked the germans out . 
  then the soviets invaded again . 
  or at least , that 's the understanding given to me by my finnish ex . 
  the whole axis thing is kinda complicated . 
  baltic states sided with them because they were liberators from soviet rule , but it was of convenience , not ideology .
