  it 's clear you have a very undeveloped mind . 
  you were * literally just a few minutes ago * proven wrong about the tobacco subsidies . 
  why are you bringing it up again ? 
  as for why they 're still receiving subsidies , that 's because for most of the history of the cap it was n't about making it economically sustainable . 
  such a drive has only started recently . 
  your first link was from september this year . 
  the ones you used to ` correct ' yourself were from march this year . 
  those are n't newer , you 're lying to make your argument seem right . 
  that 's what you consider to be racism and discrimination ? 
  that ` well , if you signed up to a shitty deal , that 's your fault and no one elses ' ? 
  wow . 
  you can block me all you want , it 's not going to stop me correcting you when you 're willfully misleading people . 
  i 've read the criticisms . 
  most of them are from around 2006/2007 and do n't really address how the current cap functions . 
  take , for example , the ` anti-development ' section that has barely been touched in years . 
  they ignore that the eu has been phasing out export enchancing subsidies for the past years , and they 've gone down from billions of euros being spent to make exports commercially viable , to zero . 
  do n't take the word of that wikipedia article , most of it is garbage . 
  the cap is actually surprisingly good policy , though still in need of reform, 
   no , you defend sweden being discriminated against , in an argument from several months ago . 
  that is why i call you a racist . 
  you defend discrimination , which is disgusting . 
  every form of discrimination is bad , and should cease immediately . 
  that is not the same thing as `` win some/loose some '' , which is normal . 
  discrimination is outside of that . 
  so , what makes you a fucking racist is that you defend discrimination . 
  nowhere have i * ever * done any such thing . 
  quote the post for me . 
   yes you have . 
  you have defended the cap , its size , how it is done etc since , well , forever . 
  i have defended the policy as a cap that should exist on a european level . 
  i never said it was beneficial for all countries in a financial sense ( i make the distinction because food security plays into it ) , but i have never said specifically that it is a better agricultural policy for sweden than if sweden had it 's own . 
  norway and switzerland subsidize their agricultural production about * three times as much * as the cap does . 
  [ norway 63 % , switzerland 56 % , eu 19 % . ] ( http://www.oecd-ilibrary.org/content/table/20755104-table1 ) . 
  this is the producer support estimate ( pse ) which determines how much of an agricultural producers income comes from subsidies . 
  so no shit those two are surviving fairly well , they subsidize their production a fuckload more than the eu does . 
   not unemployment benefits , which is what you are trying to make it in to . 
  anyway , if it is going to be used for that , we should vote about it , not get it squeezed in to the back door . 
  i said there was no point in this reform period cutting it for greece thanks to the crisis they have . 
  and they * did * vote about it , in the european parliament , when they approved cap funding and reform for 2014-2020 . 
   i do n't think wine , wine growing in any form or anything should be subsidised , but i know you do . 
  i have a hard time coming up with stuff you do n't want to subsidise , with swedish money of course . 
  i explained to you that two third of the money going into wine subdies goes into the ` grubbing up scheme ' ( by far the largest portion of that two thirds ) , which changes the agricultural production away from wine grapes and towards more economically viable agricultural produce , and structural reform of the wine industry so that those other producers that can be profitable do so . 
  you chose to ignore this every time . 
   and , i do n't find you amusing , and i have repeatedly told you to stop addressing me , but apparently you ca n't stop . 
  you asked me to find what money was being spent on in the cap about 6 months ago . 
  i was curious myself to find out the specifics ( i already knew about the grubbing up scheme , but not the details ) , so i spent some hours researching the thing to understand it and got back to you . 
  you 're shitting on the time i spent every time you bring up tobacco and wine subsidies again when i 've explained all this stuff to you . 
  that 's why i address you when you bring them up , because i spent hours researching about it so i could explain to you in detail what it goes towards . 
  do n't expect me not to speak to you when you 're being willfully ignorant about a subject you asked me to spend time educating you on . 
  that is , indeed , what they 're referring to . 
  if i go to a restaurant that tells me i 'm getting first class salmon , but then they give me whitefish instead , i 'm being cheated as the consumer . 
  this is similar to what the eu directive was trying to address . 
   because , i do not adress you . 
  you are a racist who are ok with swedes being discriminated against , even blame us for it . 
  you are , in other words , a fuckhead . 
  i made the same argument emergency_poncho made , that maybe sweden was willing to give up some ground on the cap in exchange for benefit elsewhere , and if sweden did n't do any such thing then maybe they should 've sent better eu negotiators . 
  apparently this makes me racist . 
   how on earth is the cap better for sweden than our previuos agricultural policy ? 
  again , i never said this . 
  i said that maybe sweden loses in the cap , but gains in other areas . 
   that is not the aim of the cap , nor is unmployment something that should be addressed at eu level amazing . 
  people have been calling for the eu to do something about unemployment for ages , to the point that [ eu heads of government met to discuss how they should tackle it a month ago ] ( http://www.aljazeera.com/news/europe/2013/11/eu-leaders-vow-tackle-youth-unemployment-20131112221359305279.html ) . 
  regardless , there is no singular point in the cap , the cap has a number of different purposes . 
  and the point i made regarding tobacco is that it 's not good governance to defund tobacco growers in a country ( greece ) that 's already undergoing a massive economic crisis . 
  interesting , it 's amusing that you also chose to address that i 've already corrected you regarding wine subsidies multiple times . 
  christ , i 've explained why the eu funds wine and tobacco to you a dozen times before . 
  why do you keep bringing it up ? 
  you even asked me to find out specifically within the cap budget , * and i got the damn numbers and sourced them for you * , and explained clearly what it was for . 
  why do you keep bring them up , when this has been explained to you countless times ? 
  that ... is quite a * massive * leap . 
  ok , if that 's the case then fine - i do n't know much about the specifics of the german automobile industry . 
  but what 's your point ? 
  the lack of cap reform ? 
  what problem do you see specifically with the cap ? 
  and please , no phrases like ` distorts the markets ' . 
  say how . 
  how is the eu supposed to do that ? 
  that 's outside of the scope of the european commission . 
  ah , and of course it was submitted to / r/whiterights by / r/europe 's resident racist , / u/cainefaraday , who campaigned for modship in / r/europe on the back of a racist platform thinking that would work . 
  possibly related to that report yesterday that internal security said it was investigating politicians trying to launch a coup or some such . 
  how does the principle of subsidiarity indicate a top down paternalistic approach ? 
  and how is the eu supposed to tackle youth unemployment more than it already has ? 
  as for the llanita comment , you 're absolutely right . 
  the reason the eu has an image problem is because people do n't know how it works , and so assign everything bad to it . 
  i imagine the number includes those that come to finland through russia to get trafficked to other destinations . 
  you put down reasons for why it has a negative image . 
  they stated why those reasons were stupid , because they were based off of completely incorrect information . 
  you got defensive , and started trying to rebut their points . 
  now you 're having a victim complex about the whole thing . 
  people are n't downvoting you because you 're eurosceptic . 
  they 're downvoting you because you 're saying things that are clearly and blatantly * wrong * about the eu , and then getting defensive when you 're called out on it . 
   reduced the maximum of watt a vacuum cleaner is allowed to consummate haha , sorry , but i just had to laugh at this . 
  for future , the word you were after was consume . 
  what you wrote was basically ` reduced the maximum watts a vacuum cleaner is allowed to have sex with for the first time after their marriage ' . 
  let alone the ` omg , eu wasting money * again !, 
  as it is now , but with melbourne lying somewhere in the middle . 
  the best city in the world in the best continent in the world would be an absolute dream . 
  might seem weird coming from me , but i do also have european citizenship , live here permanently , and pay taxes . 
  the answer is yes . 
  i agree with your reasoning .
