  there 'd be no one to complain . 
  your autocorrect seems to have developed an error . 
  do n't worry man , you 're good . 
  the male breadwinner/stay at home mum thing is really overplayed in popular culture , in reality most women had to work as well . 
  do n't you guys have day care for children as young as 12 months ? 
  to me , that 's completely fucked up . 
   i 'm not arguing to protect their feelings . 
  i just think it 's an immoral move in general , and i believe that everyone should have the same rights , even someone who thinks contrarily . 
  well , i have n't argued differently !, 
   a girl on / r/gonewild [ 1 ] was identified because there was a distinct piece of furniture in the background of her photo . 
  again , this is a risk that everyone undertakes with what they put on the internet . 
  feel free to report me to the mods . 
  edit : oh no wait , i 'm supposed to cry about you stalking me or something , right ? 
  that 's your usual response . 
  the difference being with your analogy , that in this case it 's not sent to a single person , but rather * everyone * has access to it . 
  i think anonymity on the internet is important . 
  i just think that if people are as negligent as the 6000 that have been linked , then they have no right to complain . 
  they made statements they knew were extremely offensive and detrimental to their personal lives had people know about it , and they had information available that would easily link them to their comments . 
  why should we feel sympathy for them ? 
  why should we try and protect them from their own stupidity ? 
  these are adults . 
  are we going to deny freedom of speech and expression because these morons do n't know how to keep themselves anonymous ? 
  that 's the thing i see as most dangerous here . 
  imagine i went around wearing a batman mask in the center of town , presuming i would be anonymous , yelling ` niggers and kykes should die ' . 
  someone recognized me . 
  should they now not be allowed to say ` hey , savannajeff was running through the middle of town wearing a batman mask yelling ` niggers and kykes should die ' ? 
  because you bet your arse newspapers would report that . 
  why should they not report on this ? 
  you are responsible for your anonymity , if someone recognizes you you have no right to bitch about ` but i thought i was anonymous !, 
  eventually , sure . 
  but not for , what i think , is a very long time . 
  their legislative and judicial systems , let alone their many of their social stances , just do n't mesh with eu values . 
  the confirmation bias is strong with these people ... 
  they wrote stuff on a * public forum * with * public information * linking those accounts to who they were . 
  how is that private ? 
  if i run around saying ` niggers and kykes should die ' in the middle of town , i can hardly claim the right to privacy , can i ? 
  it was n't predicated on a ` nothing to hide ' sentiment , it was predicated on them saying it on a * public * forum , with * public information * linking to who they were . 
  i do n't know much about the afa , can you link me to a website that discusses their violent methods ? 
  ( i read swedish , but would prefer english ), 
  they 're saying it in a public place . 
  apparently , the method that was used to identify them by the afa was by comparing their registration email with their personal email ( according to a swedish mate of mine ) . 
  if it 's that public , and easy to find out who it is , * on a public forum * , can they really be surprised at the reaction they get ? 
  their views are reviled by mainstream society , and rightly so . 
  they do n't give a shit about what happens to those immigrants , or people personally affected by the holocaust , those that are n't ` white ' , and so on feel when they read their hateful comments . 
  i have no sympathy for them if they link their personal information with their views in such an obvious way . 
  that 's not storm footage , they 're just regular drunks !, 
  if they were worried about people knowing what they had said , they should n't have said it . 
  there 's always a way to find out who it was , whether ip logs or what-have-you . 
  i do n't see why they should have free reign to shit on immigrants , deny the holocaust , and so on just because they 're on the internet . 
  i do n't believe there 's any presumption of privacy on a public forum . 
  second , they 're not political opponents . 
  they 're racists and holocaust deniers . 
  i do n't recall that being a political affiliation . 
  brownshirt tactics ? 
  are you joking ? 
  how is linking what someone said to that person the equivalent of brownshirt tactics ? 
  your high school history classes must have been fucking atrocious . 
  the ` ec love ' is people literally correcting misconceptions eurosceptics have of the eu . 
  the bias is towards being correct . 
  you 're some form of libertarian or anarcho-capitalist , are n't you ? 
  this is a really stupid opinion to hold . 
  i 've really got to disagree here . 
  first , presseurop releases articles in many languages . 
  for countries that lack a good media outlet for european issues in their native tongue , presseurop is a godsend . 
  / r/europe simply can not compete with that . 
  second , i do n't see how it 's a propaganda project . 
  it has an editorial slant , as does every media outlet . 
  but regardless of that , i have n't read any articles that seem to be pushing the european integration aspect . 
  perhaps i 've been reading the wrong articles , but those are my observations . 
  australia also just lost it 's science minister with the recent change in government a few months ago . 
  it 's a global fight , akin to ending cfcs that were destroying the ozone layer . 
  why should n't they ? 
  i do n't think we even sent a minister . 
  seriously , this fucking new government of ours ... 
  ok , how is it expensive ? 
  how is it undemocratic ? 
  how has it done more harm than good in the past twenty years ? 
  all we 're still hearing from you is rhetoric , no hard facts , no sources , no serious arguments . 
  just rhetoric . 
  and your posts are stupid because they 're very heavy on the rhetoric and completely lacking in facts . 
  i can do the same thing as you . 
  ` why on earth would n't they want to join the eu , and why would anyone stop them ? 
  the eu is only good things , and the people that run it would be nice enough to let scotland in ! ' . 
  your posts and arguments lack even the slightest semblance of depth . 
  it 's not necessarily that we like the eu , it 's because your posts are stupid . 
   and why on earth would they want to be part of that scam called the eu this does not contribute anything , this is just you railing against the eu . 
  say why it 's a ` scam ' , why scotland would lose more than it benefits , with sources and facts and not emotional appeals , and people will be far less likely to downvote you . 
  the discussion on this article at / r/europeans is quite good as well !, 
  for a country like austria , it 's not a big deal . 
  there are much more important national ministries . 
  the swiss only got that agreement because the eu recognized it was unfair to coerce a country that 's in the middle of the continent and surrounded by other eu countries . . 
  trying to put them onto an agreement like norway would be unfairly prejudicial . 
  yeah , that 's why i only referred to spain in the most recent comment , and mentioned spain and uk because they 're the only ones that have serious secessionist movements . 
  you know the article is going to be bad when it 's written by a website called ` dissident voice ' with the tagline ' a radical newsletter in the struggle for peace and social democracy ' . 
  this website just does not want to load for me . 
  look , i 'm not one of the ` let them all in , let them live whereever , open borders , etc ' kinda people . 
  far from it . 
  but your ` nuh , fuck them do n't let one of them in here coz one might be one of them radical moozos ' spiel is one of the most morally reprehensible things i 've read in a while . 
   they 're far from sanctuaries . 
  for those that get to europe , why would n't those that speak english seek to go to the uk apparently you 're illiterate as well .
