  vaeldr is a far-right nationalist ( he believes that corporations should be able to discriminate based on ethnicity ) , it 's best not to engage him . 
  harm , interesting , i could have sworn the uk had at least a 20 % stake , although i have n't looked at the situation for a number of years so perhaps my memory is a bit foggy, 
  it was a hoke based on how awful that song, 
  there was no judgement or criticism on my part , just the acknowledgement that around one million people ( which to a country with only 13 million voters especially ) seems a lot . 
  still more than a million people . 
  funnily enough , i think both ` wine ' and ` whine ' work fantastically in that sentence !, 
  the english speaking community in krakow call them ` zlots ' ( similar to slots ), 
  still so ridiculous . 
  the euro is a huge net benefit to germany . 
  why would they get rid of it ? 
  susanna - the art company . 
  the only song you need to know to understand that the dutch are a great musical culture . 
  there are differing views about how many continents exist . 
  what ? 
  i was saying that it 's not going to be some german imposition on the other countries , more likely germany will have to sacrifice to get support from smaller countries . 
  well that 's just blatantly incorrect . 
  i wrote a literature review about 6 months ago , academic consensus is that smaller countries get better outcomes ( ie : closer to their original negotiating position ) than larger countries in the eu . 
  where exactly ? 
  you think it 's ok to discriminate based off ethnicity ? 
  what about gender ? 
  sexual orientation ? 
  political leaning ? 
   probably because they are less educated ? 
  and if you are saying that people of two races with the same education have different job opportunities i think you should prove it . 
  i do n't buy that for a minute until you provide some trust worthy source . 
  http://www.thelocal.se/jobs/?site=tlse&amp;aid=47164  according to my research education in sweden is free for both citizens and non-citizens it 's free for eu-nationals . 
  as an australian i have to pay . 
  i could also ask how come these individuals are often from poor suburbs ? 
  how come these individuals are often poorly educated ? 
  how come these individuals often have worse job opportunities than ` traditional ' looking natives ? 
  how come these individuals are often marginalized in society compared to their ` native ' looking peers ? 
  also , your numbers are waaaaay the fuck off . 
  a gang rape where the perpetrators were underage at the time as well ? 
  facts are amoral . 
  they can , however , be use morally or immorally . 
  how did this start ? 
  me saying that there were a lot of racist comments in this thread . 
  you then said ` people are just calling for more punishment ' . 
  i said people were being racist . 
  some other dutch guy made the argument that it 's fine to say ` immigrants cause the majority of crime ' . 
  i made the argument that it 's fine to say ` immigrants cause the majority of crime ' , but you have to be mindful of when - it 's ok to say it when trying to find a way to address crime , it 's harmful to say it as idle chatter because of the associations it puts in peoples minds . 
  you 're arguing around everything that i 'm saying . 
  how do you know which parents create these bad apples ? 
  you do n't , so you ca n't prevent it , so you ca n't generalize to the immigrant population . 
  and if you 're not generalizing to the immigrant population , you 're still trying to create the link in peoples minds between criminals and immigrants . 
  this is what i 'm saying , it 's one thing for facts like ` immigrants cause a disproportionate amount of crime ' to exist , it 's another thing entirely to start stating it whenever an article about this comes up . 
  one is objective fact , the other is harmful xenophobia . 
  no , you do n't get it . 
  what you 're trying to do here is play the ` blame game ' . 
  you find an easy target , assign blame , and leave it at that . 
  saying ` immigrants cause the majority of crimes ' is not a constructive statement in the way it 's used in the discussions in this thread . 
  it is a statement assigning blame and helping to incite people against immigrants . 
  you make statements about some obscure group of immigrants that raise their children badly , but there is no way to possibly no which of the immigrants are these ` bad apples ' meaning what you 're doing instead is just spouting xenophobic rhetoric that has no actionable application , but rather serves to paint an entire community , overwhelming law abiding , as the bad guy . 
  it is wrong to blame millions of people for the actions of hundreds , yes, 
  sure , but the problem is that then because of that people end up blaming all immigrants , as if happening in this thread . 
  which is why blaming ` immigrants ' and ` immigration ' is a stupid thing to do !, 
  i feel as though we 're going round in circles here ... 
  it 's pretty easy . 
  there are millions of ` muslim ' immigrants in europe , and they ` only ' commit a few hundred of these crimes a year . 
  so it 's far from the majority , hence you should find it easy to remain objective . 
  the only reason people do actually get riled up about these stories is because they get posted so often , you rarely see news articles about the ` natives ' raping someone despite it also happening often . 
  yet these people are collectively blaming ` immigrants ' , not just those that committed the crime . 
  people are collectively blaming ` immigrants ' rather than just those immigrants that committed the crimes . 
  sure , there are some people that are saying the punishments for the individuals should be harsher , but they 're in the minority . 
  no , but to understand that the person posting these things has an agenda to turn users against immigrant groups by making it seem like a larger society wide problem than it is . 
  you 're already thinking that way , viewing ` immigrants ' as a monolithic group rather than seeing this as individuals committing a crime . 
  if most rapes occurred just by people of one suburb within a city , would you then blame all the people of that suburb ? 
  australia scoffs at your remarks !, 
  there 's this thing called ` agenda setting ' . 
  you should look it up . 
  but i seem to recall from previous discussions that you were firmly in the racist/xenophobic camp so i would n't expect you to care . 
  well this thread sure went to a whole racist place . 
  just so you guys know , the guy posting this is a hardcore racist who has an agenda for submitting anti-immigrant articles . 
  his entire comment history of him being racist . 
  i had to buy it at the counter , why would i leave a tip ? 
  i got yelled at by three different bus drivers in one day and the girl i bought coffee from got pissed off when i tried to give her correct change . 
  this was all in berlin . 
  in each case , i myself was warm and friendly and was n't doing anything i would n't have done on a bus in sweden . 
  so which polish newspaper is the most balanced would you say ? 
  most balanced , and of a high quality . 
  i mean specifically with / r/europe . 
  i understand the situation might suck , but why the hostility towards the members of the subreddit ? 
  dude , why are you so combative ? 
  ah , my personal troll is still following me around . 
  jolly good . 
  does n't work if you lose a key . 
  do they have to send out keys to everyone all over again ? 
  i think that , in combination with all the other rules , a secret ballot is n't really necessary any more . 
  i think the rumours come from germans not understanding jokes about germans . 
  like the one about the german not having a sense of humour ... 
  the most amusing thing for me , is these same people are the ones that say ` those [ insert target immigrant group ] just do n't integrate ' !, 
  yet when did they ever try and help the immigrants integrate , when did they invite them over for lunch to give them a better understanding of the host society 's culture ? 
  they think integration happens by osmosis , or that it 's something the government can figure out so they do n't have to deal with it ... 
  yeah , i did n't disagree with that . 
  what 's your point ? 
  some swedes are also closet nazis . 
  it was last summer , sometimes i was unable to book the spots because it was too close or too far to the departure date . 
  best to just go to any station and i think they can print off and reserve the tickets for you , it does n't necessarily have to be done point-to-point . 
  i always had to reserve the seats at the train stations , i could never do it online when i did interrail . 
  sorry , i was super tired and was n't being clear .
