  i 'm still yet to understand why 70 % being decided in the us is a bad thing , but it 's also worth pointing out that you 've misrepresented your figure . 
  icsid has a number of locations around the world for hearing isds disputes , and for areas they do n't have their own facilities then they make arrangements for the use of their procedures . 
  70 % are most definitely not adjudicated on us soil . 
  and you 're also ignoring that the next 2 largest arbitration centres ( uncitral and lca ) are located in europe . 
  even in that dichotomy , my position is more reasonable . 
  but given your virulent anti-americanism , that 's hardly surprising ,, 
  yeah , because here 's the thing - i support the negotiations based on public and easily verifiable statements from the eu . 
  you oppose the negotiations because of fear mongering and outright lying of opponents who have n't had anything to do with ttip . 
  you guess which is the more reasonable position to hold . 
  they should reject the agreement they made with another country rather than just flat out violate it . 
  there are processes and procedures for leaving trade agreements , use that and then make whatever laws you want . 
  they ca n't be sued into bankruptcy . 
  on average , companies win 2c for every dollar they claim . 
  they win less than a third of cases . 
  the cases that they do win , they win because the government has genuinely violated the details of the agreement . 
  can you point to any successful cases and how the company did n't deserve to win ? 
  i sincerely doubt it , because that simply does n't happen . 
  isds is a good and effective system for ensuring foreigners are treated fairly . 
  no , it would be better if those idiot voters would bother to educate themselves on topics they choose to have strong opinions about . 
  you 're the kind i 'm referring to , by the way . 
  isds gives no power to overturn a law or action enacted by government . 
  whoever has told you this is lying . 
  i do n't see the issue . 
  if someone sued the government in the supreme court , they 're also doing it as an equal . 
  no , it does n't . 
  how do you think it does ? 
  we do n't have a european constitution , so i do n't see how that 's the case . 
  nah , it affirms that states have to pander to idiot voters that are happy to shout their opinion on a topic they know next to nothing about . 
  you know poland already has an agreement containing isds , and if ttip goes through it will significantly improve the terms for poland ? 
  yeah , the 1 % that made it effectively a constitution , as opposed to intergovernmental . 
  people were n't complaining about 98 % of it , they were hitching about tiny specific parts, 
  for dogfighting ? 
  yeah . 
  the department of defense is beholden to idiot congress people . 
  good thing we 're in the 21st century , and not the 20th when dogfights were actually relevant . 
  kweku adoboli went to jail . 
  so did one of the liver blokes . 
  maybe if you were more specific with the details , i could give a better answer . 
  it 's funny , if you look over wto claims on airplane manufacturing , the eu basically files a suit a day after the us does . 
  i 'm on a phone , but i imagine it 's the same in this case . 
  which one ? 
  yeah , literally making sure the derivatives traders do n't do dodgy shit . 
  obviously i do n't know what i 'm on about since i 'm not a derivatives trader . 
  nah , this airline shit has been going on for decades . 
  eu and us basically always have a separate suit against eachother , and each seem to win part of it each time . 
  this is business as usual . 
   as for the op , these idiots are against any sort of economic integration . 
  if the eu was being formed today these guys would be the first to cry `` down with the corporations ! '', 
  `` down with the eu ! '' . 
  they 're a bit like the far left in the uk that want to leave the eu and single market because it `` imposes neoliberal policies on member states '' . 
  yep . 
  if the eu were being formed now , instead of earlier , they 'd be whining about how `` free movement leads to lower wages '' and shit . 
  i ca n't believe people ca n't see through their transparent bs . 
  these guys oppose basically * every * kind of international deal . 
  that 's what i wrote one of my masters theses on , yeah . 
  whut . 
  banking compliance is my area of speciality , specifically with respect to trading . 
  ; the one i 've been working for in two different countries now . 
  all i see is a jaded burnout in front of me that does n't have any real understanding of the bigger picture . 
  i do n't want to test him , i want him to make a meaningful contribution instead of another +1 ` banks are evil ' comment . 
  nice deflection . 
  you want to add anything substantive to what you said above , or are you happy with the shallow waters you 're already treading in ? 
  maybes you 've been skeptical too long , because you 've pushed into ignorant loony hysterical territory now . 
  you have zero understanding of how derivatives work , but you 're happy being outraged based on this ignorance . 
  typically bank bashing with little actual understanding . 
  your comment is as worthless as the ` corporations are evil ' edgy teenage ones you see on reddit . 
  these are hedged though . 
  so while they might be exposed to a 5 million dollar sell contract , they 'll also have s five million dollar buy contract . 
  their position is effectively zero , but they have ten million in derivatives . 
  this is a bit of a simplification , but not much . 
  that 's why these `` wow , look at how much they have in derivatives '' articles are all scaremongering bs . 
  lot of anger at banks here , with zero understanding of how they work or what derivatives are . 
  you educate yourself . 
  concentration camps are n't exclusively a ww2 thing used as extermination camps . 
  it 's not private definitions . 
  you said you wished for the australian solution . 
  i explained to you what that was , and you did n't change your mind . 
  ah , of course , because concentration camps can only exist in the face of invasion ... do n't justify your ahistorical brutality with such shallow pedantic arguments . 
  i 've been to concentration camps before . 
  if you think a camp used to house hundreds or thousands of people on tiny pacific islands with no public scrutiny and where the over meant has stated its not taking questions on the subject , which is staffed by private prison companies , which is routinely criticized for human rights abuses and where people get killed by guards is not sufficiently similar to being a concentration camp to have the name , then you 're heartless and ignorant that you would say such a situation is fine for europe is simply disgusting . 
  i know you said you 'd want them to be treated well by europe , but they say the same in australia . 
  we 've seen how that works out . 
  oh please . 
  these people know they 're stuck there for years if they dont choose to go back . 
  the only reason they 'd choose to stay there is because they know what the fuck happens if they go home . 
  which is n't pretty . 
  they choose to stay in those camps despite the human rights abuses because many/most would be killed if they went back . 
  do n't use those crocodile tears on me , concentration camps have existed for decades before ww2 and did n't happen exclusively in europe . 
   wait i am no native speaker , so maybe i did n't get it right , you imply that putting people in lebanon is somehow close equal to them being in a warzone ? 
  the australian solution is to use what effectively amount to concentration camps , paying third world country islands to host them , with no media and non-security cleared personnel allowed inside to view the conditions of the camps . 
  i do n't know how a country that suffered so much with nazi concentration camps and the soviet gulag system could possibly support something like this . 
  the one which is criticized for repeated human rights abuses ? 
  it 'd be like the poles being released from the gulag in ww2 , and when they reached areas like iran or the levant put in only marginally better places . 
  stalin ? 
  [ heres the crazy left version in this very submission ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/52wkq1/wikileaks_released_tisa_agreement/d7o21hn ) , i 'm sure if we wait a little longer we 'll see the crazy right version . 
  do you want the crazy left ` corporations rule the world ' version or the crazy right ` shut up you idiot , liberalize and deregulate all the things ' version, 
  a bunch of ` mncs rule the globe man ' garbage rhetoric . 
  this explains so much . 
  all business as usual stuff , but feel free to start railing against corporations and governments like you guys always do in these discussions . 
  he did n't blame them , he labeled them what they are based on what they were shouting - racists .
