  unfounded , except for all the other egregious crimes against peace russia has committed here . 
  charming . 
  ` history ' . 
  50 years during the cold war under the protection and leadership of the us in no way compares to the countries that have literally centuries of experience dealing with russia individually and having russia as the primary existential threat for all that time . 
  european leadership in dealing with russia ended at yalta . 
  many of them are uneducated or do n't follow the news about this kind of stuff , and even if they do it 's preferable to being jobless and living with the parents back home . 
  that said , i personally do n't see myself living in an anglo country for the next decade or so at least , or until the political tide shifts away from its current conservatism . 
  a 19 % flat tax is pretty fucking low . 
  not technically a warzone, 
  yeah , i remember how a few weeks ago were trumpeting that germany was finally putting down sanctions on weapons exports and how big a deal that was ... 
  despite the deal that was sanctioned being only worth 7,2 million dollars . 
  no one is suggesting invading , but it 's clear hat the current level of sanctions has been far from deterring russia from escalating . 
  clearly , stronger sanctions ( and certainly an energy union ) are called for . 
  it 's not even the apathy from western europe that concerns me , it 's the outright condescension as well , where they think that they , who never had a history of being forced at looking at russia with a wary eye or who spent half a century or more under their domination , know better how to handle russia than eastern europe . 
  he 'll even sweden ( a country that traditionally had a rivalry with russia and which is seen as immensely pacifist these days in general ) calls for a stronger stand . 
  there 's all this talk abut how eastern europe is n't relevant as a term any more . 
  maybe it is , but just in a different way - no longer synonymous with underdeveloped and poor , but rather with having a pragmatic and strong understanding of how to deal with the bear . 
  i do n't know why you say australia , the two major parties consistently get the lions share of the vote , and every decade or two a minor party comes into play for a while . 
  if you 're talking about a swing to the right though , the polls are swinging heavily against the current radical conservative government . 
  i do n't deny that there are many reforms that could be made to the polish economy , but his proposals are far too extreme . 
  much more extreme than the strong neoliberalism imposed by tony abbott in australia in the last year , which even the economist ( a very neoliberal paper ) said went too far . 
  he 's basically a libertarian , which is not exactly within mainstream views of economics and is more an ideological philosophy than economic principle . 
  if he 'd start saying reasonable , pragmatic solutions to problems , maybe they 'd start listening to him . 
  maybe if he was n't batshit crazy with respect to the economy and did n't keep saying the same stuff , people would be more willing to show up . 
  one of your posts about roma  yeah it really is , fearless feral scum roam the streets attacking random people , robbing shops and high-jacking cars ... and its getting worse . 
  there was three separate attacks on tourists by gangs of feral scum last paddy 's day . 
  the city 's main street is invested with violent drug addicts ( a lot of them are on `` benzos '' ) . 
  i avoid it as much as i can . 
  muslims  fact is , a lot of people are worried about the growing numbers of muslims in the uk whose population has doubled every ten years since the 1950 's and now comprise 12.5 % of london 's population . 
  islam is a backwards stone-age cult whose members believe in a divine mandate that homosexuals should be murdered so anyone with intelligent progressive values should be concerned about its rise in the uk and elsewhere in europe . 
  that is a perfectly legitimate and non-racist position to have . 
  it 's fine living in a country where compatible cultures co-exist . 
  it 's when the cultures are not compatible , problems arise . 
  anyone going through your posts can see you have a hatred of roma and muslims . 
  they do . 
  you know the dutch colonised indonesia , the most populous muslim country in world right ? 
  they do get immigrants from all over . 
  be wary of mctaggart , he 's known as one of the racist/xenophobic bigots on this sub , everything he write on the issue is suspect and should be independently verified . 
  you have plenty of your own opportunities to indicate what you would and would not like in the ttip in citizens consultations right now . 
  if you 're worried about something , send them a submission !, 
  regardless of whether they 're discussed in the same meetings , they 're still very different treaties . 
  i 'm a lot more apprehensive about tisa than i am about the ttip . 
  it 's not a farce . 
  people are this stupid . 
  you see it in so many different protest movements it 's not funny , it 's like their entire self-identity comes from opposition . 
  your elected representatives will still have the treaty presented before parliament for ratification , so the public will have time to discuss it and look through it before/if it 's ratified . 
  opinions not backed by anything , sure . 
  tisa and ttip are completely different treaties . 
  i suppose you can point to the specific clauses in the ttip leaks that say that ? 
  yeaaaaaah , that 's right , i 'm a paid shill . 
  i think you misread this subreddit , this is n't / r/conspiracy . 
  according to your definition of democracy , we 'd have balanced budgets , zero taxes , and great services . 
  have n't you seen the documentary film , ` hostel ' ? 
   if you were to poll 100 europeans on whether they would prefer increased wages or decreased prices , what do you think the outcome would be ? 
  i would n't ask one hundred random people , of which probably none would have any expertise in economics , about it . 
  why would i ask a non-specialist about it ? 
  it does n't have to go directly into increased wages , it can also go into decreased prices for many products . 
  i do n't doubt that the dutch soldiers did n't really have any decent options , but the bosniaks were pretty much under the protection of the dutch government , hence why the courts stated they were liable . 
  you are quite bizarre . 
  i miss / u/txampion . 
   the ttip would mean the destruction of high quality european standards and the total unleashing of neoliberal-style healthcare and industrial food for everyone . 
  how would it do that ? 
  care to point to any clauses that have been agreed to in the negotiations by both parties that would do that ? 
   in fact the respectable ones have been calling it ( and i quote ) `` a full frontal assault on democracy '' . 
  yeah , in an article by a guy who tried to do a citizens arrest of an american diplomat over the us invasion of iraq and who is by no means an expert on international economics , or international negotiations . 
  as to your first sentence , a number of news outlets have had good things to say about it , not least ` the economist ' and ` foreign affairs ' , two news outlets which are significantly more knowledgeable about the topic than a newspaper like ` the guardian ' . 
  or because they realise that public opinion is quickly swayed by keyboard warriors who already distrust the us , the eu , their own politicians , think that corporations run the world , etc , and that furthermore most of the people protesting about it did n't bother to educate themselves about the issue , nor learn the processes involved , but just go off of the first thought about the subject that they have ? 
  yeah , this just seems like a bunch of ignorant reactionaries , as most ttip protesters are . 
  greece , pay your debts !, 
  countries set their own way of doing elections in the eu ( whether proportional , party listing , etc ) . 
  if you do n't like it , then that 's the fault of the uk for setting it up that way . 
   polands economy is n't big enough yet . 
  france and germany ( and to a lesser extent , italy ) have big economies , and do a lot of trade with russia . 
  poland 's economy is considerably more integrated with ukraine 's than france 's is , and only marginally less than germany 's . 
  nigel farage 's constant and unceasing disregard for facts and his penchant for lying and misleading shows he holds the public in contempt . 
  anarcho-capitalists , everyone . 
  do n't pay taxes , because they all get wasted on corruption . 
  i understand ukrainian ( as someone that learnt polish as a second language ) a hell of a lot better than russian . 
  i can hold conversations with my ukrainian friends each speaking a different language . 
  russian , i understand fuck all . 
  the differences are n't negligible . 
  no , but following the russian-georgian conflict and the failures that the russian army experienced in the conflict , they found that they would have drastically shortened the war for themselves if they had some amphibious assault ships . 
  which france is now selling to them . 
  so you think it 's fine to keep selling them weapons knowing that they 'll be used for such purposes ? 
  your comment adds nothing . 
  the east-west schism continues . 
  to me , it 's clear that the west has the same attitude to the east that it did a decade back , where chirac said that ` they missed a good opportunity to be silent ' . 
  an attitude of condescension which is rather amusing , given that it is the east that has always lived with a wary eye on russia and is best experienced with how russia operates . 
   a lot of countries have defaulted in the past and they are doing pretty well now . 
  they generally do n't default on all of it , they take a ` haircut ' which removes some of the debt . 
  then , the debt for greece would still be denominated in euros meaning greece would have a worse situation . 
  commendable operation , on par with australia 's ramsi mission . 
  large , economically dominant , world cup winning countries , should take note and also begin conducting in such manageable missions in the future , rather than hiding behind a diplomatic facade . 
  posnania is n't a troll , they 're a long time user . 
  they 're also european . 
  many more ` eco-friendly ' types like to go dumpster diving because they do n't want food to be wasted , but they still have internet . 
  students know how to stretch their money as well as they can . 
  i do n't see how the question is rude regardless . 
  posnania is polish . 
  maybe they 're interested in going dumpster diving as well , but did n't phrase it properly .
