  welcome to / r/europe . 
  downvote central . 
  of course the russian people have different viewpoints . 
  i 'm saying that the russian government is what is frequently criticized because it acts in what can only be described as a ` bad ' way . 
  and the russian state ( through it 's control of the orthodox church , school syllabus , media , etc ) greatly influences the homophobia of russia . 
  the russian government is a singular monolithic entity . 
  religion is not . 
  the relevance is that the russian state is a clearly delineated actor , one that people can objectively analyze what actions it 's taken . 
  religion and nationality is considerably more complex than that with myriad interpretations and different viewpoints within those designations . 
  the actions of the russian state are not ambiguous , however . 
  i disagree , and i 'm shamelessly going to copy-paste what i responded with to [ someone else ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1t2r5t/women_barred_from_speaking_and_segregated_at/ce3w1jg ) . 
   the beliefs you hold would preclude you from [ consciously and spontaneously changing your opinion ] as you already ` know ' that ` x ' is the right way to think , so why would you change it to ` y ' ? 
  what possible impetus would convince you to spontaneously change your point of view , your belief ? 
  we 're all products of our upbringing , our conversations , the things we 've learnt and the experiences we 've had . 
  people ca n't go against what that eventually led to , and culminated in , only new knowledge and experiences can change your beliefs . 
  in which case it 's not internal forces that change your belief ( ie : you do n't choose what you believe in ) , it 's external . 
  belief is not a * choice * , it 's a * process * . 
  what a crock of shit . 
  the beliefs you hold would preclude you from doing that as you already ` know ' that ` x ' is the right way to think , so why would you change it to ` y ' ? 
  what possible impetus would convince you to spontaneously change your point of view , your belief ? 
  we 're all products of our upbringing , our conversations , the things we 've learnt and the experiences we 've had . 
  people ca n't go against what that eventually led to , and culminated in , only new knowledge and experiences can change your beliefs . 
  in which case it 's not internal forces that change your belief ( ie : you do n't choose what you believe in ) , it 's external . 
  belief is not a * choice * , it 's a * process *, 
  religion is n't a clear monolithic entity . 
  the russian state is . 
  ok , let 's say you 're an anarcho-capitalist . 
  do you think you , at the snap of a finger , can start believing in socialism ? 
  of course not , you might be able to act like you do , pretend like you do , but you wo n't believe that . 
  at the core of your being , you 'll still believe that anarcho-capitalism is the way to go . 
  you can have your viewpoint changed by other people , but you ca n't change it for yourself . 
  you beliefs take shape by the experiences you 've had , the knowledge you 've gained , and the weight that you assign to each instance of those factors . 
  no one * consciously * chooses to believe something . 
  please explain to me how you can consciously change your beliefs . 
  the appeal probably went up to the ecj . 
  are you kidding ? 
  it would help your personal interests tremendously , if it works . 
  fewer asylum seekers looking to come to italy . 
  the state plays a very active role in encouraging it . 
  i think it 's unfair of you to call it the stupidest thing you 've read in a while . 
  no one can choose their beliefs . 
  if you 're an atheist , you ca n't start all of a sudden believing in god . 
  you can act like you do , but it does n't change that you do n't . 
  internally , you 'll still disbelieve in god . 
  of course it 's bloody relevant . 
  it 's a mental condition . 
  second , an attraction does n't necessarily translate itself to an action . 
  paedophilia is n't considered a sexuality , but a mental disorder by the medical establishment . 
  i also would n't give a toss about what paranoid schizophrenics think either . 
  no one chooses their beliefs . 
  i ca n't suddenly start disbelieving that the sun exists with every fiber of my body . 
  you can be persuaded to other peoples points of view and thus have your belief changed , but you ca n't personally just suddenly change what you believe . 
  is it though ? 
  accident of birth informs so much of our cultural , philosophical , and political make-up . 
  what a load of bullshit , people are critical of the russian state because there 's so fucking much to be critical of . 
  they 're not critical of russian people . 
  regardless of the sport point , most of the hang ups to do with men and women ( separate bathrooms , changing rooms , etc ) are culturally determined and not broadly universal truths as with sport and the differences between male and female physiological athleticism . 
  just as segregation in the culture of some countries that are predominantly muslim . 
  fundamentally , the guy is right though i disagree with many of his stances . 
  we raise our children based off of victorian notions of decency ( mind you i 'm not saying this is where it starts ) , and perpetuate it because ` it would make people more comfortable ' . 
  i imagine in the cultures of many predominantly muslim countries , the same argument applies to gender segregation except they see an alternative in the west that 's difficult for them to adopt into their culture . 
  secondly , it 's not a religion thing . 
  it 's a cultural thing . 
  gender segregation is barely a thing in a country like indonesia , as opposed to saudi arabia 's predominant wahhabiism . 
  for future , the word you were looking for was ` faze ', 
  honestly , this is likely it . 
  putin was probably daydreaming , thought ' i bet i could fuck with everyone and upset the board piece by putting some nukes in kaliningrad , and the rest was history . 
  the first 40k is n't taxed . 
  every krone after that is taxed at the rate of the first tax band , then every krone made after the end of that tax band gets taxed at the next rate . 
  you generally ca n't do work on a plane if it 's a business commute , without being in business class . 
  on a train you can . 
  for that time , having someone work as well , i 'd pick the train . 
  to deal with the world , bigger is better - this plays out in all theories of international relations and negotiation . 
  internally , local is better . 
  getting rid of the national member states and delegating everything to the top ( eu ) or the bottom ( provincial ) , depending on where the best fit is , would make things run considerably more smoothly . 
  local democracy is best democracy . 
  i do , but i still have to pay cgt on my asx listed shares if i sell them without holding them for at least a year . 
  but that 's such a big band for one tax rate !, 
  we have a superannuation rate of about 12 % , and a healthcare levy of 1.5 % i think , but our tax bands progress at a [ much more steady rate ] ( http://www.ato.gov.au/rates/individual-income-tax-rates/ ), 
  jesus , not really big on the progressive tax thing , are you ? 
  how much do you have to be earning before you hit the 28 % bracket ? 
  christ , it 's 50 % in australia . 
  absolutely kills me . 
  as i said , it was a very simplified example to try and explain what the point they were trying to convey was , but i 'm pretty sure in this case it 's directly related to primacy . 
  i 'm sure when / u/trucidator comes on , they 'd be able to explain it much better . 
  regardless , ` illegal ' was probably the wrong word to use in the article . 
  edit because reddit fucked up the link http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/supremacy_ ( european_union_law ), 
  german has always sounded harsh and unsympathetic to me , but i 'm convinced that 's due to growing up mostly only hearing german in ww2 movies and my developing brain making associations . 
  watching inspector rex ten years ago did n't fix that , unfortunately . 
  it can run contrary to higher bodies of law . 
  such as if you pass a law that is directly in contradiction of the constitution . 
  a very simplified explanation , but you get the idea . 
  yep , and cgt rates tend to be very high . 
  if you 're a proponent of bitcoin this is one of the last things you 'd want . 
  where do you think he 'd find it ? 
  any time !, 
  well , compared to most developed countries , it is and it does . 
  literally the first swedish song i learnt about 4 years ago . 
  holding equivalences , that does n't change the fact that in this scenario , * the basques would be dying out anyway * . 
  in which case , who cares if the castillians moved there ?
