  you have right , like the republicans . 
  you have far right , for people that believe in too strongly in ethnic nationalism and do n't like non-white immigrants and so on - you know the racists , the facists , etc. 
  also far right . 
  you disagree that you 're a far right eurosceptic , then say quintessentially far right eurosceptic things and i know what you wrote because i learned polish for four years while studying there . 
  i checked his post history and read his posts in / r/polska . 
  the guy is one of the national far right eurosceptic types that hates brown immigrants . 
  the only reason you care is because you want them to be ` brown ' so you can feel justified in your hatred of muslims . 
  which frankly i find sick and more than a little sociopathic . 
  the way his english has improved is phenomenal, 
  it 's just ` ukraine ' , not ` the ukraine ' . 
  so you advocate invading north africa . 
  a whoooooole lot of far right dog whistling going on in this post . 
  poland is legally obligated to join the euro zone at somestage , the same ca n't be said of the usd . 
  you live in a fantasy world, 
  people are n't processed as refugees , they 're processed as asylum seekers and if their application is approved become refugees, 
  the guy is cool and all , but how is your comment relevant ? 
  have n't read the ruling , but seems the judge thought he deserved a conviction . 
  unless you think judges are silly people who convict people on the flimsiest grounds , i 'd be inclined to agree with their most likely nuanced opinion . 
  the eu is n't really protectionist by global standards , mostly just by anglo ones . 
  do n't count on it . 
  you 're imagining a utopian version of the uk , not what it actually will be . 
  expect as much petty protectionism as just about any other country . 
  what do you think ` free trade ' is , exactly ? 
  because it 's far from just removing tariffs and subsidies on everything . 
  the country may be nice , but talking bluntly , it 's a tiny island with a tiny economy and a tiny population in the middle of nowhere . 
  as the person above said , ` insignificant island to the east ', 
  see my other replies to you . 
  i 've dealt with more than enough stupid in this thread already , i do n't want to deal with yours as well . 
  your comment displays such a depth of ignorance , i do n't know where to begin . 
  you think the people that accompanied the army went off to north africa and italy with the army ? 
  tens of thousands of men , women , and children released from stalin 's gulags that were not soldiers accompanied anders army through to syria and iraq . 
  let me be clear . 
  i do n't worry about either to any practical extent . 
  but for the few tiny iotas that my mind is worried about wildly improbable events , i 'm more worried about getting hit by a car crossing a street . 
  not filling out your attempt at push polling . 
  yeah , i do . 
  and i think that polish cynicism about democracy is part of what makes it so toxic . 
  maybe you guys should , i dunno , actually value your democratic rights , start parties , agitate , use your votes , instead of the apathy i see these day in polish society . 
  the chronic defeatism . 
  that 's what modern media and the internet do . 
  i 'm more worried about crossing a road than i am about terrorist . 
  natural , in the sense that conflict leads to migrationary pressures . 
  who 's to say that the syrians wo n't return if europe actually does something to fix the situation in syria ? 
  how many are doing that about shouting allah these days ? 
  less than 0.00001 % ? 
  could n't agree more . 
  most the people bitching about this are causing problems , rather than trying to find reasonable and practical solutions to a natural uncontrollable human phenomenon . 
  you did n't say anything of substance , so it did n't deserve anything of substance . 
  i 'm not going to spend 10 paragraphs responding to a flippant one line remark . 
  2007 was a decade ago . 
  that 's an incredibly long time in politics . 
  yeah , they were never great . 
  they were certainly never going to be at the forefront . 
  but they at least put in the bare minimum , and that 's certainly more than the other larger parties except n. 
  how about the literally hundreds of thousands of poles that were refugees in syria and iraq during ww2 ? 
  you do n't think you owe syrians and iraqis anything over that ? 
  they 're pro european , so long as it doesnt cost them a huge number of votes . 
  that 's considerably better than pis which is fundamentally anti gay . 
  something like a quarter of jordan 's population are refugees from syria . 
  you think poland ca n't handle a few thousand ? 
  those tough bastards lived through the nazis and soviet domination , to say they ca n't handle a few thousand immigrants must be deeply insulting to the poles and everything they 've been through . 
  it 's not , and it 's not . 
  yeah , that 's much worse than the huge opportunities poles have gotten out of the eu . 
  a few thousand immigrants ... how many poles went to the u.k. and germany ? 
  kick out pis , bring in po ( i know that 's judas talk to many here ) or nowoczesna , and we can talk . 
  psh , like anyone thinks of minnesota or texas when they think of prague ... 
  the one in nebraska or oklahoma ? 
  zizek is one of the smartest people i know whos consistently wrong on almost every topic, 
  if you want to blame outsourcing , as opposed to global competition , that 's your mistake to make . 
  the eci happened in july 2014 . 
  it takes about three years to ratify a trade agreement in europe , often longer . 
  unfortunately , it 's a common talking point of anti-globalists that is regularly and thoroughly disproven by empirical data . 
  data actually shows that , on average , as many jobs are created as lost , and the ones being created pay higher wages . 
  if you couple this with improved choice , quality , and cost of the goods that liberalized trades provides ( creating an implicit increase in wages via better spending power ) , you 'll quickly see that the anti-globalists are fighting against the interests of the working class . 
  it 's incorrect if the context is ` effect of free trade on homicide rate ' , and the data shows a sharp decline following the implementation of the two largest trade agreements the us has ratified in the last three decades . 
  the homicide increase is only beginning in the last few years . 
  how is this the fault of trade agreements , in that case ? 
  if a city has always been very violent , why is it relevant to bring it up now ? 
  now you 're posting incorrect trump talking points , and more than that , you 're attributing it all to trade agreements ? 
  i mean , take chicago for example . 
  they experienced a huge decline in the homocide rate following the introduction of nafta and the wto - despite the current increase , they 're still not at 1990 levels of killings . 
  but for some reason , you 're blaming the * current * increase which only started a few years ago on trade agreements ? 
  how dumb do you think people are , to believe that ? 
  well , if you want to ignore that he 's outright making shit up , that 's on you . 
  the guy made a ridiculous argument that does n't deserve to be taken seriously , yet a bunch of people are jumping in to defend him . 
  i mean , if you want the truth , the face is that , on average , the rust belt in the us has a lower rate of unemployment and higher average salary than the average of the us . 
  but people prefer the simple ( and untrue ) ` industrial warzone cities ' narrative . 
  aka ` i 'm lying , but ignore that ' . 
  well , they never finished negotiating it , so it 's not released . 
  but you can read the negotiating mandate given to the ec regarding ttip , which outlines what the eu should and should n't negotiate . 
  please explain how you think the extreme to the point of outright fabrication hyperbole of ` industrial cities are war zones ' is justified . 
  ` industrial cities are ruined war zones ' is an excellent argument ? 
  how could someone read that and not think it 's a joke, 
  where do you see standards dropping from ttip ? 
  have n't seen that copypasta before , you almost got me . 
  how do you think cheaper goods , better selection of goods , and more employment opportunities is not going to benefit workers ? 
  you 're misunderstanding the map . 
  if you note , aestii is in modern day kaliningrad . 
  proof that estonia is russian !, 
  shit map , no australia .
