  this is a landfill of awful comments . 
  not that silly for aussies to go there . 
  melbourne is the third largest greek speaking city in the world ( including cities in greece ) . 
  lots of expats and children of expats going there . 
  i had a lot of greek friends in australia that frequently made trips there . 
  people still use travel agencies ? 
  the issue with the rail was n't the service , it was the obscene cost relative to other countries . 
  well , best to just keep funding wildly inefficient state services like the rail , which cost orders of magnitude more relatively to other western countries . 
  they reached 4 % + primary surpluses before syriza was elected as i recall . 
  i would n't , because i do n't like to provoke people . 
  if i felt a compelling need to , then sure , i would . 
  no it is n't . 
  violent video games have you committing digitalized violent actions in a void . 
  hate speech is literally promoting hate and dehumanization of whatever demographic is being targeted . 
  oh please . 
  blasphemy harms no one . 
  hate speech incites people against a given demographic . 
  then why do they so often write about matters beyond copyright with respect to trade agreements ? 
  i 've seen literally dozens of posts about isds , for example . 
  i 'll give you props op , this is a great video . 
  particularly when it comes to trade ( my area of expertise ) , were completely in sync . 
  read the full discussion instead of rushing to comment . 
  i 'm always surprised how tech websites somehow seem to always report on trade negotiations . 
  they do n't know . 
  i was just saying with respect to agricultural liberalization . 
  it 's an area where the uk and aus collaborate quite a bit ( particularly informal cooperation with the cairns group ) , so would be seen as a significant divergence in mutual interests . 
  aside from that culture is n't minimally relevant to trade , i 'm not sure how antigua and barbuda the bahamas bangladesh barbados belize botswana brunei darussalam cameroon dominica fiji ghana grenada guyana india jamaica kenya kiribati lesotho malawi malaysia maldives malta mauritius mozambique namibia nauru nigeria pakistan papua new guinea rwanda saint lucia samoa seychelles sierra leone singapore solomon islands south africa sri lanka st kitts and nevis st vincent and the grenadines swaziland tonga trinidad and tobago tuvalu uganda united republic of tanzania vanuatu zambia have more similar cultures to the uk than continental europe . 
  for australia and new zealand , the uk is * the * key player in liberalizing agriculture , a very important sector for us . 
  you guys leaving would be a spit in our face in that respect . 
  only about half a million people speak maltese , and the number of professional interpreters could n't possibly number more than 200 . 
  factor in all those that do n't want to move to brussels , or would 've had a day off , or have been otherwise engaged and you can see where the problem lies . 
  what about all the rhetoric about how `` we can always turn to the commonwealth for trade !, 
  '' , as if we 've just been waiting for decades for the uk to remember us again , and have n't been reorienting our trade away from the uk to more natural partners . 
  it 's such a neo-colonialist view . 
  indeed . 
  let alone basque . 
  good fuming luck with that . 
  why would the uk have to join the euro ? 
  was n't planned . 
  literally said in my post ` regardless of incentives ', 
  he was n't the pm then , he was a regular mep . 
  i recall this incident . 
  there 's simply a shortage of maltese translators willing to work in brussels , despite incentives to do so . 
  not sure what the eu could reasonably do short of press ganging maltese interpreters . 
  this was a stunt , nothing more . 
  what 's bad for business is typically bad for the public though . 
  people forget it 's a symbiosis . 
  they do n't outrank them . 
  also pizza . 
  i 'm convinced that poles have some uncontrollable urge whenever they see italian food to cover it in ketchup . 
  conspiracy and lostgeneration poster , lol . 
  one minute in and i can see the video is garbage . 
  explain it in your own words . 
  shareholders are real people . 
  got a pension account ? 
  congrats , you 're a shareholder . 
  what 's bad about globalism ? 
  ` waaaa , corporations are evil ! ', 
  that 's you . 
  exactly . 
  the u.k. massively benefits from bank passporting . 
  because what you refer to ` right wing capitalism ' is really just ` evidence based policy ', 
  this is such a ridiculous post that i 'm not entirely sure where to begin to address it . 
  that 's not a reason to not try to make the world a better place . 
  i 'm not sure how that 's a response to what / u/kternic said . 
  i do n't think you and i agree on the definition of clear . 
  maybe that 's because , paradoxically , they also praised hitler every chance they had . 
  i do n't think anyone is suggesting discriminating against them here . 
  and fuck them for doing so . 
  well eurovision is pretty much the gayest thing on the planet , so it 'd be weird to host it without being friendly to it . 
  i was trying to make him see why that 's the wrong approach . 
  what about those of moroccan heritage that were born in nl ? 
  how are they to return to morocco if they 're not citizens there ? 
  it 's not the responsibility of the migrants . 
  it 's the responsibility of the migrants to make the attempt , and locals to facilitate the attempt . 
  that means things like not racially profiling , and turning them into second class citizens . 
  yes , absolutely . 
  for the same reason a country should n't arbitrarily imprison citizens of a different skin colour , even though it undoubtedly would save lives and work very efficiently . 
  i would say their rule of law is weak , sure . 
  this is not a strawman . 
  you 're saying that anyone that opposes measures that would demonstrably save lives , regardless of what they are , are bad because they 're only doing it for ideological reasons . 
  expand on and develop your initial point , or this is what you 're saying . 
  does it really matter ? 
  it 's fine to use both . 
  there are like a dozen different codes of ` football ' depending on the location . 
  so to get this correct , you do n't believe in probably cause ? 
  because if that 's the case , you 're attacking one of the fundamental pillars of the rule of law . 
  getting rid of probable cause means that you also support police being able to enter your residence whenever they want ` in case you 're a drug dealer ' , wiretapping indiscriminately ` in case you 're a terrorist ' , or what have you . 
  it 's one thing when there 's an obvious reason for stopping you ( broken light ) , and another when there 's a less obvious reason ( they 're black , so they 're probably a drugdealer ) . 
  why not just lock up all dark skinned people to prevent crime ? 
  that 'd save lives , right ? 
  according to your logic , that 's a perfectly acceptable outcome . 
  after all , you 'd be shelving a measure that saves lives because of ` ideological reasons ' . 
  and if you agree with locking up all dark skinned people , you 're even more fucked up than i thought . 
  hypothetically , i 'm a hardworking moroccan that does n't commit crimes , fits in with society , and pays their taxes . 
  according to you , it 's fine that i get disrupted about my daily business considerably more frequently than the average dutchman , and treated like a criminal , just because of my skin colour . 
  reminds me of that poem , `` first they came ... '', 
  then how would it break the concordat ? 
  so atheists and people of other religions can only get married via the catholic church , or are you just saying that the church has the authority to grant state marriages as well ? 
  and which was never even an economic theory in the first place .
