  i had a friend that used to have to catch the t-banan at around the time that , she once had someone blood sprayed across her because of the fights on the metro . 
  you came here from a subreddit dedicated to brigading . 
  your first post in this thread that ended 10 days ago is defending the other person brigading from sss . 
  you 're not here as a / r/europe subscriber , youre here as a sss subscriber . 
  srs and srd are pieces of shit as well . 
  i subscribed to srd after this thread was linked by srd so i can pay attention to how often they link to / r/europe . 
  regardless , only one of them popped into here to start commenting . 
  you 're * at least * the second one from sss, 
  wow , i 'm surprised someone from / r/shitstatistssay has the humility to think they might actually be enlightened by something , given they think they have all the answers . 
  fuck off you brigading loons . 
  fuck off you libertarian intellectual nothing . 
  it 's not really a novel step , it 's just part of the process . 
  public input/consultation is generally always involved in these kinds of talks . 
  according to the athenians , the optimum population for a democracy was around 2000 people ( including 50,000 slaves ) , so it depends on what you mean by ` democracy ' . 
  funnily enough , little or the soviet union resembled communism as well ... 
  that 's what i see a lot as well . 
  the fact is , however , avoboda is polling at around 5 % and pravy sektor at considerably less than yhat, 
  i think you 're replying to the wrong person , dude . 
  of course they 're lambasting member-states . 
  the entire point is there 's nothing the ep can do about the strasbourg circus , that 's all up to treaty change which means the member states . 
  there 's absolutely nothing that the ep can be criticized for in that situation . 
  [ well , whatdya know !, 
  ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/future-eu/parliament-asks-treaty-revision-news-531073 ), 
  the ep itself criticizes that all the time . 
  i never denied there was discrimination , what i claimed was that they were * far better access to job opportunities than they did in europe * from a position of ethnicity . 
  there 's certainly discrimination , * but not as much as there is on average in the eu * . 
  it 's abundantly clear throughout this entire exchange that you 're too stupid to follow a simple argument , so lets leave it there , eh ? 
  why on earth are you bringing historical context into this ? 
  we accept refugees from refugee camps at one of the highest rates in the world . 
  i disagree vehemently with the current australian governments refugee ` solution ' . 
  the point was about how immigrants are treated in australia , and australia * certainly * accepts many more immigrants than just under the ` points ' system that xenophobes and white rights activists are so happy to point to , despite knowing next to nothing of how it works in australia 's wider immigration context . 
   the employment prospects of immigrants in europe and australia has nothing to do with `` the colour of their skin '' or their `` ethnicity '' , as you were trying to imply it has plenty to do with it . 
  there is study after study , particularly in the non-anglosphere , showing that applicants for jobs that do n't have a ` local ' , or at least a rich western surname , are much less likely to get call backs or interviews . 
  i once even pulled oecd stats for a norwegian showing that australian immigrants , regardless of educational background , had better employment changes than they did in norway . 
  regardless , i 'm unwilling to continue discussing this with someone that has a habit of linking to downvote brigades . 
  no , it was n't . 
  it was about the differences between how the eu and australia deal with immigrants , particularly with respect to opportunities . 
  then libdependencyhell said australia does n't have many people from the indian subcontinent , and i corrected them . 
  happy to have clarified . 
  fascinating thanks for enlightening me !, 
  did i say as many ? 
  i do n't know why i bother discussing things with you , you 've long had an annoying habit of straw manning , not sticking to the topic , and being downvote happy . 
  but there were german soldiers in afghanistan , no ? 
  if it extends to un sanctioned missions , i think it would also extend to collective self defence . 
  who on earth compared australia 's and the uks immigration experiences ? 
  i merely said that we also have a lot of pakistani and indian people in australia too . 
  what would you like euractiv to criticize the ep about ? 
  how are they ` blatantly pro-eu ' ? 
  can you point to an article you think is a pro-eu propaganda piece ? 
  russia has no pipeline to japan for gas , and only one lng plant of mid-level capacity . 
  russian gas simply does n't end up much on japanese markets , it accounts for [ less than 5 % ] ( http://www.energytribune.com/8000/prospects-of-lng-exports-from-the-united-states-to-japan ) . 
  that may have been true prior to lisbon , but it 's certainly no longer the case now . 
  the ep was given significant power , that is still increasing . 
  obviously , however , the eu ca n't make decisions outside the scope of it 's powers . 
  it 's as much the ` propaganda ' wing of the ep as the bbc is of the british parliament ... 
  the opposition has a lot of jihadist elements because the west refused to help topple assad at the outset , as they did in libya . 
  it 's a great training ground for would-be terrorists and militant islamists now , who can destabilize the entire region . . edit : autocorrect changed assad to saddam . 
   `` european values '' . 
  it 's as if europe has n't spawned some of the most hideous far right groups in history . 
  great point !, 
  too often , people seem to view ` europeans ' in only the best light and ` immigrants ' in only the worst light . 
  it 's a devastating double standard . 
   when was the last time you hear someone say poland is a catholic nation ? 
  really ? 
  ridiculously often . 
  many countries that get described as [ x-religion ] countries do n't necessarily have it as a state religion , it 's just a way of describing them as having predominantly one kind of religious people in them . 
   and indonesia , etc. 
  and they are in general doing much better than immigrants from muslim nations . 
  yes , i know they look different . 
  i 've seen many of them . 
  i do n't know why you 're bringing it up though . 
  and yes , they are a muslim nation . 
  i 've been in indonesia and in the mid-east a number of times . 
  why not ? 
  you compared europe to the us . 
  incidentally , * indonesia is the largest muslim country in the world * , so it 's hilarious to me that you 're saying they make better immigrants than muslims do . 
  no , this has played this way over decades ( including the recession in the 90s ) , and if you think we do n't get a lot of pakistanis and indians then you 're living in some parallel dimension to mine . 
  australia and the eu have comparable levels of islam within their borders . 
  we also have high minimum wage and a good welfare system , however it 's considerably easier for immigrants to find work in australia than it is in europe because australians are considerably less likely to hire based on ethnicity than they are in europe . 
  sorry , but it 's a sad fact . 
  you conclusions simply do not bear out if you compare it to australia, 
  yes , they put one too many ` e 's in ` refuge ', 
  animal refugees ? 
  close the borders !, 
  do n't let any of them in !, 
  they do n't integrate and soon they 'll be spreading their extremist ideology and raping our women !, 
  i never claimed it had any relevance to what the bbc stated . 
  / u/luages disagreed with the bbc saying that scotland was n't a country , and you replied that you thought the bbc was right in not considering scotland a country . 
  i was clearing up the confusion . 
  scotland falls under the realms of country in legal definitions as well . 
  [ here 's the wiki because i do n't have time to get out any of my old textbooks ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/country ) , but even the first line there states ( ha ) :  a country is a region legally identified as a distinct entity in political geography . 
  a country may be an independent sovereign state or one that is occupied by another state , as a non-sovereign or formerly sovereign political division , or a geographic region associated with sets of previously independent or differently associated peoples with distinct political characteristics . 
  i do n't think anyone made the claim that country and state are interchangeable . 
  they 're still a country , but a country within a nation-state . 
  weird , for some reason in my head i always considered you polish . 
  how bizarre . 
  at least you got a cool story out of it !, 
  nowhere did i call you any names , so i do n't know why you 're putting that on me . 
  second , i do n't follow any ` narrative ' either . 
  but here 's where you get things wrong , you put the western narrative and the russian narrative into a false equivalence , ignoring the myriad issues of press freedom in russia .
