  i simply do n't wish to waste my time on you anymore , your views are straight from the 18th century . 
   see enormously expensive trials through isds . 
  you 're aware that the average isds case costs usd 8 million across both parties . 
  that means that 8 million covers the countries legal costs , the companies legal costs , and the costs of the arbitration itself . 
  that 's total , not each . 
  how is this ` enormously expensive ' ? 
  that 's a rounding error on government books , if you think isds cases are enormously expensive then you clearly do n't know what you 're talking about and should educate yourself before taking a stance on the issue . 
  the issue is that the secrecy in the negotiations is absolutely essential . 
  these negotiations are secretive because they have to be , so they can actually reach a reasonable compromise and final negotiated outcome . 
  otherwise , some digital rights group will say `` you ca n't put in any copyright stuff , or we 're going to campaign against it !, 
  `` and a media company saying `` you need to put in stronger copyright stuff , or we 're going to campaign against it '' . 
  then a labour union for steel workers will say `` you ca n't get rid of tariffs on steel , or we 'll campaign against it in order to protect our jobs '' , and a manufacturing industry will say `` you need to cut tariffs on steel so we can manufacture stuff cheaper , increasing employment and making people richer or we 'll campaign against it '' . 
  some of these groups have some significant sway . 
  others have significant sway in conjunction with like minded groups . 
  but when the negotiations are done in public , it makes it very easy to point to concrete clauses and do very targeted campaigning to kill that clause , which means more red lines in the sand , and less that can actually be negotiated on until eventually there 's nothing that can actually be negotiated because of all the interest groups . 
  it 's simply better for the negotiators to get a full agreement without having to worry about this , and then the deal is public and the people can decide they think it 's more bad than good , hence they 'll shoot it down ( like they did with acta ) or the opposite . 
  i do n't think newspapers reporting that `` x and x social activists decry evil bankster ttip '' is the same as newspapers saying `` ttip is a bankster treaty '' . 
   the rest is a matter of opinions , if you like the treaty it 's fine to me , i do n't care , that was n't my point . 
  it 's not a matter of * liking the treaty * . 
  it 's a matter of understanding the processes involved in why it 's being done this way . 
  i support the negotiations . 
  i do n't support the treaty , because we do n't know what 's in it yet - because they have n't finished negotiating the damn thing . 
   that 's probably one of the most negative aspects of it all again , i can only presume you do n't understand it . 
  there 's an awful lot of fearmongering going around , just as there was around the negotiations themselves . 
  maybe if you try and explain why you do n't like it , we can educate eachother - i can understand the opposition , and you can understand my support . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  ceta has been public for over 2 years now . 
  anyone can see what it 's on about . 
  unless you 're speaking about ttip , in which case you 're also mistaken . 
  i 've been arguing on this topic on reddit for literally years , because people simply do n't seem to live in reality here . 
  for example , i recall last year that there was a study done that showed that the links on the ec website for ttip to their policy positions had been clicked an average of 5000 times each from january-may ... in that whole time mind you , not per month . 
  at the same time , the anti-ttip petition had reached 2 million signatures . 
  how many of these people bothered educating themselves about it ? 
  have you read much of the vast wealth of information that 's on the eu website ? 
  take a look at the subreddit i made , / r/tradeissues . 
  there 's explanations on a heap of this stuff , like why it 's negotiated in secret , why isds is n't actually that bad , etc. 
  i think i read a similar comment in the financial times the other day - if the eu ca n't sign an agreement with a country so similar , which even has english and goddamn * french * as official languages , which has a strong welfare state and has such similar values ... 
  there 's no point in the eu if it ca n't actually manage and regulate trade . 
  populists are arseholes . 
  no , they publicly announced they were negotiating it , had websites , launched public consultations . 
  not their fault you do n't bother following this stuff , or that media did n't report it much . 
  steady on now , you said they created lower paying jobs and that it did n't have a positive effect on purchasing power . 
  what you 've provided simply is n't what i asked for and does n't support your argument . 
  the last source most emphatically is not about ` median ' wage growth or purchasing power , but is rather related to jobs which were expected to be vulnerable or suffer under an fta . 
  if we 're discussing the diffuse benefits or losses , let 's actually discuss those . 
  do n't move the goal posts . 
  i have some tabs open right here with the sources . 
  post some first that support your position , from credible researchers ( and not union think tanks ) that your position is correct and then i 'll happily post mine . 
   source it . 
  provide a study that isolates nafta 's effects on median purchasing power . 
  this is literally at the core of what the benefits of free trade bring to a public . 
  just as comparative advantage is at the core of how peoples wages and jobs become better . 
  yeah , but frankly , your opinion is n't dick compared to empirical evidence which shows the opposite . 
  as to positive effect on median income , the diffuse benefits of free trade come from cheaper goods which implicitly raise disposable income of the public . 
   the trade off between economic optimization and job losses always seems to benefit the rich . 
  trade agreements create jobs as well , they do n't just kill them . 
  for example , nafta killed off some manufacturing , but appears to have created an equal number of white collar jobs instead . 
  another great takedown [ here ] ( http://ecipe.org/publications/splendid-isolation-capaldo-study-ttip/ ), 
  if politicians could legislate gdp growth , they 'd be doing it all the time . 
  getting a 0.3 % increase from signing legislation is actually a pretty damn big deal . 
  the latter . 
  capaldo is a well known laughing stock , with the same level of credibility as andrew wakefield ( the guy that basically kickstarter the antivax movement by getting published in the lancet ), 
  oh please , another study from capaldo ? 
  the guy is a laughing stock . 
  he used a model wholly unsuited to modeling the effects of trade agreements which does n't even take the main variable into account - non tariff barriers !, 
  he 's some bloody phd student that , because he created shitty studies tailored to the fears of anti trade idiots , is becoming well known but do n't let me interrupt the circle jerk ... 
  what you 're proposing is simply impossible . 
  no non-eu country is going to spend the political capital negotiating a trade agreement only to have it contingent on two separate full ratification process , let alone the eu negotiating it as such . 
  the negotiating mandate , handed to the eu by the member states , explicitly stated it wanted an investment protection regime in there . 
  that means setting up the court within ceta , not as a separate side agreement . 
  there 's the reason the mai was done multilaterally - there was no other way to have it done . 
  i 'm sorry , but i find your fears and concerns here completely unfounded , and the solutions to these concerns unworkable . 
  yes . 
  in each case , however , it would require ratification of the ep ( and probably each nation state ) at the very least in order to take effect with the other countries . 
  i 'm sure you can see how ridiculous it would be to set up such a court , and then have to pay staff for a few years before signing up the first country to also be part of it . 
  you ca n't get the court right out , because the court only applies to investment disputes between canada and eu countries . 
  the only countries that can be bound by this are ones that agree to be via a treaty like ceta or ttip . 
  if we get it out of ceta , we have a court which no one an use seeing as eu countries can already sue eachother within the eu system to prevent abuses against investors . 
  yes . 
  but the public is full of idiots that think isds is an evil new thing . 
  i was speaking to a girl in london a few weeks ago that was dead set against ttip because ` corporations would be able to sue governments ' . 
  she was surprised when i told her that corporations were already able to do so under regular domestic law , and that what 's more , isds is already part of dozens of agreements the uk is party to . 
  no it was n't , isds has always been what the public have been concerned about . 
  they only changed it for ceta ( and proposing it for ttip ) precisely because there have been millions of people whining about a subject they know nothing about . 
  ttip did n't ` revert to isds ' , it was already being negotiated with isds - that 's precisely what was in the leak a few years ago . 
  the ec is trying to push an investment court in ttip because they see it as more palatable to an ignorant public than they do isds . 
   a hypothetical example , and i 'm not suggesting that this specific case could happen in ceta : a private health company could claim that a country 's public healthcare system was a barrier to fair trade . 
  and this might well be the case , as well run public healthcare systems compete as well or better in terms of cost-effectiveness of treatment . 
  however if a ruling challenged the right for that country to have a public healthcare system then that could negatively impact on that country 's citizens . 
  but this displays a complete and frankly , extreme , misunderstanding and misinterpretation of how isds works , let alone how the proposed investment court in ceta would function . 
  there is * no * lawyer or scholar in this area that thinks that what you 've mentioned above is even remotely a threat in any isds-containing agreement , past , or forthcoming . 
  if this is where the basis of opposition to ttip and ceta come from , it 's definitely not a good one and certainly does n't stand up to scrutiny . 
  no isds agreement in any instance , anywhere across the globe , with any combination of arbitrators , would rule in favour of a company based on the above . 
  ok , but how would ttip compromise on those standards ? 
  that 's simply not the case , you 've been reading too much of the telegraph . 
   the eu should n't be saying `` we 'll compromise our standards to trade with you '' , instead they should be saying `` you bring your standards up to our level if you want to trade with us '' . 
  this is one of the most ridiculous enduring myths . 
  the eu has repeatedly stated it 's * not * going to compromise on standards . 
  instead , it 's seeking dual certification - where eu and us standards are * arbitrarily different but functionally equivalent * , such as having a requirement for headlights to be 2mm wider in one bloc than the other bloc , despite their being no evidence that one is better than the other , then the eu will accept the us ' version and vice versa . 
  but this * only * happens in the areas the two agree that standards are the same .
