  for the non-spanish , what 's the predicament ? 
  lithuania , joined with poland , was the largest state in europe at the time ( the guys that kicked away the ottomans at the siege of vienna ) . 
  at all times , estonia and latvia were part of the swedish , danish , polish or russian empires . 
  how does that not fit in with your idea there ? 
  this subreddit is n't russophobic . 
  i can point you to at least a dozen instances , for example , where russia was praised for their actions in the russian-georgian intervention , or where people have said they love russian people , they just hate the way the russian state is acting , all of which have been heavily upvoted . 
  they 're anti-russian now because , well , russia is acting like a dick . 
  i 'd also disagree that they 're pro-islamists , rather half the people here are rabidly anti all type of ` poor immigrant ' , and the other half have some empathy and understand what their own countries laws regarding immigration are . 
  i do n't know what traditional values you 're saying / r/europe is against , but if it 's stuff like bashing homosexuals and being sexist then of course this sub is against that . 
  very amusing comment . 
  my guess is that every month or so there 's a wave of stupid , and one of these posts has to come up to tell everyone to cool off . 
  i did no such thing , and fortunately everyone here was smart enough to see through your shit . 
  my comments have n't been deleted , feel free to link to any such comment, 
  in fairness , i think half of them turn into that because there are a number of balkans/russian posters that try to give him a free pass , and so people try and argue against that . 
  it 's a ` she ' if i recall correctly , and she has already had an account banned previously ( / u/salvaxe ) and has admitted a number of times to just wanting to stir up trouble . 
  hey now , i think that 's me you last had this discussion with and i do n't think i sounded anything like that !, 
  about a month ago there was a comment saying that was basically positing that we should shoot the children of ` illegal immigrants ' as a deterrent that was upvoted , while me calling out how barbaric that was was downvoted . 
  so there 's that , i guess . 
  they are given all these things * because * they 're behind already . 
  a native has family , friends , connections , will probably inherit the family home or whatever . 
  immigrants , particularly refugees , generally come with nothing . 
  if the country does n't want them turning to crime because they ca n't support themselves , then they have to hand them this kind of stuff . 
  and it 's laughable that you said the italians do n't cause problems , given the problems of the mob in the us . 
  yeah , you posted a pseudosociological theory to justify you treating immigrants like shit . 
  why the fuck would i ever bother with a serious reply to something that 's clearly garbage, 
  what garbage . 
  he 's rabidly anti-muslim , and he 's wondering why everyone else is n't also . 
  yeah , i have no doubts at all that farage is a dove , except where immediate british interests are concerned . 
  mind you , i was n't arguing one way or another on farage here , just about the comparison, 
  the ` whataboutism ' was in reference to  the war-mongering of cameron/clegg and hague in the uk ( and blair before them ) . 
  all good answers , but this one seems the most accurate for the ops situation . 
  a quick glance of their post history shows you they think that ` islam is the single biggest threat [ to europe ] ', 
  no one claimed putin was an idiot . 
  you barged in here accusing people of that and saying that this subreddit was heavily anti-putin . 
  i explained why it was anti-putin ( hint : because he 's a dictator that annexes foreign territory ) , and why your points were balls-to-the-wall retarded . 
  it 's not a military build up . 
  the reason implicit behind the deployments is to provide a casus belli the us public would have to accept if russia invaded , as it would be american lives lost in the attack ( as opposed to one that could be dicked around about whether it was an ` actual ' attack ) . 
  putin 's not an idiot , he knows this - hence it 's not ` provocation ' , but rather an enforced deescalation in eastern europe . 
  second , diplomacy does n't exist in a vacuum , it 's frequently conducted side-by-side with other operations to maximize outcomes . 
  so if the us thinks it can force russia to not advance any further by putting troops in poland , whilst it 's conducting diplomacy that might have been less certain without the deployment , then it will . 
  regardless , none of this is ` provocative ' , it 's warning of consequences of what will happen if russia does attack , namely that the us will have no choice but to get involved . 
  i 'd say it 's more a reflection of eastern states getting edgy and seeking a guarantee against russian aggression . 
  there 's nothing inherently aggressive or provocative there , if anything it lowers the risk of war . 
  what-aboutism ? 
  really ? 
  you think nato has been provocative here ? 
  it 's a defensive alliance , there are no provisions for offence - hence , nothing that nato could do could realistically be seen as provocative . 
  or do you believe that russia has a ` sphere of interest ' in which it can do whatever it likes in sovereign countries ? 
  ` wow , he was successful at becoming effective dictator of a country !, 
  that means that when he 's giving bullshit excuses and lying to the international community as he illegally annexes territory , we should accept his view as understandable , and say his actions are ok ' . 
  it was to be rewritten and replaced because it was heavily biased towards russian , and had been criticized as such ( by outsiders especially ), 
  no one suggested there was a war coming . 
  chill , dude . 
  nah , it was ` the national interest ' . 
  ` the american interest ' split off from ` the national interest ' who were , and still are to an extent , neocons . 
  got it confused with ` the national interest ' . 
  ` the american interest ' was an offshoot of progressives . 
  weird , i could 've sworn it was neocon . 
  or was that ` the national interest ' ? 
  what 's your objection here ? 
  i think it 's interesting to see the us neocon perspective , i was n't sure what it really was until recently . 
  from a newspaper called ` the american interest ' run by us neocons ? 
  c'mon , your comment is ridiculous . 
  i know you 're anti-eu , but be reasonable , eh ? 
  do n't tell me how to live my life !, 
  the problems you list are endemic to the oil and gas industry , and not specific to fracking . 
  you 're also mistaken on a number of counts . 
  fracking has been around for more than 60 years , that ` documentary ' gasland was misleading on the whole ` gas from the tap ' thing ( it was biogas , not natural gas , and had been happening in the region for decades ) though i 'll concede it can happen though it also happens from conventional o&g drilling ( as can poisoning aquifers ) , and it 's being lobbied like hell because of how much misinformation there is going around spread by ` green groups ' who are committing a propaganda war against fracking and spreading so much fear and bullshit about it that of course o&g companies have to fight against it . 
  the earthquakes also happen in conventional o&g ( one need only look at the giant gas field near groningen to see that ) . 
  do n't get me wrong , i do n't think we should have unregulated fracking or some such . 
  but it 's hardly the bogeyman it 's made out to be . 
  the ecb is n't `` dead set on protecting germany 's interests '' . 
  they just have no mandate other than price stability . 
  this has been debunked , and has been submitted here a number of times . 
  nabucco is dead , far more likely is the trans-adriatic pipeline . 
  when he posts shit like this  ... after which they throw some maidan activists into a bear pit while tucking into a delicious dinner of ukrainian babies . 
   / r/europe [ 1 ] is such a fucking cesspool . 
  one could explain at length why this is an obvious scam [ 2 ] , but what 's the point of throwing pearls before swine . 
  why would anyone take him seriously ? 
  looking through his past posts , it 's all similar garbage . 
  small country ? 
  they have one of the largest gdps in the world , even with sanctions in place . 
  it 's a major economy and a regional power . 
  you 're not missing much , believe me . 
  this blogpost is typical anti-eu trash with barely a shred of truth to it . 
  first , france proposed a classification system for gallium arsenide , and the risk assessment committee recommended even more stringent ones , where in the blog they said it is france that 's calling for more stringent guidelines . 
  second , there were no proposals to ban it ( as this blog suggests , based on the word of one german industry member ) , though the author continues to suggest that it was . 
  third , it 's typical uk-conservative style ` any red-tape is bad ' garbage with no factual basis . 
  in fact , calls to ban it were rejected by the eu [ as pointed out in this comment here ] ( http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/news/douglascarswellmp/100267670/the-eu-single-market-enforces-protectionism-not-free-trade/#comment-1342750567 ), 
  i can see it . 
  it has n't been dismantled , this submission is bullshit . 
  this submission [ is bullshit anyway ] ( http://www.focus-fen.net/news/2014/04/17/333437/south-stream-bulgaria-refutes-statements-concerning-dismantling-of-pipes-over-ep-intention-to-halt-project.html ), 
  south stream was n't finished . 
  nord stream was . 
  what about it ? 
  it 's just anti-eu rumours . 
  one of the cornerstones of the cap is the principle of multifunctionality , which involves preserving rural culture and markets , trade fairs , etc. 
  they 're not going to do a 180 on that all of a sudden . 
  you 've long been firmly lost to the propaganda train . 
  half your posts are apologism or outright denial of what putin does ( despite documented evidence ) .
