  from the policy wonks , to the people that sit tacitly by and accept things as they 're being made . 
  as i said , i 'm not for the lnp policy ( the opposite , actually ) . 
  but many people in / r/australia will crucify you for suggesting that copayments are n't evil , as in many scandinavian models which i think , whilst not perfect , have some significant advantages . 
  my most downvoted comment on reddit is sitting at about -150 trying to explain that to people . 
  copayments are a sensible idea in systems designed for them . 
  no mate , that 's not what universal health care means . 
  universal health care is where everyone is covered , not where everything is free . 
  and again , i stressed at the start that copayments are n't inherently bad . 
  the system the lnp is trying to put in is terrible , but that 's not the fault of the copayment but of lnp policy in general . 
  sweden has a fantastic health service with copayments ( pay once , pretty much everything after that is free ) . 
  you need to see the bigger picture beyond just what the lnp proposed . 
  instituting a copayment does n't get rid of universal healthcare . 
  everyone is still covered under either private or public healthcare . 
  regardless , doctors time being wasted is a serious concern , and many other countries , especially those as are seen as more socialist such as france or sweden , have implemented them precisely because they are effective at eliminating many frivolous visits . 
  that does n't stop drug seekers coming . 
  my mother is a gp in a disadvantaged area , she reckons some 5-10 % of the people that come in are drug seekers . 
  and since they tend to clog up the practices in poorer areas , rather than richer , and doctors are hesitant to work in poorer areas in the first place , a copayment could heavily alleviate waiting times in disadvantaged areas . 
  just because they do n't get the drugs , does n't mean they do n't take up doctor time . 
  copayments are n't inherently bad . 
  in a system built around them , they 're good at preventing things like prescription drug seekers and other frivolous gp visits . 
  as i said earlier , we do n't live in a utopia . 
  democracy is n't an absolute , it 's a spectrum , and we frequently abrogate part of our democratic values to attain benefits in other areas . 
  we live in liberal-democracies , which means sometimes the liberal part wins out ( you do n't have to vote vs compulsory voting ) over the democratic . 
  similarly , we have to make compromises in other areas to ensure a certain least-bad outcome . 
  if i recall correctly , there are clauses in such contracts that allow the domestic government to halt/cancel an order under certain circumstances , and i 'm sure russia 's actions could be seen as a justifiable reason . 
  who the hell is this released by ? 
  how do we know these people are even terrorists ? 
  without a source , is n't this just an open means to harass people ? 
  we do n't live in a utopia . 
  we live in a world filled with compromises , and sometimes we have to compromise democratic values ( hence why we do n't have direct democracy , for example ) , in favour of practical outcomes and realistic solutions that actually benefit the public good . 
  that 's because the public are fucking morons . 
  [ they 're wrong on almost everything ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/british-public-wrong-about-nearly-everything-survey-shows-8697821.html ) . 
  if we followed ` the public ' , we 'd have public hangings for driving in the middle lane . 
  besides , populism refers to politicians pandering to the public with simplistic and unworkable/useless solutions to complex problems . 
  you realise there 's more to what he 's talking about than just having his friends invite refugees over without telling him , right ? 
  i wish people would actually read the laws , instead of going off of the same quotes they hear other people say . 
  to put it simply , the idea that asylum seekers should apply at the first safe country they get to is an ideal , rather than law . 
  our laws are about which country should process the asylum applications , and under what circumstances . 
  to see the heirarchy of responsibility , you can just read through chapter three [ here ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/html/?uri=celex:32013r0604&amp;from=en ) . 
  it 's not a very long read . 
  because many people do n't know the difference between illegal immigrants , refugees , and asylum seekers ? 
  i 'm not trivializing things . 
  a refugee is someone that has gone through the asylum seeker process and has been deemed to be a refugee . 
  an asylum seeker is someone that 's going through the process to become a refugee . 
  an illegal immigrant is someone that is neither a refugee , nor an asylum seeker . 
  they 're pretty clear cut distinctions . 
  i would assume that because the op specifically mentioned a refugee school , and i imagine to be able to attend you 'd have to be ... i dunno ... a refugee ? 
  the line is n't blurred in the slightest . 
  a refugee is someone that applies for asylum and was granted it . 
  how about because they 're escaping warzones and are looking for a safe refuge , rather than just paying their way in and experiencing a mild bureaucratic inconvenience ? 
  you know that refugee = / = illegal immigrant , right ? 
  they 're very different things . 
   i mean are n't we going to get overrun . 
   what 's going on . 
  personal anecdote i know but this is life in berlin . 
  and yes they are all muslims of course ( and before you call me racist , ive got one stopping on my couch ) . 
  would you report a white , western world , person that 'd overstayed their visa as well ? 
  i 'm not trying to be accusatory , just curious . 
  there 's no cognitive dissonance there . 
  england seems to want out of the eu , scotland seems to want in . 
  let them split amicably , scotland joins the eu and england leaves . 
  actually , i misread what pwnzerfaust wrote . 
  my bad . 
  how old are you ? 
  you know that not all muslims belong to isis , right ? 
  and desecrating a mosque is an offense to all muslims , not just isis ? 
  whilst offending millions of muslims ? 
  it 's pretty much definitely dead . 
  most industry analysts agree . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2007/05/02/us-russia-estonia-energy-idusl0264696120070502 ) . 
  the iran-contra affair is something different . 
  that happened decades ago . 
  he 's done little of substance since , and is a crank favoured by conspiracy theorists . 
  what ? 
  no , it happened in 2007 , not during the yeltsin era . 
   perhaps i misunderstood you overall , mainly because there are quite a number of people here who advocate for eu to cut off gas transit from russia , in that case i apologize . 
  i 'm not advocating cutting off gas . 
  at least , not yet . 
   i am not a putin supporter btw , but i do wonder what good even more escalation will bring and at which point both sides would calm the fuck down . 
  europe will calm down when putin stops invading ukraine . 
  nabucco is dead . 
  we do n't want you here . 
   when exactly did russia or putin said anything like that ? 
  or is it mr. former ambassador talking out of his ass ? 
  or are you taking political bickering for its face value during times of crisis ? 
  it 's far from an unlikely scenario . 
  there are talks of sanctions escalating all the time because putin refuses to back down . 
  need i remind you that russia cut off exports of fossil fuels to estonia over a fucking statue ? 
  this is considerably more serious than that and i expect there to be sudden bouts of 'em ergency maintenace ' which shuts down the supply of gas to europe intermittently throughout the winter , particularly if it 's a severe one , meant to remind and threaten the leaders of eu countries about their dependence on russian gas and why they should let putin get away with russian actions in ukraine . 
  i mean , you talk about ` why would russia threaten european customers ' , ignoring that they 've done so many times under putin 's tenure . 
  as to your assertions about european dependence on russian gas , the idea that russian gas is economically viable is a fucking joke . 
  poland pays some 30-40 % more for gas than china does , which is more expensive than what spot markets in asia are selling lng for , hence why they 're creating a massive lng import terminal that can support 50 % of polish demand that 's expected to be completed this year . 
  anyway , they would n't need to replace all the russian gas with other supplies , there 's also the option of cutting down . 
  australia had water restrictions during our drought for large cities with public awareness campaigns asking people to lower their usage to a resouding success , the same could be done in europe . 
  but that 's all beside the point , because it 's on the occasion that * russia chooses to cut gas supplies * , so i do n't know why you 're acting as if it would be the other way around . 
  if putin cuts of the gas , europe will manage . 
  putin loses 20 % of state government revenue , which will impact his plans and the populace and will destabilize his rule . 
  your entire stance seems to be `` just let putin do what he wants '' , going off of this lovely quote of yours  what stops russia from escalating even further or taking an even more aggressive stance ? 
  sanctions have to be put in place to demonstrate to the world that this kind of action is unacceptable . 
  and again , just to reiterate the point : ** this article is talking about why putin will not cut off gas ** .
