  that 's right , it was . 
  and we got rid of that policy starting in the 60s . 
  well as i said , that was the confluence of technology and influence . 
  some of our far right groups ( very small groups , i doubt you 'd find one person in a thousand that would know the name of any of them ) started a campaign to get as many suggestible people ( read ; drunk and uneducated ) as possible there through text message campaigns and the like . 
  it also was n't a matter of lynching non-whites , but rather large groups of lebanese-australians gathering and large groups of drunk white bogans gathering , causing the others to try and get larger numbers and beat eachother up . 
  actually , what was most interesting about it , to me at least , was the many media reports coming out about white australians gathering to defend mosques and non-white australians stepping in to stop attacks on white australians . 
  mostly it seems to be a mixture of people not understanding what it involves ( i 've heard people saying stuff like ` they can change our laws !, 
  ' ) , people that still believe westphalian sovereignty is an absolute in a globalized world and countries should n't be able to be influenced by others , or those that are mistrustful of corporations in general regardless . 
   did n't australia have a whites-only immigration policy until recently , meaning she was an immigrant of european background ? 
  non-whites were still accepted , the requirements for them were just considerably stricter . 
  but yes , she was white but having actually lived in australia i 've seen the same attitude my mother got give to non-whites as well , many times . 
  as to the rest , the race riots of 2005 , that was the confluence of technology and ignorance , and in no way representative of more than a small minority of australians . 
  i frequently hear negative stereotypes of north africans ( also close-by to europe ) and even eastern europeans . 
  the failure of lebanese immigrants is one pretty much restricted to sydney 's western suburbs and is more related to ghettoization and poor work opportunities , given they 've integrated fairly well across the rest of australia . 
  congratulations , you see the racist seedy underbelly of australia which is still smaller than what i 've seen in countries like sweden , poland , or germany . 
  how is that ? 
  yeah ? 
  funny how these have far less immigration than europe , considering around a quarter of australia 's population was not born in australia , 20 % of canada 's , and close to 15 % of the us ' . 
  the uk is at about 10 % , including eu immigrants . 
  in sum , your point is a load of bs . 
  metaanalyses of polls with crappy methodology are n't worth dick . 
  i guess you must get a lot of indonesians causing problems then , eh ? 
  after all , you seem to be saying it 's a muslim thing , and indonesia is the largest muslim country on the planet !, 
   facing a similar phenomenon over here in austria many conclude that it 's our xenophobia that leads to a lack of perspectives that these people have within our culture . 
  it 's not that easy and self-explaining how to integrate yourself into a foreign culture also . 
  this is the biggest thing i 've noticed about continental europe . 
  in countries like australia , canada , the us , etc , it 's common for natives to be friendly and welcoming with recent immigrants that they have as neighbours or in their workplace , welcoming them into social circles and the like . 
  my mother moved to australia some 45 years ago not speaking any english , and native australians pretty much ` adopted ' her , despite the language barrier . 
  now she 's more aussie than most aussies . 
  in most european countries , however , it 's much rarer for this to happen . 
  i find it considerably more difficult to picture a nordic family inviting their recent immigrant neighbours over for a barbecue just to say hello and get to know eachother . 
  instead , they 're more likely to complain about the state not doing a better job of integrating immigrants into society , as if it 's something that the state can teach or that just happens by osmosis , rather than a concerted effort by all of society to help teach recent immigrants that countries values and make them understand it . 
  i do n't really see why ahmed would just take the values part of the languages courses as fact when it seems contrary to all of his experiences , as opposed to if he * lived * it with the natives around . 
  if there 's one thing i 've discovered while arguing with the xenophobes , bigots , and racists on reddit it 's that they do n't understand robust methodology and statistics . 
  perhaps there 's a correlation between lack of education and those things ? 
  they 'll take this statistic as factual and wanting to be imposed upon all britons to their graves . 
  yep . 
  constant fearmongering and doomsaying when it 's not even out of the negotiation stage yet . 
  people downvote for everything here , best not to complain about it . 
  well then you 're misunderstanding my point about the rule of law . 
  there has to be a clear and transparent process through which this happens through the legislative arm , as opposed to the executive , to ensure people are n't arbitrarily punished . 
  on the first one , i think it 's meant to mean ` do n't argue over subjective matters ', 
  could n't agree more , very well said !, 
  if doing nothing is better than doing what ukip proposed , yes . 
  then that should be decided before the courts with a proper burden of proof , and not just an executive decision based off of the recommendation of an intelligence officer . 
  we 're talking about peoples lives here in societies that have a supposedly ironclad foundation in the rule of law . 
  i do n't think people should be punished outside the rule of law , and this is just a cheap trick to get around that . 
  jesus , the myriad potentials for abuse of this are disgusting . 
  `` hey guys , let 's remove the citizenship of anyone we disagree with through an executive decision rather than going through some form of legal checks and balances and then only possibly give it back to them through a secretive appeals tribunal '' i can only imagine how flimsy the burden of proof would have to be for this to go through under a ukip scheme . 
  typically uninspired and simplistic claptrap from the exemplar of populist parties . 
  is it ? 
  way to make muslims that are travelling home feel even more marginalised and despised by society . 
  i 've always loved this bizarre conspiracy theory amongst , ahem , * certain types of people * where they think everyone is secretly hiding their racist/xenophobic/bigoted views . 
  i never made it sound like a pacifist heaven , so i do n't know why you 're bringing that up . 
  does that detract from my point ? 
  the aborigines are still ailing from what british ( and later , australian ) rule inflicted on them . 
  maybe if the europeans had n't come in and raped their continent , they would have been in a better position to do so ? 
  people that actually understand the purpose of the cap !, 
  i 'm shocked !, 
  it 's always been as such . 
  bosnia and serbia can stop accepting eu aid totalling around 300 million euros . 
  so the only reason you posted this was because you wanted to mention this episode ? 
  man , your views are all kinds of bizarre and non-pragmatic . 
  what would you do with the people ? 
  how would you stop them launching their nukes when you tried ? 
  etc ? 
  you 'd prefer russia were even more of an unstable nuclear state than it is now ? 
  what the fuck has front national got to do with this ? 
  the anti missile shield can only hit a few nukes . 
  if russia launched most of their arsenal , nothing would stop the us and europe becoming a wasteland . 
  it does n't undermine mad , but it does prevent states like iran being able to launch missiles at europe . 
  yes , fishing regulations . 
  but they do have to abide by trade regulations , and if that means sanctions of fishing produce then there you go . 
  if they request asylum , then by italian and international law they have to process their claims first to determine those that are refugees and those that are n't . 
  only after they 've been processed can those that are n't refugees be sent back . 
  misrepresenting the processes of negotiation whilst also hyping up the notion that corporations lobbying is somehow sinister , evil , or over represented compared to the interests of the public . 
  these kinds of comments do n't really add much . 
  yeah , because that site is absolutely unbiased . 
  no bias at all , yep . 
  man , you 're the second person that 's accused me of jumping onto alt accounts in the last week . 
  you xenophobes are fucking paranoid . 
  checking his history , the guy even speaks a language i do n't - i 've always said i can only speak english , swedish , and polish !, 
  with all your posts over the past months , i 'm trying to determine whether you 're pro-russia or anti-ukraine . 
  any hints ? 
  i 'm not trying to be snarky or anything , i 'm genuinely curious . 
  i hope so , but lord knows i doubt it . 
  no , but orban has explicitly stated he wants to move to an illiberal democracy akin to that of russia or the central asian countries ( a hint , they 're democratic in name only ) . 
  provide proof , get downvoted . 
  to the racists , if they ca n't hear it it 's not real . 
  i 'm tired of seeing this ` rape capital ' statistic abused so badly . 
  it 's not the rape capital because there are so many immigrants , it 's the rape capital because of the way that the swedes manage their statistics on rape . 
  as an example , where in another country only one rape would be recorded by police ( for example , in the instance of spouse rape ) , sweden would record multiple instances for the same one . 
  you must be joking , by far most of them are anti-multiculturalism . 
  and good . 
  sd are scum . 
  what ? 
  there 's no fascism in poland . 
  eu citizens are n't educated enough on the subject to know what 's good for them . 
  i want there to be a referendum , if for no other reason than that it will set a clear sight for what the uk wants and might actually get some balanced reporting on the eu started in the uk . 
  there 's way too much of the ` hurr durr corporations are evil ' shit on reddit as it is , without focussing on specific countries .
