  of course , nordic countries have a bit of a stronger problem with integration thanks to this ` nordic coldness ' when it comes to social interaction . 
  you want to know who 's really to blame ? 
  it 's the people that say `` these bloody immigrants just do n't integrate '' , and yet never once have they tried to help an immigrant integrate . 
  it 's like they think it happens by osmosis , and instead of doing something to fix it they just complain all the time . 
  the ` get tougher on crime ' approach has been proven to be more detrimental to society than beneficial . 
  perhaps that reflects more on the finns integration policy ( or poor excuse for one ) than anything else ? 
  you must draw a lot of the most ignorant people around towards you then , because no one i know thinks anything like that . 
  mate , ` westerners ' consider you western and have a huge admiration for estonia , i do n't know where you 're getting this from . 
  i 'm on a tablet on my last day of traveliing , i can respond when i get home tomorrow, 
  mate , i think you misunderstood what i wrote . 
  i was toying with the thought of an eu ministry that ( in cooperation with relevant national ministers ) would be tasked with searching for reforms in various national government ministries . 
  the cooperation of the national ministers would make it not seem like an eu diktat and would also mean that there would remain the unique individual touch of the country whilst on the eu side it would give the weight and legitimacy of what is ( generally up until this point ) seen as a well run institution . 
  it would all provide the framework for further integration should that ever be on the cards . 
  but yes , currently it seems like a near impossible situation with only one ultimate outcome - some kind of eventual default, 
  i kinda disagree . 
  the troika was after reform through the spending cuts , not just spending cuts in themselves . 
  they wanted efficiency and value for money through concrete structural reforms and instead they got superficial reform that merely lowered services . 
  investors were n't fooled , they knew that you need a lot more time than was given to them to make serious structural reforms ( the henry tax review in australia , for example , took about a year and a half to complete , let alone implement ) . 
  ultimately , it 's the troikas fault for pushing for arbitrary targets rather than actual reform ( and giving short time periods within which to do it ) and portugals fault for trying to cheat the need for structural reform by going for these short term targets . 
  he 'll be downvoted because he 's been proven to be a troll coming from a finnish chan to try and stir shit up in / r/europe, 
  the examples cited were where such multiculturalism was forced by ... well ... force . 
  in western countries , it 's voluntary . 
  but multiculturalism works pretty much perfectly fine in civil ( as opposed to ethnic ) societies where rather than the view of `` i 'm german because my family is german '' you have `` i 'm australian because i share australian values and have australian citizenship '' . 
  the sd is the xenophobes party . 
  they 're not quite as bad as the national democrats , but the sd is in parliament right now which makes them scary . 
  i 'd never say something as callous as ` good riddance ' , but at least his hate-platform has one less supporter . 
  his split with the sd was undoubtedly because they didnt want to add altering the harsh drug penalties to their policies . 
  45 % of redditers are from america . 
  i actually find thiis subreddit to have a pretty good size , it 's large enough to have interesting discussions while small enough to avoid memes and other undesirables . 
  i got your question , i just said it was n't really quantifiable . 
  the point was that democracy is far from perfect . 
  did i say that ? 
  it 's the personal responsibility ( like recycling ) . 
  you choose if you recycle , you choose if you voice your unsubstantiated opinion.it 's about building a culture of respect for knowledge . 
  more like the australian electoral commission which is widely acclaimed to have worked fantastically . 
  eliminate countries as a political unit . 
  create an independent electoral commission to set electoral boundaries in a fair and unbiased way . 
  the only opinion that should have any value is informed opinion . 
  sourced facts ? 
  how * dare * you ? 
  it 's pretty damn bad . 
  east and west poland ? 
  on as large a population as it is under cctv ? 
  c'mon mate , you 're an intelligent guy . 
  surely you can see the difference between the two . 
  i think the most fucked up thing is how normal you think it is . 
  most continental europeans are horrified at the idea , but british people just see it as normal . 
  all i can say is that i knew some people with roma heritage who were pretty much fully integrated and valued their cultural heritage . 
  one was a history professor at my university . 
  this talk about ` they cantbe integrated ' is because there 's hundreds of millions of people like you that simply hate them all , the same way some naive and ignorant white americans hate black people for ghetto crime and drugs without ever understanding their history or culture and the systemic and endemic discrimination they 've faced for centuries . 
  you are the problem as much as they are . 
  for me it 's mostly that face recognition software is getting exponentially more advanced . 
  combine that with even short term data storage and the goer meant has a ridiculous amount of information on you - where you go , who you meet with , what you do . 
  there 's a reason that the government needs to have a warrant to get credit information about a citizen , because armed with that knowledge you gain huge insight into the life of the individual . 
  and i consider that a huge invasion of my right to privacy . 
  cctv, 
  first , it 's a stunt . 
  mutualized debt is deeply unpopular in germany , by saying they should hold a referrendum he 's trying to force the governments hand to make an unpopular , but necessary , change to save the eurozone pretty much right before an upcoming election . 
  secondly , how is it illegal ? 
  they have n't talked about how they 're going to implement it , but they would do it through another amendment to maastricht ( just like nice , amsterdam and lisbon ) . 
  if not there , then they could also make it through new eurozone institutions . 
  i know you 're pretty anti eu-integration , but please tell me how it would be illegal ? 
  bloody portugal !, 
  portugal , pay your debts !, 
  what i would most like to see is common banking . 
  it 'd be great not to get charged ridiculous fees for withdrawing in another eu country . 
  nothing could be done by the greeks in the time allotted . 
  reform of the scope that 's being called for takes years . 
  the henry tax review in australia took two years just to formulate , let alone implement . 
  it 's unrealistic to expect the greeks to have been able to do the same in other areas of the greek government as well and stick to the deadline for budget cuts . 
  the old austerity measures , of having targets that needed to be reached , was clearly a very poor one . 
  instead of bringing about real and lasting reform , it just set arbitrary budget reduction targets that did n't address any of the structural problems at hand and the greek government was forced to play to this schedule . 
  one of the only things that will keep the eurozone alive for the crisis to pass is debt mutualization , because frankly at the moment the bond yields in the southern economies are crippling . 
  edit : further , i 'd like to remind you that the eurozone and the european union are two separate institutions . 
  personally , i 'm quite interested in the idea of [ liquid democracy ] ( http://techpresident.com/news/wegov/22154/how-german-pirate-partys-liquid-democracy-works ) or [ delegated voting ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/proxy_voting#delegated_voting ) . 
  both seem technologically feasible . 
  i think it 's just a matter of waiting for the older people that did n't grow up with a current view of technology to die off before something like this can be implemented . 
  there are still problems with it of course ( such as vested interests with lots of financial backing being able to sway many votes ) , but that problem already exists in current democracy so it would be quite an improvement . 
  aside from that , it might also give rise to populism , but we have that already and i do n't think people would care enough to vote in most issues themselves so that should n't be a problem either . 
  i 'm really conflicted about this comment . 
  in the first place , i do n't like you trolling all the time because it does n't really add anything . 
  on the other hand , if it were n't for your established history saying ` greece pay your debts ' and so forth , this would n't have made me literally laugh out loud . 
  this is way more impressive than those shitty mars rover pics !, 
  [ around 45 % ] ( http://www.snoosecret.com/statistics-about-reddit.html ), 
   with [ 3 ] approximately 75 % of the country 's population living below the poverty line despite the massive oil revenues , i 'm left wondering why equatorial guinea is n't subject to the same sort of diplomatic treatment as iraq under saddam hussein . 
  well , it 's * obviously * because equatorial guinea does n't have weapons of mass destruction . 
  not to mention the many people commuting from france . 
  i would not be opposed . 
  finnish is awesome . 
  i suppose ethnocentrism kinda gets put under the umbrella of racism because by judging another culture by your culture 's standards , implicit in the judgement is that your culture is better than the other and brings up the ghosts of imperialism . 
  i agree it 's not technically racism , which is why i originally said that ` australians put ethnocentrism under the umbrella of racism ' as a kind of general discrimination against people not from your country/culture . 
  that 's pretty much at the heart of ethnocentrism , yes . 
  as an australian , your final sentence is a sentiment i see far too often in europe . 
  it 's usually followed by some kind of sentence like `` they just do n't bloody integrate into our society ! '' . 
  the only question i have to them is , ` when have you taken the time to help them try and understand our culture ? ' . 
  it 's like they think things will solve themselves through osmosis or something , rather than through societal and governmental intervention . 
  australians put ethnocentrism under the umbrella of racism as well . 
  i downvote all finns base on their irrational anti eu stance . 
  nb : i do n't actually do this . 
  the buying of the bonds on the secondary market does nothing to help greece .
