   oh , wait , they 're only allowed to vote yes or no , without public discussion because nothing may be made public until 4 years after it 's been ratified . 
  no it wo n't . 
  this myth has to die . 
  it 's only the negotiating documents ( ever document generated between the start of negotiations and the end of negotiations ) that will be kept secret for four years . 
  the actual agreement will be public for more than a year before it 's voted on . 
  i do n't know where the idea of ` secret laws ' came about , but it 's moronic . 
   where does it say `` it follows a similar template '' ? 
  they say things like `` this is our template '' and `` these are our rules . '', 
  whether this means the language is exact is perhaps unclear , what 's clear is that they are getting the language they want in the deal and labour groups are n't . 
  who says that what they were seeking was in contradiction to labour or environmental groups ? 
   and that point is what ? 
  that industries lobbying the public and the public having a debate over clauses is bad ? 
  you characterize it as one interest group being able to easily trash a provision they did n't like , this simply would not be the case unless that interest group was operating in a vacuum . 
  one need only look at discourse on reddit to see that people tilt at windmills . 
  all this bullshit about ' 4 year secrecy ' and so on that people spout , they do n't understand what 's going on . 
  they 'll blindly follow the first scare campaign out there . 
   sure you can . 
  it would just require another round of negotiations afterwards . 
  of course , the alternative would be to include the public from the outset and avoid the need for last-minute amendments altogether . 
  it makes a heck of a lot more sense to fast track an agreement you know is going to be good than it does to fast track a mystery deal . 
  great , and then they 'll amend those later negotiations , so it will have to go back to negotiations again ... and again , ad infinitum . 
  fuck , lost my reply , so this will be a lot shorter . 
  your formula is incorrect . 
  in reality , this is how it operates ustr < -  dg trade , with both groups getting input from various stakeholders as they see fit . 
   in order for your scenario to work , we have to imagine a world where dairy farmers are the only group that lobbies the public . 
  in reality , they are only one of many special interest groups with a stake in the agreement . 
  so the dairy farmers lobby against a clause , while a dozen other industries lobby in favour of it . 
  they battle it out in the court of public opinion , resulting in healthy democratic debate . 
  there 's a reason i said `` now imagine this across each industry sector in every country '' . 
  it was simplified to prove a point . 
   then they ignore the input of labour [ you point to one labour group that was n't invited to give their opinion - ignoring that there are already numerous labour groups in the lac , as i wrote above . 
   and implement the exact language proposed by corporations that 's not even what your article says , it says that it follows a similar template . 
  do you not even read the links you put forward ? 
   this is as much an argument against democracy itself as it is against trade negotiation transparency . 
  joe citizen does n't have the expertise to understand 99 % of what the government does . 
  that 's never an excuse to hide something from him in a democracy . 
  no it 's not . 
  almost all laws are drafted in private . 
  domestic laws are then released and amended as requires . 
  this ca n't happen in international agreements , because you ca n't have each side deciding to unilaterally amend the agreement - which is why it 's negotiated first , and then put before a yes/no vote . 
  urgh , that 's such an unnuanced view . 
  allow me to repost what i wrote about it ; actually , all international negotiations are conducted in secret , and for very good reason . 
  the core of why can best be described by robert putnam 's two level game theory . 
  2lg is pretty much the authoritative theory on success in international negotiation . 
  as you can see from a quick google scholar search , the theory has been cited in academic works [ over six thousand times ] ( http://scholar.google.pl/scholar?q=diplomacy+and+domestic+politics%3a+the+logic+of+two-level+games&amp;btng=&amp;hl=en&amp;as_sdt=0%2c5 ) , so it 's not some crack-pot minor theory no one has ever heard of . 
  for those that are curious , there 's a link to it [ here ] ( http://portal.uam.es/portal/page/portal/uam_organizativo/departamentos/cienciapoliticarelacionesinternacionales/personal/fernando_rodrigo/pagina_personal_fernando_rodrigo/teoria_relaciones_inter/textos/putnam-%20the%20logic%20of%20two-level%20games.pdf ) if you 'd like to give it a more thorough browse . 
  it will provide a much more and precise explanation than the one that i hope to give , and it 's only thirty pages so it 's not very long . 
  i very much recommend all of you read it . 
  what 2lg essentially stipulates is that there are two levels of playing field in international negotiation ; the domestic , and the international . 
  in the domestic playing field , groups are formed to apply pressure on the government to adopt favourable policies ( these groups may be anything , from companies and ngos , to public or party opinion - the important thing is not to just consider them to be organized , clearly delineated groups ) , whilst politicians seek to get the power to push the agreement through by building consensus amongst the groups . 
  the international playing field , however , is where the national governments want to alleviate their domestic constituents concerns , whilst at the same time ensuring that the development of the policies of other parties in the negotiation does not adversely affect their constituencies and power bases . 
  one of the clearest ways to represent this is through ` win-sets ' . 
  a win-set is the full spectrum of acceptable outcomes to the party in question . 
  thus , in a two level game , the possible win-set for the international negotiation is in large part dependant on the range of acceptable outcomes in the level 2 negotiation ; that is , the larger each of the negotiating parties level 2 win-set is , the more likely they 'll overlap with the other parties in a place where both sides are satisfied with an agreement . 
  perhaps the best way for you guys to visualize it is through a [ venn diagram ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/6d/venn_a_intersect_b.svg/1280px-venn_a_intersect_b.svg.png ) , except imagine that there are 12 actors and they all have to overlap in one spot for the tpp , or * 30 * actors for ttip . 
  now , the reason the negotiations are conducted in secret is to keep each of these venn diagram bubble countries as large as possible . 
  each time one of their possible negotiating is constrained , they get smaller , and thus less likely to overlap with all of the 11 other actors potentially leading to deadlock or abandonment of the agreement . 
  this can be especially troubling if the negotiations were done in public , with every individual , every company , every lobbyist , knowing at each stage what is being discussed and what has been provisionally agreed to . 
  thus , for negotiations to be successful win-sets need to be maximized , which means minimizing the influence of vested interests during the negotiation process . 
  imagine the following scenario . 
  the party governing a country gets a lot of its funding from a certain demographic , say dairy farmers . 
  dairy farmers have access to the text ( under this public text proposal of the greens ) , and see there 's something they do n't like there . 
  maybe dairy tariffs will be lowered . 
  maybe their export subsidies will be cancelled . 
  maybe they 'll lose protected designation of origin status . 
  whatever , they do n't like it . 
  so the dairy union lobby launches a massive advertising campaign trying to scare the shit out of joe public about the new treaty , whilst simultaneously threatening the ruling party about how they 're going to fund the opposition if this goes through . 
  so , ruling party of course says that that clause can no longer be part of the treaty . 
  except imagine this multiplied amongst every industry sector of every country negotiating . 
  it 'd be an absolute clusterfuck , twelve countries all drawing red-lines over certain issues would lead to a treaty with absolutely zero teeth , and everyone would wonder what the fuss was about because it would really amount to nothing . 
  and i 'd also like to preempt the comments of `` but the corporations are already heavily involved '' . 
  those are n't corporations that are hammering out the deals . 
  what actually happens it that a number of different industry specialists are part of consultative groups ( for example one on agriculture , one on chemicals , one on pharmaceuticals ) , as are consumer rights groups , environmental groups , and others . 
  there 's nothing clandestine or shady about it , but if you 're coming up with a deal that 's going to change tens of billions of dollars in trade , then you definitely want to get a sense of how it would effect various stakeholders , and those stakeholders give input on those elements of a treaty . 
  joe citizen generally does n't have the knowledge , nor the expertise , nor the specialization , to be able to have a meaningful input into how a given provision would affect environmental standards , or consumer standards , or the steel industry , or the chemical industry . 
  but just as representatives of key sectors are given some access , so too are environmental groups ( under the tepac ) , labour groups ( under the lac ) , consumer groups , etc. 
  they 're all under strict ndas and security clearances . 
  if they talk to people about it , they 're going to prison for a long time , as well as paying a huge fine . 
  it makes sense to have representatives of those most affected taking part . 
  it 's also worth keeping in mind that negotiators negotiate with * what is politically possible to pass in mind * . 
  the job of negotiators is n't just to come up with an agreement , but an agreement that should be politically passable by all the negotiating members . 
  this means that the us has to be sensitive of both what is possible in the us , but also in the eu and vice-versa . 
  acta was shot down by the european parliament thanks to public opposition , do you think they would n't also shoot down ttip if they felt the same ? 
  and congress on it 's own is a whole other ball-park of trying to get things through . 
  arguments against secrecy in international negotiations come from ignorance and nowhere else . 
  there is certainly scope for more transparency in some areas - for example the eu has released the negotiating mandate , idealized forms of final chapters , etc which the us has n't done . 
  but expecting to see the state of the negotiations at every step is simply ridiculous . 
  living in a tree and eating raw meat is natural as well . 
  part of living in civilized society is learning to ignore the ` natural ' . 
  great , i 'd love to know the comprehensive methodology you 'd propose to do that that social scientist have obviously been ignoring for decades . 
  i 'm not trying to control minds . 
  are you saying it 's really ok in the modern world to judge one person based on the actions of another , simply because they 're part of the same ethnic group ? 
  did n't say bully or force them . 
  but they should know that their prejudice is n't acceptable in modern society . 
  i 'm not saying have a positive opinion on everyone and everything , just do n't generalize and stereotype . 
  well they should n't be prejudiced in the first place , so of course people should try and change their minds . 
  the two are so closely linked as to be essentially the same thing . 
  it 's the only way to conduct such studies , no one is going to say `` yes , i 'm intolerant '' . 
  if you have a negative few of a group of people , you 're intolerant . 
  you could meet dozens of them and not realize they 're part of this group you dislike , or you might meet people that are n't of that group but you think they are and you still judge them for it .
