  preventing discrimination on the grounds of gender identity . 
  so if someone comes in self identifying as a girl , and you refuse to serve them until they say ` i 'm a boy ' , then they would be able to launch a civil case against you . 
  that would be discrimination on the grounds of c16, 
  no it 's not . 
  what parallel crazy universe have you come from ? 
  of course it has an effect . 
  it just means that if you call someone a he instead of a she or vice versa , nothing will happen . 
  but if you refuse to serve someone because they self identify differently , you could be face civil penalties . 
  not from what i can see . 
  calling someone a he instead of a she is n't going to cause you to go to jail . 
  it 's just adding the same kind of protections based on gender identity that it does for things like religious or ethnic . 
  that is a crazy mischaracterization of c16, 
  yes , in sweden too . 
  this is a party that has had non-stop controversy over how crazily racist they are . 
  they have racist incident after racist incident , such as the time their justice spokesman and economy spokesman both mps were caught [ running around harassing foreign-looking people with slurs and blunt objects , where their mps get caught describing darker-skinned people as monkey , where an mp who claimed he was beaten and robbed of his backpack by immigrants had in actual fact been helped by two immigrants back into his wheelchair , and he had actually just forgotten it at the restaurant he was in ( this very same charming fellow also abused the guards at the riksdag ) and at least used to get , if they do n't still currently , a lot of it 's funding from out-and-out racistsand that has it 's roots in the swedish neo-nazi movement . 
  many of these mps have been kicked out in recent years for ` ruining ' the party 's image , and it 's certainly trying to seem like a respectable party , but a polished turd is still a turd , and they poison the whole debate . 
  note : had to delete the links to evidence as my post kept getting filtered . 
  the fact is that the number of crazy sjw politically correct types is vastly overestimated by the anti-pc people . 
  no one in australia really gives a shit either . 
  the u.k. is weird . 
  do you foresee a serious effort to counter russia should there be any hybrid warfare in the baltics ? 
  do you feel any such hybrid warfare attempts are currently underway ? 
  what is your own personal attachment to ceta ( hopes/reservations ) ? 
  how did it feel watching it almost fail before there was even an attempt at ratification ? 
  when the implication goes too far . 
  but in all seriousness , this is a terrible thing to happen to anyone . 
  you got something better than experience to work with ? 
  i 've lived in poland , i 've got dozens of polish friends . 
  i 'm very familiar with prevailing attitudes in poland . 
  at least half of poland would disagree with you . 
  oh my god , what kind of stupid things are being upvoted here ... 
  no , but i do n't think you understand the terms being used . 
  agenda pushing and having an opinion , are two different things . 
  did i say that ? 
  agenda pushing/derailing/problem user . 
  i would n't have deleted that in isolation , but i do n't know the context . 
  i agree that we should n't allow comments calling for people to be killed , yes . 
  any topic on migrants , refugees , or gypsies will be filled with people saying they should be killed . 
  maybe done post ` refugees should be killed ' and you wo n't have your posts deleted ? 
  nothing wrong with gmos, 
  opposition to it in general was a bit idiotic . 
  we went from artisan economies to non artisan . 
  exact same arguments . 
  they said the same about steam power and the cotton gin . 
  i hate it when they use the notional value of derivatives rather than the exposure . 
  with the rise of machines like the steam engine and cotton gin , how are we going to deal with the low available work hours/more unemployment . 
  how is what you 've written relevant at all to the article ? 
  you live just shoed in some kind of victim complex , trying to make the whole submission about how poles are wronged because some bigots think poles are anti semitic . 
  this is n't the place for such trashy comments . 
  that 's not what i said . 
  well you 're wrong . 
  where did this comment come from ? 
  why is it to me ? 
  how is it relevant to what i said ? 
  because the idea that homogenous populations are completely alike is ridiculous . 
  i have more in common with a vietnamese liberal cosmopolitan than i do with a libertarian or communist australian . 
  that 's not what i said . 
  no , but this is about xenophobia . 
  bit hard to cry xenophobia when the people look the same and speak a similar language , share similar history , and similar culture . 
  did n't say he did . 
  nothing wrong with bankers and politicians, 
  ok , so i said beyond disruption or doing something illagal . 
  everything you listed is under that list . 
  so you would happily accept anyone into your restaurant . 
  serial killers , child molesters , whatever . 
  pretty party-like , yeah . 
  sorry , are you looking for concrete rules for ambiguous situations ? 
  because i 'm not going to give them to you . 
  i 'm not going to start speculating on whether a members dog counts as a nazi or not , or any other ridiculous scenarios . 
  my question to you is - under what circumstances ( beyond disuption/something illegal ) would you ban people from your restaurant ? 
  gulag , obviously . 
  but in all seriousness , this is n't just one pegida member going to a dinner . 
  this is a group of pegida people going to a dinner . 
  if one bloke wants to go there on his own for a date , fine . 
  but if they 're going there as part of the organization , that 's when you should reject service . 
  yes , i 'm the real fascist for being intolerant of fascists . 
  how could i have been so blind ? 
  called them nazi-lite, 
  yes , and maybe the nazis were organizing a sing along for some orphans . 
  did n't say they were pedophiles that had done anything illegal . 
  maybe they just advocate politically to remove age restrictions . 
  no , the topic shifted as the person i was replying to said that nobody should be refused service based on political beliefs . 
  it 's not shifting goal posts , it 's the natural progression of a conversation . 
  so an armenian restaurant should not be able to discriminate against a bunch of armenian genocide deniers from turkey ? 
  they have to be forced to serve those people , while they discuss about how bullshit the armenian genocide is ? 
  after all , not disturbing or threatening the other customers , all they 're doing is saying the armenian genocide was bullshit . 
  so if a paedophilia group ( not doing anything illegal in the restaurant ) comes in and eats there regularly , that 's fine with you ? 
  there 's nothing wrong with being intolerant to nazis and nazi-lites . 
  edit : with all the responses this is getting , i 'll just say this - if you want to open up a restaurant that caters to nazis , maybe a few swastikas on the walls , a drink called 14-88 , go for it . 
  but i wo n't be going there , and i 'll be dissuading my friends from going there . 
  can it only be considered positive influence , if it 's influence on europe ? 
  it 's about the most positive influence , not influence in general . 
  at the time , not for the future . 
  people , not governments . 
  most countries are fine with them joining , provided they actually become a secular liberal democratic country . 
  bit unfair is n't it ? 
  you can use our legal system , but if you do you 're an ungrateful leech . 
  the bank failures in the middle of the gfc stemming from that would have been cataclysmic , and their effects on the public would 've been ghastly . 
  understand you 're not advocating for it , but just want to also point out that politically it would be impossible . 
  when happens when germany calls for it , but then finland and a number of other countries say they wo n't do it .
