  almost all of the 3500 different investment and fta treaties have some form of isds within them , with the eu pushing for it - and that 's because european countries use it more often than any other trade area and know how to use it . 
  i do n't think that culture is static , i 'm certain it 's changed numerous time during that time period . 
  well , you know , the third world immigrants do pay much better than when i 'm apparently shilling for russia or the usa ( both of which i 've been accused of in the last month ) . 
  sorry , i just finished editing in that a historical argument does n't make sense . 
  given the myriad changes in society and technology , why would it be relevant ? 
  150 years ago it was hard to get from one continent to another . 
  now speed of travel has increased dramatically , hence why people travel more . 
  including migration . 
  i do n't think that argument is really appropriate , we had the entire green revolution during that time and the world population really began to explode starting in the 1950s . 
  i also do n't see how a historical argument like that really makes sense . 
  of course they had a vote . 
  their elected representatives will have to vote on it for it to go into effect . 
  the numbers on there are wrong . 
  they do n't even list afghanistanis , when there 's more than 30,000 of them . 
  but i have to ask , when the increase in population from immigration is .3 % a year , can you really call it mass migration ? 
  i guess it depends on how you define mass migration . 
  i see the situation in jordan as an example of mass migration . 
  but can .3 % yearly increase due to migration from over a hundred countries count as mass migration ? 
  i think many of the problems you 're talking about are more to do with ghettoization and poverty more than anything else . 
  and if you think that immigrants from asia do n't bring problems with them as well , you 're mistaken . 
  they 've brought asian crime gangs . 
  there have been numerous problems with indian arranged marriages . 
  we get a lot of pakistanis , afghanis , and iraqis as well who have trouble integrating and we have communities which brought problems which previously did n't exist in australian culture . 
  but it 's not a serious problem , and i still reject that there 's mass migration to france . 
  there are demographic changes , yes . 
  but not mass migration . 
  hang on . 
  where the hell did the discussion about third world immigration come into play ? 
  can you stick to the discussion , instead of making up bizarre allegations ? 
  did i say that ? 
  did you read his comment ? 
  it was a vague `` i told you so , and you called us racists '' without saying what they told us about . 
  i did n't call him racist , i said his wording makes him seem like one . 
  because , funnily enough , that is how many racists speak . 
  well duh . 
  the consultations are n't a place to be spammed by thousands of people saying the same thing . 
  they 're for getting input into the submissions . 
  how does 1000 people sending an identical piece of text help them ? 
  instead , it wastes their time from people that have actually considered the issue for themselves . 
  also , please do n't editorialize titles . 
  what racial issues are you talking about ? 
  the user i responded to only gave some vague rhetoric about ` taking back our country and future ' . 
  are you saying that 's not the kind of typical comment you 'd hear from racists when the issue of immigration is under discussion ? 
  so you 're saying that 13 % of your population are immigrants ? 
  we have double that in australia . 
  you have 0.3 % immigration a year ? 
  we have 1 % . 
  and no , i would n't call that massive . 
  ha , i ran into such a person in krakow , his friends all facepalmed in a display of ` oh no , he 's getting into this shit again ? ', 
  by definition , an illiberal democracy persecutes those that do n't follow the ruling regime . 
  the discussion was about mass-immigration , not about demographic shifts . 
  mass-immigration specifically refers to a large proportion of people moving into the country from a different country , and so children born in the country that the parents moved to are n't ` immigrants ' . 
  a demographic shift , on the other hand , means a changing character of the people that live somewhere - more religious people , or more ethnic people , or what have you . 
  has there been a demographic shift ? 
  sure . 
  but that 's not what mass immigration is . 
  i think most people that say that have n't ever even been , they just heard one person say it and regurgitate it . 
  i 'm always amused when someone starts talking about the horrors of rosengard in malmo , sweden , when i actually lived in the city and was in the suburb a number of times . 
  it 's actually a pretty nice place , and not the muslim-sharia-terrorist hell-hole that all these people on the internet claim it is . 
  what silence ? 
  the guardian has been publishing fear-mongering article after fear-mongering article on the topic !, 
  and this guy is as ignorant on the topic as the others . 
  lol , orban is a nutcase who wants hungary to be an illiberal democracy . 
  he wants to stop all immigration . 
  do n't have enough doctors ? 
  tough !, 
  no immigrations !, 
  he 's a nationalistic populist nutcase , and you see him as respectable and rational ? 
  but given your posts , you 've hardly been a beacon of rationality so it 's unsurprising you 'd sympathise with him . 
  i tried to find the submission , but i think the mods deleted it . 
  but the person had pretty much the exact same submission as this one , but provided statistics supporting his point . 
  except it was pointed out in the submission a number of times how it had a lot of faulty assumptions , such as they would maintain the same birthrate and so forth . 
  just no . 
  if they 're newborns , they 're not immigrants duh . 
  the boards . 
  and no , i 've never supported open borders so i do n't know why you 're saying that . 
  we had a discussion about this a few days ago , the consensus was that the statistics were poorly interpreted and portrayed and that there 's no serious problem . 
  you have n't presented any , and i disagree with what would probably be your interpretation of them . 
  i do n't have an ` ideology ' . 
  wow , there are a lot of non-white people . 
  that does n't mean that there 's mass third world immigration . 
  many times . 
  i disagree with the premise that there is mass 3rd world immigration . 
  it 's good that the polls are so close , if only so that it encourages more people to vote . 
  based on how you 're talking , that seems like exactly what you are ... 
  do you think that the eu has policies whose sole purpose is to eliminate or oppress national identity ? 
  not even a good troll . 
  i live in europe . 
  zerohedge is not a credible source . 
  i 'm not educated enough on the issue , but in principle , if a reasonable majority of the population wants to be independent , then i 'm not against . 
  scotland is already a country . 
  jesus fuck , seriously ? 
  you 're advocating deporting people who may have no other citizenship , leaving them stateless ? 
  where would you send them , and how ? 
  and what the fuck , you advocate mass-scale sexual assault on children ? 
  what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  you said carriers are n't allowed , ever . 
  they are allowed , providing they do n't exceed the tonnage regulations for the bosphorus . 
  this is why i 'm concerned about fast integration of the eu ( 2004 is fast ? ) . 
  i do n't want to be ruled by politicians from some scandinavian country who somehow think that bestiality is an acceptable act .
