  if you want to be seen as a reasonable poster , lose the one-sided goggles . 
  you should have some knowledge of a topic before you comment on it . 
  i did n't deny that australians did n't understand the fact either , hence why i used the term ` average voter ' . 
  and it has nothing to do with self flagellation . 
  yes , and those ones are criminals . 
  but not all travellers are like that . 
  no , you can also be a criminal . 
  but you should only demonize the criminal travellers , not the regular travellers . 
  the ones that are a problem are criminals . 
  the ones that are n't are travellers . 
  the german 's only go in on un sanctioned missions , they do n't really believe in r2p or in bilateral military aid . 
  your accusation of hypocrisy is amusing . 
  i never denied that mine did , although my family were more recent immigrants to australia ( following the ww1 ) and i have n't been to australia in five years . 
  but / u/redpossum seems to deny entirely that he benefits off the past , or that he should acknowledge the fact ' because he was n't alive then ' . 
  i very much like zurek , from poland - a bizarre kind of sour rye soup with eggs , sausages , and potatoes . 
  very hearty or flying jacob from sweden . 
  do n't ask what 's in it before you try it , it does n't seem like the ingredients would go together but then there are people that like having pineapple on pizza , so what do i know . 
  there 's also the less extreme examples , such as australian peace keeping in the solomon islands and timor leste , or french intervention in mali . 
  then there 's also stuff like libya , and syria ... 
  this argument is so stupid . 
  that may have been true ten years ago , i do n't think it 's the same now . 
  it 's not a ` sweeping generalization ' . 
  i did n't say * all * brits think like this , and i 'm not going to run around looking for a study that probably has n't been done . 
  is english your native tongue ? 
  yeah , because the preceding sentence does n't touch on the subject either ... 
  that they continue to benefit off of the empire , not that it merely * helped * the country . 
  i would love to find out how you think australian 's are systematically discriminating against aborigines . 
  you can try for the ` whataboutism ' all you want , fact remains if you speak to the average voter , that 's what they 'll believe . 
  lord knows i 've met a number of brits that have tried to fob the whole ` terra nullis ' business onto australians . 
  exactly , and this is the point i was making at the start . 
  the germans acknowledged what happened . 
  many ( most ? ), 
  brits still refuse to believe that they 're benefiting off the past , and refuse to acknowledge their countries brutal history . 
  i like this . 
  do more . 
  i never said anything about personal guilt . 
  i also never said it was rude , i just asked you to stop doing it whilst we were in the middle of a discussion . 
  edit : and the constant downvotes from you are n't helping either . 
  what are you trying to argue here exactly ? 
  i said that the germany dealt with it 's history with the nazi regime admirably , and then you went on a spiel about how germans shouldnt give a shit because it was a long time ago . 
  edit : i 'd also appreciate it if you thought about what you wrote , instead of posting and then editing in another two sentences immediately afterwards without telling anyone . 
  you 've done it three times in this thread now . 
  * but you get the benefit , whilst the countries your ancestors colonized suffer the damages * . 
  no , but you benefit off the actions of the state in the past , just as britain ( greatly ) benefited from its colonial past . 
  one of the main reason your standard of living is as it is right now is because of the actions of the colonial past , just as one of the main reasons those countries remain so poor is because of britain 's colonial history . 
  regardless of the fact that it was before your time , the consequences ( benefits and damages ) of those actions endure . 
  ok , so australia should stop caring about how the aborigines were treated under the australian government even as recently as sixty years ago , since most australians were n't alive then . 
  i mean , the consequences of those actions endure , but it 's not our responsibility , right ? 
  it 's isolationism is considerably more than just a reflection of how it 's dealing with its nazi past . 
  no one has the ` right ' to do that . 
  but they can request it , and in many cases governments allow them . 
  why not ? 
  germany has dealt with its history of actions under the nazi regime admirably . 
  the ep is just one part of the decision making process . 
  the other side of the coin is the council of ministers , where each country has a representative . 
  i wrote a literature review a few years ago that found that , when it came to decision making in the council of ministers , smaller countries essentially got what they wanted more often than large countries . 
  estonia in particular excelled in this area . 
  well ... 
  yes , they can . 
  by what measure would they be unable to inside the eu , as opposed to outside of it ? 
  as in , laughing at you if he wanted to attack . 
  a nordic alliance would in no way be able to stop a russian attack , even if they stepped up defence spending to 10 % of gdp . 
  true , though i 'd argue the new states wanted that as well . 
  nato is not about offence . 
  secondly , the nordic countries are all third-rate military powers with ( aside from finland ) no real military doctrine over the last century . 
  russia would laugh at a nordic alliance numbering about 25 million people . 
  if collective defence is what you 're after , it would have to be nato . 
  a military alliance of non-military states numbering around 25 million people in total ? 
  that would do even less to deter russia than nato would , and russia is certainly not going to attack a nato country . 
  the kremlin 's fedora wearing propaganda bot is stuck on repeat !, 
  yeah , i 'd be very surprised if it was something they left out . 
  because that 's how the member states wanted it . 
  it 's ` pooled sovereignty ' , where countries join their sovereignty together to get a better outcome . 
  seems a bit harsh if a migrant worker brought their sick grandparent along to take care of them . 
  because the grandparent did n't learn dutch ( due to illness ) , they should stop getting basic income to survive ? 
  presumably they 'll have exceptions for such cases . 
  pray tell how the greeks spending considerably more than they could afford to service their debts is the fault of the eu . 
  germany does n't control the ecb . 
  i 'm having trouble coming up with why the ecb is refusing to print money , given i know little about the institution . 
  are there set limits they 're not allowed to break , or some other reason ? 
  nope , it 's based on past interactions with you as well . 
  there are a bunch of details about me if someone goes through my history . 
  it does n't bother me one way or another whether you believe me , i 've already got you tagged as a xenophobe . 
  yep . 
  even if the whole thing goes ukraine 's way , the scars , particularly in the eastern cities , between ethnic russians and ukrainians will take a long time to heal . 
  hehe , yeah , i 'm of the opinion that almost anything can work in a properly regulated environment , and until recently would have said that australia was * par excellence * with respect to regulation in general , hence why i frequently refer to how things work in australia ( as well as my greater familiarity with it ) . 
  looking at the other conversation threads here , it seems we both seem to largely agree , but our tendencies to take it to extremes caused a needless argument !, 
  eu hft is probably not as well regulated ( i could n't say definitively , because i 'm not very familiar with hft in europe ) as in australia , and could use some better regulation . 
  i just do n't think there 's a realistic chance of hft causing , or even being a major factor in , causing a depression-era crash . 
  you can choose to think that , sure . 
  you would 've inevitably disagreed with me anyway , so it 's no skin off my back . 
  personally , i 'm getting tired of arguing with the racists on here , but i think we have to keep it up if we do n't want every topic on / r/europe to just be dominated by them . 
  i 've seen a lot of quality posters leave / r/europe because of them , the educated kind that actually knew what they were talking about on issues but got sick and tired of seeing racism on here . 
  it 's an obligation to me these days , rarely a pleasure . 
  sorry , but i disagree with you . 
  it no longer matters that they were * meant * to be ethnic states , because under eu movement rules , as well as those countries own immigration policies over the last 5 decades , they no longer are . 
  the second that various national governments started inviting over africans , south americans , asians , etc , the concept flew out the window . 
  these countries , and their societies , made an implicit social contract that they would no longer be ethnic states and would accept , and protect , and treat as equals , all non-ethnic groups that came . 
  so saying that ` racism is not an applicable term for europe ' is just wrong . 
  they have all become ` civil societies ' , as opposed to ` ethnic societies ' , and the only ones that ca n't acknowledge that are those that have n't moved with the times .
