  yeah , i was n't very happy about his populist-style comments . 
  that said , keller has been terrible throughout , juncker has been a dead fish and only verhofstadt and schulz have been interesting . 
  it 's not my country , i 'm just living there . 
  alde does n't have any party associations in poland , or at least none that get any kind of decent number of votes . 
  so let 's have freedom for false advertising , libel , etc as well . 
  after all , as long as it 's only * my opinion * that someone has sex with donkeys and i publish it in a newspaper , it must be ok right ? 
  i 'm not sure how much international travelling you'e done , but getting your passport stamped , visas , going through customs , etc is really fucking annoying . 
  i think i like verhofstadt more , but respect schulz more . 
  regardless , alde is n't running in the country i 'm living in so it 's got ta be schulz ( i have dual citizenship , before anyone asks ) . 
  i agree , except with this ;  a free trade agreement is required . 
  in order for that to function as well as is possible , some institution that can harmonise rules , make trade offs between the interests of the separate nations , and act to integrate the economies is required . 
  that institution is the eu . 
  an fta does n't require institutions to harmonize and so on , that 's what a common market needs . 
  they 're two different beasts, 
  whenever i get to chatting to finnish people in a bar , i always tell them they do n't have a very finnish accent . 
  they love me for it . 
  interesting , thanks !, 
  when speaking english , presumably ? 
  not finnish . 
  debt to gdp over a similar time period [ does n't look as bad ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/czech-republic/government-debt-to-gdp ) , going from about 15 % to 45 %, 
  that 's one decade !, 
  it 's quadrupled !, 
  as i understand it , poland did n't pursue reparations because of the land it got from germany . 
  of course , this was all determined by the soviet union and i do n't think either poland or germany got much of a say in the matter . 
  1991 coup attempt in russia ? 
  so does rich people buying houses in london . 
   with house prices going up . 
  yes that harms almost all people that want to get on the housing ladder near london . 
  rich people buying nice houses in nice neighbourhoods harms me , because now i ca n't afford to buy those houses . 
  damn rich people !, 
  europe would n't have to just rely on the us . 
  australia is set to have a massive boom of lng over the next 3-4 years as a number of multi-billion dollar lng export terminals come online . 
  that 's beside the point though , as europe would still have to build the lng import terminals to accomodate such a transition . 
  poland has the largest one which is supposed to supply 50 % of polands gas needs , and that 's not going to be finished until early next year . 
  i see some limited validity to hegemonic stability theory , so if the hegemon is one more aligned with ` good ' then i 'm happy . 
  they 've already laid the groundwork on a couple , or begun repurposing import terminals . 
  they 're expected to have the first exports [ next year ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/03/14/freeportlng-ferc-idusl2n0mb0rx20140314 ), 
  it 's preferable to a chinese one , or a russian one , which do n't hold classical liberal , free market , human rights , values . 
  that 's not the case anymore . 
  they started granting export licenses for lng last year . 
  i find it 's preferable to the alternative . 
  also , where are you from ? 
  you do n't have any flair . 
  of course they do n't . 
  but they also need nato to remain a viable entity more than they do n't want to go to war . 
  the end of nato spells the end of us hegemony . 
  it makes it much easier to justify a war to the american public if some of those killed in an invasion are american troops . 
  the interest is in stopping russia from committing further acts that are illegal under international law , of going against the international community , of being a warmonger , as well as to reinforce the international order and counter challenges to western global supremacy . 
  i also take ` the next 100 years ' with a grain of salt , but he explicitly states that the further away in time he predicts , the less certain it is to happen . 
  to paint everything he writes as his certain prediction that something will happen is to mischaracterize his statements . 
  no one discusses nuclear energy in terms of transportation , unless they 're talking about shipping . 
  from that , it 's enough to conclude the topic is electricity . 
  first post  we all know that 's impossible in the near term , but why did n't he say that europe should invest in renewable energy and nuclear energy instead of saying `` buy it from the us '' ? 
  second post  sure , there are other uses for oil and gas , but the main one is energy production etc. 
  he says energy , but that 's because he 's not a native speaker . 
  it 's clear he 's talking about electricity . 
  it 's pretty clear from the context that we were discussing it in terms of electricity generation . 
  australia and the us are having an lng boom at the moment , iran not so much . 
  qatar is currently the largest producer , but it wo n't last . 
   or you can do some fact-checking to discover that ukrainian defense ministry ca n't confirm such transgression . 
  got a link ? 
  i just told you , they 're not primarily used in electricity generation . 
  they 're not the kind of processes you can replace with some solar panels or wind turbines . 
  it 's apples and oranges , mate . 
  for example , natural gas and coal are directly used in the creation of fertilizer . 
  they kind of are . 
  the green revolution , the only thing that allows us to support the 7.5 billion odd people on the planet , is a direct result of the use of fossil fuels in the agricultural sector . 
  like it or not , we need resources like oil and gas . 
  because an energy independent europe is impossible . 
  but yes , undoubtedly they probably do n't care beyond how it affects them . 
  most of their nuclear reactors were hitting the end of their lifespan anyway , and the german anti-nuclear movement is ( unfortunately ) probably one of the strongest in the world . 
  google translate for the curious  what the fuck do you know , fuck chilling out at the end of the world here to bullshit us in europe , what can and what can not , get back to okle you came for !, 
  lol . 
  sorry , but no . 
  far and away , most oil and gas is not for electricity generation , but for purposes such as transportation or heating , agriculture , and plastics . 
   first , he wants to expand the sanctions no matter what , totally ignoring the consequences ( i.e. 
  because it mostly affects europe ) . 
  i 'm tired of people acting as if sanctions against russia ca n't be put in place . 
  there were massive sanctions against the soviet union in the past , far beyond what has been planned , or even seriously proposed , for russia . 
   then , he talks about a transatlantic energy strategy . 
  why ca n't europe be 100 % energy independent ? 
  we all know that 's impossible in the near term , but why did n't he say that europe should invest in renewable energy and nuclear energy instead of saying `` buy it from the us '' ? 
  it 's because he does n't care about europe ? 
  because oil and gas have a tremendous amount of industrial applications beyond electricity generation . 
  i do n't see how it would be an american dependence on gas . 
  america does n't even export lng yet ( the only conceivable way of transporting it ) , and europe can find other partners for that , such as australia which is set to have the largest lng export market in the world in the next few years . 
  even there , russia is n't even a majority exporter to the eu of o&g , so i do n't think it 's suggesting moving to an american dependence at all but rather to reorient europe away from russian energy and proposing the us as an alternative . 
  no , they 've outright stated that they want to defund iter and reallocate that money to wind and solar . 
  [ `` rebecca harms , a green party member of the european parliament ( mep ) , says that she and her party have always opposed iter '' ] ( http://news.sciencemag.org/physics/2010/12/message-iter-fusion-project-keep-calm-and-carry ) she 's co-president of the european greens, 
  i find that listening to aussie hip hop ( hilltop , drapht , bliss n eso ) for half an hour before going out , or a skype convo with some friends * really * changes how you talk . 
  if you need to sound aussie again , just do that beforehand !, 
  yeah , back in aus we have a group called ` socialist alternative ' that 's very active in universities . 
  i sympathised with their goals , but christ they were a bunch of brain-dead morons that could n't understand why what they were pushing for would n't work . 
  i ca n't help but feel that this is a similar situation . 
  the egp is against iter , what is essentially the most advanced fusion ( ha ) of science and technology in the world . 
  they want to end fusion research ( despite the non - energy generating scientific benefits ) and reinvest that money in solar and wind instead, 
  which part of the uk are you from ? 
  alas , thanks to dealing with non-native english speakers over the last 5 years of ... questionable ... proficiency ( spanish erasmus students ) , i 've lost most of my accent to be more easily understood . 
  i still have the aussie twang for a few words , but these days people assume i 'm some form of british due to my neutral mode of speach :(, 
  i find that most ecologists in europe are n't really pragmatists , but rather dreamers .
