  it 's quite depressing that the stereotypes of headstrong poles and so on still persist to this day , where you actually think poland would want to move into ukraine with tanks . 
  i never said ostpolitik did n't work back then , i 'm saying its continued use is an attachment to the past , rather than a reflection of the present situation . 
  by guards and the like . 
  this is one of the main points for me against the legitimacy of the referendum . 
  i realise there are many , much stronger , arguments about the crimean referendum . 
  but for me , the fact that the tartars are once more getting shafted is pretty fucking tragic . 
  promises made to them about representation have been broken . 
  crimean businesses are being expropriated or outright hijacked . 
  they 're getting kicked out of their houses . 
  all of this , as a consequence of russian nationalism ( lets not deny that this is a large factor here ) , and russian domineering . 
  poland , and the baltic states , have long been saying that russia simply can not be trusted . 
  even during the warming up period ( around the time of the polish plane crash ) , there were many reservations . 
  countries which had had russia as an existential threat for centuries , and which had dealt with them diplomatically for as long , are basically being told to take a backseat . 
  who is at russian-ukrainian peace conferences ? 
  not the poles , who probably have more experience than any country west of them in dealing with russia . 
  not any of the baltics . 
  no , it 's germany which has a historic attachment to * ostpolitik * , and think that their methods - which have been proven time and time again to not match reality - are taking the forefront . 
  and the same mistakes are still being made . 
  how do you know they 're all illegal ? 
  that seems to be a massive stretch . 
  so you 're saying that as an immigrant , you 're pissed off that all the other immigrants are n't like you ? 
  it 's definitely an underprivileged area , but nothing like the apocalyptic visions people online like to paint it as . 
  i did n't get that impression . 
  i lived in sweden for a few years , including near rosengard , the malmo suburb that people like to paint as a muslim caliphate in europe . 
  it 's a perfectly normal place . 
  the numbers i last read was that around half the european claims were without merit . 
  really ? 
  you 're hugely influenced by refugees and asylum seekers in poland ? 
  do you believe that all political parties , no matter what their views and official actions are , should be allowed ? 
  should a party such as , say , golden dawn , a political party where the leadership of the organization arranged killings not be banned ? 
  i 'd disagree , i 'd call bringing government spending back under control . 
  for the two decades prior to the commencement of the crisis , greece won almost every year in the oecd for having the largest budget deficit . 
  that was obviously unsustainable , and led to the situation they are in . 
  man , colour me unsurprised that it 's you guys circlejerking here about how people with far-right and xenophobic views are so oppressed !, 
  we were discussing ` austerity ' , a wonderfully nebulous term , not the washington consensus . 
  the imf does n't institute blanket one size fits all policies . 
  it examines each country that requests a loan from it , and sets out the conditions based on what it thinks are necessary . 
  with respect to greece , that happened to be austerity because greece did n't have any other options . 
  your sweeping generalizations are n't helping here . 
   and anyway you said that the imf in general is pro-austerity above . 
  do n't make shit up man . 
  i never wrote anything of the sort . 
  except that 's for regular countries . 
  greece 's options are constrained for the fact that they are in the euro , and that they had no ability to fund a fiscal stimulus ( short of taking on debt at 14 % + interest rates ) . 
  if greece had n't backed itself into a corner , sure , maybe the situation would 've been different and they would n't have needed austerity . 
  but the facts are the facts , and so greece 's only option was austerity . 
  i 'm not sure how many more times we 're going to have to have this same argument . 
  in fairness , a great part of an economic crisis is usually market sentiment . 
  it makes sense for her to either lie , or mislead , the public in the hopes of mitigating the upcoming crisis . 
  the imf did n't say they failed to realize the damage austerity policies would do . 
  what they said was that some of their modelling was inaccurate . 
  i wish people would [ read the original report ] ( http://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/scr/2013/cr13156.pdf ) , if only the executive summary , instead of relying on misleading guardian headlines . 
  [ 68 % are found to be refugees after the first pass . 
  average rate of acceptance in total has been over or around 90 % 2008-2013 . p. 30 ] ( https://www.immi.gov.au/media/publications/statistics/immigration-update/asylum-trends-aus-2012-13.pdf ) yes . 
  so many economic migrants . 
  they took their children with them because they were n't going to leave their kids in a dangerous warzone . 
  do you not understand why the refugee convention exists , and what refugees are ? 
  actually , it 's awful . 
  children literally grow up in camps like the one in png . 
  there was a riot over conditions recently ( because they are very bad ) where a few people died . 
  sexual ( and physical ) abuse is commonplace . 
  the unhcr was extremely critical of the situation . 
  i 'm not exactly sure where the idea came about that refugees have to be poor to be refugees . 
  that 's simply not the case , the jews during ww2 were relatively well off . 
  the fact that they 're willing to spend a year of their salary to get here is more indicative of how desperate they are , more than anything else . 
   the pool of people that want to immigrate to europe and have the story to do so is practically limitless . 
  europe needs to think more of her own welfare and that of her people generations to come . 
  not everyone can be saved and a nation 's first duty is to its people . 
  someone does n't qualify as a refugee just because they happen to be poor . 
   do you have any actual answers or just righteous indignation [ 1 ] ? 
  if your opinion is that they should all be allowed in and given benefits , citizenship , shipped off to northern europe etc. 
  then say so , but do n't come into a thread and attack others when you 've offered no solution of your own to a very big problem . 
  if they 're in distress , help them . 
  if the request asylum , process it . 
  if they 're not deemed to be refugees , deport them . 
  how difficult is that , that 's the process we agreed to following the horrendous treatment of refugee jews during the second world war such as on the ss st louis . 
  this is a massive exaggeration not representative of reality . 
  belarus has always played it 's own game . 
  see my comment elsewhere here for some ( basic ) details . 
  it 's not a recent thing , belarus has always tried to distance itself from russia , much as most central asian countries have been ` playing sides ' between russia , china , and the us . 
  back in around '07 i believe , lukashenko even said that belarussian soldiers wo n't die for russian geopolitical goals . 
  belarus also never recognized abkhazia or south ossetia . 
  even so , i do n't see how that would somehow make my opinion invalid if i were . 
  as i recall , recent immigrants are some of the strongest proponents of cutting down on immigration . 
  i 'd be going against the grain . 
  well , hopefully , they can improve on the policies of past governments , but it would be pretty silly to break the cooperation that 's been built up over the last few years . 
  that said , the troika ( or whatever name they 're going under now ) can probably stand to give a bit more slack , but not to the extent desired by varoufakis and the like . 
  that 's not what it was . 
  as i recall , the problem was that their proposals were n't in depth enough , particularly with respect to modelling . 
  but perhaps i 'm thinking of something else , in which case yeah , that is awful reporting . 
  you 're thinking of someone else . 
  i 've never been to iran or cyprus . 
  my parents are both european . 
  it 's good that , as the article claims , european fascism is growing rapidly ? 
  the least pleasant conversations i 've had in poland are those with jkm supporters . 
  one thing i learned living in poland is that poles love their conspiracy theories . 
  tax increases are unpopular , does n't mean a tax increase is undemocratic . 
  you 're confusing populism with democracy . 
  democracy is tremendously more complicated than just `` 50 % +1 means it 's good and ok '' . 
  mate , you have an incredibly simplistic and non-nuanced view of the situation .
