  it 's at a tremendously low level thanks to the shenanigans pulled by syriza over recent months . 
  politics is , after all , the art of working with other people towards mutual goal . 
  syriza represents the greek people , despite only getting some 30 % of the vote . 
  the institutions and the eu itself want some sign that the greek people actually want to continue being part of the project , that syrizas behavior over the last month is n't what they actually want . 
  yes . 
  i think the bailout plan was helping to stabilise the country until a time when it would be politically palatable to actually have a solution to the crisis ( ie ; mutually agreed to haircut ) . 
  syria screwed that up with their abrasive style , turning most of europe against them , and eroding what sympathy the public has for them . 
  only a yes vote , showing that greeks are committed to sticking to the eu through thick and thin can win back what syria made greece lose . 
  why ca n't it be both ? 
  he thinks the greeks might make a catastrophic mistake , both for themselves and for europe . 
  if anything , he 's not even close to matching the amount of populist rhetoric tsipiras used in his referendum speech . 
  that 's not what i asked . 
  i asked how it overruled greek parliament . 
  perhaps if those businesses had n't been chronically tax avoiding for decades , such measures would n't have to be implemented ? 
  it 's not blackmail . 
  blackmail would be `` give us money or we 'll do these actions to you '' . 
  this was `` we 're willing to lend you money , but only if you do this . 
  that was a measure proposed to combat the rampant tax avoidance . 
   it 's basically a overruling of greece 's parliament how the hell is it that ? 
  please , i 'm begging you , tell me . 
  any measures implemented by the package would have to be * passed * by the greek parliament . 
  so you have no idea what 's going on , but based on the headline you 're going to assume the eu is doing something bad ? 
  yeah , the baltics went through a massive austerity shock and came out flying on the other side . 
  made the hard decisions early , got it done , and now you do n't have to deal with bailout packages for 6 years . 
  only our governing party is close to the us , the majority of us are considerably to the left of that fuckwit abbott . 
  so absolute nutters , then ? 
  yeah , i feel you bro . 
  you 're probably the * last * person on this sub i 'd accuse of being neoliberal . 
  closet red , definitely , but not a neoliberal . 
   even the kke party which is the most anti-eu party in the parliament blamed them for this deception yesterday . 
  yeah , i was shocked by this when i was reading it last night . 
  needless to say , what little respect i had for syriza rapidly eroded . 
  tsipiras 's godawful populist speech did n't help much either . 
  yep , i 've started to think this is the case as well , and perhaps something they 've been edging for for a while . 
  a few years ago it would have been absolutely politically impossible , as most countries were still dealing with the gfc . 
  it 's only now that we 're finally past the hump that people can deal with it conclusively . 
  i mean that the point was to finish the bailout program , the imf leaves it , and then there 's the political and economic manoeuvrability to actually deal with the crisis ( ie : a haircut ) , rather than just ` extend and pretend ' . 
  the soviet union found out how silly it is to make 5-year plans and stick to them rigidly . 
  short term ones mean flexibility as the circumstances change . 
  how would they not have had a choice ? 
  does n't portray immigrants and refugees in a negative light , wo n't get upvoted . 
  the plan , as i understood it , was to manage until the upcoming imf repayment , after which there will be significantly more leeway politically and fiscally to come to a serious solution to the crisis . 
  there was a substantial haircut on greek debt years ago . 
   how ? 
  it is absolutely unheard of to reach a primary surplus of more than 4 or 5 % of gdp in a such dismal state of an economy . 
  how was that supposed to work ? 
  greece did actually achieve such a surplus in a number of quarters , as i recall . 
  i 'll be honest , i chuckled . 
  big news . 
  they wanted a continuation of the existing program , not ` another wave of austerity ' . 
  and then syriza came in and fucked it up . 
  things were improving until they got into power and chronically mismanaged the negotiations , as i said . 
  it 's not the creditors fault . 
  greece basically said `` we 're desperate , please loan us money so we can fix the situation '' . 
  international creditors said `` ok , sure , but only under certain conditions '' . 
  greece accepted those conditions . 
  the alternative would have been to just keep loaning greece money , as they get more and more in debt . 
  because any kind of substantial bailout will require the consent of many european parliaments , many of which would not be able to pass it . 
  so basically a case of `` give us money , or we 'll blow our own brains out '' ? 
  ah , i meant that syriza 's chronic mismanagement has led tot his situation . 
  they 're the ones in charge now . 
  they know that this referendum will take place after the deadline . 
  ok , so it 's the investors fault that greece wasted so much money and got themselves in this situation ? 
  they 're supposed to just say `` ok , fair enough , take our money , we do n't want it back anymore '' ? 
  the only people ` demolishing ' anything , is syriza . 
  oh please , do n't be ridiculous . 
  well then successive greek governments should n't have run such high deficits , the people should 've kept their politicians in check , and syriza should n't have platformed on something they could n't achieve . 
  yeha , with 20 + years of worse pain than what could be achieved with the bailout . 
  i also do n't know why you 're downvoting me . 
  things will be worse with a default and a return to the drachma . 
  right , but generally not 6-7 of the main stories on the page about the topic . 
  voted yes . 
  i think that the consequences of a default and leaving the eurozone are significantly worse than maintaining the bailout package . 
  it 's not such an issue that it deserves to have 50 % of the content on here about that topic . 
   partially recognised in law for some time ; do we extend that they 've only been recognized in so far as they agree to be bound by regular contract law . 
  that is , two people can enter a contract which is fundamentally identical to sharia law , but is fully in line with regular domestic contractual law . 
  a lot of your other stuff is strawman type stuff . 
  no one is suggesting we do away with the western-liberal democratic order to accommodate islam , that we should have polygamy and so on be allowed . 
  you 've taken extreme examples that are supported by miniscule minorities , and have tried to pin it into a narrative where it 's common . 
  it 's not . 
  islam is n't the issue , some cultural practices of some people are the issue . 
  there was zero sense to do it as a result of treaty negotiation , there are hundreds of reasons they might have done it as regular governance . 
  * because that 's what the ruling government wanted to implement * . 
  governments implement bills all the time that few people pay attention to . 
  i do actually know about negotiation theory , i know that there is zero reason for them to implement it early as a result of treaty negotiations . 
  it simply makes ** zero ** sense to . 
  just because such laws are implemented now , does not mean that they 're as a result of the trade negotiation . 
  you 're making this astounding leap that has absolutely no backing , and flies in the face of all international negotiation theory and history . 
  that 's not the case at all . 
  us negotiators can raise objections , but that does n't translate to anything substantive . 
  * no they did n't * . 
  as i said , this is because the governing party wants it . 
  no treaty has ever been introduced piecemeal like this before , you 've introduced your conspiracy theories about the tpp into the subject . 
  seriously , tell me this ; what is the benefit of introducing it in advance as a result of tpp negotiations ? 
  who benefits ? 
  again , you do n't seem to understand . 
  treaty negotiations do n't meant that you implement legislation piecemeal to be in accord with the treaty . 
  it comes * during ratification * as a big omnibus bill that contains all the provision of the treaty . 
  there is absolutely zero need to begin implementing provisions of the treaty negotiations prior to ratification , unless the ruling party actually wants those provisions . 
  it does n't help them in any way in negotiations , and it 's not obliged on them in any way as a result of the negotiations short of ratifying the final agreement .
