  greece has had a problem with their budget deficits for decades . 
  [ oecd chart ] ( http://data.oecd.org/chart/4f6o ) . 
  [ comparison to other countries ] ( http://data.oecd.org/chart/4f6q ) . 
  this has basically been the most sustainable the greek budget has been in two decades . 
  just because troika modelling did n't accurately predict what would happen , does n't mean that ` austerity ' was n't a success . 
  and i 'm still not hearing any alternative solutions ? 
  no austerity ? 
  where would they have had the funding for that , except 14 % interest rate bonds ? 
  edit : my charts are n't working , but basically greece has been averaging around a 7 % budget deficit for the last two decades . 
  no one said they spoke for syriza . 
  they said they worked for the government . 
  as minister of justice , he has incredible weight on such a matter , and it 's stupid to try and deny what a huge statement that was from him . 
  explaining how creditor markets and default work is * not * the same as supporting the suffering that 's happening in greece . 
  no one wants greece to suffer . 
  i have n't heard any credible alternative solutions , so i do n't see what the issue is . 
  he 's angry at nigel farage , but farage has a way of twisting even the most innocuous of ideas to his agenda . 
  i 'd hardly generalize that to the british public . 
  there 's the positivus festival in late july which is awesome . 
  does he ? 
  what gave you that idea ? 
   however , it was reckless for the idea of immediate eu membership or within a few years to be held out as a treat to the new government . 
  sorry , but i do n't recall seeing this anywhere except people discussing the possibility on reddit . 
  where did you see this ? 
  it was a literature review , so it was basically an analysis of all the current research on decision making in the council of ministers . 
   you 're right in that vetoing right is probably the one single method by which smaller countries in the eu have any kind of power to get what they want that 's not actually the case . 
  i wrote a literature review on decision making in the council of ministers and found that the academic consensus ( based on the deu2 dataset ) is that smaller countries are more likely to get what they want than larger countries . 
  austerity was merely a symptom of the corruption . 
  mearsheimer is pretty much the father of `` offensive realism '' . 
  to a hammer , everything looks like a nail . 
  needless to say , i completely disagree with his analysis because he presumes little agency for the ukrainian people . 
  i do n't often get this frustrated , but you are just absolutely unpleasant to have a discussion with . 
  i do n't want to continue this with you , so you can have your last word . 
  this would be a lot less painless for both of us if you 'd stick to the argument , instead of making fun of me . 
   all you have given are some very poorly reasoned arguments while ignoring every bad side effect a quota has . 
  i have n't ignored them . 
  i 've explicitly stated i 'm aware they exist , i just believe that quotas are the lesser evil . 
   no company culture is strictly the same . 
  some do n't really care about gender , they care about qualifications and experience . 
  in fact i would bet a good amount of money on that those last two things are what most of them are looking for . 
  it just so happens that some old relics think women are incompetent . 
  but no , let 's not have nuance in this debate . 
  clearly `` company culture '' is infested with sexism . 
  no one is arguing that every company is the same . 
  but the overhwelming prevailing trend for promotion within a company at the highest echelons is that of networking , mentoring , and grooming and not through some cold hr process that only looks at objective facts . 
  and it is that method of promotion which is what serves to keep women down . 
   you are already so far in that you readily accept a significant amount of bad for the sake of results . 
  i do n't , the slow route is better and more humane . 
  the slow route is n't humane to the huge amount of women that are systemically discriminated against . 
   you are demonstrably wrong as long as there is a gender disparity in the workforce . 
  if every job was distributed 50/50 among gender then you might have a point , the reality is just different and thus it falls flat . 
  i have n't claimed that every job should be disributed 50/50 along gender lines . 
  what i 've claimed is that there is a systemic discrimination against women getting into higher positions , as well as the corporate culture that enables this . 
  i did n't say this was a conspiracy , but is rather a reflection on how hiring and promotion at those levels works . 
  i do n't think quotas are an extreme measure to rectify this . 
  i of course see issues with their implementation , but i think the outcome is worth it . 
  yes . 
  which greece signed up to . 
  meaning they put themselves there willingly . 
  [ source , if you 're curious ] ( http://www.ecb.europa.eu/pub/pdf/scplps/ecblwp10.pdf ) . 
   concludes that [ ... ] a member state 's exit from emu , without a parallel withdrawal from the eu , would be legally inconceivable, 
  legal opinion based on the treaties . 
  i never said that the ecb would kick greece out of the eu . 
  i was under the impression that the official opinion of the ecb was that greece leaving the euro would necessitate it leaving the eu as well . 
  glad we agree . 
  equality of opportunity . 
  not equality of outcome . 
   there is no quota for men there 's an implicit quota in the form of the systemic discrimination against women . 
  it may be slowly lowering , but the fact remains that women are systemically discriminated against . 
   a board can be entirely male or female while the society is perfectly egalitarian . 
  i have n't disagreed with this . 
  but there remains a considerable body of evidence that women are being discriminated against , and you seem to be fine to just let that continue . 
  you talk about how there are problems with quotas ( `` people will assume they only got the job because of quotas '' and `` but it discriminates against men '' ) , but i see these as less important than ending the discrimination against women . 
  hell , the latter `` it discriminates against men '' is n't even the case , actually it removes the discrimination * in favour * of men so women can compete . 
  which is still not a reason to write that . 
  she said the reason why was because of rape in india , apparently . 
  if it 's full , say it 's full - do n't bring up some other random shit . 
   no , it really is not . 
  the reality is that we have some perceived inequality when it comes to senior business management , not that the corporations can not have the people they want . 
  there are no restrictions on gender right now and quotas would introduce that . 
  the reality is that women are massively underrepresented in senior positions , and this is borne out in study after study , such as [ here ] ( https://hbr.org/2010/03/women-in-management-delusions-of-progress ) . 
  there is massive systemic bias against women in board positions . 
  there is not just ` perceived inequality ' . 
  there is inequality . 
  men are consistently given an advantage over women . 
  introducing quotas for women would address this imbalance which already has a tacit 80 % quota for men ( though declining ) . 
   culture changes with the new generations , yes , some things stick , but it is very evident that the younger demographic is far more gender egalitarian than the older . 
  if you do n't think these things will happen organically then you 're simply kidding yourself and do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  you think it 's ok for women to continue to be discriminated against for * at least * the next 40 years just because eventually it will go away ? 
   it absolutely will in due time when is this `` due time '' exactly ? 
  how long do we have to wait until women are no longer discriminated against in senior management positions , and why do you support this discrimination for this amount of time ? 
  i do n't think there 'd that much demand from women for 30 % of sewage workers to be women . 
  unless you propose grabbing random women off the street and forcing them to be sewage workers to meet a quota , which seems ridiculous . 
  they solve the problem of `` qualified women are n't getting the positions they deserve '' . 
  i do n't think anyone thinks they 're going to fix the worlds gender problems . 
   by implementing this you are essentially creating a stigma that women can not do as well as men and need help . 
  some people will think that , sure , but it would n't be the reasoning why it would be implemented . 
   you are also creating a reality where people more qualified can not gain a position , not because the company do n't want them there , but simply because someone of a different gender needs to be there . 
  this is * already the reality * , except one not enshrined by law . 
  this is what quotas would address . 
  quotas would fix this problem far more than `` waiting for the old men to die '' because culture outlives people .
