  ah , i was just joking about how our conversations normally go . 
  cheers for the insight !, 
  bla bla bla respect refugees  i disagree i disagree . 
  do you think ttip will pop up in the future , or do you think no one will care throughout ? 
  a prominent estonian internet activist wanted to ask me a few questions about ttip a while ago , it seems like estonia should have resounding support for the deal . 
  first , estonia already has a bilateral investment treaty with the us containing isds , so that 's not an issue . 
  second , the eu has promised that measures in acta , such as criminalization of illegal downloads and isp monitoring are n't going to be included , and third the benefits likely to accrue to estonia are quite sizeable . 
  but i do n't know how it actually is on the ground . 
  is there a semblance of an anti-ttip movement there , or do people have more pressing domestic concerns ? 
  great post !, 
  to add to what you 've written , i 'd like to say why i think we should be trusting of the eu in this matter . 
  the eu craves the legitimacy of the people . 
  national parliaments have the unquestioning legitimacy of the overwhelming majority of that nations people , but for the eu this is something that has to be carefully husbanded , conserved , and earned . 
  the member state governments have overwhelming control of the eu thanks to the council of ministers and the european council , and whilst politicians will always be politicians , the fact that the eu needs this to be popular amongst the public is why i think they wo n't sell us down the river . 
  of course , the final agreement will be public for more than a year after it 's made which will be plenty of time for scrutiny , and the european parliament shot down acta thanks to public pressure ( something the eu negotiating team is very mindful of ) , so there 's still hope even if it does turn out to be rotten . 
  but that the ep shot down acta is merely another indicator that there 's no reason to distrust the eu - because the negotiating team is already wary of what will be acceptable to the ep , to national parliaments , and to the people in general - and they will negotiate with what 's politically possible to pass in mind . 
  i think the only sensible answer is to wait until the text of the agreement is actually released before judging . 
  it 'll be public for more than a year before it 's even voted on , we can scrutinize it to death then . 
  you do n't understand . 
  they 're not land meters , they 're * nautical * meters . 
  or they mistook feet for meters . 
  i beg to differ . 
  i do n't think regulations will be watered down . 
  he was born in europe , we 're dealing with him thanks to you guys . 
  investment chapters cover substantially more than just isds . 
  can you give me any details about razem and nowoczesna ? 
  i have n't heard of them before . 
   as long as donal tusk was at the helm there was an impression that po more or less understands it 's voters , but recent elections finally showed their level of disconnect . 
   for example after the 1st round of elections a 30-yo man asked the president how is he supposed to live of his 2000pln ( 500 $ ) wage . 
  `` change job and take a loan '' was the answer . 
  i thought that was said about the guys girlfriend . 
  but is n't this the kind of realistic answer you 'd want from a polish president ? 
  he has no power to change that , and the facts remain the facts . 
  is he supposed to give them some empty platitude ? 
  make more false promises that do n't align in the slightest with his power ? 
  sorry , it was in [ this one ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/press/index.cfm?id=1234 ) . 
   the negotiations on investment in ttip have been suspended and will only resume once the commission has come to the assessment that its new proposals guarantee among other things that the jurisdiction of courts in the eu member states will not be limited by special regimes for investor-to-state-disputes . 
  maybe part of some political bargaining based on their immigration referendum ? 
  i guess we just have differing perspectives , i do n't think we 'll reach a concord in this area !, 
  still , nice talking to you . 
  ok , so here 'd my argument about why i think we should trust the eu about this ; the eu craves the legitimacy of the people . 
  national parliaments have the unquestioning legitimacy of the overwhelming majority of that nations people , but for the eu this is something that has to be carefully husbanded , conserved , and earned . 
  the member state governments have overwhelming control of the eu thanks to the council of ministers and the european council , and whilst politicians will always be politicians , the fact that the eu needs this to be popular amongst the public is why i think they wo n't sell us down the river . 
  of course , the final agreement will be public for more than a year after it 's made which will be plenty of time for scrutiny , and the european parliament shot down acta thanks to public pressure ( something the eu negotiating team is very mindful of ) , so there 's still hope even if it does turn out to be rotten . 
  but that the ep shot down acta is merely another indicator that there 's no reason to distrust the eu - because the negotiating team is already wary of what will be acceptable to the ep , and they will negotiate with what 's politically possible to pass in mind . 
  jesus , wish i could keep not remembering the details of that one . 
  it feels weird to so strongly agree with you . 
  i once saw a listing in melbourne of a saudi prince , looking exclusively for a female roommate at $ 0/month . 
  private interviews only to discuss details . 
  this still seems creepier . 
  technically , catholics are christian no ? 
  mass graves for unbaptized children or something , if i remember correctly . 
  i do n't think it 's as easy to dismiss it as that . 
  i 'm on my phone now , but i 'll happily elaborate when i get home later in the day . 
  because it 's pretty much in the negotiating mandate and the eu has repeatedly stated that . 
  if that changes , i 'll be against ttip , but until that happens i 'm willing to trust the eu . 
  `` wc-eend '' ? 
  you raised `` netherlands , germany and uk combined '' . 
  regardless , i do n't think that 's a difference in behaviour . 
  if anything , it shows the two act extremely similar . 
  germany remains hypocritical . 
  the links that the guardian website made of this to ttip are tenuous at best and spurious at worst . 
  the actual minutes are far more innocuous than that . 
  dg trade basically said that they would allow for a mechanism to exchange views ( which has been leaked in the past , and is completely non-binding ) . 
  i imagine that the reason they said they were worried about public opinion was justification for not suggesting a more stringent mechanism . 
  things changed compared to a few hours before you made your comment . 
  i 'm still waiting for your links by the way . 
   the government already has a method for this exact thing . 
  no there are n't . 
  domestic courts operate on domestic law . 
  if a government changes something in a domestic law that goes contrary to the treaty , the domestic court has to judge with that new law in mind and not the treaty . 
  isds provisions remedy this by creating a special ad-hoc court just for judging based on the text of the treaty . 
   so , either you are saying that this system does n't work properly yet -- in which case with the new system companies would gain influence , while citizens would be stuck with the old system -- or the new system provides no benefit over the old system , and is therefore just added bureaucracy with no additional gain . 
  neither ? 
  they 're used for different things . 
   otherwise citizen should be able to sue their government if the government lowers , or not increases regulations while ignoring empirical evidence , like in the pesticide case . 
  the pesticide case has nothing to do with isds . 
  the netherlands is the largest initiator of isds per capita * by far * . 
  anyway ,  investors from the eu member state are the largest users of isds . 
  cases brought by investors from the european union total 327 , thus accounting for more than 50 % of isds cases initiated . 
  investors from almost all eu member states have brought isds cases ( except estonia , slovakia , romania , bulgaria , malta and ireland ) . 
  [ source ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2015/january/tradoc_153046.pdf ) . 
  what concerns do you think they 're not addressing ? 
  i know that that is the way the world works today . 
  well , i eagerly await your links . 
  in return , i can offer you two comments i made about isds that might change your view . 
  [ here ] ( http://np.reddit.com/r/economics/comments/36j4rj/ive_read_obamas_secret_trade_deal_elizabeth/creo7lp ) i go over a few isds cases , and why popular portrayal of them is completely misrepresenting reality ( as well as explaining when and how isds is done ) and [ here ] ( http://np.reddit.com/r/truereddit/comments/2srn0u/trade_secrets_why_will_no_one_answer_the_obvious/cnsffwo ) i went over how arbitration panels themselves work . 
  i think you have a lot of misconceptions about the negotiations , and about isds ( the courts ) . 
  if you read my comment [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/politicaldiscussion/comments/37akma/could_we_have_an_educated_discussion_about_free/crl34m7 ) ( and the comments i link to there , i think you will definitely lose a lot of your anger !, 
   companies can sue if a government changes their laws and they have losses due to it . 
  this is * not * how it works . 
   as we 've seen in the recent case in romania , this applies if a government reduces subsidies . 
  link ? 
   as we 've seen in the recent case in uruguay , this applies if a government increases consumer protection . 
  just because they can argue a case , it does n't mean they will win - and in this case , most people think they will lose . 
  you can make a frivolous case in a domestic legal system as well , but people do n't start arguing about how evil it is . 
   we have a recently released statement that the eu avoided improving their pesticide regulations due to them anticipating ttip . 
  that 's a mischaracterization of what happened . 
  if you read the leaked documents , you 'll see it was n't us negotiators , it was just the american chamber of commerce that raised their concerns . 
  these documents are lacking any further context , and it is difficult to paint a whole picture of what happened based on those leaks .
