  you ca n't just invade another countries territorial waters . 
  or were you the person i was once arguing with on here that said the eu should invade north africa to deny people access to the seas ? 
  the ec does n't have a valid claim against the mistral ships . 
  they do against south stream . 
  nord stream was a shenanigans , i agree . 
  hungary , get your shit together . 
  maybe back in the early 90s . 
  these days it 's like saying ` damn ' or ` darn ' . 
  but we aussies have long been some of the most liberal users of words that could be considered swear words , so it may be different for us ,, 
   the constant * nothing * is what is helping fuel anger towards the eu and eurozone -- how helpless , ineffective , insufficient and useless the whole thing is . 
  i used to be a fan of merkel at the beginning of the crisis , because she seems to be active in tackling it . 
  but at the moment , she needs to go to make way for someone with the energy and drive to push for change . 
  unfortunately , it does n't seem germany anyone around that fits the bill . 
  i 'd love to know where i was being rude or swearing ( unless you consider ` shit ' swearing ) , compared to those that i 've been discussing with . 
  you can backtrack and try and day this thread had been about politics all you want , it 's not the case . 
  someone wrote about the australian solution , i pointed out how it was illegal , and the argument went from there . 
  i 've been saying throughout that if australia had to pick a hegemon , it would be the us over china . 
  but i think were of a sufficient technical and geostrategic level that we do n't need one . 
  also , i did n't blame the us for murdoch . 
  i pointed out he was an american citizen , and resident , and the confluence of those two means that he had undue influence on australian politics by diffusing american political norms . 
  again , as i said , it was voluntary to sign up to the agreement . 
  it does n't matter what the ratio is , ratifying the convention was voluntary . 
  let alone that the largest recipients of refugees are n't even rich western countries , but rather countries like turkey and pakistan ... 
  it 's based on the unclos with respect to how territorial waters are eternised . 
  china lays claim to a number of islands in the south china sea ( disputed of course ) which they use as the basis for their maximum permissible territorial sea , and they claim all of it . 
  the interesting thing is that according to their claim , they eyed and beyond what is permissible under the unclos . 
  un refugee convention is a voluntary agreement , many countries have n't ratified it . 
  this is such a batshit crazy stupid argument , i do n't think you even thought before typing it . 
  so subjective . 
  great . 
  can we stop this stupid dance now ? 
  they have disputes with those countries , and it 's unclear who in that area has a more valid claim . 
  there probably never will be any one absolute irrefutable claim , without compromise on all parties . 
  but if the us gets involved , that 's on the us , not on china . 
  i was countering his claim that the people posed an existential threat to his country . 
  ok , fine , have your society and weigh that up to decide what you want to do . 
  i do n't give a shit , i 've just been arguing about what the law currently is and hence what 's applicable under current laws . 
  they 're all interrelated points , if you have a problem with people not addressing your points then point that out in your reply rather than spamming . 
  he 's not an aussie citizen , he 's an american citizen . 
  he 's part of your political and social establishment now , not our . 
  as to your commitment to us ... that 's what i 've been arguing all the time , it 's a promise for something that 's not going to eventuate , were not going to go to war wi china or indonesia , were in charge of our own security , and we do n't need us help . 
  we should n't be part of anzus , we shouldnt have sent troops to korea , vietnam , and iraq . 
  no one has had the capacity to invade us since the second world war , so we 've sacrificed and gotten nothing out of it for 70 years . 
  and if the moment does come that china attacks , the us wo n't do shit because by that stage china will be too powerful and the us will fear nuclear exchange . 
  ok , fine , i do n't care . 
  my elected government has suffered the worst post election polling in australian history , and has maintained a low approval rating . 
  they 're a one term government , i do n't see the issue . 
  and as i 've said elsewhere , china does n't care about us beyond doing business . 
  yeah , these people fleeing war and violence are a dangerous force that are going to destroy out way or life , there 's no way we could possibly see to giving them sanctuary ... 
  well , i can if the person that owns over 50 % of our newspaper distribution is an american citizen with a strong and clear political bias that puts headlines on the largest selling newspaper saying ` kick this mob out ' ( with respect to the last elections ) . 
  or like how we were obliged to invade iraq because the us invoked anzus . 
  australia is n't concerned about china ( or at least , they were n't before the current american-style fuck it got into power ) . 
  and as i pointed out , it has to be in a way according to the vienna convention governing treaties . 
  australia has n't left the refugee convention , it violates it and is thus routinely criticised by the un human rights commission . 
  the adia does n't violate shipping , it 's something most countries have over their territory . 
  china just extended theirs beyond what was reasonable , or pragmatic given relations in the area . 
  i know a lot about the south china sea dispute , the problem is it 's in a legal grey area , and not necessarily that china is acting illegally ( at least , usually ), 
  well , no , i give a legal basis to why governments act as they do , and why it 's difficult to get out of that position ,, 
  it 's not about china fucking up . 
  it 's more a reflection on destructive capabilities of weapons , and how by the time china is even in the beginning of a position to threaten australia , it will be unable to . 
  they do n't have the force projection capabilities , and they 're unlikely to have them for another fifty years at least . 
  a lot can change in that time , and i 'd rather we take our chances than deal with us influence on our politics and foreign policy . 
  yeah , i 'm aware . 
  i do n't see much benefit in the relationship though , and i think there 's too much us influence in australian politics as it is . 
  but china 's claim does have some validity . 
  certainly not to he extent that it claims , but there 's room for compromise by all parties . 
  i have n't seen china challenging freedom on the high seas . 
  well , the nine dash line is pretty dodgy , but it has some minor validity and certainly affords them a claim to much of the area . 
  that said , it 's not a democracy . 
  the ccp manages the people and tries to manage public opinion , it 's the ccps decision if it leads to war or not , and they 're some very cool cats on that front . 
  they 're not going to get dragged into a conflict they might lose . 
  well go exercise your democratic right to have a protest about the convention by having more than the maximum amount of people allowed to gather in one place in a public area . 
  it 's illegal . 
  i guess law trumps democracy . 
   none hence my disinterest in the outcome . 
  the best way for this to be resolved is a pragmatic accord between china , the us , and surrounding countries . 
  failing that , between the us and china . 
  holy shit , how many different places do i have to have this same argument with you in this submission where you ignore everything i say ? 
  i 'm sceptical that china will ever be on the same industrial-technological level as the west . 
  in the first place , i do n't think indonesia would take any shit from china so there 's that shield to our north . 
  they should n't . 
  but it 's a reason why they may not consider turkey to be a sade country to request asylum , and hence they move on to europe . 
  you do n't live in a democracy , you live in a liberal-democracy . 
  there are many areas where you lose out in one to gain in another . 
  pure , 100 % unadulterated democracy is anarchy , and not any system i 'd want to live in . 
  tyranny of the majority and what not . 
  there 's tension , but the ccp generally have very level heads and would prevent it from getting there . 
  well then find a way to withdraw that 's in accordance with the vienna convention governing treaties . 
  you do that successfully , good for you - i do n't care . 
  i 'm arguing from a legal standpoint . 
  you wan na unilaterally withdraw from international agreements ? 
  go ahead , but there will be repercussions . 
  china does n't care about australia , beyond doing business there . 
  what ? 
  no , my opinion is based off of international legal practices and norms , and how the international system works . 
  there 's a right to request asylum . 
  as to the un , it 's not a supranational organisation . 
  there 's no obligation on signing any of the conventions . 
  the ones that signed the refugee convention did so voluntarily . 
  what ?
