  huge news . 
  hard to see how ttip will pass without this . 
  fuck warren and sanders for their populism against it . 
  this article has been up for an hour , and see all the comment upvotes ? 
  obvious brigade . 
  well , while poland and ireland were n't slave colonies , they were certainly heavily exploited and oppressed . 
  not the same way obviously , and there 's truth in what you 're saying , i just think it 's less black and white . 
  their international recognition of independence was due to the treaty of versailles , not as a result of them declaring independence ( in polands case ) . 
  it 's not to refuse an extradition request , it 's that they have no power to guarantee no extradition can occur given that such a process is up to a different body . 
  i thought the whole point of the gripen was that it was sturdy as shit and excelled in cold northern conditions . 
  you can land it on frozen highways , whereas the f35 require properly maintained runways that said , criticism of the f35 has gone completely overboard . 
  all such advanced systems have largescale issues to begin with , the point of the f35 is that your not just buying the plane , you 're buying the fifty years of additional development and refinement that goes with cutting edge technology . 
  first , do n't conflate immigration with refugees . 
  second , sweden upholding its commitment to the refugee convention is n't stupid , other countries refusing to go our such commitment is morally reprehensible . 
  live in europe . 
  if that were to happen , i would be soooo happy ... 
  it 's not that i 'm for it , i 'm just not against it until the actual text of the treaty is released . 
  regardless , most of the criticism of it i 've read online about it has been outright wrong . 
  i have european citizenship and have lived in europe for some 6 years . 
  i disagree . 
  you think so ? 
  / r/europe leans pretty heavily against ttip . 
  seen that xkcd comic ? 
  ` but someone is wrong on the internet ! ', 
  i spend too much time trying to explain why people are wrong about this topic . 
  you relate everything to immigration , do n't you xenophobia ? 
  point g in particuluar, 
  hey , i provided a primary source , all we have from you in the same unsubstantiated bullshit we always hear . 
  there is no space , i think reddit just does n't like some of the characters . 
  no it 's not . 
  now if only the bangladeshi model was a real thing , unlike the anglo saxon model en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anglo-saxon_mode, 
  same in australia , my high school was only about 40 % white . 
  everyone hung out with everyone , there were no ` indian ' or ` lebanese ' groups . 
  i did n't bold it , the the person whose comment i copied here did, 
  you can see that [ even before the referendum ] ( http://www.cvce.eu/content/publication/1999/1/1/639fb9e5-ca77-4653-8870-6cfd7f0782c6/publishable_en.pdf ) , people understood that it was more than just being part of a trading community . 
  this was a brochure handed out by the conservatives , and contains substantially more than just trade , relating to influence in europe and of pooling sovereignty . 
  trade plays a large role , but the whole `` we only voted on a trading community '' thing is a myth spun by ukip and its ilk as evidenced by this brochure . 
  pretty sure it was a rather explicit reference to the anglo saxon model . 
  have you not kept up with the news ? 
  they 're running on fumes and the situation is merely stabilizing , not necessarily getting better . 
  and with finlands centre right party in talks with the finnish eurosceptics over forming a coalition . 
  the first one was for private creditors , as i recall . 
  this one would be for public ones ( governments ) . 
  and since i pay tax on a country that lent money to greece , it is my money too , yes . 
  yes , i meant amongst the european creditors , not the imf . 
  good on the imf for mounting some pressure . 
  there 's little reason not to support a multilateral partial haircut if it might lead to an end of this never ending crisis . 
  from a comment in / r/unitedkingdom  a single retired un official \u2260 `` the un ''  edit ( for clarity ) : [ alfred-maurice de zayas ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alfred-maurice_de_zayas ) , does currently have a role in the un as an ' ** independent ** expert on the promotion of a democratic and equitable international order ' . 
  how many muslims have been caught plotting or enacting terrorist acts in the west over the past decade ? 
  a few dozen . 
  that is basically a statistical anomaly to the tens of millions that live in the west . 
  as i said to the other bigot ,  we 're talking about western countries here . 
  i do n't give a shit what they do in the uae , i only care what muslims in western countries do . 
  we 're talking about western countries here . 
  i do n't give a shit what they do in the uae , i only care what muslims in western countries do . 
  my theory is that most of them dislike muslims far more than they care about free speech . 
  they do n't get antagonized over cartoons , they get antagonized over liberal-democratic societies deciding to deride a group of people numbering some 2 billion over the actions of a few dozen . 
  great , lets antagonize the moderate muslims that oppose violence , but will feel increasingly marginalized as a result of the actions of an extremely tiny minority of muslims . 
  seems to be the theme with stag parties from the british isles . 
  go somewhere cheap in ` eastern ' europe and find the pub most like one at home, 
  what the fuck does this even mean ? 
  it 's not related to the article at all . 
  bachelor party from cork , ireland . 
  why would someone remember to jump from a great height ? 
  why would someone remember to kill from a great height ? 
  given the crappy hypotheticals you put forward , i know there 'll be no honest debate from you . 
  to you , it 's enough to paint all refugees as ` child molesters ' and ` terrorists ' and talking about a white majority as if it means anything . 
  no subtlety , no nuance , just rampant xenophobia . 
  i do n't give a shit about any of the garbage you say , the only thing i care about is that we uphold our commitment to the refugee convention . 
  alternatively , we believe in things such as the refugee convention and providing asylum to people fleeing persecution . 
  yes , but in the case of greece it 's generally been under better and better terms . 
  longer maturities ( more stability in planning reform ) , smaller interest rates , etc. 
  my trap caught a racist !, 
  so is front national . 
  hey , i said verify for yourself and ` apparently ' . 
  i know , i should just hand people everything on a silver platter . 
  i can live with this . 
  social justice warrior warrior ? 
  technically would n't be murder , given its be state sanctioned . 
  a few more mods ? 
  if for no other reason than that there can be more people monitoring at various times . 
  the problem is , as someone that does this , that 's it 's frustrating in the extreme . 
  often , you 're the lone voice against some 20 different users if a thread gets bad enough , and you simply get drowned out . 
  i 'm quite certain there are a number of users that do n't even bother checking refugee , immigrations , or islam threads because they know what goes on in there . 
  it 's not a problem that can just fix itself like that . 
  alternatively , there 's also a tremendous amount of vague/generalized ` muslims are evil , immigrants suck ' ridiculousness that contributes nothing beyond creating a culture of intolerance and xenophobia . 
  for ` free speech ' , i refer you to the logical conclusion of that at / r/european . 
  holocaust denial , blatant and rampant neonazism , racism , sexism , and homophobia galore . 
  got anything substantive to offer beyond vague ` evil troika ' remarks ? 
  [ here ] ( http://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/he_hua_tempel ) . 
  that 's religious freedom for you . 
  swedes calculate their rape statistics radically differently from other countries . 
  for example , spousal rape gets a record for each instance it happens , where in other countries the years of spousal rape counts as one . 
  3 long term ( more than two years ) . 
  two short . 
  i lived in sweden for a few years , had a swedish girlfriend before that as well . 
  a real source , and not some crappy alt news blog ? 
  i finished swedish up to b2 . 
  i 'm far from the only one . 
  / r/sweden is a fair bit to the right of your average swede as well .
