  so , yes . 
  there 's certainly much to criticize about the group , but they 're not fascists , extremists , or neo-nazis . 
  the one regarding the phonecall ? 
  i 've only watched the first few minutes , but already he 's messing up facts . 
  the phone conversation between the estonian fm and catherine ashton was about how the estonian fm heard reports from people on the ground who suspected the snipers to be from the new coalition , not that they were for sure or that they had definitive proof . 
  hence , why he said they ( the new coalition ) should investigate it . 
  he even said that ` olga ' claimed it . 
  in fact , many of the ` facts ' are misrepresented . 
  indeed , ` stormcloudsgathering ' is a well known ` conspiracy ' theorist group . 
  i do n't suppose you 'd care to explain why you do n't think this is the work of ` anonymous ' ? 
  i came across a site once that dispelled many of the myths of ` straight bananas ' and so forth . 
  do n't have time to look at it now , but i 'm sure a quick google of something like ` straight banana eu myths blog ' would serve you well . 
   he even gave a speech at the labour conference . 
  sorry , i 'm just being facetious . 
  did ... did someone from * brussels * just compare the eu to a prison ? 
  i guess the difference is , one is the official strategy of a political party , whilst the other is a group of enthusiasts online ? 
  oh c'mon , really ? 
  is this level of emotional manipulation really required for what is , in essence , a group of morons destroying a monument ? 
  the world did n't end for hungary because of this . 
  and if anything , maybe they 'll show themselves to be the class act i expect them to be and not damage the holodomor monument in return . 
  which is stupid . 
  you 're capable of preventing a country of half a million people falling to an islamic theocracy on the level of the taliban , prevent hundreds of thousands of people suffering . 
  but because you have some weird ideology where military should only be for defence , you do n't ? 
  i did n't say they were , whereas / u/violetjoker seemed to imply the german conclusion was the correct one and that since australia did n't suffer complete occupation that i was n't allowed to have an opinion . 
  probably in case he deletes it . 
  i never specified iraq-style ` regime change ' , i was more referring to actions such as the french in congo and mali , and australia in the solomon islands and timor leste . 
  with those four i listed , i have absolutely zero moral qualms . 
  surprising that it 's hit a high point lately . 
  i must say , i 'm immensely curious about what caused the surge . 
  that 's not a response . 
  and so because of that , you 're arguing that germany should n't intervene in a conflict where they can make a positive difference in the world at no great economic cost to germany ? 
  to me this still all sounds like bullshit excuses for not stepping up to their responsibilities and maintaining an easy non-controversial life of isolationism . 
  is n't it ? 
  the overwhelming majority of german 's did n't live during those times , and the overwhelming majority did n't experience the hard times in the two decades following the war . 
  my point still stands . 
  there 's a time that germany will have to let the virulent anti-militarism go , and it should 've been ten years ago . 
  the * polish * fm was calling for germany to show more leadership . 
  you know shit is serious when it 's the poles doing that . 
  new account curt ? 
  what happened to the old one ? 
  i understand it , i 'm saying it 's a relic of a bygone era . 
  the international system , and society itself , are massively different to 70 years ago . 
  hell , there 's even the polish foreign minister calling for more leadership from germany !, 
  germany jumped from one extreme , to the other . 
  neither is particularly admirable . 
  i 'm well aware of where german anti-militarism comes from . 
  what i 'm talking about is germany 's chronic unwillingness to take up leadership . 
  the war was 70 years ago . 
  they should be bloody over it by now , because at the moment it 's gotten to the point where they 're being irresponsible by refusing to take up leadership , rather than following anti-militarism . 
  incidentally , i 'm a dual national eu/australian that currently lives in the eu . 
  my eu country was also ravaged by war then . 
  alternatively , look at successful interventions like ramsi or mali . 
  i 'm not saying a blanket ` help everyone , all the time , at any cost ' . 
  but the isolationism of germany is a disgrace . 
  germany is ignoring it 's international responsibilities . 
  ams 's are notoriously unreliable and would have negligible effect against carpet nuking a continent . 
  it wasnt against resolution 1244 for kosovo to be independent , there is no explicit such statement within the text anywhere providing for that . 
  serbia and russia certainly made the claim that it was in * the spirit * that they would not be independent , merely autonomous within serbia , but that was rejected by the international community as it was not contained within the resolution itself . 
  hence , there was no violation of international law . 
  as to your talk about the bombing of yugoslavia , that has little to do with my point which was 1244 . 
  there 's a lot [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/legitimacy_of_nato_bombing_of_yugoslavia ) about the legitimacy of the nato bombing . 
  i never argued one way or another for that , however , so i do n't know why you 're bringing it up . 
  your right , all rich countries that have the ability to be involved should just ignore problems throughout the world . 
  let 's let all the rwandan genocides , the srebrenicas , etc just continue because why should we get involved , eh ? 
  how about self-interest ? 
  a stable world is a world that can develop faster and hence provide demand for german goods and services . 
  a country that 's been backed up militarily by german soldiers against rebels will be more likely to push for preferential deals with the country that 's underwriting their security . 
  a just world makes terrorism , refugees , and asylum seekers less likely . 
  what international law was broken , and why would they ` denounce ' 1244 ? 
  yep , germany is isolationist as fuck the second you look beyond the eu . 
  it 's common knowledge that sweden is an implicit member of nato . 
  if that were actually the case , the russians would have no problem with osce , eu , or un observers . 
  yet they refuse even this . 
  there were no indications that anyone would even think of doing that . 
  hell , during the maidan protests there were russian flags waving as well , alongside eu and ukrainian ones . 
  the protests were n't anti-russian , they were anti-yanukovych . 
   that 's fine until you realize the presence of that military and the fact that it has the unaccountability bluff is all that may be preventing crimea from being destabilized by right-wing extremists from other parts of ukraine . 
  there has been no evidence , anywhere , prior or during the conflict , that western ukrainians were going to travel to the east and start terrorizing ethnic russians . 
   proven uranium reserves are good for 1,5 years of consumption of world energy with current technology . 
  reactors we build now use current technology and are locked in for decades . 
  switching to nuclear power for all of our energy needs would require us to build a reactor every day or two for the next 50 years . 
  ai n't going to happen . 
  where did i suggest any of this , and i 'm very sceptical of your 1.5 years claim . 
   it always makes me smile when nuclear proponents reveal their love for science fiction and then go around bashing everything other energy source because it 's `` not realistic '' . 
  i literally said ` it 's unproven ' and that that it 's what ` they claim ' . 
  you 're normally a smart guy silverionmox , but when it comes to nuclear energy you become more like an ideologue anti-nuclear zealot . 
   cowardly lies what a joke . 
  look , the point was that the situations were radically different , as i 've discussed elsewhere in this thread . 
  the difference is that with kosovo the foreign army there was a un sanctioned nato-led multinational force that was legal in all respects of international law , and which had open and transparent referendum in ' 08 . 
  in crimea , it 's thousands of soldiers without military insignia and who are , politically and legally speaking , accountable to no one as they have no legal authority to be in crimea ( in fact , their very presence is illegal ) , who are occupying the region and where the sessions of the crimean rada are not transparent in any way , shape , or form . 
  that is why the situations are so markedly different , and why i do n't support a secession vote in the crimean rada . 
  there are certainly many other ways a country could secede ( for example , i support the right of scotland , catalonia , the basque country , etc to secede if they choose to , and there has certainly been no genocide there ) . 
  but the point is that the kosovo-crimea situations are radically different and should not be compared to make the argument that crimea should be able to secede . 
  you may literally be too stupid to argue with . 
   serbia and russia understandably argue that it is implied that the final status should then be one of only autonomy ( as opposed to sovereignty ) but that is not within the letter of the resolution . 
  [ and ] ( http://opiniojuris.org/2008/02/19/international-law-and-kosovo%e2%80%99s-independence-assessing-resolution-1244/ )  moreover , 1244 may have been overtaken by events as the u.s. , the eu , and russia ( the `` troika ' ) jointly reported to the un in december 2007 that political negotiations between serbs and kosovar albanians had failed . 
  are you stupid ? 
  the point was that it was n't an either-or situation . 
  it 's not that a country * has * to have genocide happen for secession , but that those two situations were far from equivalent . 
  i mean seriously , are you stupid ?
