that 's your source ? 
  hahaha . 
  actually , norway 's system is markedly more protectionist than the eus , and i think it 's mistaken to characterize the cap as being one with ` high levels of protectionism ' . 
  the cap is n't actually that bad , it 's at around the average level of protection by oecd standards . 
  norway 's is over three times higher , with around 19 % of eu farm income coming from support compared to norway 's [ 61 % ] ( http://www.oecd-ilibrary.org/agriculture-and-food/producer-support-estimates-subsidies-2013-1_pse-table-2013-1-en ) . 
  they had to ratify it for it to go into force . 
  if they do n't ratify it , it does n't go into force and they remain in the old system . 
  no country * has * to ratify the treaty . 
  then they could have just not signed up to the maastricht treaty ... 
  at least you 've got the stones to display it !, 
  athens is the wealthiest part of one of the wealthiest european countries ? 
  and perhaps if you did your research , you 'd know about cifs ( the blanket guarantee i was talking about ) which basically guaranteed all debt for a two year period , or the elg scheme which was only put in place after cifs was . 
  to pretend the dgs was the only instrument the irish government used is disingenuous in the extreme . 
  the government fucked up it 's handling of the eurocrisis by burning it 's relationships with other countries by imposing cifs , and by sheer incompetence in general . 
  this irish blame-game where it 's everyone 's fault but there 's needs to stop . 
  just accept your government fucked up , and move on . 
  southern italy gets a lot of investment as well . 
  standard fare for for the poster . 
  australia 's main mining state , creatively called ` western australia ' , traditionally goes through boom and bust cycles . 
  whenever they 're in a slump , the eastern states ( where most of the real cities , like melbourne , canberra , and brisbane lie ) support them . 
  when they 're in a boom , however , they start getting really uppity and start talking about secession . 
  what i 'm getting at is , it 's never going to be clear because people are short sighted ca n't ca n't see more than about three years in any direction . 
  guess the irish government should n't have screwed the other eu member countries by offering a blanket guarantee then ? 
  here are no allies in the eu , only interests , and the uk shares many interests with many countries . 
  it 's just that lately , the country has gone a bit batshit insane . 
  so when you say both sides , you mean the neutral and the anti ? 
  it 's be easier if you gave us some specific claims you were uncertain about . 
  the eu is a big project . 
  he 's apparently from sydney , it 's warranted . 
  go fuck yourself . 
  i like that you use french ( i 've said as much in the past ) , but it is also a community guideline that  we request that users who post non-english articles also post a translation ( even if just a machine translation ) to help the forum engage with the post . 
  however , this is only a request , and posts will not be removed for this reason . 
  if you could have posted a translation , or a summary of the salient points in english then that would 've been great , for the sake of discussion at the very least . 
  i 'd be extremely surprised if it went through . 
  they announce all kinds of talks that never amount to anything at the sco , it 's more a regional talking shop and legitimacy diffusing organization than anything else . 
  edit : hey , do n't downvote the guy . 
  he 's right to bring it up . 
  there are n't many other countries around the world were competition is constrained to the degree the guy earlier proposed . 
  you think the quality of us goods is around the same level as that of china ? 
  second , it 's looking for areas where european and american standards are n't fundamentally different to make both acceptable , not to just allow us standards to override european ones . 
  yeah ? 
  on what do you base the idea that quality standards will hit rock bottom ? 
  the u.s. ca n't sign bilateral free trade deals with the individual member states , excepting them leaving the eu . 
  it seems to be in ` the guardian ' in the uk every week as well . 
  ` hey , one report quoted by bill clinton predicted jobs would rise and they did n't so obviously all reported about trade deals are lies ! ', 
  you should 've finished your post instead of editing it in afterwards . 
  yeah , primarily * central banks * . 
  you know , the responsible quasi-governmental organizations that like objective reporting . 
  the cepr ( extremely renowned organization ) report commissioned by the ec indicated the complete opposite . 
  apparently not being virulently anti-ttip , and correcting peoples misconceptions/representations of the negotiations , are the same as calling it a hot soapy bath . 
  seems oddly specific . 
  wow , what an article . 
  who will / r/europe hate more , the african migrants , or russia ? 
  i 've only heard people complain about this , i 've never encountered it myself . 
  these days it just means a general kind of bigotry towards ` the other ' . 
  casual conversation . 
  but that 's the issue , she would always hire someone with a surname like johansson or karlsson over something more foreign . 
  i think the issue with blackface is more the historical cultural context , that is that in the us blackface is symbolic of the discrimination against black actors , as well as the racist caricatures that were presented at the time . 
  australia , at least , does n't have a history of using blackface in theatre/cinema in a similar fashion , so there 's no reason to associate blackface with some racism element . 
  similarly , ( although i could n't comment authoritatively here ) i do n't think zwarte piet has the same kind of racist history as blackface in america does . 
  i think cultural context is important , and we should n't assume that what is considered racist in one country should instantly be translated as racist to other countries . 
  the two are pretty much synonymous in english common usage . 
  [ civic vs ethnic nationalism ] ( https://www.msu.edu/user/hillrr/161lec16.htm ) . 
   because we call black people , black . 
  call turkish people , turks . 
  dutch people , cheapskates :p . as an aussie , i 've never seen anyone take issue with this . 
  it depends on the cultural context , i think . 
  blackface is acceptable in the netherlands because they have a cultural history of it being acceptable . 
  in the us , it 's not because they have a cultural history of it being extremely racist . 
  we actually ran into this problem in australia on a tv show called ` hey hey it 's saturday ' , where a long-standing comedy skit involved blackface , and only when we had an american guest appearance ( harry connick-junior ) did it suddenly become an issue . 
  that said , i think there is considerably more background racism in europe than in australia . 
  people with foreign sounding names are consistently less likely to get jobs than the traditional natives . 
  i once heard a swedish girl in one of my masters classes ( who i 'd always seen as the typical kind of non-racist , progressive voice ) say in all seriousness that she 'd always hire a swede over a foreigner because she just knew they 'd be better and she did n't want to deal with foreigners . 
  i 've heard people say some horrifically racist shit in private that they 'd never want people to hear in public . 
  and that 's nothing compared to the kind of shit i heard whilst living in more homogeneous countries , like poland . 
  whenever i hear people talking about roma or young arabs doing something illegal there are always quite a few racist people that say something racist . 
  really ? 
  i quite like most poms that i meet , i 'd be happy for them getting more involved in europe . 
  i do n't think it 's fair to link the rescue patrols to increased numbers . 
  there 's been quite an upheaval in mena over the last few years . 
  it 's good news that more people are going to die getting to europe ? 
  this is the spanish m5s right ? 
  because m5s has been so great for italy ... 
  [ here 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ohkad7cwb3c&amp;feature=em-subs_digest ) a great video on isds , which including susan b franck , probably the preeminent scholar on isds on the planet . 
  i did n't say it was . 
  why ca n't you answer the question ? 
  that did n't answer my question , that answered my comment . 
  the two are different . 
  they 've changed tremendously . 
  export subsidies have dropped from the billions of euros just a few years ago , to zero last year . 
  some two thirds of the subsidies going towards wine ( notorious for the ` wine lakes ' of a decade ago ) are towards the grubbing up scheme and other structural reforms to make it competitive/change it to something profitable . 
  the sps was only implemented ten years ago and represented a massive change from how things were undertaken in the past . 
  milk quotas are set to be eradicated in 2015 . 
  the framework is tremendously different now to what it was a decade , or even five years ago when it was last changed for the 2013-2020 budget . 
  i really do n't know where this british myth has come about that the cap does n't get reformed , but i run into it frequently here . 
   do you think we will ever see cap reform ? 
  is this a joke ? 
  the cap is in an almost constant state of reform all the time . 
  i guess you could be meaning a reform towards a point you envision , but could you point that out ? 
  why ca n't you answer the question ?
