  and the latter was classed as attempted murder by the * police * . 
  presumably due to the head wound and the stabbing . 
  i 'm an anti-fascist as well , but i would never associate myself with a group that relies on vigilantism and intimidation , the same way i 'd expect people that disagree with immigration policy not to align themselves with far-right parties . 
  there 's the middle ground , and that 's respect for democracy , the rule of law , and common human decency . 
  no worries !, 
  i 'm happy to have people disagree with me ( or i with them ) as long as everyone is civil !, 
  there 's [ plenty ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20070730/8043 ) just [ from ] ( http://www.expressen.se/nyheter/afa-tar-pa-sig-vald-mot-nd-politiker/ ) sweden alone . 
  the second one is where they attempted to murder someone . 
  to many antifa people , even centre-right parties can be fascist . 
  there 's a huge difference between something going on in war-time when there 's no rule of law or democracy , and violent actions in a democratic and rule of law governed society . 
  yes , as i explained further down the comment chain . 
  i disagree , anti-nazi is still fine because the people in that village are literal neo-nazis . 
  i oppose antifa as well ( mostly for their vigilantism and violence ) , but i do n't think anyone here would claim i 'm a nazi or a fascist . 
  because they 're not * lobbyists * , in the sense of people employed specifically with the purpose of convincing politicians . 
  they 're generally specialists or experts in their field whether a ceo for a pesticides company ( i do n't think anyone could say they 're not an expert in their field ) , to a lawyer for an environmental ngo . 
  lobbyists are n't involved . 
  representatives from companies who have been requested to give their input are . 
  but so are ngos . 
  you do n't want ngos involved in the discussions ? 
  the only way to make good policy is to get the input from stakeholders . 
  i honestly do n't know how they can justify this list . 
  denmark ( famous for mikkeller and to ol ) and poland ( had had craft beer positively explode over the last two years ) each deserve to be added , whilst most people know that the netherlands has some fantastic beers . 
  i 'd like the negotiations to finish . 
  after that , the deal will be public for more than a year so we can actually see if we want to oppose it then based on concrete information , rather than speculation . 
  but secrecy is a necessity in negotiations . 
  legally bound as well . 
  they 're not imposed by others . 
  australia signed the international treaties that made it international law . 
  not what i said , but nice try . 
  i 'm glad i just do n't have to see 5 comment sections of full of ` dae immigrants and islam are bad ' anymore . 
  seriously , there was no discussion - just circle jerk and shouting you try and explain how the unclos requires maritime states to have search and rescue operations and you get down voted . 
  you suggest that maybe it 's a bad idea to ally with a far right party because you 're concerned about immigrants and you get downvoted whole thing was just a xenophobic circle jerk . 
  no , i think there are a lot of people outside the ideological mainstream that are against it as well - anti-globalists , strong nationalists , communists , etc. 
  anyone that is informed can not be opposed to ttip . 
  i 've spoken to literally thousands of people ( if you include discussions i 've had on reddit ) on ttip , and my statement rings absolutely true for that . 
  of course it 's anecdotal , but it 's a very large sample size as well . 
  i wrote a masters thesis on trade negotiation . 
  i 've pumped hundreds of hours into it , and probably at least a hundred into ttip . 
  the amount of opinions and statements i 've seen people make about it that are flat out wrong , completely contradicted by dg trade and the like , means that i * know * the overwhelming majority of people against do n't know what the duck they 're talking about . 
  the governments are the ones that unanimously requested it be in the negotiating mandate . 
  just because they say they 're against it publicly , does n't mean they actually are . 
  yeah , but my point was that getting visas for those places without them being in schengen , even back in 2004 , was a bit problematic . 
  anyway , there 's always the 90 days schengen , 90 days ireland + uk . 
   actually , schengen makes it more frustrating/complicated for australians to stay in europe for a long time as tourists , instead of each individual country giving us a 90 day visa , so it makes a long long back packing holiday a bit more complicated . 
  maybe if you were only to travel in western europe - if you spend most of your time in the ( in my opinion ) far more exciting east , schengen would 've been a necessity . 
  it 's a regional power with nukes , just as india and pakistan are . 
  funnily enough , i 've [ written about that case on reddit in the past ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1ztbsz/the_french_train_company_sncf_has_been_told_it/cfwsy7z ) . 
  if there 's one thing this comment chain has showed me , it 's that people in the west really have a hard time not seeing hitler and his machine as the ` ultimate evil ' to whom none other can compare . 
  they used lots of makeup . 
  while i 'd definitely love to get my hands on it , i doubt anyone would take serious jailtime and financial penalty for 100,000 euros . 
  you were implying the us would rock up there in the same manner they did with the iraqis and afghanis . 
  i just took the cue from you . 
  well , the us has n't lost an isds case yet . 
  but they have lost in the wto 's dsm . 
  unfortunately , the dsm does n't allow a country to get damages directly , rather they 're instead authorized to institute countervailing duties - basically , duties on goods from that country amounting to the best estimate of what the lost case is costing them until the us complies . 
  it 's rarely amounts to any serious sum though , and it maintains the illusion that the us is n't being harmed directly . 
  yes , i 'm sure the us is going to invade belgistan because a belgian company was awarded compensation in an arbitration , were n't paid , and a belgistani court ordered some american assets frozen ... 
  no , i 'm saying that regulators can act to the detriment ( intentionally or not ) of foreign investors , and if they change the law then the court system has to rule with that new law in mind , rather than the text of the treaty . 
  it 's really difficult to have a discussion with you , because you never point to anything concrete - you just allude to corruption or the subversion of democratic and legal systems , or what have you . 
  it 's indicative that most people have n't bothered to educate themselves on the issue , they 're just following the `` corporations are evil and can sue for lost profits ! ', 
  before i moved to europe , i did one or two courses on the eu in university but that 's about the only place that anyone actually thinks about it or discusses it . 
  most people just do n't really think about it at all in australia . 
  australians are generally annoyed by the cap , but beyond that they 're glad they can travel in schengen . 
  when it 's according to the new york convention , such matters happen * domestically * . 
  so if an investor brings a suit against the us for not paying an award , they do it in , say , the german legal system and it 's ruled by german judges - who then freeze or seize us accounts in that country . 
  it happens all the time . 
  what do you think , western countries do n't respect the rule of law when it comes to the us ? 
  let alone the `` buy america '' provision , that requires numerous government projects to be done using american products and labour . 
   niggling bring up colonialism , and the racism begins anew !, 
  there 's this little thing called the new york convention . 
  it means that if the us does n't pay up , the affected party can sue in any of the signatory states ( most of the world ) to seize us property trying to recover the losses . 
  an argentine warship was seized under this in ghana a few years back . 
   145,000 more than 140,000 of them were ` form ' responses if i recall correctly , fundamentally no different than pressing ` like ' on a facebook article . 
  and really ? 
  you 're posting that godawful wikileaks video , that belongs in / r/conspiracy more than anywhere else ? 
  yeah , the ` sane ' party . 
  they 're the party you just have to love to hate because they 're the xenophobic party . 
  this is a party that has had non-stop controversy over how crazily racist they are . 
  they have racist incident after racist incident , such as the time their justice spokesman and economy spokesman ( both mps ) were caught [ running around harassing foreign-looking people with slurs and blunt objects ] ( https://danielerikvalentin.wordpress.com/tag/sverigedemokraterna/ ) , where their [ mps get caught describing darker-skinned people as monkey ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20130426/47570 ) , where an [ mp who claimed he was beaten and robbed of his backpack by immigrants ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20121129/44726 ) had in actual fact been helped by two immigrants back into his wheelchair , and he had actually just forgotten it at the restaurant he was in ( this very same charming fellow also abused the guards at the riksdag ) and at least [ used to get , if they do n't still currently , a lot of it 's funding from out-and-out racists ] ( http://www.expressen.se/nyheter/sverigedemokraterna-far-miljoner-av-rik-rasist/ ) and that has it 's roots in the swedish neo-nazi movement . 
  many of these mps have been kicked out in recent years for ` ruining ' the party 's image , and it 's certainly trying to seem like a respectable party , but a polished turd is still a turd . 
  i explain why [ here ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3aokfu/fracking_poses_significant_risk_to_humans_and/cseosy3 ) . 
  and routinely criticized by the hrc for it . 
  it 's not ignoring it . 
  you 're free to post in the immigration thread . 
  if you and other people ca n't be bothered to do that , that 's on you . 
  the trouble is that dictators are unpredictable when pushed ( or pushed back ) . 
  no one wants things to escalate . 
  mate , the subreddit is filled with literal neonazis . 
  that 's what no moderation leads to . 
  circlejerk comment . 
  there are real , changing , implications with most of the greek crisis . 
  with immigration , the articles are just more of the same . 
  `` 2000 immigrants arrived last month '' . 
  `` 300 immigrants come by boat '' . 
  same thing , same process , all the time . 
  you 're not going to find reasonable discussion on reddit on this topic as it 's too easy to brigade and it 's a topic which naturally tends towards either the centre or one extreme . 
  people that are opposed to immigration , muslims , or refugees are naturally inclined to click on those topics and comment negatively about them . 
  those that do n't care or are happy with the status quo rarely see the need to check them , so the majority of such submissions are echo chambers . 
  i 'd be happy to have a topic discussing how to mitigate the issues with surrounding asylum and irregular migration . 
  but it 's just not going to happen .
