  that 's the case with all international treaties , obligations and organizations . 
   the eu and everyone else ignores the wto on agriculture for instance well , the agreement on agriculture still allows for a great deal of protectionist policies , there are n't really any rules being broken there . 
  the airbus boeing spat is a good deal more complicated than that , it involves a series of challenges and counter challenges that governments as the eu and the us try and shift things around so they conform to the rules without actually changing anything . 
  nevertheless , the wto , for example , forced a gift of land to eads to be changed to a sale so that eads had to pay for it following the ruling . 
  no one can ignore the wto . 
  what happens instead is that a country will knowingly enact a law which has a bit of wiggleroom for debate about whether its illegal or not , and then they ultimately get struck down and the winning party is allowed to put in place countervailing duties ( the retaliatory measure you spoke of ) . 
  this does n't happen with the cap , because the cap is n't breaking wto rules . 
  what i 'm trying to boil this down to is that the eu * does * in fact follow wto rules , they just know how to play with them , and can afford to do so , better than most . 
  the reason i said it did n't have competencies is because it does n't have punitive powers . 
  naturally , eu law supersedes national law so any legal challenge would win as soon as it reached court . 
  it 's not the eus job to prevent such law from coming into place ( witness provincial/state laws in many countries that need to struck down following a challenge ) , it 's on the national governments to ensure that their law does n't conflict with eu law . 
   i 'm getting the impression you 're merely pretending to understand what you 're talking about . 
  am i correct ? 
  decidedly incorrect . 
   the article almost hits it on the head there . 
  the eu is not a natural free trade zone . 
  it is one that says it is and realistically discriminates against the eea and even more so against people outside . 
  the wto has spent decades trying to make the eu follow free trade agreements . 
  i do n't understand how people believe the uk would simply be allowed to trade externally as a neutral nation . 
  as if treaties are anything more than pieces of paper . 
  sorry , decades ? 
  the wto has only been around for 18 years . 
  also , it 's not the wtos responsibility to compel nations to follow ftas . 
  it does try to make the eu follow wto rules , which it largely does - when the eu has lost a dispute settlement , it abides by the verdict . 
  right , but if it 's not in the purview of the eu then it ca n't do anything about it , can it ? 
  what one country does which is n't within the competencies of the eu can not be used to blame the eu . 
  well in that case i see you did n't even read the report you cited as , despite its frequent use of the word ` protectionist ' does not actually say what is protectionist about it . 
  which is what i 'd expect given that you linked to a ` social justice ' think tank , and that the policy outlined disadvantaged poor countries ( or rather , re levels the playing field between rich and poor ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure you just googled something like `` eu , protectionist , bad '' and thus came to the conclusion without reading any contradictory views . 
  as to the betting companies , as you euroskeptics are wont to do , you conflate member policy with eu policy . 
  hence why i commented on the way the * eu * has been handling this thus far , not france . 
  there is absolutely nothing indicating that the eu intends to adopt protectionist financial policies . 
  an ipo is n't there to secure funding for expansion , it 's there to to produce wealth ( in the form of liquid assets ) to the owner . 
  if a company wants to expand , it needs to either issue bonds or get a loan . 
  alternatively , if you 've already undertaken an ipo . 
  cochabamba anyone ? 
  because for a stronger union to happen , all 27 states have to agree and frankly there 's so much shit they already disagree on it would be hard to create a union just based on the few things they have in common . 
  so what the eu has been doing instead is employing ` functional spillover ' , essentially that as the eu gain competencies in one area , it necessitates taking over another area to ensure the current competencies are properly functional . 
  of course , this kind of backfired when it came to the euro because all of a sudden some countries decided they would n't accept more spillover , or already had exceptions in place thanks to previous treaties where they could retain whatever island of sovereignty was being taken over next that led to the spillover effect stalling , and leaving the ` not fully functional due to needing competencies in other areas ' floundering . 
  a simplistic take , but broadly accurate . 
  country is fucked , yo . 
  that 's right !, 
  criminals and cannibals !, 
  my bulgarian neighbour told me !, 
  i think current representative democracy is n't really democratic , nor representative . 
  i think with modern technology we should be able to come up with a much better voting system ( perhaps allocating our votes to representatives based on social/economic/political issues , rather than all of them to one person ), 
  the point is that it 's not really ` european ' news , and it 's also something known as ` agenda setting ' . 
  read [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/agenda-setting_theory ) for more info . 
  crazy person does crazy thing is n't news , it 's olds . 
  damn , mate . 
  i saw this thread yesterday when there were two replies and knew already then that there was no point trying . 
  good on you for still having the strength to fight the good fight . 
  well goddamn , another heavily upvoted anti-muslim ( read anti-non-white ) thread that 's not even really european news , except that some fucktards are trying to hijack the european debate to make it about * important * shit like how much muslims suck ... or was it * gypsies * this time ? 
  the arguments always look the same . 
  i used to watch the shit outta that show back during the first season when it came out in australia like 15 years ago . 
  from what i recall , there was something along the lines of a 30 % wage cut for public service workers plus a pay freeze . 
  i was speaking with a group of estonians 6 months ago about this , so i 'm a little hazy on the details now . 
  happen to have a youtube clip for me ? 
  to tell you the truth , i know little of latvia and their response to the gfc . 
  turn your eyes to lithuania and estonia , however , and you see a herculean effort to bring down government spending that 's left them on a solid even footing now . 
  farage . 
  he 's just such a comic idiot it 's hard not to like him . 
  both usa and the eu want it , but only to the point that it benefits * them * . 
  there 's just too much goddamn overlap , and they 're the two largest and most powerful trading blocs in the history of the world . 
  it 's simply not going to happen for at least the next 40 years . 
  estonia !, 
  have been there three times , including for jaanipaev and new years eve . 
  drove through the country , visited on ferry ... 
  fantastic place , everyone i met and stayed with was really warm and friendly , tallinn was beautiful , and the language is music to my ears !, 
  my contention was that radaway said europe did it for moral reasons , and not necessarily that it worked , whereas the baltics show that it was done for many reasons and it 's silly to make such simplistic remarks . 
  i 'm certainly not suggesting cookie-cutter measures work everywhere . 
  tell that to the baltics . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're arguing against here ? 
  the eu negotiations trade agreements as a whole with other countries ( for example the eu-south korea fta that came into force in 2011 ) . 
  tariff rates are set collectively by the eu because of the common market , and regardless follows wto rules . 
  most food that is consumed in the eu is also produced in the eu . 
  that 's one of the main points of the cap ( i 've expanded on this [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/145bi4/norway_to_raise_import_tolls_on_dairy_and_meat/c7a6bkj ) ) . 
  are you just coming into every topic to say the same thing now ? 
  i was under the impression that the business school in tallinn was of a quite high level . 
  there was no sheer number of attacks , if its counted as indians as a percentage of the population . 
  australia is one of the safest countries in the world to live in and as i said , crime figures showed indians were less likely to be victimised than the average australian . 
  this is exactly the kind of distraction elites want which is why it 's perfect . 
  knowing indian media . 
  be prepared for weeks of indian newspapers with headlines like ` german nazis beating up indians ' . 
  a while back some indian students were attacked in australia and robbed . 
  ever since then indian media has portrayed australians as violent , racist , peso files , et cetera - despite in the pedophilia case and a number of the assault cases it being other indian people that committed the crimes and indians being on average safer than the average australian from assault/robbery . 
  note , i 'm not criticising indians , just the shitty indian media . 
  fully living here for almost two years , but spent significant amount of time in the cities beforehand regardless thanks to having a swedish ex . 
  do n't get me wrong , i love sweden else i would n't be living here . 
  but there is a lot of implicit discrimination against those not from nordic countries , whereas my experience living in eastern europe has found people to be a lot more friendly , open , and willing to involve you into their society despite not speaking the language . 
  unless you 're not white . 
  related to me by both austrian friends and people that have lived/worked/studied there . 
  i was left with the same impression , that its more so in austria than other places . 
  no problem friend , on a topic such as this it 's impossible not to speak in generalities . 
  i 'd avoid sweden for work . 
  often it 's not the best man for the job , but the best swede for the job . 
  further , they 're quite an insular bunch and unless you 're fluent in swedish you 'll have a difficult time having a social life with anything other than foreigners . 
  disclosure : have lived here for more than a year . 
  have swedish friends ( learning swedish the whole time ) and they concur . 
  quite difficult to integrate yourself into and live in if you 're not austrian , unfortunately .
