  much of that ( markedly high , within the eu ) is actually foreign debt . 
  where do you think the money to repay this debt will come from in the , at very very very best impossible to happen scenario of just a decade in the economic graveyard , will come from ? 
  it 's simply not an option at the moment for portugal , the aftershocks would destroy every facet of the portuguese economy . 
  continuing from your other post [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1t6dxs/what_do_you_think_portugal_should_do_to_end_its/ce4yiyk ) , investors are certainly very pragmatic people , of course . 
  but i 'm not speaking merely of the memory of the default , i 'm talking about the effects that it would have on the economy , and that would pose significant risks for anyone thinking about lending to them . 
  he knew what it could be construed as , yes . 
  i 'm saying that majority of people in this subreddit would probably disagree . 
  and i never claimed that i was ignorant . 
  but hey , look , someone says the government might have a place in society !, 
  better go argue with them , eh ? 
  i do n't think the portuguese have any moral ground to stand on . 
  if you were unwilling , or unable , to within your democratic framework to keep finances in control then you as a democratic society are to blame . 
  do you think it would be moral to steal other peoples money just because your politicians , the people you elected , fucked up ? 
  at what point is it ethical to make someone who has worked 40 years lose their pension just because of that ? 
  that said , i think there should be some additional assistance and relief for them . 
  but they can not make this a moral argument at the moment , as they will lose . 
  it has to be an argument based on best pragmatic outcomes . 
  it draws some parallels with subsidiarity in the eu as well , does it not ? 
  hence people should be able to make the clear connection . 
  only you , who spends far too much time in your american-dominated libertarian circlejerks could possibly be so confused . 
  news-flash : most of the non-anglophone world , and even many in the anglophone world , do n't follow american history closely enough to make the distinction you did . 
  i do know that , hence why i said ` most of the money used in purchasing portuguese debt is of the little people ' , and not ` little people purchasing portuguese debt ' . 
  i certainly would n't . 
  we have issues of states rights in australia as well . 
  you presume far too much . 
  frankly , i do n't think portugal is anywhere near a situation where a default is a realistic scenario . 
   it really is very different . 
  theft is a criminal offence where as non-payment of a debt is a civil offence . 
  punishments and sanctions are totally different for these cases . 
  hence why i used phrases such as ` tantamount to ' and ` essentially stealing other peoples money ' . 
  based off that , it should be clear that i 'm not actually equating the two , but rather drawing ( non-legal ) parallels between them . 
   history is littered with sovereign debts that have been partly motivated by political considerations . 
  nothing has changed . 
  yes , but the history in the globalized world is very different . 
  with portugese assets now all over the world , as opposed to largely just in their own countries , which makes it very easy to sieze them , put liens on them , and so forth . 
  it 's simply unrealistic to compare scenarios of poor countries or from before the mid 1950s , to globalized economies . 
   investors should know that there is a risk of default from sovereigns even in scenarios where there are other options . 
  if they do n't know this , they are ignoring history . 
  nobody forced them to invest in portugal . 
  they made an investment and took a risk of non-payment . 
  then portugal can suffer the consequences , and will get no sympathy from creditors or the governments that will help them act . 
  i have to disagree on the three ds option . 
  it would only prolong portugals misery , unless you 're going to advocate they default on all private debt as well ( as the debt held by private portugese citizens will be denominated in euros ) , and even then that would have just as dire repercussions . 
  following the default , crediters will have assets siezed , loans will be impossible to come by , and thanks to violating eu treaties it would in effect be kicked out of the eu . 
  a stream of portugese expats will be forced to return from eu countries increasing unemployment , business investment will tumble , and the country will become another african failed state . 
  they 'll have no sympathy from the eu countries , who will now be facing new problems as a result of the renewed perception of instability in the eurozone , let alone politically within the eu , and that 's not even mentioning the money lost on defaults . 
  in sum , the three d 's is a terrible option . 
  the threat of default , however , may be an interesting option for them to pursue in gaining some traction to pursue a quantitative easing program . 
  once again , you give meaningless drivel . 
  ` banksters ' , ` speculators ' ... most of the money used in purchasing portugese debt is of the little people , not on behalf of multibillionaires . 
  default is something that should only be done when it is clear there are no other options . 
  yes , interest rates are based on perceived risk , but that risk is based on the aforementioned scenario ( no other options ) , and not on ` things are difficult now , so we 'll default ' . 
  national governments are well aware of what the repercussions of a default , and to advocate a default before reaching that tipping point ( which is done wholly at the expense of the creditors ) is tantamount to theft . 
  ` we borrowed money from pension funds , now we 're not going to pay you back ' . 
  it 's amazing how many people are so eager for default , it 's essentially stealing other peoples money . 
  if you believe that , then the problem is not with the negotiations or with the trade deal but with the way you think the democratic system works , in which case you should push for reform . 
  the people that decide that are those we elected to represent us . 
  fact is , [ if you introduce public scrutiny ] ( http://www.jstor.org/discover/10.2307/2706785?uid=3738840&amp;uid=2&amp;uid=4&amp;sid=21103234191443 ) then no international agreement is going to go through , despite them providing a net benefit to all parties . 
  it 's not a tool against democracy , unless you think all agreements between two countries are tools against democracy . 
  the provisions for it happening are within the wto , which both ukraine and australia are part of . 
  there is nothing fundamentally wrong with a company which has interests in both countries using the system put in place and agreed to by both parties to try and achieve an outcome . 
  it has nothing to do with corruption . 
  would i prefer they were n't able to do that ? 
  i do n't know . 
  it would have many other ramifications that i simply do not know enough about to come up with an educated opinion , and i 'd hazard you and everyone else is in this thread the same boat . 
  but it 's the system that exists , and they operated within the system . 
  i ca n't start bringing up claims of corruption or what-have-you just because of that . 
  is it ? 
  why ? 
  no , the tobacco companies asked the ukrainian government to bring up the plain packaging law in the wto , despite no tobacco from ukraine entering australian markets . 
  ftas ( hell most international agreements ) are pretty much always conducted under the veil of secrecy so as to achieve a workable outcome . 
  for them to be up for public deliberation before an agreement has been achieved is extremely rare , rather than the rule . 
  as for the links you provided , i 'm pretty sure those issues are absolutely interlinked with issues of trade . 
  you may not have to like them , but they * are * trade issues . 
  is n't it ? 
  what non-trade aspects are involved ? 
  you realise that pretty much nowhere in international relations do two entities have the same leveraging power , right ? 
  [ close enough ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1t5y6z/how_different_european_countries_are_called_in/ ), 
  hard to come to a trade agreement when you do n't have trade talks , as / u/djeee is suggesting . 
  the amount of these posts is getting stupid . 
  you do n't like liberalized trade ? 
  fun fact , alb was actually named as such after [ australian politician , anthony albanese ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anthony_albanese ) . 
  the etymology of fyrom is unknown however , but it 's believed to be an aboriginal word from an area in western australia , thanks to a liaison between a person from fyrom and an aboriginal woman in 1993 . 
  i posted this as a protest . 
  as it stands , five such posts from different languages have been submitted in the last 24 hours ( not including mine ) . 
  what ? 
  my point was that the eu deal represents * stability * , that is there are not going to be radical shifts in policy that fuck ukraine in the future . 
  the deal is done , and they abide by the deal . 
  you know what you get with the eu deal . 
  with russia , there is great uncertainty about how they will handle the deal after it 's signed . 
   should tell you that there are lots of jobs in russia . 
  lol . 
  structural issues relating to the formation of new parties , voter manipulation and intimidation , press freedom , etc. 
  by western standards , it 's far from a democracy . 
  krakow , in poland , is fantastic . 
  a cheap as shit city , over four hundred bars within a one kilometre distance from the city centre , many restaurants , a university city ( is absolutely jam packed full of 20-25 students ) . 
  oh yeah , i do n't deny that many russians are homophobic . 
  but first i 'd disagree that russia is a democracy , and second i 'd say it has a vested interest in doing so thanks to demographic problems . 
  anyway , i think he person was trying to make the argument that / r/europe is infested with criticism of * russians * as opposed to the russian state !, 
  which is simply not true ( or at least , that was my reading of it given the history of such arguments popping up ) .
