  australia and new zealand had wide-spread wiping out of the natives , and is more akin to the us as an example , than any of the others . 
  i 'm sorry , but your post simply demonstrates a very poor understanding of modern asia and africa . 
  subsaharan africa is n't some civilization black hole . 
  such as ? 
  which ones ? 
  none of the ones that experienced european colonialism are emerging as very stable countries . 
  damn , got ta love capitalism . 
  can even turn a refugee crisis into an opportunity . 
  i 'm going to need something more substantial than your hunch that it 's going to destroy their own countries , and for that reason they should no longer follow their legal and international obligations . 
  i do n't see the issue with people living at the local level voting in local election . 
  nor do i see there being a problem with them applying for citizenship after 4 years . 
  these are options available to them , the point is that asylum seekers are granted permanent residency visas , and not necessarily citizenship immediately . 
  as to the children of immigrants - i 'm sorry , but i do n't see that the case . 
  the children are forced to go to swedish schools and live in swedish culture . 
  they go through normal rebellious stages , as children do everywhere . 
  i personally know a number of swedes that were the children of middle eastern immigrants , and they 're more swedish than sven . 
  it 's a common exaggeration by the xenophobes of scandinavia . 
  that 's really not the case , it 's more that those that do speak about immigration tend to be honest-to-god bigots . 
  it 's telling when even their justice and economy spokespeople ( both mps ) are caught running around stockholm with blunt objects abusing immigrants . 
  i 've read that article before , it 's full of garbage . 
  most of it was harmonization of national regimes , not imposing new regulations . 
  my point was that they were neither undemocratic , nor a bureaucratic black hole . 
  let alone a bureaucratic black hole ... 
  you 're so generous . 
  it 's the christian broadcast network , a fucked up christian evangelical station from the us . 
  i do n't think they 're going for objectivity . 
  i did n't say you could n't speak it , so do n't claim that i did . 
  i was proposing creating an entirely new subreddit to keep that stuff off of this one , given the kind of discussion it promotes . 
  as to the video , i only watched the first minute before i remembered who he was . 
  i do n't waste my time listening to sources that i know are disingenuous or misrepresent facts . 
  some sources are shitty , some are n't . 
  this one is shitty , so i 'm not going to waste my time with it . 
  if you come to me with a respected name , i might think otherwise , but i know that this guys says highly controversial things in the interest of gaining views . 
  lord knows i hope so . 
  he 's the only politicians of note with the experience , prestige , and credentials to really have the job at the moment . 
  it does n't hurt that he 's devilishly intelligent . 
  and on a personal level , i think he 's right about the us alliance . 
  after all , what was it chirac said ? 
  ` they missed a good opportunity to keep quiet ' ? 
  that was the prime example of ` new europe ' following us policy lead at the expense of european . 
  sikorski is clearly hoping to throw poland 's lot deeply within the european camp , and it 'll be hard for the polish government to follow us foreign policy when it 's a pole as ` eu fm ' . 
  yeah , well this article was also linked to white rights , and this place has always been a racist cesspit . 
  they 'd downvote me just because i was n't hard enough on immigration . 
  they have permanent residency , not citizenship . 
  yeah ? 
  my argument that countries have a legal and moral obligation to help those fleeing war is a ` ridiculous ' one ? 
  it 's not censorship . 
  people would be free to create a different subreddit about it . 
  heard of dual citizenship ? 
  at least five , not counting the upvoters . 
  and as to the video , i 've seen that guys videos in the past . 
  he 's an absolute moron , who thinks we should n't do anything about climate change . 
  no one would stop people like you from creating a / r/europeanimmigration subreddit , so i do n't see what the issue is . 
  how 'd you determine that ? 
  just based on the flag next to my name ? 
  she was talking about it on irc a few months ago . 
  that was n't the question i was answering . 
  you should read first . 
  when you 've seen more than five people advocate just shooting refugees to stop them coming to europe , you 're no longer in civilised territory . 
  immigration issues bring out some of the nastiest people on reddit . 
  it 's not just you . 
  i 'd be happy if they just banned reporting immigration/refugee issues in / r/europe , then this place could at least pretend to be civilized . 
  that is a complete and utter exaggeration , and oh so typical of you . 
  but given you delete your posts all the time to cover up all the lies and untruths you spout ( even going so far as to delete an entire account ! ), 
  whereas i do n't , people can easily look through my post history to see who the trustworthy one here is . 
  and i do n't hate you . 
  you 're flagrant disregard for the rule of law ( as evidenced in the vigilante attack on the roma child ) combined with many of your populist and far right leaning beliefs means i think you 're dangerous to society , but i do n't hate you . 
  i have nothing but respect for the work the british militarily generally does , so i do n't know why you 'd say that . 
  i do n't have a set number , that 's for wiser heads than mine to decide . 
  thank god i 'm not in government so i do n't have to , which is why i just stick to the legal arguments . 
  i said , the last one million wells drilled . 
  i do n't know when the last one was , but this is what i read in a very reputable journal . 
  no i 'm most assuredly not an open borders advocate , and i 've explained this to you many times before . 
  but you , / u/llanita , are not to be trusted given you were dishonourably discharged from the royal navy . 
  what did you do , get too rough with some asylum seekers ? 
  this has always been a ridiculous argument , and it remains so now . 
  nah , i always go for the underdog . 
  they need the support , and i 'm happy to give it to them . 
  also gives you a bigger emotional high when they win . 
  sweden announced that they will give all syrians who get to sweden permanent residency , why the hell would n't they try for there as opposed to less certain countries ? 
  helping people fleeing horrific situations like war , how dare they do that ? 
  because the 2013 incident was n't one where * aquifers were poisoned * , which is the major worry environmentalist groups have with fracking . 
  seriously , if you 're not even going to bother reading what i wrote then we 're done here . 
  i have no time to deal with your strawmen . 
  again , you 're posting ancient judgements that bear no relevance to what i said . 
  you did n't disprove my point in the slightest . 
  i said of the last million ones erected , not out of all of them erected ever . 
  yeah , that site is n't objective in the slightest . 
  well , yeah - it is . 
  of the last million fracked wells in the us , none have poisoned aquifers . 
  of all the fracked wells in queensland , australia ( our main fracking state ) there has not been a single accident that was was specific to the process of fracking ( just stuff that you get from regular drilling as well , like casing fractures or gas leakages ) . 
  with proper regulation , fracking is safe . 
  damn , they look good ... 
  it 's a mistake to look at this thread when you 're hungry , but i just keep getting drawn back to it . 
  oh come now , that 's known outside of the uk . 
  that 's ... not how it works . 
  no , it 's pretty standard for / r/europe . 
  you try too hard . 
  yes , but your views on the topic of national cooperation and globalization are outside the mainstream . 
  collective punishment , eh ?
