  companies can sue for bullshit reasons , but they lose * and then they have to pay the costs * . 
  just like in regular courts . 
  aussie , living in non-native english speaking countries in europe for 7 of the last 8 years . 
  my english has dumbed waaaay the fuck down due to having learned how to communicate most effectively with non-natives . 
  well isds does n't allow for that anyway . 
  wait , you think organizations like companies should n't be able to sue the state ? 
  in a way that investors do n't want , and which breaches the terms of the agreement . 
  because the overwhelming majority of it is tariff tables ( we will lower tariffs on this good at this rate across this period , cover that over literally hundreds of products ) . 
  the real meat of it is in the first 150 pages or so . 
  there was no complete absence of transparency , and you 're going to have to be specific about the ` shady shit ' . 
  could 've just read through a dozen other agreements that have faced similar criticisms , and seen what 's come out about them . 
  maybe if the anti-trade anti-globalists would stop crying wolf at every occasion , real criticism might actually come to the fore . 
  lobbyists are basically demons from hell , right ? 
  yep . 
  politicians are n't meant to be specialists on * every * topic they come across - that 's a completely unrealistic expectation . 
  that 's why they have policy advisors and the like whose job it is to tell them what the effects of a piece of legislation are instead . 
  not really . 
  if you read the tariff tables , you 'll see they 're pretty innocuous . 
  not sure how that 's relevant . 
  they do n't really need to . 
  the overwhelming majority of it is extremely technical minor details , the real meat of it is in the first 150 pages or so, 
   the imposition of the death penalty for poles aiding jews was unique to poland among all german occupied countries , and was a result of the conspicuous and spontaneous nature of such an aid . 
  again , not downplaying their achievements , but surely you can see the situation is a bit different compared to in poland where the nazis were brutal as buggery and where there were literally millions more jews with no nearby safe country to hide them . 
  forgive me if i 'm mistaken , but you seem to be downplaying zegota because other countries did n't have to have an organization to help jews . 
  i do n't think that 's fair . 
  only in poland were you * and your family * killed for her hiding jews . 
  there were dangers and problems almost unique to poland with respect to helping jews , and * in spite of this * the polish underground army still dedicated significant manpower and resources to helping tens of thousands of jews . 
  that deserves recognition , as do the unique circumstances poland found itself in . 
  i 'm not downplaying their efforts . 
  the point is that poland was the only country to have an underground organization exclusively devoted to that purpose . 
  your two dads suck . 
  ` essentially ' all the poles =\\ = all the poles . 
  i did n't say only poland helped jews . 
  i said they were the only country with a dedicated underground organization towards doing so . 
  i also never said poland was on the side of the angels and that they did nothing wrong - your whole post is just one big giant straw man . 
  what ? 
  do n't believe that existed solely to help jews , though of course they did good work . 
  it was a bit more complicated than that . 
  the issue was that essentially all the poles were portrayed as anti semitic , when only in poland was there an underground organization devoted solely to helping jews ( zegota ) , and when only in poland was the punishment for hiding jews so extreme . 
  the media generally do n't go deep into most laws that go before parliament . 
  can you even name any of the last 10 ? 
  it 's the peoples jobs to inform themselves , not to be spoonfed everything . 
  do n't have time to teach someone economics when they 're clearly so unwilling to learn, 
  ftas have been established to be good . 
  liberalized trade has been established to be good . 
  this is an fta that liberalizes trade . 
  you state it shows that standards will worsen . 
  please show how . 
  even that criticism is ridiculous . 
  you 're opposed to the status quo , that means the onus is on you to state that the standards are worse , not on me to prove that the standards are the same on better, 
  are you familiar worth the word ` analogy ' ? 
  the agreement is public . 
  please point o the specific clauses . 
  in effect , yes . 
  no one ` needs ' trade agreements , in the same way that people do n't ` need ' pay raises . 
  i understood what you wrote . 
  there was just so much incorrect that it 's pointless to try and address your faulty understanding of comparative advantage , or your persistence in stating that standards are going to drop ( even though i said that 's not happening ) , let alone any of a number of other straw men . 
  still the first words of the anthem . 
  kind of heartwarming if you think about it . 
  yeah , funny how no one hitches about that but people go crazy over ttip . 
  it 's what 's known as a ` mixed-competence ' agreement - meaning parts of the agreement are under the competence of the eu as assigned to them by the tfeu , but others are still nation state competencies . 
  this means it requires ratification by each member state + europarl + canada to go fully into effect . 
  ca n't think of anyone i 'd support more . 
  i 'm traveling at the moment , it 's not easy nor convenient to link to sources . 
  how they 're straw men should be pretty self evident - i explained to you that liberalized trade is not the same hint as lowering environmental or health standards , and you just link to an analysis from a group that 's opposed to explain why it 's bad - even though that group does n't know dixk to save us both some time , take a read through my subreddit / r/tradeissues, 
  domestic health reform has a more direct impact than ceta , i do n't see people proposing referenda there . 
  this guy again ? 
  he 's not a ` un expert ' , he did some work for them ages ago and now puts all his work into opposing isds . 
  to add to what you 're saying , it 's not just if the turks make the effort but that the locals make an effort as well . 
  it really does take both sides . 
  you 've just created endless straw men here . 
  by what measure do you say ceta is n't about trade ? 
  the agreement has been public for more than two years . 
  it 's widely accepted that traditional barriers ( tariffs , subsidies , quotas ) are at negligible levels , which is why so called ` new-fta 's look at non tariff barriers such as investment , dual certification , and the like . 
  secondly , no one conflates ` liberalized trade ' with removing things like child labour laws , slavery , etc. 
  that 's just a huge straw man, 
  do you want sources that water is wet ? 
  the research on liberalized trade is pretty clear . 
  nothing like pointing to one of a minority of dissenters to back up your argument , ignoring the overwhelming majority in favor . 
  also worth pointing out that ipe * isnt * economics . 
  the benefits of liberalized trade benefiting the economy have been proven time and time again . 
  there 's a similar consensus on that amongst economists , as anthropogenic climate change with climatologists . 
  stiglitz is well known for his anti-globalist views , and is most certainly not specialized in trade . 
  listening to him on trade agreements is like listening to an acupuncturist on cancer . 
  i still do n't understand why you 're bringing up optimal currency areas and the euro , it 's completely irrelevant to ftas . 
  i also do n't know why you appear to be referring to me as a ` federalist ' . 
  i googled the author . 
  yeah , that includes basically any product more complex than a can opener . 
  if you want to live in a hippie commune , please go into the woods and start it there instead of bothering the rest of us . 
  wow , a blogpost . 
  great source , everyone knows blogs are basically better than academic journals . 
  i think the issue that the public generally have with trade deals is that , in common discourse , business interests are generally considered to be diametrically opposed to the interests of the public . 
  this is obviously patently false - we love the convenience , service , and choice , that businesses can provide us and in actual fact where the interests of the two do n't align is in a vanishingly small subset of areas . 
  but because these agreements are made to make ` life ' easier for business , the public is often opposed for the reason above not realizing that they are the ultimate beneficiaries via increased choice , cheaper goods , and greater convenience . 
  so a bunch of people are uncertain if an agreement they have n't even read is a good thing ? 
  is this a surprise ? 
  isds * curbs * crony capitalism because it means that political parties in government ca n't as easily support their backers . 
  you do n't like this curbing ? 
  the current state of isds is rather explicitly that it 's not a private court , not that this is even what conventional isds is . 
  did you not see the news last week about polands corrupt choice of helicopters , with airbus losing to americans despite the airbus offer being superior , just because the american company had a factory in poland ?
