  regardless , export terminals are opening up rapidly around the world ( export capacity has basically doubled each year over the last few years ) . 
  russia is developing it 's natgas fields slower than it 's exploiting them at the moment anyway . 
  the overwhelming majority of gas development is having in central asia ( in fact , there were two gargantuan gas finds there in the last decade ) , if we can democratize them , thus anchoring them to the west , we can build pipelines that bypass them . 
  alas , that 's not going to happen . 
  sino-russia influence there is just too strong . 
  ththeir production is waaaay down on what it used to be . 
  romania still has a bit , but you have to understand that everything from those countries is already being used . 
  it 's just not enough . 
  we 're getting a bit out of my depth here , but yes . 
  they also got some from bulgaria , quite a lot from romania , and yugoslavia , not to mention some small production in reich controlled territory . 
  during ww2 they also got it from russia . 
  as to the mid east , the pipelines just do n't exist . 
  the nabucco pipeline has been in the planning stages for years , but has lost favour to the trans adriatic pipeline which still has n't even been started . 
   but they do n't accept it . 
  the pro-eu bias on this subreddit is outstanding . 
  eu = / = euro edit : just because you quote people who have stated their opinions , does n't make those opinions fact . 
  you also have the power balance all wrong , the eu is n't trying to control the member states . 
  the member state control the eu . 
  it 's far from guaranteed . 
  countries do n't just join nato on the us ' say so , and some countries in nato may be a bit too worried to let a member that 's currently in a conflict with russia in . 
  as to belarus , have n't heard any titters from there . 
  norway and russia supply about 35-40 % of germany 's gas each . 
  it 's about where pipelines can come from , and the south ( france , italy , spain ) already get their from northern africa , the north ( scandinavia , uk ) from the north sea , and the east and centre have to balance the other sources and get the rest from russia . 
  mate , i 've received threats from people that support sverigedemokraterna here in the past . 
  fuck everyone that votes for that crypto-fascist party . 
  because the competences of responding to the crisis in any meaningful way are n't held by the eu , but with the individual member states , who are a famously divided lot on matters of foreign policy . 
  the east lived under the soviet jackboot for decades , and understands the political necessities of banding together to stand up to russia . 
  they 're playing the long game here . 
  the west acts only in short term economic interests . 
  the uk wants to protect finance in london , the french have a contract to build two warships for russia , the germans do n't want to change the relationship they set with russia almost a decade ago under merkel and lose their stable gas prices . 
  in addition , none of them want to risk losing access to russian energy resources . 
  the intervention in libya , for example , only happened because of the disruption of libyan energy supplies to europe . 
  during the libyan civil war , energy resources stopped flowing as various groups vied for control , prompting the west to intervene . 
  so they support ukraine in a political , do n't really do anything , kind of way , and they detest putin ( at one meeting a number of years back , putin brought two humongous dogs to it because he knew that merkel was absolutely terrified of them ) , but they want to keep the nascent economic recovery going . 
  they wanted to be reelected , after all . 
  i doubt they will make any moves that jeapordize their position , unless the us takes a very firm stance . 
  and even then , it 's not a certainty . 
  personally , i agree that the us should take a stand . 
  the eastern european leaders such as in the baltics and poland simply are n't powerful enough to make any sort of problem for russia , despite desperately trying to rally the rest of the eu . 
  hell , even the tiny czech republic has done more than the west has , by saying it 's going to cancel deals for the russians to build two nuclear reactors in the country , while france continues to sell russia weapons . 
  the west is having a catastrophic failure of leadership , and are horrendously damaging the eu 's image , and it 's cohesion as it created a schism between western and eastern countries , much as there already exists one between southern and northern ones . 
   ah , you and i mixed refugees with asylum seekers . 
  those are very different matters . 
  vast majority of refugees are not fleeing because of political oppression . 
  ehm , you 're very mistaken here . 
  a refugee is someone who has received the protection from another state after having been persecuted in the other country . 
  the hint comes from the name , * refuge * - e. they 're what happens after an asylum seeker application has been accepted and they 've been deemed to be a refugee . 
  an asylum seeker is someone who has reached a safe country and has applied for refugee status , and that application is being processed but has not yet been granted , hence they 're asylum seekers . 
  first , this is n't / r/askhistorians or any other subreddit that requires sources , but on [ this wiki ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/invasion_of_poland ) it says  the german-french border saw only a few minor skirmishes , although the majority of german forces , including 85 % of their armoured forces , were engaged in poland . 
  and [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_expeditionary_force_ ( world_war_ii ) ) it says about the bef  the british expeditionary force was started in 1938 in readiness for a perceived threat of war after germany annexed austria in march 1938 and the claims on the sudetenland , which led to the invasion of czechoslovakia in march 1939 . 
  if you want real sources , go look for them , i do n't have time to run around playing ` find the source ' for someone that 's probably going to discount what i said anyway . 
  but that should be satisfying enough , just look at the footnotes . 
  they ca n't , because it 's very very illegal for them to send yuan out of the country . 
  only certain institutions/countries are allowed to use them . 
  it 's not like every bank in the world has yuan in their bank vaults . 
  until ' 09 , it used to be that chinese companies were n't allowed to have usd , and no other country in the world could have yuan . 
  and since there was n't any yuan in other countries , what used to happen was when international transactions took place , it would all go through china 's central bank where the bank would take the usd , and give the chinese company yuan , or take yuan , and give the foreign company usd . 
  it was a ww2 joke ... 
  actually , they can by having currency controls . 
  they got rid of those controls with a few countries recently though , including russia ,, 
  you know that once german tanks hit poland border , russian tanks wo n't be far behind going in from the other side !, 
  finally someone that gets it . 
  as i said , that 's the perspective many poles have . 
  but regardless , the bef was being readied in 1938 , whilst the french were mostly on the maginot line with an easy walk into germany . 
  poland was occupied in a month , not three weeks , and a quick thrust ( which the french and british should have had plans in place for already ) is how support would 've been provided . 
  regardless , as i said , most air and ground assets were in the east of germany , so even strategic bombing runs would have been an option from the beginning . 
   i note that you edited said mistake without mentioning it as well . 
  did you notice the time stamp , how the edit was * before * you posted ? 
  yeah , good on ya . 
  anyway , the rest of what you wrote is a bunch of drivel , melbourne is more multicultural than stockholm or malmo or anywhere else in sweden for that matter is , and you 're still nothing but a stupid racist sverigedemokraterna loving shit that 's stuck in the 19th century . 
  i 'm done with you . 
  ehm , i have residency in sweden you stupid shit . 
  how would i never be affected ? 
  i have a personnummer , an identitetskort and everything . 
  as to the ` shitty information ' , i was putting it in terms perhaps even an intellectual nothing like yourself could understand . 
  it 's funny how you assume that because i 'm australian , i share the australian governments stance on immigration . 
  what 's that called when you generalize a whole nationality based on shitty information again ? 
  was it ... was it racism ? 
  funny seeing that come from you , a sverigedemokraterna supporter !, 
  what a coincidence !, 
  under un law , if someone reaches eu borders and claims asylum , the state has to process the claim and keep them safe until that claim is processed . 
  it 's not a matter of the eu just saying ` well you made it , you can stay ' , it 's that it 's part of the eu 's international obligations as signatory to various un treaties . 
  the statement ` sverigedemokraterna bullshit ' does n't necessarily mean it comes from them , but i did n't feel the need to add - like at the end of it because i knew everyone would know what i meant - that it 's the kind of crap you would hear from sverigedemokraterna . 
  only apologists for that racist party would get upset . 
  as to australia : not to the same extent as sweden , and certainly not as much as previous governments would have , which is a shame . 
  ah , our resident sverigedemokraterna apologist and racist has crawled back out of the woodwork once more . 
  get linked here from that cesspit flashback , did you ? 
   one could say the same for the west now . 
  in fact , rather than having no issue , taking action against russia in certain ways ( the city/energy/warships ) would actively harm the western nations . 
  that is , frankly , not the case , and with respect to the second sentence that 's exactly the short term thinking i 've accused the west of having . 
  the west are the drivers of upholding international law and norms , and the international system has been stable for so long in part because of that . 
  the only actor who your statement might be partly true for is the uk , given there 's a chance it will not even be in the eu shortly , and hence would have no strong interest in keeping eu cohesion and international respectability alive . 
  but as to the others , they certainly have an interest with respect to keeping the eu a respectable geopolitical force , and international laws and norms being upheld , let alone not creating an east/west schism as there has already been a north/south one . 
   on the horn of africa , surely all eu member states have a problem . 
  its harming european trade , be it british french , polish or latvian . 
  there may have been other reasons that alliance turned out the way it did , but i do n't know them . 
  eastern countries have * considerably * less intercontinental cargo trade than western countries do . 
  it 's of economic interest to the west , not the east . 
  nah , this guy is a moron through and through . 
  libertarian , thinks women should n't have the right to vote , that they 're stupid and uncreative , that muslims are all rapists , etc.
