  it 's waiting for the old guard to die off while also hoping that enough new people mentor and take under their wing women to achieve higher positions ( because mentoring/grooming is a huge part of who gets top positions . 
  without quotas , some kind of parity wo n't happen for at least 60 years . 
  that 's not really fair to the women of today , is it ? 
  to be fair , estonia is pretty much at the forefront of e-government . 
  also the country and the place is really cool , i had a fantastic time there and made heaps of new friends :d, 
  it 's a bit of a counter factual , but i 'm of the opinion that if the uk had joined in the euro they would have been a much needed strong economic rational voice in ensuring the euro crisis did n't happen , whether through fiscal policy , or through the demands that deficit rules be followed . 
  you stated unequivocally that a new tax would worsen unemployment , so the burden of proof in this case is on you . 
  sorry mate , but there 's a vast difference between the two . 
  it passed one of the five , and two of the five were conditional . 
  does that clarify for you ? 
  currency pegs and currency unions are worlds apart . 
  disregard may last message , down vote all you want . 
  guys , do n't downvote him . 
  he 's completely ignorant and needs to be educated . 
  actually , it passed one and two were conditional . 
  regardless , the uk put in that it neverhad to join the euro , even if those criteria had been met . 
  other countries , like sweden and poland , have an obligation to join the euro at some point . 
  that 's what i 'm talking about with the uk not buying into the idea of europe . 
  you said that the new tax would lead to more unemployment , you have n't yet stated how . 
  when the uk put in stipulations that it need n't join the euro , there was very little indication the project would fail . 
  unless you 're saying uk politicians are wiser than their 25 eu members . 
  i think it 's more an indication of a longstanding unwillingness to commit to the ` idea ' of the uk being part of europe . 
  this is down voted ? 
  it 's a completely reasonable statement !, 
  it 's why i went with ` european ' , to avoid confusion . 
  care to explain how this would lead to worse unemployment ? 
  or do you just spout unqualified opinions as if they were fact ? 
  a passing clue . 
  it 's a shallow and simplistic view with only a basic knowledge of the facts that 's designed more to elicit an emotional response than to actually examine what 's going on . 
  essentially , he does it because he gets a kick out of getting a few thousand youtube views and comments saying he 's so smart . 
  there 's really nothing interesting to hear in what he says that you would n't hear from your average 18 year old fresh political uni student . 
  jesus christ , what a fucking moron . 
  who wants to listen to an idiot ranting about a subject he does n't more than a passing clue on ? 
  it 's not possible now . 
  that 's kind of the point of the eu offering the possibility of membership , that they 'll reform to be more in line with ` european values ', 
  it 's not going to stop . 
  regardless of whether these people are trolling or actually believe what theyre doing , they will continue regardless . 
  one of the main offenders , 7499 , was banned a few weeks ago . 
  he returned as 7500 and kept on going . 
  this is , ultimately , no different to what those muslims were doing . 
  they live in an ideological bubble that infringes on what other people can and ca n't do , and you try and impose your own ideology on other people ( consciously or subconsciously ) through your personal ` belief ' as well . 
  most of them were n't students that went there , they were just local ( and from stockholm ) muslims . 
  there 's a difference between the eu , and the group of nations that make up the eu . 
  back then , there was little/no apparatus for joint military coordination which meant that there were no mechanisms in place for the eu to act as a unitary state and militarily intervene , and further more that was n't even under the eus purview in the first place . 
  it 's like asking the wto to invade guatemala for nationalizing some mines . 
  instead , they did what europe has always been best at - negotiation and arbitration , and this led to the brijuni agreement as i said . 
  as i also said , what happened in yugoslavia was one of the catalysts for a call for further military integration and cooperation . 
  so again , if you do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about , kindly shut the fuck up . 
  ehm , the brijuni accords was a serious ( and at the time , highly regarded ) attempt by the eu to prevent any violence going on over there . 
  the ec invested a lot of time , effort , and prestige into trying to stop what was happening in former yugoslavia , however it ultimately was n't able to properly get boots on the ground thanks to political , institutional and logistical difficulties , something the us has far less problem with and which is also one of the catalysts for greater integration and cooperation between the eu member states militaries . 
  you should at least know what you 're talking about before you open your fucking mouth . 
  regardless , the eu has a substantial role now in stopping conflict between kosovo and serbia by dangling the possibility of eu member status to serbia . 
  how is that a point about kosovo ? 
  yugoslavia was n't a member of the ec , and it did try very hard to bring about peace before things degenerated ( brijuni accords , etc ) . 
  regardless , the us could never win the nobel peace prize because it does n't match any of the three criteria for winning it - promoting fraternity between nations ( check for the eu ) , work in the abolition of standing armies ( ha , like that would happen in the us without some kind of depression ) , or promoting peace congresses ( european nations do this far more often than the us does ) . 
  you 're the only ones ? 
  funny , i know more about the eu and the dynamics of europe than most europeans i meet . 
   the peace prize is supposed to go to someone activily working towards dismantling of armies , not towards someone trying to build up an eu military force ( even if the eu is just going to use it in for peace blablabla ) , or just `` avoiding '' war . 
  ** it has been awarded annually ( with some exceptions ) to those who have `` done the most or the best work for fraternity between nations , for the abolition or reduction of standing armies and for the holding and promotion of peace congresses . 
  '' ** the eu has definitely done two out of the three . 
  secondly , eu military budgets have been dropping for the last few years - although that 's admittedly partly to do thanks to budgetary constraints , but also by promoting cross-eu military systems like the typhoon , the eu ultimately needs less materiel . 
  `` the eu has an image problem '' . 
  eu created advertisements trying to fix this . 
  `` eu should stop spending our tax money on this stuff ! '', 
  well , i know animal rights came from the nazis . 
  i have to assume you 're a troll or something if you 're seeing national socialism as a good thing, 
  my problem with the original quote is the ` in europe ' , not ` in western europe ' . 
  it 's not much better in eastern europe or the balkans dude . 
  edit : as an edit , i 've been living in europe ( sweden ) for the last few years . 
  i 've been surprised by how many people have told me `` i 've only met one jew in my life , they were pretty normal '' as opposed to in australia where they are n't thought of as any special category . 
  citation needed . 
  you only have to look at the serial killer in malmo that was targeting immigrants , or breivik to realise you 're a fucking moron . 
  you realise there are people from your own country with which you would have an ` incompatible culture ' ? 
  with you , i guess it would be leftists and multiculturalists . 
  wow , i do n't often say this , but you are really fucking stupid . 
  bastard down at the local pub that always gets rowdy . 
  oh sweetie , you 're so cute . 
  bloody poms . 
  [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2005_cronulla_riots ) is the only incident of any note in the last 20 years . 
  i 'm not , however , going to say ` well you guys had this happen in europe ' because that 's not going to help anything . 
  look at 7500s other account , 7499 . 
  you 'll see just how racist the guy actually gets . 
  furthermore , the guy is an admitted troll . 
  this is where civil cultures ( as opposed to ethnic cultures ) win out . 
  countries like australia , canada , new zealand , usa , etc. . . 
  the view is that you 're a native of one of these if you have citizenship and have the same values . 
  in ethnic cultures , it does n't matter how well you speak , how much you disagree with what other people of your ethnicity feel ... as long as your parents going back 2 generations were born there and have the same skin colour as everyone else there , you 're a native . 
  it 's one of the reasons i 'm for a federal europe . 
  have people be a citizen through shared values and ideals , not skin colour/ethnicity . 
  heh , i 'd noticed a trend of the guy derailing topics to make it about the evils of multiculturalism . 
  it was annoying , so i sent off a quick message . 
  well that 's just plain factually incorrect . 
  i messaged the mods about getting them banned , they got back to me . 
  not so . 
  he/she frequently posted topics that , whilst downvoted , had a lot of highly upvoted racist comments within . 
  the user was only banned because i specifically messaged the mods about their actions . 
  regardless , they post frequently which is why the op is saying that racism is more prevalent in the subreddit . 
  as an aussie , it always astounds me how europeans can say australia is a racist country with a straight face . 
  i 've been in europe for almost four years now , and if half the shit i heard was said back in australia you 'd be rightfully labelled a racist . 
  [ this guy ] ( http://www.reddit.com/user/7499 ) used to be the main culprit .
