  none of the rest though . 
   what is your opinion on the immigration megathread ? 
  what do you think went wrong ( if anything ) ? 
  it was absolutely necessary , barring a better idea that you guys are working on behind the scenes . 
  immigration topics dominate / r/europe to the detriment of other topics , the conversations within them are all the same , and they 're really just targets for an echochamber of bigots and xenophobes . 
  as to what went wrong , i think that there probably were n't enough moderators actively moderating it , and i think that there was a flaw in the design from the start ( namely that it linked to removed posts ) . 
  instead , the megathread should 've been put in contest mode , and the rules should 've been that top level posts much have a link and discussion should focus on that link . 
  topics submitted to the subreddit about immigration should be removed with a message saying `` please post a link in the megathread '' , rather than hotlinked in the megathread . 
   what 's one weakness you have ? 
  half the subreddit hates me . 
  i 'll be a controversial choice that could potentially make the moderator teams job harder . 
  i imagine i 'll definitely be a new d'clauzel , but i can handle it . 
  i ca n't wait for the / r/european thread about this . 
   would you rather fight one horse sized duck or one hundred duck sized horses ? 
   what single word connects all of these three of the following words : europe , pussy cat , teacher ? 
  explain why nicolas sarkozy . 
  the reasons should be obvious . 
  i think you 're getting a bit confused between fission and fusion . 
  first , there are n't meant to be the same kind of catastrophic consequences as there are in fission reactors due to the type of reactions involved . 
  secondly , there will always be a need for baseload power . 
  renewables are extremely unlikely to going to provide that without probably at least fifty years of research into battery power . 
  third , i 'm not sure about this comment regarding cars - electric cars can be charged by both solar and nuclear power , no ? 
  i 'm not well versed enough on the technology to comment on number four , but i 'm pretty sure the reactions are completely different than what goes into nuclear technology . 
  on your last point , the waste in fusion reactors is meant to be miniscule compared to nuclear . 
  there 's a lot more to iter than just fusion power . 
  think of it like the lhc , they have some 20 years of various scientific tests from all kind of fields lined up , as well as valuable experience for engineering and construction firms in making the most advanced piece of technology on the planet . 
  then you 're not familiar with how awful the australian two party system is . 
  as i understand it , they want to channel the money into solar and wind power all over europe instead . 
  i 'm a member of the australian green party , however they 're mildly toxic there as well . 
  i 'm only supporting them because australia needs a strong third party , and at the moment there are simply no alternatives . 
  i was also a member of the previous third party ( the democrats ) , but they sadly died off . 
  their motto was `` to keep the bastards honest '' . 
  if the greens had their way , iter would 've been defunded years ago . 
  it 's been an official policy of theirs for years ( though i 'm not sure if it still is ) . 
  in my defence , i am a social democrat , a ( paying ) member of the australian greens party , and believe in things like universal healthcare and access to tertiary education for everyone . 
  i 'm not some neoliberal right winger . 
  statistics are n't racist , but their interpretations and their collation can be . 
  i , for one , would n't trust a wikipedia page that can be selectively edited by people with an agenda . 
  edit : lots of people downvoting , not many people arguing against it . 
  no , like most people he has nuance to his views - meaning that those that are refugees are refugees , and those that are economic migrants are economic migrants . 
  reddit is a brogressive circlejerk , not necessarily a left-wing one . 
  i 'm against circlejerks in general . 
  it was n't an ad hominem . 
  i never said immigration does n't cause problems , i said we should respect the refugee convention . 
  you want to have a zero immigration policy , that 's fine - as long as you do it in accordance with the refugee convention . 
  no , i implied you were crazy for thinking that comments with the best arguments get upvotes . 
  good job deflecting though . 
  if you think ` arguments with merit ' are the ones that get upvoted here , you 're bonkers . 
  feel free . 
  but i doubt your proof is going to be some kind of authoritative sources . 
  that 's a load of bullshit . 
  maybe you had that conversation with someone else , but i do n't think receiving welfare is in any way correlated with rape . 
  i do n't think sweden is accepting too many refugees . 
  how many is too many ? 
  no , i just sorted your comments by controversial . 
  i do n't think it has been ` proven ' that the ukrainian government is neonazi , i also think it 's wrong to invade countries and take their territory . 
  in addition , i never ever ever said we should pay migrants not to rape people . 
  it seems you 've learned little . 
  you 're still willing to lie to people , you want to invade other countries , and you think accepting refugees will destroy a country . 
  it was n't fake . 
  especially those in the east who , ahem ahem , made up most of the refugees displaced during ww2 . 
  yep , the megathread actually made this place enjoyable once more , with a huge amount of different discussion on different topics . 
  they should just have a daily megathread , people can post their links there and leave it at that . 
  people were complaining because there was n't enough discussion in the megathreads - no shit , there 's only so many times you can say `` hurr durr , first safe country '' or `` dey dont integrate !!! '', 
  or `` no more muslims '' before you get bored of it . 
  radical ? 
  you proposed that [ poland and russia split ukraine down the middle ] ( https://www.reddit.com/user/dukenpl?sort=controversial ) . 
  an [ example ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2eig4u/sweden_to_get_100000_refugees_in_2014/cjzvtma?context=3 ) of one of your comments where you think sweden is doomed . . 
  beyond that , you also flat out lied about me , such as [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2f1xed/mohammed_is_now_the_most_common_name_for_men_in/ck5crkq?context=3 ) . 
  but if you 're considerably less so , then i could possibly see myself welcoming you back . 
  i remember you from a year ago . 
  you didnt want to talk seriously about immigration , you were flat out racist . 
  no , i 'd just be happy with a subreddit that actually discussed european issues , instead of just immigration to europe . 
  exactly . 
  this shit needs to be clamped down on , before everyone who 's not a right-wing nutjob leaves . 
  i 'm pretty close to giving up on this sub reddit all together . 
  it 's been so fast too . 
  it often comes in waves , but this one has exploded in recent days . 
  moderate do n't even go into such threads anymore . 
  the issue is n't that other things are n't submitted , as e can see by / r/new , but that people with am overly healthy interest in immigration vote to bring such topics to the top . 
  yep , huge amounts of it go into agriculture and industry , residential water is a pittance in comparison . 
  a couple of taps is n't going to help in the sweltering heat . 
  most elderly people do n't hydrate properly anywhere when it comes to heat waves . 
  there 's being sensitive to history , but there 's also taking care of the public . 
  so what ? 
  let people suffer in the heat wave ? 
  those governments can barely manage the services they do run , let alone a massive migration effort . 
  great , then they can seize all the european capital and investment in their countries in retaliation !, 
  i 'm sure that 's worth considerably more than whatever we seize from them . 
  do n't let yourself be bothered by the racists around here . 
  they 're sadly many , but you learn to get a thick skin . 
  you 're doing good work . 
  kazakhstan is closer culturally to russia than to syria ... have you ever even been to any of these places you speak about ? 
  hate messages ? 
  why ? 
  this is just for those that have been deemed not refugees , not refugees themselves . 
  there are many other problems involved here ( for example , they 'll likely create a criminal underclass ) , but let 's not confuse the issue . 
  got a realistic solution ? 
  i have n't read anywhere near enough about the incident to authoritatively comment , but i imagine if they had state secrets or some such on there , they 're not going to just say ` well , we know you have it elsewhere , you may as well keep them ' . 
  if it 's against the law , it 's against the law .
