  if they 'd have known this would be possible , they might 've invested their money somewhere else . 
  it may have been a lawful decision by a sovereign entity , but that does n't mean they 're not due compensation . 
   being responsible for these kind of decisions must result in immediate dismissal and legal investigation . 
  you are talking about the decision made by the german government on nuclear power , right ? 
  alas , the specific details of on what grounds they 're suing them for have n't been made public yet , but the case is arb/12/12 for future reference . 
  but the event that triggered the proceedings is the arbitrary shutdown of a number of nuclear power plants in germany owned and operated by the swedish company vattenfall , and of the accelerated shut down of others . 
  most likely they 're suing for expropriation without compensation , as well as a host of other clauses of the energy charter treaty that germany persumably violated in their shut down . 
   i do n't think this is true at all . 
  french conservatives , for example , are highly protectionist . 
  german conservatives are highly europhile . 
  hungarian conservatives are highly anti-democratic . 
  regardless , you 'll still have people that share your political viewpoints in their country , just as you have people that do n't share your political viewpoints in your own country . 
   the principle of subsidiarity has been meaningless in practice , however . 
  when has any power been moved from the eu level back to nation states ? 
  subsidiarity is not about power moving between different levels , it 's about determining where that power is best exercised . 
  the eu can not unilaterally decide to give certain powers back to the nation states without undergoing treaty change , and this is something that requires the unanimous assent of all members . 
  it is a product of the treaties . 
   a british federation is what we need . 
   why do we `` need '' it ? 
  what 's wrong with a loose association of sovereign cities ? 
  i love yorkshire , and london , for instance , but i do n't want to be governed by their voters . 
  i 'm not mocking the ` need ' part , mind you , it 's a fair question . 
  rather , you 're always going to be governed by other voters and if you 're a british conservative you likely have more in common with a german or dutch conservative than you do with a british progressive . 
  i think it 's silly to act as if their political spectrum is completely alien to your own . 
  to answer the need part with my own perspective , i 'd say that there are some things that large states are better at doing , and some things that small states are better at doing . 
  defence policy , energy policy , and foreign policy , for example . 
  a federal eu would still have the principal of subsidiarity , so if a given policy is best determined by local government , as opposed to federal , that 's where it would be undertaken . 
  it 's easy to pick out the xenophobes and bigots , they have common refrains bout race realism , cultural marxism , and mentioning sweden in a negative context . 
  except the report by huffpo is wrong as well . 
  she did n't say she opposed it because it was islamophobic , as the huffpo claims , but rather because criticism of the is was used as justification for islamophobia . 
  got ta say , it 's a very impressive effort nonetheless . 
  the issue was that criticism of is is used as justification for war and broader islamophobia in the community , according to the leader of the opposition to the proposal . 
  as always , stories like this are never anywhere near as black and white as they seem . 
  from the original source that this telegraph blog got it from , the daily mail  but the call was defeated after a rebellion led by black students officer malia bouattia , who said the motion was merely a ` justification for war ' . 
  in an interview with her via the dm , she criticizes things like western imperialism and military intervention , and says that criticism of the is is used as justification for broader islamophobia in the community . 
  from the original source that this telegraph blog got it from , the daily mail  but the call was defeated after a rebellion led by black students officer malia bouattia , who said the motion was merely a ` justification for war ' . 
  in an interview with her via the dm , she criticizes things like western imperialism and military intervention , and says that criticism of the is is used as justification for broader islamophobia in the community . 
  that 's pretty much the case with most articles submitted here on a topic related to muslims or immigrants . 
  he took their food when he made something . 
  assuming they can trust that they tell the truth . 
  jesus , this should n't be so hard to understand . 
  how does a guy like that get elected ? 
  yeah , no shit , that does n't mean they throw caution to the wind . 
  three ex-dutch commandos suddenly decide to fight for the kurds ? 
  the first thing they 'll think is ` who 's paying them to be here , and what is their mission . 
  should we even trust them with anything sensitive ? ' . 
  that 's what you ca n't grasp . 
  that 's the only part you decided to latch onto ? 
  yeah ? 
  you think that if some guy from brazil showed up in the us and said ` hey , i want to help you guys fight in iraq ' , they 'd just let them in ? 
  states vet who they allow to fight for them and under what circumstances , and do n't typically just allow any old foreigner to join up with them . 
  the kurds have - for all intents and purposes - set themselves up a rudimentary state there , so i fail to see why they 'd let some people that none of them know start fighting for them all of a sudden . 
  for all they know , it could be some turkish paid mercenary sent to report back on the state of kurdish military readiness . 
  besides which , why would you let someone fight for you who was part of a bikie gang and who actively sought out a military conflict ? 
  that stinks of mentally unstable , or something more clandestina - both of which the kurds would be worried about . 
  yes . 
  what 's your point ? 
  i 'm not opposed to these guys going there and fighting isis with the kurds . 
  i just do n't think it 's as easy as that for them . 
  a bunch of non-kurds going to fight for the kurdish forces is strange . 
  a bunch of non-muslims going to fight for isis is strange . 
  eh , a group of foreigners who used to be in an elite military unit showing up saying they want to fight on your side . 
  i 'd be suspicious . 
  do them kurds even want them there , though ? 
   because you did n't grow up having to be constantly afraid of getting robbed or beaten by blacks on the street  because you did n't grow up having to be constantly afraid of getting robbed or beaten by jews on the street  because you did n't grow up having to be constantly afraid of getting robbed or beaten by arabs on the street that 's racist . 
   because you did n't grow up having to be constantly afraid of getting robbed or beaten by criminals on the street that 's not racist . 
  why ca n't they be both ? 
  i just feel bad for skane - the love child of denmark and sweden that neither of them acknowledge , nor want . 
  not just , there are a large number of multinationals here as well . 
  the women do n't want to move because of the men . 
  the men want to move because of the women , but are soon disappointed , and hence leave . 
  i would love to move to estonia , but the migration restrictions seem so harsh ( something like only 1000 allowed into tallinn/year ) , and they do n't have any work for non-estonian speakers in my field . 
  from germany . 
  sent tony abbott back to england , so he can destroy them instead of us . 
  the guy wishes that australia was ` little england ' already , and suffers from an inferiority complex from when he was bullied for being a colonial whilst studying at an elite english school , so why not send him back ? 
  there 's a large group of people in / r/europe that downvote anything that does n't assume refugees and immigration are the worst things to happen to europe . 
  a criminal is one who is convicted of a crime . 
  if they have not been convicted , they are not criminals . 
  edit : downvotes ? 
  really ? 
  look up the [ definition here ] ( http://www.thefreedictionary.com/criminal ) . 
  i would n't mind either , but the status quo has been continuing for quite a while now and i 'd just like some new shenanigans to look at . 
  i think these ones have gone stale . 
  ca n't it ? 
  what are you going to force them to print next ? 
  how many pages of forced printing will their be ? 
  what percentage of the newspaper is forced printing , and what percentage is unforced ? 
  what kind of quality threshold does there have to be for the forced printing ? 
  can a monkey just do it , or do they need a proper staff ? 
  who will pay for the extra printing ? 
  there 's a reason people do n't fuck with freedom of the press . 
  you want to violate freedom of the press ? 
  great , i love seeing people taking democracy into their own hands , instead of just whining about politicians !, 
  i wish you luck !, 
  my gut feeling is that it 's time for greece to just take a haircut and be done with this whole shenanigans , it 's dragged on long enough . 
  you should know not to engage with the guy by now . 
  run for office yourself . 
  this is good for bitcoin ? 
  can only hope . 
   unless poland signs a paper saying `` if you do n't sell to russia , you * will * get our business '' , this is all hot air as i understand it , they would n't be able to do this anyway thanks to laws governing procurement and competition .
