  there would no longer be a german state , a spanish state , etc. 
  it 'd be a unitary state . 
  disolve the nation-state as a political entity and concentrate everything on the provincial and top level , so i do n't see how it would be a federation . 
  neither , a post-national republic . 
  what do you propose they should do instead exactly ? 
  i 'm not criticising your viewpoint , i 'm just curious about what kind of effective plan could be implemented . 
  older people are used to high birth rates , low birth rates scare them . 
  the world population since 1950 has almost tripled . 
  portugal and greece had a say , they just had a shitty hand to play because of their own internal problems . 
  latvia does n't have those . 
  joining the eurozone means they get a say in how the currency functions , rather than pretty much de facto operating under the euro . 
  and i do n't see how you think having their own monetary policy would make the , better able to handle the 90 % + loans denominated in euros . 
  it 's not like they can devalue their currency as that will just make those loans more expensive to the natives . 
  the overwhelming majority of their loans are denominated in euros . 
  no , they consult the industry leaders because the industry leaders are far more knowledgeable about the subject than the average joe , and how it would effect all facets of society . 
  sometimes they also consult citizens assemblies . 
  regardless , the point is that all international negotiation is done ** in secret ** and so you should n't be bitching about this as if it 's not the norm . 
  the stupidest thing is how much people are downvotung me for a fact . 
  ridiculous , downvoting me isnt going to change how the world works, 
  i think youre looking for / r/conspiracy, 
  urgh , i 'm done arguing with you . 
  either you 're purposefully misunderstanding what i 'm saying , you 're not reading it properly , or you 're an idiot , and in each case there 's no point in me continuing this until you wrap your head around the fact that there is a great deal more to ` good policy ' ( which you claim free trade is ) than looking at merely one discipline . 
  and to call ` food security ' leftist is amusing in the extreme . 
  bro , do u even university ? 
  blind assertions about trade policy ? 
  like what , that countries need to go carefully about how they liberalise trade for fear of unforeseen consequences , when you 're the one acting like a cowboy ` yeehaaaw , free trade ' moron ? 
  what i have is a nuanced view based on a masters thesis on the wto and agricultural trade liberalisation , specifically between the eu-us and the associated research which gave me theoretical basis to state that ` free trade ' on its own ignores the problems that come about from many other fields , such as food security , homogenisation of social policies , and cultural imperialism . 
  so you can continue looking at it from a hard economics point of view and say its universally good , while i look at it from my view based on a multidisciplinary approach that actually understands the knock on effects in areas other than economics . 
  you do n't seem particularly well versed on the subject . 
  a gradual diminishing of trade barriers across the world ( including those to free movement as global wealth inequality lessens ) would certainly be to everyone 's benefit . 
  secondly , the poll you 're referring to does n't state over what kind of time frame or under what conditions that should occur , only that its a good end goal . 
  thirdly , i gave a framework for bilateral trade liberalisation ( carefully considered ) , meaning it has to be proven to be to the benefit of bth nations for it to be put on the table , and so to call it a generic and meaningless catch phrase is intellectually dishonest , particularly since just shouting ` free trade ! ', 
  is even more so . 
  you think the vast majority of economists think that every nation in the world should immediately slash all their tariffs to 0 % ? 
  wrong , unrestricted free trade is bad , carefully considered bilateral trade liberalization is good . 
  it 's far more grey than the climate change debate . 
  unrestricted neoliberal policies have also done terrible damage in the past ( one need n't look further than cochabamba water privatization , though there are a number of other abuses ) . 
  the problem with ideologies is that they 're simplistic ways of looking at the world that often ignore reality because the world is complex . 
  neoliberal policies , like trade liberalization , can certainly bring benefits , but it needs careful examination by the governments of both sides of the negotiating table to ensure that there is n't undue damage caused . 
  unfortunately , the way such negotiations take place often include serious politicking at home to limit the options of both countries , and distributive negotiation tactics in the actual negotiations . 
  what particular problem do you have with the wto ? 
  many allegations of election fraud though . 
  txampion ? 
  alright , well then maybe some figures will convince you . 
  [ the table linked ] ( http://www.oecd-ilibrary.org/agriculture-and-food/producer-support-estimates-subsidies_20755104-table1 ) is the producer subsidy estimate ( pse ) , ie : essentially how much of an agricultural producers income comes from subsidies . 
  as you can see over the years 2004-2012 , the pse for the eu has dropped 15 percentage points , or is only at around 55-60 % of what it once was eight years ago . 
  secondly , it 's currently less than the oecd average . 
  satisfied ? 
  my masters thesis was on the cap . 
  trust me , it 's nowhere near the overbearing protectionist beast it was 10 years ago . 
  most of it is eminently reasonable and sound policy these days , though there is still some tweaking here or there . 
  you guys have fundamentalist christians , europe has elements of a ` green ' movement that more often than not causes harm rather than good because too many scientific concepts are misunderstood and ` scary ' . 
  you want me to explain something on reddit that takes up volumes ? 
  sorry , you edited in the past that made it clearly a joke after i saw it . 
  otherwise , it was difficult to catch over the internets . 
  it takes a gross oversimplification of how international relations work to come to that conclusion , and it discounts a myriad of domestic factors as well . 
  australia , yes . 
  russia is n't going to directly intervene . 
  they 're too weak politically , economically and militarily, 
  the war in syria has been going on for ages . 
  as its prolonged , radicalisation of groups becomes increasingly likely . 
  they should 've given limited weapons to the right groups at the start , when much of the fighting was tribal and secular , rather than jihadist , but giving them weapons now is better than giving them weapons later as radicalisation increases . 
  ok , i see you just have an axe to grind against the catholic church and do n't care about other people 's opinions . 
  good day to you . 
  the church runs the majority of social work in countries where they have a large presence ( and in many where they do n't ) . 
  who says they do it for duty ? 
  there are millions of reasons someone could go into a line of work , whether they like the benefits , or they 've wanted to be in that line of work since they were kids , or what-have-you . 
  we should n't glorify a profession , we should glorify individual choice to act outside the scope of expected behaviour for the betterment of society . 
  that 's what heroism is , not applying for a job for any of a million different arbitrary reasons . 
  eh , i do n't see how that makes him a ` hero ' . 
  he chose that job , he knew the risks and rewards of doing it , just as anyone that chooses a job does . 
  if he were to be a hero , he 'd have to do something out of the ordinary for that line of work . 
  regardless , hero worship is stupid . 
  sorry , no . 
  i think its reasonable not to hear what child molesters say about the legal age of consent , just as i think it 's reasonable not o hear what racists/xenophobia/cultural supremacists have o say about those topics . 
  i do n't think it 's that great an idea . 
  it 's too easy for a group of people to game the survey in favour of a ` do n't censor anything ' approach . 
  there have already been a number of dedicated groups , subreddit a and chans ( there has been evidence in the past of various subreddits , of stormfront and of a finnish chan board invadding / r/europe ) that have attempted to sway opinion towards the more racist , these guys have far too much time and far too invested in the debate that they 'd be wiling to do that . 
  it 's one thing to hold an opinion , it 's another thing to loudly proclaim it and engender sympathy for it to thousands of people , especially those opinions that europe has a dark history with such as racist or homophobic ones . 
  i do n't see how a sentence like ` muslims are all fucking barbarian animals ' is fundamentally less harmful to society than libel or false advertising , both forms of censorship . 
  less blatantly biased ? 
  he was complaining about the original submission being censored by the mods . 
  i explained that it was n't the submission they wanted to censor , but the comments and hence the deletion . 
  i was correcting his misunderstanding of why the submission was deleted . 
  unfortunately , reddit does n't have the possibility of having a submission and locking the comments , so they deleted it instead instead of spending so much of their free time deleting racist/xenophobic comment after comment . 
  all of what i 've written in this post was either explicitly stated , or implied , in my replies to emk2203 . 
  i expected better from you . 
  / r/europe has a loooooong history of being brigaded by racist subreddits like / r/niggers and the like . 
  you have n't been here very long if you do n't understand the deep and troubling past of / r/europe brushes with racism ( and its significant number of racist users in general ) edit : incidentally , it 's amusing how much i 'm being downvoted for explaining * why * the submission was censored , not justifying it . 
  but this place is a racist cesspit anyway , so it 's unsurprising . 
  they should totally add / r/europe to the / r/niggers sidebar . 
  that post was censored , not because of the content of the submission , but because of the content of the comments about the submission . 
  ah , our resident racist is back . 
  using skype to call a mobile is what he/she means , i think . 
  just goes to support my point that once you become too much of a celebrity you lose complete touch with reality . 
  exactly . 
  the head of state and the government cabinet in the uk are n't chosen by the people - why not the complaint about the lack of democracy there ? 
  ultimately , both systems are actually quite similar . 
  i believe you mean more like a w , eh ? 
  i was under the impression that geography was a requirement , as per the decision handed down to morocco when they asked to apply .
