  scandinavia ... not so much . 
  around 35 % of melbourne 's residents were n't born in australia . 
  in sydney , 40 % were n't born in australia . 
  and at least in the case of london and amsterdam , australia does n't have the same kind of freedom of movement for work and travel agreements that those two cities enjoy as part of the eu , so i think you 're being rather disingenuous . 
  those two cities alone account for close to half of australia 's population . 
  it 's more accurate to say that the labor party lost , than the liberal party won . 
  you 're missing an awful lot of nuance , both with the election , and with the ` boat people ' issue . 
  against aborigines , yeah , i can agree with that . 
  but against non-whites , i think people have to understand that australians have a different culture when talking about race . 
  i knew one girl that would refer to asians as ` chinks ' , and then went and started dating a guy of chinese heritage . 
  she did n't see the problem there . 
  similarly , we call people immigrants from the mediterranean ` wogs ' in australia , but it 's a term of endearment , not a derogatory one as it 's used in the uk . 
  similarly , calling someone a jap in the us is a racist term , but i do n't think most australians would see it as more than a contraction . 
  cultural context matters . 
  of course , once you get into bogan territory then this all changes . 
  but the point is that there are n't the same kind of implicit societal impediments for non-whites that you experience across europe . 
  you 're not going to be held back for promotion , or not get hired , just because you 're not white or you were n't born in australia . 
  the same simply can not be said for the majority of europe . 
   but to be honest i see australia as more racist than the above well then at least this i have to very strenuously contest . 
  regardless of your skin colour , almost all doors are open to you . 
  except for those of low socio-economic backgrounds , no one is going to get care what your skin colour or heritage is . 
  you could become senior partner of any company no problems . 
  hell , the lord mayor of melbourne ( an elected position ) came from hong kong and has a tenuous grasp on english . 
  our finance minister was a lesbian born in malaysia . 
  having spent almost the last 5 years in europe in various countries , i have to maintain that australia is without a doubt one of the three least racist countries in the world , perhaps tied with canada and new zealand . 
  it depends . 
  if you 're white , you should be able to at least manage anywhere . 
  if you 're not white , then i 'd say everywhere except france , germany , the uk , and ireland . 
  edit : my apologies to those from the netherlands and belgium , you 're part of the exceptions as well !, 
  the two times i was on there , they checked everyone on the carriage , and i definitely look white and middle class . 
  they have officials between sweden and denmark pretty often , and at other checkpoints in other countries sometimes too . 
  igelkotten , my dear and lovely friend , we agree on something !, 
  my university professor was a roma . 
  you 're mistaken , that 's someone else sorry . 
  i 'm business and an ir masters . 
  i 'll be monitoring this for any overused jokes ... 
   only what you let slip out into the media which was enough to make you seem obsessed with it . 
  i note you avoided the question of the aboriginals and your offshore camps as well . 
  the offshore camps that were shut down years ago , and of which there was a huge public outcry against domestically ? 
  what about the aboriginals ? 
  what do you propose australia or the government does ? 
  not to mention that print media is 70 % controlled by the murdoch press ( famous for the news of the world phone hacking scandal ) , who had a clear agenda of getting a right wing government in with such subtle front pages as [ this one ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/bq0xplicmaeshrv.jpg ) ? 
  as i said , you know fuck all about the australian situation , so do n't comment when you 're ignorant of it . 
  that played maybe a 15 % goal in the elections , amongst the lowest socio-economic demographics . 
  it 's clear you have only a cursory knowledge of australian politics ( and sociology ) from your posts . 
  you 're a fan of sverigedemokraterna , i take it ? 
  what a load of crap . 
  australia , canada , and new zealand are far more ` stable ' , societally trusting , and multicultural than most countries in europe . 
  we can handle multiculturalism far better , why ca n't you ? 
  perhaps it 's because you guys are so quick to excuse your bigotry with grand social theories that lack any backing whatsoever . 
  floorball , the sport of kings ( and ... er ... queens ) became big there about a decade ago and you guys are quickly working your way up the hierarchy . 
  in these cases , they get asked over input for clauses . 
  it 's not like the negotiating parties just hand them the entire treaty as has been currently negotiated and say ` do what you want ' . 
  instead , they 're asked for their opinion on a clause ( how much would this affect your business , or something like that ) and then the eu politicians decide if thats what they want . 
  seriously , people see lobbying as some kind of sinister ` money-under-the-table ' deal , but its mostly just trying to get a feel for how the treaty would actually affect the economy . 
  the lobbyists give good reasons , and its up to the politicians to figure out whether its worth whatever ancillary costs that might impose on the rest of the population . 
  they ca n't campaign against the treaty as they do n't know everything it contains , or whether the negotiators accepted their positions . 
  the populace , if given full access to the negotiations ( as opposed to the citizen inputs we have now , which function in a fundamentally similar fashion to the corporations ) would simply hamper the process too much . 
  it 's so easy to see the corporations as evil , influence imposing , bandits . 
  but if you actually think about the processes that go into negotiating and lobbying , instead of just assuming that whatever is going on is bad , you 'll realize it 's just an exchange of views on pertinent areas with nothing sinister going on . 
  nah mate , he 's just a lion . 
  he meant the cap on bankers bonuses , not the cap . 
  pity he could n't be persuaded against his bullshit before he died . 
  itt : people saying racist shit about roma , but meaning general thieves and scoundrels . 
  but to call them just that would mean they would n't be able to easily get upset over it , so easiest to just call them roma . 
  simple trick to tell if you 're racist : answer the following two sets of questions 1 . 
  do you have a problem with ` natives ' from your country 2 . 
  do you have a problem with ` natives ' from your country that commit crime 1 . 
  do you have a problem with gypsies 2 . 
  do you have a problem with gypsies that commit crime . 
  if you answer differently in the two sets , congratulations !, 
  you 're a racist scumbag !, 
  that 's questionable . 
  at different times in history , they 've seen themselves as europeans , as asians , or as something in between . 
  peter the great , for example , tried to turn russia european ( and hence st petersburg ) . 
  at other times , it 's gone the opposite way . 
  it 's more accurate to say some parts of russia are in europe . 
  urgh , another one of these articles . 
  look , simply put , if the public is privy to the negotiations , they make it very difficult to bring about an outcome . 
  vocal minorities begin to dominate , they make it difficult to negotiate and compromise by insisting very loudly over ` areas of no compromise ' , reducing the possible outcomes of the negotiators . 
  it would be great if everyone could have a say , but this is kind of like the old adage about conducting a war by committee . 
  if anyone wants a more indepth ( and not too technical ) understanding , check out putnam 's two level game theory . 
  politicians are the only ones that can get into politics . 
  you 'll learn . 
  yeah , sure , i 'm against such industries as well . 
  but that should n't be a reason to be against foreign interventions like mali or the solomon islands . 
  most peace-keeping missions are n't to do with advanced weapons tech ( or even necessarily german made weapons ) . 
  one need only look at the numerous missions in africa , or the missions australia has participated in in south east asia to see that german weapons are a non-issue there . 
  i think that you 're ignoring , however , that during much of polands history , the inhabitants of the cities were mostly germans/german speakers . 
  i mean , even the clock tower in krakow , which used to have an attached town hall , is called the ratusz ( rathaus ) . 
   yes , i 'm so anti-german that i 'm learning german and listening to german audiobooks . 
  studying the enemy !, 
  i 'm going off of this comment and others you 've made : [ i prefer carrefour and auchan - as long as the chain is n't owned by germans . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1lwxo4/surveyreurope_what_is_your_preferred_supermarket/cc3ov5o ), 
  mrmysterious is very anti-german , just as a warning . 
  a bit too much of a nationalist too , as with too many poles unfortunately . 
  perla is my favourite polish mainstream beers . 
  harnas comes in second , just because the taste/price ratio is perfect . 
  charming . 
  check the guys history , people .
