  this was n't anecdotal evidence to be taken as an absolute truth . 
  this is my relaying my experiences . 
  but please , keep looking for more ways to ignore racism . 
  isds is part of more than 3400 trade agreements around the world , 1400 of which involve european countries . 
  it seems strange to me that you 're opposed to the isds system involved in ceta in which they create an actual formal court with appointed ( by the state ) judges , instead of the ad-hoc tribunals that were present in the past . 
  london . 
  i 'd say more than 5 % would say it 's fine to attack a muslim or an arab/black person, 
  i guess the difference is that no one says that murder , rape , pedophilia are n't considered ok by over half the population . 
  i used to live in poland about 6 months ago , had for a few years . 
  being a migrant , i knew a lot of foreigners . 
  not a single darker skinned one did n't have a story of harassment , and many of them had stories of also being physically attacked ( beyond just being shoved ) . 
  if you 're dark skinned or gay , do n't go to poland - although it 's marginally better to be gay than black . 
  -- happy now ? 
  can we get back to the topic at hand , which is that poland is not a good place for darker skinned foreigners due to racism ? 
  there are none so blind as those who will not see, 
  i used to live in poland about 6 months ago , had for a few years . 
  being an expat , i knew a lot of foreigners . 
  not a single darker skinned one did n't have a story of harassment , and many of them had stories of also being physically attacked ( beyond just being shoved ) . 
  if you 're dark skinned or gay , do n't go to poland - although it 's marginally better to be gay than black . 
  plenty of alternatives . 
  how old are you ? 
  unskilled migrants found jobs before uber ... 
  if the drivers are n't making dick/making minimum wage they should just change jobs . 
  the end goal is n't to arrest them , it 's to show that the rule of law applies everywhere . 
  if arresting them is part of that , so be it . 
  it would n't be racist , and i think you 'd be hard pressed to find people that would argue that . 
  but go with the strawmen , it 's totally adding to the situation . 
  i thought / r/europe was opposed to diversity ? 
  do you even know what a broken window fallacy is ? 
  i 'm just wondering how many people i can piss off by having the images different sizes . 
  stiglitz has railed against the euro for years , but this really is n't his field of speciality in the slightest, 
  think they 're saying barosso and goldman sachs . 
  this is european news how ? 
  go on . 
  sure , if you want to devalue western values . 
  please suspend eu voting rights as a result . 
  this shit ca n't go on . 
  when you can become pregnant , go for it . 
  literally wrote above i lived in a suburb next to it and spent a lot of time there . 
  have you ever been there ? 
  nah , that 's a load of bollocks . 
  no , it wo n't , it all click bait and racist titles . 
  so , once more , do you think he provides good sources ? 
  do you disagree they 're bad sources ? 
  this guy goes around in every thread talking about how muslims are scum . 
  reddit , obviously , upvotes him . 
  guy does n't get his contract renewed , finds reasons to blame for this happening that do n't involve him - internet goes crazy, 
  he was saying it does n't work anywhere . 
  i was pointing out it does . 
  because they 're not relevant to the topic at hand . 
  if you want to find a reason to bitch against muslims , do it elsewhere . 
  what 's your point ? 
  the other guy was saying that multiculturalism does n't work . 
  i was pointing out it does . 
  they were examples , obviously there were a lot more than just them . 
  come back to me when you understand the concept of ' a reliable source ' , rather than the garbage you 're linking to . 
  yeah , well , none of the people i knew had views that were outside the mainstream for australia , so it 's a bit of a strawman you 're making . 
  believe me , there were a lot of non europeans . 
  plenty from vietnam and india , for example . 
  good argument . 
  nice one . 
  well done . 
  good job . 
  what the fuck does this have to do with what i said ? 
  i was calling you out on your transparent bullshitting , not claiming europe had to be multicultural . 
   australia 's immigration policy means only the best immigrants make the cut and all illegals are sent away to a detention camp and then deported back home you clearly do n't know dick . 
  i know reddit loves to jerk itself off over the idea of points based systems , but the reality is they do n't work . 
  and we certainly do n't send ` illegals ' to detention camps to be deported home , we just have offshore processing for asylum seekers - which is undertaken in a manner inconsistent with human rights . 
  we have thousands of ` illegals ' each year in the form of europeans that choose to overstay their visas , we certainly do n't send them off to detention camps . 
   europe 's immigration policies were completely different after wwii where millions of uneducated and strongly religious people from hostile regions were allowed to settle on the continent . 
  if you do n't believe me try going for a stroll in the multicultural no-go zones of malmo or the wonderful multicultural camp at calais . 
  let me put this as clearly and succinctly as possible - you simply do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about . 
  i lived in malmo for a while a few years ago , right next to rosengard . 
  it absolutely was n't a no-go area . 
  but i see a shitload of american racists that come onto this subreddit that have never even been to europe claiming the same , so it 's not really surprising you 'd be spouting similar garbage . 
  over the past 10 years , perhaps . 
  do you think there were n't literally millions of immigrants living in australia before then ? 
  yeah . 
  i 'm not sure how that 's somehow disproving that australia is n't multicultural ? 
  mate , as an aussie , you 're completely full of shit . 
  i went to a school filled with kids whose parents were pakistani and indian , russian and chinese , vietnamese and congolese . 
  we all got along fine . 
  it 's one month old . 
  looking at the current market cap converted to usd , it 's 1 billion . 
  fuck me , had no idea they were worth so much . 
  edit : did some back of the envelope math , they 're worth 1 billion usd, 
  nah , the 2000 number is probably just how many times russia or putin are mentioned . 
  you 're certainly not going to see anything on the scale of the dnc leaks on there with respect to russia, 
  notice how no leaks about russia are done through wikileaks ? 
  ah , i thought he was referring to stockholder . 
  in which case the clients will still own the funds and stocks people bought through the bank if they 're regular peons . 
  there 's generally a hierarchy for collection of liquidated assets to creditors/owners . 
  stockholders are some of the last to get anything , if anything is left . 
  i think the difference is that , unlike everyone else here , i actually studied this and wrote one of my masters on a related topic . 
  i guess you 're tired of experts as well ? 
  wow , that 's a silly comment . 
  nice misrepresentations of the cases . 
  ok , obviously countries are better off with full tariff barriers and subsidies . 
  then no one can trade with anyone else , and everyone can be rich . 
  im sorry , but your position is not supported by any mainstream economist ( 98 % of academic economists ) .
