  my polish friends dragged me to an australian bar in barcelona . 
  it was terrible , there were strippers , the style looked nothing australian ( it was just a bunch of australian themed shit on the walls ) , and the beer was fosters . 
  actually , qatar is the worlds no1 producer of lng , with australia set to overtake it in 2020 . 
  the us only just started granting export licenses so that lng export terminals can start being built , they 're not exporting yet . 
  have fun enabling the racists and telling the people that put the racists in their place that * they 're * the problem . 
   in either case , it 's not up to us ( or anyone ) to judge , unless we live in hamburg . 
  this i most explicitly disagree with . 
  as i said , the city made the agreement with vattenfall , and only when a party with different * politics * got into power did the agreement get effectively broken ( whether through the greens shifting the goalposts , or what-have-you ) . 
  the article i linked shows case after case of vattenfall being accommodating with the city by putting in place measures that would make it more environmentally friendly , and only when the * politics changed * did things turn ugly for vattenfall . 
  ** that ** is acting in bad faith . 
  the agreement was cancelled because of politics , not because it was the right thing to do for the people . 
  not all environmental protection laws are justified , and the greens put in place environmental protection laws that could specifically kill the power plant . 
  i 'd be very interested in the scientific evidence that those laws were needed , but hey - y' know what , that 's probably exactly what vattenfall argued in the isds because the german greens are a bunch of ideological nutjobs . 
   besides , what i forgot to mention in the previous post is that the eu and the us both have unbiased internal judicial systems , which is just another reason why international corporate courts are unnecessary . 
  except that sovereign immunity exists , meaning it 's simply not possible to sue the government unless the government allows it . 
  which is what isds is created for . 
  and when it 's done for political reasons , as opposed to for the good of the people ? 
  when some populist gets into power and decides to break contracts at whim with companies that have invested hundreds of millions of dollars ? 
  where 's the protection for them ? 
  i mean , look at the case . 
  the city * specifically asked them to expand the power plant * , in a contract , and then breached it . 
  why should n't the company get compensated ? 
  seriously , read through the article i linked to . 
  the city made promise after promise to vattenfall that everything was fine , and then when a different political party got into power it was basically unilaterally cancelled . 
  just because a different political party got into power , and not because the evidence changed . 
  that 's what i 've been saying the whole time , which you casually dismiss as a strawman . 
  the cases are considerably more complex than you make it out , when you portray it as `` it was stopped for the good of the people , but the company sued anyway because it 's greedy '' . 
  what you said is n't democracy in action , it 's majority rule !, 
  we live in liberal-democracies which mean that the majority ca n't harm minorities just because they 're the larger group . 
  now that isds is becoming more spoken about , maybe countries will do proper due diligence for projects , instead of allowing companies to spend hundreds of millions of dollars in the city and then say ` tough ' . 
  i 've got to ask , what happened to you in high school ? 
  you 'll spin anything as making the eu the bad guy , wo n't you ? 
  there 's limited space on the front page of / r/europe . 
  i do n't like it cluttered with racist things , which prevent discussions on actual important issues . 
  problem ? 
  care to elaborate a little ? 
  that does n't preclude the possibility that the uk government still disproportionately favours the city . 
  but it 's totally not a racist party guys !, 
  i do n't relish it , i point out the bullshit racist stuff that goes on . 
  i 'd prefer these people fuck off so we can discuss real european issues , but they keep coming back and voting this shit up . 
  so i hound them for it . 
  it 's interesting that you think i 'm the problem , and not the racists . 
  it is . 
  well , yeah , i think i am morally superior to a literal nazi . 
  no , the ones that were there under an [ official agreement ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/joint_control_commission_for_georgian%e2%80%93ossetian_conflict_resolution ) with georgia . 
  i do n't think you quite understand what the word ` shill ' means ... and i 've never said europe needs more immigrants . 
   and you do n't seem to be swedish , so why do you even care ? 
  yes , / u/genocideneeded , why do you care ? 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's just temporary accommodation until they find something more permanent , but i 'm not exactly knowledgeable about the case . 
  [ is n't it time people accept that this happens ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2726314/german-spy-agency-recorded-hillary-clintons-conversation-plane-secretary-state.html ) ? 
  users that have been on a checklist \u2713 / u/savannajeff, 
  we use per annum in australia as well . 
  it 's a bad week if i downvote one a week . 
  i just tag users instead . 
  i do n't think i 've ever been on a checklist before !, 
  immigrants are cashed up , they pay me well but not well enough to show up after a minute . 
  they 're being put into what is , essentially , a hospital a km outside of town that has n't been in use since the 80s . 
  it was just sitting there , why not put them in there if they 've a lack of living space elsewhere ? 
  edit : and the downvotes have started . 
  i love how you people ( oh my god , he said * you people * ) just downvote everything you dislike . 
  even on the map you linked , cyprus is not in europe . 
  it was n't a question of why they would n't , but why / u/wizekid did n't want them in . 
  even the [ eu report ] ( http://www.ceiig.ch/ ) on the georgian conflict favours the russian narrative , though of course does n't whitewash the bad things they did . 
  i do n't know what to say except you 're wrong . 
  except he meant that in a different context , that it did n't have a history as a nation pre-russia , but that now they do . 
  he was complimenting nazarbayev for his state building efforts . 
  and the level of influence russia has over kazakhstan in particular , and central asia in general , certainly would indicate they 're under russia ' thumb . 
  edit : her 's the actual quote  here is what i can say about kazakhstan . 
  it is our closest strategic ally and partner . 
  first , president nazarbayev is alive and well , and , thank god , has no intention of resigning ; however , being the wise and experienced leader that he is , he is always concerned about the future of his country . 
   as for some individual comments on the internet and some discussions with citizens of kazakhstan -- naturally , people are different and they may express different views . 
  in population that country is about ten times smaller than russia , its population is about 15 million , but by european standards this is a large country . 
  however , i am convinced that a vast majority of the citizens of kazakhstan favour stronger ties with russia . 
  we see this and we know it . 
   as you may know , mr nazarbayev is a very wise leader , i believe he is the wisest on the post-soviet space , and he would never go against the will of his people . 
  he can feel what his people expect of him . 
  therefore , everything that has been done lately -- largely due to his talent of an organiser and his political expertise -- is all in the interests of kazakhstan as a state . 
   i already said that he has performed a unique feat : ** he has created a state on a territory where there has never been a state . 
  ** the kazakhs never had a state of their own , and he created it . 
  in this sense , he is a unique person on the post-soviet space and in kazakhstan . 
  however , i would like to repeat , that this is not about him , but about the sentiments of the people , of the vast majority of society . 
  did you read the article ? 
  he 's not threatening to leave , he 's saying he 'd have the option to if things got bad , particularly if russia stopped following the legalities of the agreement . 
  i doubt he 'd exercise it though . 
  central asian states play a very careful balancing act with russia , but they 're heavily influenced from russia , and know to fear moscow . 
  kazakhstan actually is more within europe than cyprus is . 
  dugin is a crank that western media fell in love with . 
  what about a hundred years from now ? 
  still , the norwegian state is responsible for their welfare . 
  unless they just take over one of the overbuilt prisons with their own staff and run it themselves , there could be questions of liability . 
  also , as an australian , you can see my natural aversion to prison colonies in foreign lands !, 
  they may lead to the genocide of the natives !, 
  but that 's not what kazakhstan is doing , and georgia was n't already part of a customs union and nato-equivalent with russia , let alone a host of other factors . 
  why thank god , if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  got ta question the legality of this vis-a-vis the state 's responsibility to the prisoners . 
  i 'm sure this could be killed with a successful court challenge . 
  the links between russia-kazakhstan and russia-ukraine are completely different . 
  russia does n't need to invade kazakhstan . 
  this is just a partnership agreement , it does n't mean much other than trying to expand a few trade links . 
  kazakhstan is already in the csto ( a russian dominated mini-nato ) and the russian customs union .
