  it 's fine to be concerned about immigration and integration . 
  what 's not fine is to actively work against making that work , and european values . 
  it 's not just about making them quit , it 's also about stopping hem in the first place . 
  it 's some nutty conspiracy guy . 
  i already commented on yesterday 's thread, 
  i am . 
  but once they 're leaked , they 're leaked . 
  i 'm not a paid troll , so nothing to give up . 
  thank you . 
  oh please , the two are incomparable . 
  because greenpeace does n't use a methodology that 's respected by anyone . 
  organizations like cepr do . 
  economic modeling is hardly ` speculation ' , it 's based on real world evidence of objectively likely outcomes . 
  have never said ` this treaty is awesome ' . 
  i argue against bad arguments related to ttip . 
  your issue is that your perspective is so skewed that bringing the discussion to the center is seen as an attack . 
  i 'm not making blanket claims , i 'm reporting the results of economic studies . 
  do you get paid for being uneducated ? 
  frequently . 
  because i knew they had n't been released at the time and he was talking out of his arse . 
  sorry , i thought you were implying that would be the case as a result of ttip . 
  my bad . 
  you said the documents ` clearly show ' . 
  how do they ` clearly show ' , when you have n't read them as they have n't been released ? 
  how will the precautionary principle be undermined ? 
  well they 're not doing anything to change that , based on what they 've released . 
  can you point to how europe will lose the precautionary principle ? 
  are you kidding ? 
  it makes the eus automotive sector * much * more competitive in the us . 
  every serious economic analyses shows large gains for european auto manufacturers . 
  the guy said they 're already released . 
  either he 's talking out of his arse , or they 're released in which case i wan na read them . 
  you 're literally linking to the submission . 
  i 'm tired of reading an inevitably heavily biased interpretation , as has been just about every single article that 's been written on the topic thus far . 
  i want to see the documents themselves . 
   and i really get impatient with people trying to sugarcoat it . 
  you have to convince me , why a bilateral trade agreement is n't full of loopholes . 
  because that is to be expected right now . 
  i 'm not trying to convince you or anyone else it 's good . 
  i 'm asking for specific provisions the person i replied to thinks will force countries to roll back environmental regulations . 
  i 'm sorry for disagreeing with you . 
  nevertheless , can you please link directly to the leaked pdfs that are n't supposed to be made public until tomorrow ? 
  can you link to the pdf ? 
  i ca n't read dutch , and ca n't see anything that would indicate a link to the leaks there . 
  it 's also not my job to guarantee anything . 
  they might be . 
  they might not be . 
  let 's wait and see , eh ? 
  wish i could do that when i needed to research any of my papers . 
  i 'm shocked you 're saying that the 240 pages that * are n't being released until tomorrow * clearly show that . 
  you must be an awfully fast reader , although not really showing me the direct provisions in the leaks that i asked for . 
  certainly have n't said there 's no point discussing leaks . 
  just said we should n't give credence to the wild rumors stated by clearly biased organizations . 
  acta was public for over a year , as ttip will be . 
  if you 're against , you 'll still have to protest in cold temperatures . 
  it 's funny how i 've become a boogieman . 
  which provisions ( please point to specific ones ) do you think will do that ? 
  edit : seek discussion and information , get down votes . 
  when they refused t leave after the finns told them they wanted the germans out . 
  probably because the germans then went and de facto occupied it . 
  i know someone that stood for election on behalf of razem who is a legit communist . 
  unfortunately i 'm traveling and am only on my phone , but your interpretation and understanding bears no resemblance to reality . 
  then they should n't make laws that unjustly treat foreign investors . 
  i said ` not just ' . 
  i think it 's important people understand the cultural perspective i 'm coming from . 
  because i was born and raised in australia , and also have aussie citizenship . 
  i 'm not here as a guest , i have citizenship dummy . 
  not just . 
  also moral reasons . 
  but you 're apparently a legit neonazi that believes in pure bloodlines , so i 'm not sure how solid your grasp on morality is . 
  i also have european citizenship , but whatever . 
  stick to your nazi ` pure bloodline , everyone else is inferior ' beliefs if that 's what floats your boat . 
  i 've lived in europe for more than seven years . 
  it 's funny you think foreigners should n't be allowed to comment though . 
  says a lot about your views . 
  i do n't deny thousands are coming without ids . 
  i disagree that they 're a flood . 
  i do n't know what the issue is , the overwhelming majority of people you might call ` internationalists ' are n't calling to let everyone in . 
  just to accept the refugees , and deport those that do n't need protection . 
  most rational people can tell the difference between a refugee and an illegal immigrant . 
  in theory , we deport those that are n't deemed to be refugees or needing protection . 
  in practice , we only deport about half of those we should . 
  instead of punishing refugees , we should work harder on processing and deporting those that do n't need to be here . 
  europe . 
  that 's right , it 's not . 
  razem is basically a communist party . 
  you 're referring to isds . 
  everything you 've written about it is wrong . 
  it has no power to set or change or cancel laws , all it can do is award monetary compensation if an investor has been unjustly treated . 
  the secrecy is also completely normal for international negotiations , and for good reason . 
  yeah , and we need to kill the shadow world government that is run by the jews too !, 
  ... my god , some of you people . 
  do you have a date for that ? 
  it 's a bit useless without . 
  it 's not just a different political view . 
  he 's the legal equivalent of an anti-vaxxer , or climate change denier - people that deny the consensus of experts to instead pick and choose sources that support their biases . 
  he 's a hardcore pis supporter that ignores the consensus of both the polish and international legal community , and instead focuses on simplistic and reductive layman interpretations of legal matters . 
  they have to do it on purpose . 
  there 's no way it 's an accident ... 
  nothing was forced onto greece .
