  i specifically said , many times throughout , that i was focusing on the legal ramifications . 
  how does that make me an authoritarian ? 
  i made no judgement one way or another there . 
  you still have n't explained why you hate all westerners . 
  or are you that weird breed of slavic that goes full on russophile and changes their name to sound more russian ( i knew a slovak guy that did that ) . 
  actually , i do know the country , its politics and the history , having lived here for two years , and living here again currently . 
  what have i done to make you hate me ? 
  two hardcore polish nationalists ( or at least i have them tagged as such ) duking it out over the level of jewishness in the authors article . 
  you ca n't make this shit up !, 
  no , i found something clearly and catastrophically wrong with his article , a fundamental misunderstanding of the subject matter that made it apparent he did not understand the topic at all . 
   as for authoritarianism , the other day you got a little brownshirty yourself when it came to people that do n't fall in line like a good europhile duck , so maybe i should count myself lucky i got two lines and not two jackboots . 
  then again , i do n't think you can credibly or morally expect to be lecturing anyone on what is and is not authoritarianism until you 've shown some penance . 
  [ 3 ] really , this is what you 're going to point to ? 
  please tell me where i did or said anything ` brownshirty ' there at all . 
  agreed , terrific article . 
  none of what you state has anything to do with authoritarianism , or that which does is based off of faulty conclusions , your peculiar idealistic perception of what democracy should be , or is outright wrong . 
  because it 's not the eu 's intent to surround russia . 
  if there 's a european country that meets criteria , and wants to join , and there 's political will from europes side to accept them , then they will be accepted . 
  but that has nothing at all to do with russia . 
  yes , i was explaining what happened last time the topic came up and nationalism was brought into it . 
  i 've only had time for a quick glance , but it already seems garbage . 
  citing ` independence ' ( and referring to it as ` de facto unaccountability ' ) as a problem with the ecb in the terms of democratic deficit is just madness . 
  pretty much every western government has an independent central bank , bringing up democracy is just irrelevant . 
  edit : i remember reading this guys blog posts before . 
  he 's quite mad with conspiracy theories , such as that the ecb toppled berlusconi . 
  well , technically not before revelations . 
  there had been a number of detailed reports , even by people that had been in the extermination camps , by that time . 
  the last time a thread about this came up there were a whole bunch of english trying to justify summary executions and extrajudicial killings . 
  there is the same level of public consultation as there is for just about any national policy . 
  yeah , and that would be because you 're very blatantly and clearly wrong . 
  it might help your cause if you did n't fill up every thread with ` i 'm worried that anyone doing anything with the eu will be a net receiver for eternity ' , especially when this is an association agreement and nothing more . 
  you 're really going to compare the journalistic integrity of the bbc and the independent , to that of north korean press or some such ? 
  how do you feel it 's authoritarian in nature ? 
  yes , and part of that is whether investors think they will lose money by investing ( such as if the government default or prints its way out of debt ) , or not . 
  which greatly limits the ability of governments to just borrow and print it 's way out . 
  and in so doing , violating the principle of freedom of movement . 
  it would n't go anywhere anyway . 
  it 's an issue in canada , australia , new zealand , the us . 
  the eu is a scapegoat in this case . 
  i think they 're mostly tired of hearing about it in the media . 
  like most things , it 's a non-issue once you get past the initial shock , but politicians and the media love playing it up until it seems like it 's something that has to be tackled urgently . 
  there was an article in [ the economist ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/britain/21591588-britons-loathe-immigration-principle-quite-immigrants-practice-bulgarians ) lately that even stated the many positive effects that immigration brings . 
  i 'm pretty certain it 's just some kind of negative feed back loop . 
  i made my point . 
  i was refuting that people were making the claim that debt was the same for households and countries , and i said that countries do n't have unlimited borrowing capacity and that many eurozone countries were very close to hitting a limit on what they could reasonably expect to borrow . 
  i felt the need to say this because you were proposing fiscal stimulus and the original question was how countries were supposed to pay for that if not with more debt . 
  you brought up that no country in control of it 's currency has gone through a default , and i corrected you . 
  argentina was perfectly able to remove the peg . 
  they did n't . 
  a pegged currency is n't one that 's imposed on another country , it 's what the country imposes on itself . 
  if you meant a floating exchange rate , you should 've said that , and not ` in control of it 's currency ' . 
  [ argentina . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1998%e2%80%932002_argentine_great_depression ), 
  funny , it shows me as 2-0 . 
  but thanks for the upvote . 
  regardless , this is an area where you and i have very different ideas with respect to what democracy should be . 
  the cap and cfp already get drastically reformed at least every 7 years , and there 's continuous refinement . 
  the producer subsidy estimate ( in very simple terms , how much of a farms income comes from subsidies ) has dropped from [ 30.1 % in 2005 , to 19 % in 2012 ] ( http://www.oecd-ilibrary.org/content/table/20755104-table1 ) , which is low-mid ranged compared to world levels . 
  the cfp has just gone through another reform where they 're phasing out discards ( throwing away less desirable fish in favour of more economically lucrative onces ) over the next few years . 
  the only reason the overwhelming majority of people keep bringing up the cfp and cap reform , as if it is n't always in a process of reform , is because they do n't understand it . 
  yeah , i think he 's long been like that . 
  of course , it reminds me of this : ` those who play with the devil 's toys will be brought by degrees to wield his sword . ', 
  yeah , great , now lets see them try and govern an entire country on that principle instead of having one or two defections on one or two votes as non-governing parties . 
  side note , are you of the libertarian/anarcho-capitalist persuasion by any chance ? 
  i presume that they 're referring to the precursors of the eu such as the ecsc , in which case that was 60 years ago . 
  regardless , i always hate that bullshit kind of ` the founding fathers would n't have wanted it ' argument . 
  yep , it 's just how the system functions . 
  ca n't complain about that aspect without complaining about the whole thing . 
  [ benefit tourism is n't really that much of an issue ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-25127344 ) . 
  it 's being played up because it 's easily digestible and a great vote winner amongst the uneducated public . 
  and let 's not forget that it was only [ ten days ago ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/government-delays-eu-immigration-report-because-it-is-too-positive-8994264.html ) that the uk government refused to release a report on immigration because it was too positive . 
  that bbc article i linked to first is a great one on the subject . 
  we had ` boat people ' as our bogus election issue , do n't let this be yours . 
  benefit tourism is a minnow in an ocean . 
  the overhwleming majority of politicians are more loyal to their parties than to their job . 
  sad , but true . 
  i 'm not even sure it 's that . 
  there was an article in this subreddit recently that found that eastern immigrants in denmark did n't lower wages . 
  i 've long since established that igelkotten is mentally deficient , and i forget what was wrong with huonym but he 's at -15 for me ( and i very rarely downvote ) so he must be some kind of that as well . 
  do n't be too bothered . 
  i do n't think you 're using scientific properly . 
  perhaps you meant verifiably factual reasons ? 
  then he picked his battles very poorly , because freedom of movement is not something the eu is able to compromise on . 
  the poorer states at the very least will never allow it to go through . 
  yeah , four years ago if someone said that you 'd think they were a nut . 
  yeah , i sincerely doubt it 's the whole truth . 
  at the least , they had some kind of pub rule that mandated people returned empties to get their deposit or something . 
  countries in control of their currencies have defaulted before , and my point was about the trust the market puts on the government to not make the investors lose money . 
  if they think they 'll lose money , they wo n't invest . 
  i still disagree . 
  government debt issuance is based on a balance between how realistically markets think a government is able to repay loans , factoring in measures such a s quantitative easing . 
  european governments already have high levels of debt , and many are under the strain of repaying it . 
  future debt issuance , if it 's in a climate of negative market perception following a large spurt of borrowing , is likely to be heavily undersubscribed or at high rates . 
  you 're right that it 's a policy tool of the government , you 're just forgetting that the other half of the equation is market sentiment . 
  i do n't think anyone made the claim that they were he same . 
  but with many debt : gdp ratios already hitting close to 100 % , there 's a realistic limited capacity of what could still be borrowed that gives a greater benefit than cost . 
  yes , i 'm very aware of greek-turkish history . 
  but that was decades ago , to still bring it up in * every * article on greco-turkish relations is ridiculous . 
  one of my mates from berlin told me that an ipa has to be classed as a beer-like drink , or some such , as opposed to merely a ` beer ' . 
  but then what about beer made out of malt , like porters and ipas ?
