   it 's embarrassing how much you 're clutching at straws to defend a disgusting practice that maintains third world poverty , distorts the markets , clusters production dangerously into one continent , and means we all end up paying more in the end for produce . 
  given that most eu subsidies fall under the blue bands , they 're not significantly trade distorting so your comments here are stupid , null and void . 
   the idea that removing wasteful subsidies would `` destroy the wine industry '' , an industry that 's existed , as far as we know , for the last 8000 years in europe , is one of the most laughable things that i 've ever read . 
  european wine is not going to disappear because handouts from brussels stop . 
  do n't be absurd . 
  you do n't think a massive decimation of the european wine industry would make people question the worth of european wine as a brand ? 
  that people wo n't start saying `` oh , better get this australian or californian wine , european wines go broke all the time so they must not be very good '' ( remember , these are people from developing countries we 're talking about here ) . 
   further , if the production of wine is set to rise dramatically , as you say , then you 've already made the case for ending subsidies quite plain : the consumption of wine is set to increase . 
  wow , you have no critical thinking skills , nor reading comprehension skills at all , do you ? 
   i am struggling here - so we should subsidise french winemakers so people in developing markets can enjoy the wine more cheaply ? 
  that has been made abundantly clear . 
  the point is if we destroy the wine industry by getting rid of subsidies , europe wo n't be in place to take advantage of it as developing incomes rise ( and drastically at that ) over the next few years . 
  as i said , knowledge , assets , and brand are destroyed . 
  no , because weather patterns are unstable as hell . 
  and liable to get more so given global climate change . 
  if private businesses overestimate , you end up with a surplus that you sell at a loss and go bankrupt . 
  if they underestimate , you end up with high food prices . 
  a single farmer might not know how many other farmers are producing the same crop , or how much . 
  the state can coordinate to try and find the best level . 
  you can plan how many bmws you make in a year , and how many you expect . 
  you ca n't plan agricultural harvests . 
  rural development is part of the cap . 
  it 's more than just food security when it comes to long term thinking , it 's about the nouveau rich in developing countries who have a hankering for ` quality ' wines , which means european . 
  destroying family farmers and the like means a huge loss in know-how , already invested assets , and geographic quality recognition . 
  and that 's just with wine , let alone other produce . 
  given how drastically the worlds agricultural needs are set to increase over the next 50 years , this * is * long term thinking . 
  all i 'll say is that you 're ignoring the ` new rich ' of developing countries like china , who generally want more complex and agriculturally intensive foods than just rice , such as beef or wine . 
  looking at it through just calories is moronic . 
  regardless , european agriculture is a great deal more profitable now than in the past , requiring far less in subsidies so your argument holds no merit  i 've not been outright incorrect once in this thread of comments . 
  i claimed farm subsidies were for food security . 
  they are , by your own admission . 
  you said that was their raison d'etre . 
  i said that one was of the many reasons . 
  if it 's cheaper to keep them in that work , than to pay for their welfare ( remember these people do n't have other marketable skills ) , why the fuck would n't you just subsidize their work ? 
  you 're looking at it from a hard economics perspective , ignoring that there are other considerations that need to be taken into account . 
  given that world agricultural produce consumption is expected to rise by 50 % by 2050 , i do n't see why it would be unprofitable/unsustainable in the long run . 
  bankrupting them now by taking away subsidies would just mean that when the produce becomes sustainable in a decade or so , we 've destroyed the infrastructure , the name brand , the skills and the in-place assets to take advantage of the fact . 
  that 's just one reason to keep them . 
  regardless , your arguments are n't arguments , they 're judgements . 
  when you have n't been outright incorrect , all you 've said is ` this is bullshit ' and left it at that . 
  i 'm done with this argument , at least with you . 
  taking away subsidies , the family farmers would have two choices . 
  unemployment/menial work in the cities for a pittance and requiring a lot of welfare to support themselves , or continue working their farms , but experience a lot of financial stress and inevitable bankruptcy ... leading to them having to go to the first option , but in an even worse state . 
  you 'd rather a flood of unemployed people with no marketable skills from the countryside to the city , wiping away rural assets and destroying rural economies ? 
  a small tourist town in italy may only be a small tourist town in italy because of the nearby small family farms . 
  get rid of the subsidies , and the knock on effect means the tourist town goes bankrupt and regional economies are decimated . 
  or it could be that , y' know , i know something more about the subject than just what 's in the papers such as that it 's the [ specific argument ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/multifunctionality_in_agriculture ) used by the eu in the wto . 
  no , their raison d'etre is multifunctionality , which includes food security . 
  income support , maintaining rural areas , environmental sustainability etc. 
  a solid chunk of the remaining money goes towards small family wineries and the like to give them a comparable level of income to what they 'd have if they were in the cities . 
  ignoring that most of the subsidies going to wine are there for a transition to other ( read , more profitable ) agricultural produce under the ` grubbing up ' scheme , amidst others . 
  so a lion and a cheetah get into a race . 
  and , y' know , cheetah 's are the fastest cats on the planet so of course it wins by a mile . 
  now , lions are proud creatures and there 's no way in hell it 's gon na take losing to a damn cheetah . 
  so the lion says `` hey man !, 
  you 're a fucking cheetah !, 
  '' , and the cheetah says `` nah man , you 're a lion ! '', 
  trust a german not to have a sense of humour :p, 
  it changes . 
  i 'm on my fifth year now , have lived variously in eastern , central and northern europe . 
  depends on where work or studies take me . 
  at the moment i 'm in limbo , travelling a bit . 
  i live in europe . 
  does n't matter . 
  us market for gas is set to greatly increase . 
  australia is closer ( and has better relations ) with markets like china , singapore , etc. 
  not 40b dollar total , 3 lng investments of about 40b dollars each . 
  plus , as i said , the additional investment in infrastructure ( pipelines ) and extraction . 
  these ones are n't finished yet , they come online in about 2-4 years . 
  we 're talking a quarter of a trillion dollars invested in lng in australia set to come online within the next 5 years . 
  you 're mistaken about australia , we have huge natural gas investments going on at the moment . 
  i know of at least 3 different lng projects ( we 're talking the 40billion dollar facilities to liquefy it here , let alone all the ancillary stuff like the extraction and pipelines to those facilities ) coming online in the next few years . 
  these are generally 40 + year old and we 're in the second greatest recession in history . 
  simply put , it 's cheaper at the moment to subsidize them through cap payments ( which do n't actually amount to that much per small holding ) than to fund them through social programs . 
  you can take that as one of its problems . 
  or you can see that it keeps small farm holdings of people that have no other marketable skills at a decent level of living until their children head off to the big city , get a university education and sell off the farm when their parents retire . 
  you do n't want swarms of unemployed , poor people moving from the countryside to the city , leading to the collapse of rural economies and destabilized city societies . 
  the cap allows the transition to economies of scale to go smoothly , albeit over a longer timeframe . 
  you understand the cap is there for rural development and environmental sustainability purposes as well , right ? 
  typically simplistic british way of viewing the cap . 
  international negotiation has always been done without the parliament being fully aware what 's going on behind closed doors . 
  this is n't a new phenomenon . 
  and remember , parliament still has to ratify the treaty for it to be accepted . 
  a trade agreement does n't go into force until it 's been ratified by both countries , despite it perhaps being agreed to by both parties at the negotiating tables . 
  well , i ca n't speak for the national level , but parliaments of pretty much every country do n't get involved in trade negotiations beyond the ministers giving instructions , it 's all handled by the foreign office . 
  they get to vote on whether to accept it in the end though , so in a way they still have their veto . 
  meidei was speaking with reference to the eu , not to national governments . 
  sorry , where are they minimizing the role of parliaments to enact laws ? 
  charming . 
  speak to your mother with that mouth ? 
  when she 's not selling her body to arab men for a packet of cigarettes , that is . 
  other thread ? 
  holy shit , was n't this 10k like a month ago ? 
  in referring to the states , not the refugees, 
  youre right , my mistake . 
  i was basing it off of ths exchange where you said you thought it should be acceptable , but didnt personally like it . 
  my mistake . 
  in general , they do n't respect the rule of law so that would n't work . 
  we can make trite statements , or we can be pragmatic . 
  / r/europe man ... is a cess pit .
