  i think there are two projects in the baltics , a few on the mediterranean , some in germany ... 
  it 's why i loved the ` lithuania loves poland ' campaign so much . 
  gets around the bickering politicians . 
  it 's funny how similar much of this relationship is to the ` intermarrum ' idea of the interwar period . 
  actually , solar and wind mean a greater reliance on gas which , when it comes to electricity generation , is typically only used to make up for drops in renewable energy production and as peaker plants . 
  in actuality , most gas europe uses is for industrial use ( fertilizers and the like ) and district heating . 
  if you really want to cut gas dependence , your only realistic options are nuclear and coal at the moment . 
  hydro is pretty much at capacity in europe . 
  edit : typo, 
  i 'm on my phone so do n't know if i edited my reply before you posted , but it 's edited in . 
  yeah , there are some belief systems that are just fundamentally opposed to the western liberal democratic norms upon which we base our societies . 
  just as some ban nazis , others ban communists , so too should we ban ideologies such as wahhabism . 
  i 'm opposed to the death penalty . 
  sounds pretty contrary to notions of justice and the rule of law . 
  thanks for putting me onto ` black standard ' , that actually helped to clarify something that was puzzling me since yesterday . 
  i was watching a news report about the isis fighters attacking those that fled to a mountain refuge , one video was of fighters marching and some of them carrying a black flag with the isis logo on it , however when they switched coverage the isis logo remained on the screen in the corner , moving , sans flag when there was just talking politicians . 
  i 'm not one to go for conspiracy theories , but it 's certainly something to ponder . 
  edit : and yes , / r/european is the racist one . 
  everyone recognises hydrocarbons are too important to touch at this stage . 
  russia has long really only meant ` moscow ' . 
  we keep our emus for home defense . 
  yeah , i 've been saying this for weeks but few people listen . 
  the truth is n't sexy enough , i think . 
  they support them against azerbaijan . 
  tusk seems like a smooth operator and an intelligent guy , but people complain about him because it 's the polish national character to complain . 
  edit : give opinion , get downvotes . 
  be warned, 
  most likely one would be a catalan war of independence , i think , particularly given it 's in the constitution that the army has to guarantee spain 's territorial integrity . 
  the only information people that post in great apes have about sweden is overblown and exaggerated accounts of failures of immigrant integration, 
  but it 's surprisingly big , thanks to putin . 
  coming from you , who seems to hate muslim immigrants ? 
  it makes sense though . 
  russia has two natural outlets for the sale of its products ( ie : hydrocarbons ) , the eu and china . 
  whilst both were happy customers , it had options . 
  as soon as one turned so harshly sour , it 's options closed.c, 
  i do n't know i have n't read the agreement . 
  have you ? 
  that 's not the case , it 's entirely in the eus favour . 
  relatively , the uk imports considerably more as a percentage from the eu , than the eu imports from the uk as a whole . 
  that suggest the power is with the eu , not the uk . 
  moose drunk ? 
  never heard that one before !, 
  i experienced sauna for the first time some four years ago when i was visiting a ( now ) ex in tampere . 
  i 'm a fervent convert ever since . 
  for me , lapin kulta will forever be associated with sauna . 
  oh , i thought you were referring to the isds provisions of nafta . 
  that 's hardly what happened . 
  quebec released a lot of land for fracking which us companies made sizable investments in , then they placed a moratorium on fracking . 
  it was n't an issue of abrogating environmental regulations , but of compensation for what was an implicit guarantee ( the selling of fracking rights ) that they would be able to conduct business there . 
  it 's not a matter of if the agreement can be made , but on what terms . 
  well , you know my thoughts better than i fo, 
  those are asylum seekers and illegal immigrants . 
  those that are deemed not to be refugees should be sent back . 
  those deemed to be refugees should be allowed to stay . 
  i do n't see the issue ? 
  they do n't heavily subsidized agriculture . 
  the producer support estimate for both ( how much of a producers revenue comes from subsidies ) is at about 19 % and 7 % respectively , while russia 's is at about 14 % . 
  countries like norway , south korea , japan , and switzerland are at about 50 % . 
  even many poorer countries subsidise more heavily such as indonesia at 21 %, 
  except that 's not my position , my position is that the level of immigration is fine as it is . 
  i 'm against increasing and decreasing it . 
  had you tagged as such long ago . 
  if it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck ... 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  the georgians elected a pro russian president and it 's only been 6 years since the war . 
  typically racist prattle from a typical racist . 
  yes , all the resource exploitation , slave holding , killings and rapings , artificial border drawings based in colonial lines that still cause problems to this day ... 
  that 's not an irony given my parents came to australia less than forty years ago and that i recognise the great debt and responsibility we have to the aborigines . 
  sweden had colonies and dealt in slaves . 
  fortunately i have two . 
  60 years ago is really comparable to 1000 years ago . 
  you 've got me , my point is undone !, 
  not necessarily . 
  they have a long standing policy of non-interference in other countries ( however much they follow that in practice with their neighbours ) , and so whilst they may care , they 'll still abstain . 
  they do have vast farmland investments in ukraine , yknow . 
  you 've never heard of agenda setting ? 
  you do n't think you benefit because of the pasts colonisation , whilst those countries continue to suffer ? 
  your point is moronic . 
  given the source , that 's unsurprising . 
  you 're comparing completely different things with britain ... you 're an idiot , and it 's no wonder i had you tagged as racist from before, 
  find me a country where immigrants are n't . 
  as to do n't lie , they can certainly be used to mislead . 
  lies , damn lies , and statistics . 
  have you lived there ? 
  learnt swedish ? 
  learnt the intricacies of their immigration policy to even a basic level ? 
  it 's easy to go off of what the xenophobes and racists portray the swedish immigration policy , but as someone that 's actually lived in malmo and been to rosengard many times , the image portrayed by the bigots is considerably far from the reality . 
  sweden does n't have an insane immigration policy . 
  please , no . 
  i think the biggest problem is that putin is just having too much fun , playing at grand strategy . 
  gazprom alone provides 20 % of state revenue to russia . 
  removing russia from the g20 , a unified energy market so that each country does n't negotiate individually for russian gas , dissolving the russia-nato partnership and intimating to putin and his closest circle that they can get all of it back by pulling out of ukraine . 
  there are many things that can be done outside of hard economic sanctions . 
  the criticisms that not enough is being done is n't levelled at nato , but at the unified eu response which is being dragged down by france , germany , and the uk . 
  estonia does n't heat their houses with russian gas , but with estonian shale . 
  i can only presume you 're russian estonian because the way you frame the argument is so far from mainstream european thought it could only come from russiatoday . 
  what i said is that there are many ways to punish russia for what it is doing beyond imposing sanctions , there are a considerable number of policy instruments available , and your way of reframing the debate is completely fucked up . 
  how you gon na stop them ? 
  it 's not about whether russia can afford to , but if putin thinks he can get away with it . 
  the lack of response over crimea , and now donetsk , despite western assurances and the lack of a strong western response indicates to them that they can .
