  my advice to you would be to read a great deal more . 
  technically , i do n't believe they 're charging for the water itself , but rather for the service of bringing it to your doorstep . 
  undemocratic ? 
  how ? 
  this seems to be an accusation people throw around with barely a thought . 
  could be almost any city in europe . 
  prague , krakow , amsterdam , london ... 
  germany has been borrowing at record lows . 
  they can take out a trillion dollars in bonds over the next five years and barely make a dent in their interest rate . 
  europe is n't ready . 
  maybe * maybe * in fifty years . 
  but not now . 
  i literally linked to source documents on this . 
  again , you 're not even bothering to read what i present you , and hence i have no interest in continuing this discussion any further . 
  i should n't have to hold your hand for this . 
  actually , i did give an example for germany , which leads me to the conclusion that maybe you did n't actually read the post i linked to . 
  the uk has never lost a challenge , and i have n't studied any instances where france has been challenged in isds . 
   so , if you do n't trust these states to be able to reasonable protect corporations why do you expect them respect the treaty ? 
  because if they do n't respect the treaty , there will be serious consequences in terms of sanctions , let alone internally in the eu . 
  as i said , maybe it does n't happen in the netherlands , but it does happen in other eu countries and in the us . 
  hence why such processes as isds exist , and why part of the negotiating mandate given to the eu by the member states was * unanimous agreement for inclusion of isds * . 
  yes , including by the dutch government . 
   any change in the legislation would be unjustly treatment . 
  again , this is simply incorrect . 
  isds has been around for more than 60 years , including in more than 1400 treaties involving eu countries . 
  these countries still create legislation , they still manage to effectively regulate and protect their citizens . 
   i call it investment risk one of the purposes of this treaty is to remove invesment risk , hence why it 's called the transatlantic trade and * investment * partnership . 
  no it does n't , it has no powers to prevent or annul any legislation . 
  it only provides for compensation to the company if it is treated unjustly ( this is simplified , for a more exact answer see [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/truereddit/comments/2srn0u/trade_secrets_why_will_no_one_answer_the_obvious/cnsffwo ), 
   in many countries treaties supersede the laws and constitution of that country this is simply incorrect . 
  second , nothing about isds allows it to invalidate a law . 
  it only provides for monetary compensation for the aggrieved party . 
  i wrote about it [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/truereddit/comments/2srn0u/trade_secrets_why_will_no_one_answer_the_obvious/cnsffwo ) , maybe that will give you some clue . 
  but if the netherlands really is n't going to make any such actions then i do n't see what the netherlands has to worry about . 
  rather , this is more for european companies when the us implements `` buy american '' , or if hungarian courts are a bit dodgy . 
  it will mean that dutch companies can sue when they 're discriminated against in america . 
  it can only be a net benefit . 
  nothing about isds allows a company to invalidate a national law . 
  you 're using ` free-marketeer ' in a very loaded way that i simply do not subscribe to . 
  the whole point of this agreement is to * increase investment * , not keep it at the same level . 
  that 's why ` non-regulatory solutions ' are useless here . 
   also democracy is , more or less , a tyranny of the majority . 
  do n't like it ? 
  well it sure is a lot better than oligarchy . 
  here , at least , the majority get their will to some extent . 
  in an oligarchy only the rich elites gets their will . 
  no it 's not , we live in * liberal democracies * . 
  where the state should not infringe without very good reason to . 
   i stand by my initial comment . 
  a state should - with impunity - be able to nationalize any corporation within its domain at any time . 
  any compensation should be given at the sole discretion of said state . 
  well i disagree with this , but it is an ideological point and hence moot . 
  but consider this - a corporation is n't just a faceless entity , it 's actually just a name for a group of owners . 
  those owners may be rich people , or ` mega banks ' ( to use a bullshit loaded phrase ) , but far more often than not it also means mum and dad investors , or retirement accounts . 
  if you nationalize those without fair recompense , you 're stealing from those people . 
   stop claiming he said things he did n't say . 
  we can all read his comment so lying about what he said is pathetic . 
  are you mad ? 
  let me quote it for you . 
   discrimination can not take place against entities that have no rights and should have none . 
  a corporation is one such entity in my view . 
  if you 're so idealogical blind that you ca n't even see it there , i have no further interest in having a discussion with you . 
  you blindly skip over what he wrote to jump at the chance to attack what i did . 
  my ex was from skane and i lived in sweden for a few years . 
  you learn to make fun of your such people rather quickly, 
  you 're saying corporations should have no rights , such as protection against expropriation ? 
  why the fuck would anyone invest here then ? 
  you 're also not advocating for democracy , you 're calling for the tyranny of the majority . 
  that you find it acceptable to discriminate against foreign companies purely for the fact that they are foreign is reprehensible . 
  your talk of the power of the state being wielded use what makes your post one off both state absolutism , and tyranny of the majority . 
  like magic . 
  better out , than in . 
  if only there were a way to disable the ` other links ' button at the top . 
  i got banned for pointing out , in a non confrontational manner , that one of the mods is a self described racist . 
  they delete ` abusive comments ' of people that point out that what someone said is racist or homophobic , but are fine keeping ` we should kill that tranny nigger jew ' . 
  sometimes i do n't have the energy to argue against the / r/european regulars , who do n't really argue , they just throw out talking points , so i 'm glad you 're around too . 
  keep up the good work !, 
  you actually want scania back ? 
  from my reading , it was roosevelt that fucked it up by not showing a united front with the uk, 
  i have reddit gold , you can just say / u/savannajeff and i 'm there !, 
  that 's only if you presume that state power is an implicit good . 
  there are many areas where we find that we should n't have state power , and i for one am in favour of one of those areas being the arbitrary discrimination against foreign investors . 
  it strikes me that one of the reasons , perhaps that people are so dismissive of the actions is because the people from those countries never had such actions taken against them . 
  when did they try and destroy german culture ? 
  french culture ? 
  english culture ? 
  but a country like poland has had people trying to exterminate its culture since the beginning of nationalism . 
  paradox has stated that they 're not thinking about doing a victoria 3 because they ca n't think of any ways to really improve on 2 . 
  i just read through the first pdf , which detailed the deliberate nature of soviet cruelty , particularly with respect to children in the camps and the lack of food . 
  horrifying stuff . 
  nah , it went deeper than that , though i have had similar experiences myself with israeli tourists, 
  yeah , except the molotov-ribbentrop pact was an explicit agreement to carve up poland before the commencement of the war . 
  what happened in czechoslovakia was completely different . 
  have you even read the budapest memorandum ? 
  the memorandum included security assurances against threats or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of ukraine . 
  obviously russia has n't outright stated that it 's attacking ukraine , and has at every stage basically denied it . 
  it has n't de jure violated the treaty , though de facto it had . 
  regardless , the mutual defence treaties with poland carried hard requirements for each of the countries , namely the commencement of military operations within a matter of days . 
  the budapest memorandum contains nothing of the sort . 
  if you 're going to argue , at least know what you 're arguing about .
