  civic nationalism is the kind of nationalism in the immigrant countries , like canada , america , australia , new zealand , etc. 
  where people form around a common cultural identity , a way of life , and not based on where your ancestors were born and if your ` blood is australian enough ' or what have you . 
  yeah , that was super weird in the baltics . 
  i have a bunch of lithuanian and estonian friends ( not latvians , for some reason ... ) , and whenever we met outside of those countries then they had no problems with other nationalities , even russians . 
  but whenever i visited them back in their home countries , it was like there was a suspicion of foreigners about them , subtle and muted , but noticeably there . 
  the same people that could happily live out of their home countries for years on end . 
  yeah , they 're pleasant and comfortable and great for living in in your middle ages , but just so * boring * !, 
  give me the chaos and exuberance of vitoria , or the interesting and varied cafes/pubs of krakow that have such great atmosphere . 
  environmental sustainability , single payment scheme ( simplified version : giving a basic income to farming families ) , and land off-sets as in the us . 
  well , except for the japanese . 
  that does n't matter to the fisherman who 's about to go broke and become unemployed after being forced to sell his fishing boat and equipment because he ca n't keep up payments . 
  for people to get to the kind of qualifications where they 're considered for board membership , they have to get to upper management positions in a company , though of course not necessarily that company . 
  that 's where ( most ) of them learn what they need about how large companies operate to be considered . 
  women , traditionally , have n't been in those positions , they 're just starting to get there now , and they 're not there in great numbers . 
  more women need to be currently mentored to get to those positions so they can get to the boardroom . 
  you 're agreeing with everything i said . 
  i 'm not against the quota . 
  that 's literally the first line . 
  as for turmoil , i meant if tomorrow they say any new hires have to be women , then they wo n't have had enough time to be mentored by senior colleagues in how the company operates at that level , so it requires time to build up to that level . 
  ehm , under the new agreement it 's being phased between 2015-2019 , the earlier the better according to them . 
  that means that , technically , the uk could implement it immediately and monitor , preserving fish stocks . 
  you 're complaining about something that has literally just been fixed !, 
  i 'm not against , but i think the policy has to be formulated carefully . 
  first , i 'd have it in a gradual phase in approach , say a fifteen year period to build up to 40 % so as not to cause too much turmoil . 
  then i 'd keep it at that level for another fifteen years , and then i 'd scrap it . 
  i 'd also get rid of the gendered language too . 
  once those cultural elements are broken ( after thirty years ) , remove the legislation so that companies have the flexibility to be able to pick the best candidates , regardless of sex . 
  it 's undeniable that there are social , though not malign , forces at work . 
  corporate cultures exist where people get promoted through being mentored by a senior colleague . 
  as it stands , since historically men have been in the upper echelons of management , and they were brought up that way , they too have a tendency to favour men over women . 
  breaking that kind of culture through legislation now is the better alternative than waiting a hundred years for it to happen naturally . 
  it 's not that they 're strictly against , it 's more nuanced than that . 
  it 's fisheries , consumer/market forces , and national governments that are both for and against . 
  in 2011 ( or was it 2009 ? 
  ) , fisheries were making net losses of about 5 % if you counted out subsdization . 
  strictly enforcing the limits , whilst phasing out discarding , would mean that margin would widen significantly , so fishing workers are worried about their present livelihoods . 
  of course , in ten years the situation may be worse with fewer fish to catch , but at least they can put food on their tables now . 
  consumers have a taste for fish such as tuna , salmon , et cetera , so a reduction in quotas plus a ban on discarding would lead to much higher prices for those fish , pissing them off . 
  of course , depopulated fish stocks would lead to that eventually anyway , but the demand is there regardless . 
  and national governments are in a process of distributive ( rather than integrative ) bargaining , meaning they know that each other country is going to try and get the maximum allowable quota for their own country , so they 're going to do that for theirs . 
  this leads to every country going for high numbers , regardless of whether or not it depopulates fish stocks . 
  and of course , they do n't want rising unemployment through fisheries bankruptcies . 
  it 's a balancing act between all those forces . 
  it was sharks too , until you started burying the damn things to hide them and they could n't find any more . 
  well , you 're free to leave the eu if you want . 
  or you can campaign to devolve the cfp to national governments again ( though i think that would just lead to worse outcomes ) . 
  or you could campaign within the eu to fix whatever issues you have with it . 
  the possibilities are limitless !, 
  before we begin , i 'd just like to state that it 's highly amusing to me that someone who hates the eu and who has never read the reforms in question , and knows little about their state previously , if anything , can claim to be such an authority on the subject , rather than - say - the eus fishing commissioner and her team that spends their life on this stuff and who have been trying to hammer out a deal for so long . 
  i 'm not saying they ca n't get things wrong . 
  i 'm saying they know far better than you on the subject and have hammered out the best feasible arrangement for the situation . 
  but you know better than them right ? 
  cue incoming rant about the eu and how it 's always been terrible ...  really , because here we have you arguing there 's nothing the eu can do to enforce it even though they 've proposed reforms , which you brought up , and the top comment is about how the eu has bought and paid for patrol boats which are going unused , that corruption is rife , and is offering a q&a . 
  first , i 'm arguing that it takes a while to implement because it 's * complicated * . 
  66,000 km of coastline , hundreds of fishing towns , thousands of officials , of companies , tens of thousands of boats , 28 member states , et cetera . 
  but you think perfection comes straight away . 
  secondly , the top comment is about a talk given around the time these reforms were announced , so it 's a big disingenuous to use that as an example of how the new reforms are a failure . 
  but then , you 've long been a dishonest chap who has had no problems of dealing with half-truths , outright lies , and disinformation . 
   and other fishermen will want it to be enforced and will self-enforce you really do believe in utopias if you think that 's likely . 
  i 'm literally talking about dumping at sea . 
  they dump the less commercial fish , they harvest en masse the more commercial fish . 
  that affects the market price . 
  yes , that 's what i said . 
  but it affects market price by making fish * cheaper * . 
  simple supply and demand . 
  why you think that 's market manipulation is beyond me . 
  in fact , i imagine it 's beyond you as well . 
   to be fair you came clearly defending the cfp , or offsetting some of accusations , and so far you 've succeeded in describing its ineptitude and inability to reform . 
  no , i 've been trying to explain in terms a simpleton could understand that policies like this are huge and insanely complicated , and your bullshit dismissal of all they 've achieved , not to mention your ridiculously simplistic solution on how to fix it , is the mark of a populist moron . 
  oh wobblewagon . 
  once more we see you talking about subjects that you 're completely ignorant about , as if you were a supreme authority on all things eu , rather than the tiresome ignorant windbag you are . 
   it 's not calling for a perfect government or utopia ... it 's saying that not dumping fish is n't that complicated !, 
  sure , that part is n't complicated . 
  drafting regulatory frameworks , enforcement mechanisms that are acceptable to all parties , et cetera , then seeing it implemented and tweaked as it goes down the hierarchy and mangled by national and regional governments that have a vested interest in not changing how they operate is the part where it just * starts * to get complicated . 
  but no , you think in ridiculous utopian notions of government where a simple policy is implemented the second someone has had the slightest whiff of a semblance of an idea about the policy in question , and that policy appears perfectly formed in all its majestic glory . 
   oh they most certainly could , for a start they could pull subsidy , they could also because in any other industry dumping fish would be seen as market manipulation , but thank you for indirectly admitting that reforms are never going to add up to anything . 
  it has nothing to do with market manipulation . 
  it 's not dumping in the sense of selling below cost on markets , which is what you were erroneously referring to . 
  it 's throwing off the boat those fish that are n't worth as much on the market ( the cheaper , crappier , less popular fish ) , going out , catching more fish and keeping just the prize ones like salmon . 
  but it 's ok , i think we established more than a year ago that you talk out your arse , so i 'll forgive you for this slip up as well . 
   what the eu really could do is throw the responsibility of fishing policy back to the member states because when countries are responsible for their own fishing stocks its the fishermen that want to protect their livelihood . 
  ah yes , the tragedy of the commons only exists in supranational affairs , not national !, 
  everyone knows that !, 
   you want a cfp but then are quick to identify that there 'll be no real change and the eu ca n't really do anything nowhere did i say that . 
  what i implied was that the reason implementation takes so long is because they have to deal with intractable stakeholders that got used to the prior system . 
  ` waa , waa , waa , government is n't perfect and it should be !, 
  why ca n't we just have a utopia now !? ' . 
  you know who that is ? 
  it 's you . 
  but on a more serious note , as for why it 's on such a timetable , i studied the cap , not the cfp . 
  but , as with much of this kind of policy development , i imagine the time will be spent dealing with the minutiae of the agreement . 
  you ca n't just come up with a whole regulatory framework overnight , not to mention you need to give fisheries time to adjust to the changes . 
  it 's fucking easy to talk about how things should be . 
  it 's another thing implementing it over 66,000 km of coastline , let alone out at sea . 
   it 's simple . 
  a man with a clipboard stands on the dock as the boats come in and tells them that in future if a catch is dumped wholesale and they 're caught then they lose the boat . 
  the price of fish will reflect the change in market and the genuine fishermen will be just fine . 
  many of the fishermen even call for the ban themselves . 
  it literally could be done by the start of next week , but instead the reformers kick it into the never-never . 
  the eu does n't have the power to demand that .
