  funnily enough , estonia is set to benefit the most from ttip according to an ecfr report . 
  plus estonia already has a bit with the us containing isds provisions . 
  but as you say , companies can act unethically ( see the pmi case against plain packaging of cigarettes in australia ) . 
  but this is an exception , not the norm . 
  this is the kind of sub that believes in ` evil corporations '' . 
  you 're going to get no traction with your absolutely reasonable , and proven correct time and time again by real life , argument . 
  the only meaningful measure when discussing the process of isds is average . 
   i believe i remember you said you did a thesis on somthing related to the cap discussing with iggelkoten . 
  that is some time ago so i may misremember . 
  that 's right . 
  but not as part of an mba . 
  i never did an mba . 
  i 'm just saddened that you decided to try and make comparisons that were n't valid in the slightest to put forward your argument , instead of actually making argument yourself . 
  you should expect the statement of claim to become public in the next few weeks , they 've only just filed them . 
  honestly , i 'm not sure how anyone thinks they can have a clear picture basically the day that this suit was filed . 
  that 's the kind of comment that adds nothing , and makes you look like an idiot, 
  on average ? 
  eight million . 
  no , just on a phone . 
  but there 's no way there 'll be a fifty billion dollar award here , like there was in the yukos case . 
  the yukos case was in be that russia lost and worth fifty billion dollars . 
  this is n't going to be bigger . 
  sorry we disagree , but it does n't warrant you calling me bizarre names . 
  the russian sanctions have basically kickstarted and turbocharged the polish cider industry . 
  maybe they should make the most of it as well ? 
  average isds case costs eight million . 
  maybe you should read the submission of claim documents , instead of this terribly biased report instead ? 
  or the mods have n't been active while this has been up , but whatever . 
  i do n't call everyone that disagrees with me far right . 
  charming . 
  i 'm not even jewish . 
  wow , really ? 
  got a link ? 
  i was also linked in this comment and was replying before it was deleted so i 'll put it here ; it 's not about hiding immigration topics . 
  it 's about getting rid of the rampant xenophobia and racism in many comment threads . 
  many of the people that comment in immigration threads * only * comment on immigrations threads in / r/europe , so you have a strong weighting towards xenophobic and racist viewpoints , especially as people get tired of encountering that - the same way they 'd get tired of encountering sexist or homophobic viewpoints . 
  i know of a large number of users , particularly those that used to post quality and indepth analyses on topics with sources , multiple paragraphs , etc , that have left because they 're tired of the far-right bastion this place has become - considerably more to the right of your mainstream european . 
  no one is talking about rescuing everyone , just the comparatively very few that get to a safe haven . 
  i honestly have n't seen any pro-immigration feelgood stories , so that would be a first . 
   probably centred around wanting highly skilled immigration and some refugees the ` some ' refugees is the issue . 
  the refugee convention was implemented for a very specific reason , namely the kind of tragedies that occured with things like the [ ms st louis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ms_st._louis ) . 
  popular opinion is what caused * more * jews to die during the second world war , as a number of countries refused to accept refugees . 
  the kind of callousness that 's shown to people 's fellow man in such threads is the kind of callousness people showed during the second world war . 
  if it were themselves and their neighbours that were fleeing war , people would love the refugee convention . 
  when it 's ` scary outsiders ' , particularly ` muslims that want to implement sharia law !!!, 
  ' , it 's less easy for that kind of common human solidarity to come forward . 
  the refugee convention was specifically implemented to prevent that kind of thing happening , and anyone that disagrees with it tacitly supports genocide and death . 
  i realise this is a strong and * deeply * unpopular opinion on this subreddit , but that 's the way it is . 
  the refugee convention is a staple of international law for good reason . 
  he said he had a british passport , so for him it would be free . 
  i love this idea , quarantining the many racist and xenophobic comments to one thread !, 
  now i know what to ignore !, 
  if you do a masters , it 's free in sweden . 
  you can have all the right economics in the world , it does n't mean shit if it ca n't pass parliament . 
  the issue varoufakis had was in thinking the crisis was about economics - it 's not , it 's about politics and what is politically feasible in each of the countries that were providing funds for a bailout . 
  just accept them for what they are - refugees . 
  just another excuse for people to bitch about refugees . 
  happens all the time in poland as well . 
  one of my fondest memories was when a stag party in krakow , just getting started , was sitting on the main square . 
  one of the guys took his shirt off because of the weather ( it was quite warm ) , and the waitress went up to him and started yelling at him to have some class , this is n't the beach and he put it back on . 
  ah yeah , that 's what i was looking for . 
  i was n't sure if it was immigration post-independence , or immigration including the annexation . 
   if they want to change something , then they have to get political , not violent . 
  and preferably in a constructive manner . 
  all they do is come there to take advantage of the generous benefits , they 're only economic migrants !, 
  kick them out , andorra for the andorrans !, 
  do the ones in the baltics count as immigrants though , or is that counting the people that came following their annexation by the soviet union ? 
  piss off with your horror scenarios , that 's not going to happen . 
  ok , apparently violence , burning down refugee camps , terrorizing people with a different skin colour and so forth is ` doing something ' and fighting for your ideals . 
  these people deserve to be arrested and put in jail , not praised by quasi-fascists like yourself . 
  they 're modern day brown shirts . 
  we live in civilized liberal-democractic societies bound by notions like rule of law , democratic participation , and the like - not beating up people you do n't think deserve to be in your country . 
  i always figured it would be you and your far-right ilk that would be carrying out a pogrom again . 
  no one is suggesting letting all of africa in , or even economic migrants in . 
  just the refugees . 
  ok , point to some proof then or shut up . 
  breeding is a term generally used to refer to animals and the like , not to humans . 
  hence , implicitly , you were referring to them as subhuman . 
  but of course , you 're someone that uses sjw seriously as an insult so you 're not the brightest person around . 
  you must be joking . 
  lost ? 
  how ? 
  that 's just not how he refugee convention , nor asylum law , works and i 'm tired of explaining this to people that have n't even bothered to read it . 
  ukip , but more blatantly bigoted with elements of the edl . 
   your numerous posts on the subject and extreme butthurt whenever it came up in the past indicate otherwise but alright . 
  show me any post , anywhere , ever , where i 've made comments about anything other than refugees when it comes to immigration . 
  no , it would . 
  i do n't give a shit about immigration policy , as long as it does n't mess with the refugee convention . 
  i guess that 's why one of my articles is from 2013 , then ? 
  good thing i did n't cite things that happened 20 years ago then , but rather much close to 10 and 5 years ago . 
  maybe they should create their own party that 's not populated with racists , xenophobes and , the far right , in that case ? 
  it 'd be fine in krakow ( i 've lived there for a few years ) i think , known plenty of gay people and have seen gay people walk down the street holding hands and stuff . 
  maybe in a smaller eastern city like rzeszow it might be worse . 
  because the last decade acts as a better barometer of what a party is like currently than the last 50 years ? 
  last decade seems reasonable . 
  do vanstern mps have a pattern over the last decade of anti social behaviour the same way that sverigedemokraterna does ? 
  i definitely think not . 
  i do n't think it 's fair to compare how one party acted in the 1950s , to how one acts today . 
  they 're the party you just have to love to hate , but yes , they 're the xenophobic party . 
  this is a party that has had non-stop controversy over how crazily racist they are .
