  pretty much everything that would make the eu more democratic requires treaty change . 
  those ` floods ' in the balkans ? 
  it 's conchita wurst !, 
  austerity was necessary , i think it 's more quibbling over the extent of the austerity imposed . 
  you said they only had guadeloupe as a colony for a year . 
  i showed you were wrong . 
  you 're mistaken about [ swedish colonies ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_overseas_colonies ) . 
  they had a part in the slave trade . 
  he 's a libertarian that does n't believe in democracy . 
  it 's safe to say he 's outside the mainstream . 
  yeah , he is . 
  no , but it has the legitimacy of the entirety of europe 's national parliaments as a result . 
  regardless , cameron was pretty much chosen that way . 
  his party picked him to be leader , not you or anyone else . 
  the commission is chosen by those we chose to head our governments , and is then confirmed by our parliament . 
  that 's better than how many executives in national governments are chosen . 
  isds provisions are in pretty much every fta/investment treaty , so this one is no different . 
  it 's a way of protecting a country from unexpected/populist legislation . 
  as to the lowered food standards , i 'm not sure what you 're referring to . 
   so please , explain to me why i should be happy about investment protection and lowering of food standards . 
  none of that is decided yet , so let 's not act as if it is . 
  dual citizen , and i live here . 
  this is my home now , i have a vested interest in what happens within the eu . 
  there is plenty of democratic influence . 
  they often have citizens consultations and the like . 
  regardless , * all * international negotiations are done in secret . 
  the only reason you care about this one , and not all the others , is because this one is more politicized . 
  regardless , there will be issues if it 's all in the open , because politics , and the business of getting reelected , matter . 
  we do n't know anything , because it 's in the process of negotiation . 
  that 's a good thing . 
  if we did know , meps would start saying they 'll never be able to vote for it , because some [ key constituent lobby group ] in their area will stop funding/voting for them . 
  the same happens on the other side . 
  all of a sudden , almost every issue involved in the negotiation is a ` no-go ' area , the negotiations end up in a quagmire where there can be no agreement , and no progress is made . 
  having meps only see the final draft mostly eliminates this problem . 
  the entire ` it 's not democratic/transparent ' enough argument is one made by people that have no knowledge or understanding of international negotiation processes . 
  we 'll have a chance to see what it is when the parliament votes on whether they want to accept it or not . 
  i 'm fine with that . 
  eurosceptic voting mostly signifies ignorance and populism . 
  i do n't find much of value in listening to either . 
  what 's wrong with the ttip ? 
  the article you link to portrays everything in the most negative slant possible . 
  take the ` cucumber ' issue , which british media loves so much . 
  what the eu did was harmonize classification systems between all the countries , where previously what was an acceptable class in one country was refused in another . 
  the kind of stuff that 's essential in a common market . 
  but where the intention and the effect of the law is in reality reasonable , british tabloids portray it as `` brussels bans cucumbers '' when instead it 's just harmonization of national schemes . 
  the fact is , the overwhelming bureaucracy that people often point to is actually one of the leanest and meanest bureaucracies on the planet . 
  this is the answer . 
  c'mon mate , you 're smarter than that . 
  the first sentence has no logical connection with the other ones . 
  sarkozy is a non-element in french politics . 
  fn has mep seats , which are not going to be enough to change french policy with respect to the eu . 
  you started off on this subreddit moderately intelligent , but over the last few weeks you 've really dug your claws into the ukip stance . 
  is n't the argument that if he did n't impose martial law , the soviets would have invaded ? 
  i mean , they made it pretty explicit with the ` brezhnev doctrine ' for prague , and which they also used in afghanistan , saying that any country that was moving away from communism would be corrected with military force . 
   each country shows itself to it 's children as some kind of the power of good in a terrible world . 
  and speaks only of glory , sometimes which does not even belong to them . 
  even within a country , this varies . 
  we used to have a history curriculum that was labelled the ` black armband ' school of thought , because it actually told students all the shitty things aussies have done to aborigines . 
  there was a highly politicized debate about whether that should be changed . 
  eventually , the party that 's currently in power changed it to one that glossed over or outright ignored all the acts in our past . 
  think about what happens if they do . 
  they start saying they 'll never be able to vote for it , because some [ key constituent lobby group ] in their area will stop funding/voting for them . 
  the same happens on the other side . 
  all of a sudden , almost every issue involved in the negotiation is a ` no-go ' area , the negotiations end up in a quagmire where there can be no agreement , and no progress is made . 
  having meps only see the final draft mostly eliminates this problem . 
  the entire ` it 's not democratic/transparent ' enough argument is one made by people that have no knowledge or understanding of international negotiation processes . 
  there are places where bureaucrats are elected ? 
  like how everyone was predicting the utoya massacre to have been committed by muslims as well , before it was discovered it was breivik ? 
  the article is ' 8 ridiculous , racist things [ ... ] ' . 
  the comma , when used in newspaper headlines like this , is there to say ridiculous and racist things , not ridiculously racist things . 
  * some * eu symbols are official . 
  but the crux of the federalist initiatives in the constitutional treaty were removed . 
  you can claim the two are the same document all you want , but that 's simply not true . 
  i can only presume you have n't read through the differences . 
  technically , every time they 're put together in the eu , gazproms position strengthens . 
  we mostly use gas in the eu for industrial and heating use , with the only gas to electricity generation being used for when solar and wind are n't strong enough to match grid demand which will always be an issue with intermittent sources , absent economic battery storage . 
   this is evidenced by all the treaties as in the uk 's case of only x1 referendum almost 40 years ago . 
  and that is then adding to the anti-democratic track-record of the eu 's rejection of the dutch , french and irish referendums over the eu constitution ( = lisbon treaty ) and the lisbon treaty ( irish again ) . 
  neither of these are a reflection on the eu , but rather on the national governments of those countries . 
  regardless , we 've argued over how the constitutional and lisbon treaties are fundamentally different in the past , despite you trying to equivocate them , but if you 'd like a refresher , it 's in the thread . 
   even to the extent of removing national governments as per the greek pm or perhaps berlusconi 's claims , or indeed the evidence that an eu/nato/soros backed coup in the ukraine led to the overthrow of a democratically elected leader or the curious case of the pro-eu selection of national governments . 
  this is also flat out wrong . 
  the eu has no power , no processes , * no ability * to remove the leader of a member state . 
  they were all kicked out by their own parties because they were no longer tenable as heads of government . 
  to conflate that , with some kind of sinister eu action of removing democratically elected governments , is flat out wrong . 
  as to ukraine , i really think you need to do some more research on that because you 've swallowed the ( incorrect ) ukip stance hook , line , and sinker , despite being if not outright wrong , then wrong in the interpretation of important events . 
   neither of what ? 
  i 'm talking about a single situation : an eu treaty being passed after being rejected by the electorate . 
  the two referrenda in france and nl . 
  they were referenda on the topic of the * constitutional treaty * , not the * lisbon treaty * . 
  they were shot down , democracy won . 
   you are saying that despite the whole constitution being offered for democratic approval , its rejection only applied to the most token , symbolic part . 
  and then that that symbolic part can be implemented despite what you claimed was the rejection of only it . 
  well , no . 
  the meat of the treaty was what was considered acceptable to all parties , it was the symbolic parts that they were against . 
  the constitutional treaty was basically a federal document - an unequivocal step forward towards a super state , including , most importantly a * constitution * . 
  the lisbon treaty , on the other hand , was an amending treaty , which enshrined that the bulk of eu dealings would remain in the hands of the member states . 
  you see the fundamental difference here ? 
  the constitutional treaty was a federal document , one that moved towards a suprastate . 
  the lisbon treaty was an amending treaty , one that continued the prior intergovernmental traditions that served to seat the majority of the power in the hands of the member states .
