  this is a * national * problem for the uk , and i know you 're a big proponent of subsidiarity everywhere else , so why not here ? 
  soros did massive amounts of currency speculation on the pound to the point that the uk could n't stay in the currency basket . 
  i think voting ukip to get out of the eu is immoral , yes . 
  you 're sending politicians that do n't bother showing up most of the time to committees they 've signed up for just for the extra pay to milk the eu for all it 's worth . 
  i know it 's your right under a democracy , i 'm not denying anything like that . 
  but if i had your position ( uk out of eu ) , i would not fuck it up for others to get what i want . 
   it is impossible to distinguish between a boycotted no-vote and an apathy no-vote . 
  if there was a national campaign to boycott the elections , which ukip could have led instead of going to the eu and taking mep paychecks , and there was a discernable drop in voter participation , it would achieve the exact same outcome . 
   i 'm not sure why you think voting for a party that you do n't like is pissing over the project . 
  the project is meant to be a democratic one , no ? 
  that means i get to vote for who i want , not just for whom you want . 
  if their issue is britain being in the eu , then they should boycott ep elections entirely . 
  such low turnouts only from britain will be a much clearer symbol of the publics rejection of the european project , and would n't be obstructionist to those from the continent that just want to get on with business . 
  you yourself have argued that sending these obstructionist politicians to the eu is meant to be a statement to national politicians . 
  when ukip meps have such shitty attendance rates ( including farage in the council 's he 's a member of to draw pay from ) , it 's an attitude of `` i do n't care if i cause indirect harm to the rest of the continent , as long as i send a message to my national politicians '' . 
  i always thought it was kinda shitty that eusceptic brits would piss all over the eu project , making it that much more difficult for continentals to take it where they want , just because their own political system is flawed . 
  but i guess when you 're backed into a corner ... 
  it 's usually some kind of nexus of sovereignty , nationalism , and isolationism , with a healthy dose of ignorance about the eu as it 's core . 
  leaving the eu means they can make their own ftas and they have their nebulous ` sovereignty ' back . 
  of what practical value this is , i do n't know as it 's pretty well established that larger markets get better outcomes in ftas than smaller ones . 
   yep . 
  russia every time . 
  anything is better than the us . 
  maybe not north korea , but that 's borderline . 
  followed by  the us has fucked with our wars twice , they have bombed property of my family , they nearly killed my grandfather . 
  well , yeah , it was annexed by germany , but the soldiers and territory that is austrian was in the war in ww2 , against america . 
  i do n't know how better to describe it than that . 
  [ you can read his comments about it here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/23nymf/poland_calls_for_eu_energy_union_akin_to_its/cgz0y2a ), 
  this is [ literally what he said ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/23nymf/poland_calls_for_eu_energy_union_akin_to_its/cgz0y2a ) . 
  eh , i do n't have a problem with it . 
  when there 's no other sleeping space , sure we 'll double up regardless of whether it 's a guy or girl . 
  i 've doubled up with another bloke on a single bed after a hard nights partying as well . 
  i think it 's largely the same with all my aussie mates , it 's not like it 's sexual so what 's the problem ? 
  / u/gingor hates america becuase they made austria lose both world wars . 
  do n't take him too seriously on foreign policy . 
  he 's actually half american , half french . 
  damn french , getting involved with ec presidential election debates !, 
  the only one that 's mentally challenged is you , who ca n't form a coherent argument to back up their claims and resorts to shitty rhetoric and insults . 
  i know who they are . 
  i just do n't see the connection to how the three of them ` got the eu in trouble ' , as opposed to profligate spending in greece , housing bubbles in ireland and spain , and so on . 
  care to tell me how they caused all of those to happen ? 
  or is it just more moronic and baseless rhetoric from you ? 
  i was churning out about 46l a week over one summer when i was living in sweden . 
  great stuff . 
  how did they do that ? 
  hey now , that 's not very nice . 
  yes , many of those that were shut down had already had their lives extended just recently prior to the disaster , and that extension was essentially rescinded . 
  and it 's true that coal power generation increased at the expense of nuclear , but much of that increase is attributable to increased use of anthracite and considerably more modern and less polluting plants that were burning lignite . 
  at the same time , a number of much more polluting and less efficient lignite plants ( mostly in the east , if i recall ) were shut down , and gas generation dropped about 10 % . 
  so whilst it 's true that germany is producing more energy from coal , it only has a negligible rise in carbon emissions as a result of that , whilst some measures even suggest that emissions from electricity generation dropped . 
  for the australian greens , it 's mostly the effects of mining and waste they care about . 
  jeez , that 's so frustrating how australian greens and european greens can be such different parties . 
  i never really liked the ` watermelon ' analogy with european greens , but i must admit it often seems apt , whereas the aussie greens are essentially free market social democrats . 
  i felt the same , but some other redditers pointed out she could be a big up-and-comer , especially with a bit more experience under her belt . 
  that 's slightly a mischaracterization . 
  most of the nuclear plants in germany were and are near the end of their life span anyway , and the anti-nuclear movement had hit such a level by the early 2000s that there was no chance that new ones would be built , or old reactors replaced . 
  secondly , the nuclear plants were n't retired immediately , a number of them are still running . 
  it has been a nuclear * phase-out * , not a nuclear shut down . 
  there are a number of legitimate problems with nuclear , though . 
  waste disposal , tailings from mining , nuclear proliferation , etc. 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not anti-nuclear myself . 
  but i do n't think we should smear them all as ` do n't understand science ' when the nuclear debate is about more than just that . 
  lol . 
  i quite liked the rapport schulz and verhofstadt had . 
  even though mostly it consisted of schulz interrupting , they still seemed to have some nice banter . 
  i do n't think zekub was making a point about ideology , but rather one about politics . 
  a french person will be more willing to take a german candidate seriously if they have the debate in english , for example , is what i think he 's trying to get at . 
  in australia , of all the issues that have been caused by o&g drilling and extraction using fracking technology , and there have been issues , none are related specifically to the use of fracking , and are rather endemic problems in oil and gas exploration . 
  stuff like casing fractures ( basically cracks in the cement ` tunnel ' they create to extract resources ) are problems that happen across all fields of o&g drilling . 
  we do n't have some of the disasters they had in america , because australia has some very good regulation . 
  we tend to have some top notch , and appropriate , regulation in general but australia has been a massive adopter of fracking for csg wells with no environmental impact caused specifically by fracking , and as a consequence were set to be one of the largest , if not the largest , lng exporter in the world in the next few years . 
  there has been a massive campaign against fracking by environmentalist groups , but it has all been on the same intellectual and technical level as a michael moore ` documentary ' . 
  that is , blatantly manipulative , distorting facts , and presenting very one-sided and biased viewpoints . 
  take ` gasland ' for example . 
  since that was released , a huge number of holes were found in the story that have been documented in many places online . 
  the fact of the matter is , the overwhelming majority of people that oppose fracking know very little about it on a technical or practical level , and are instead driven by a self-perpetuating hysteria over the issue . 
  you 're speaking to someone that has had this argument before and refuses to learn anything from it . 
  seriously , i 've seen / u/llanita get into such discussions at least a dozen times , each time throwing a hissy-fit and blaming the subreddit for being some kind of bizarre eu-cult when she 's proven wrong ... again . 
  yep , this is me to a ` t ' ( even a card-carrying member of the australian greens ) , though i 'd also add i 'm reservedly pro-fracking as well . 
  i bet you can guess how many green shindigs that gets me invited to . 
  yep . 
  i 've learnt two other languages to pretty much fluency , but i know that i ca n't express myself anywhere near as well in them as i could in english . 
  i think , in this case , it 's because the debaters did n't know what the questions would be beforehand . 
  you 're right in that there was probably more waffle than substance , but it 's a ` debate ' with four people over 90 minutes over a wide variety of topics , hard to get really substantive answers when they need to think very fast on their feet and not say something stupid . 
  i do n't think there 'll be a transcript , but you can play from the beginning of the [ youtube feed ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhafgcpexes ), 
  bizarre that we came away with such different views . 
  i found verhofstadt and schulz to be very passionate and pragmatic about the european project , and the debate in general . 
  i 'll agree that the organization was a shambles though , but it 's the first they 've ever done so it 's understandable . 
  are you kidding ? 
  the reason they 're banned is because many of their shipments ( more than 6 % ) had creatures that were n't native to europe in them . 
  european animals and insects introduced to australia had a * devastating * effect on the local environment , it 's a very good decision on behalf of the eu to ban more imports until india fixes this problem and even as per your article , they say there is a risk to a number of european crops if some of these get introduced . . 
  yeah , that was my reasoning behind creating the other one . 
  that was supposed to be a top level reply , not a reply to you sorry . 
  it was n't even that , there was just no * substance * to anything she said . 
  everything was just happy feel-good ideas , with no concrete policy or suggestions . 
   agency reports say that the ban follows a decision taken by the eu 's standing committee on plant health after 207 consignments of fruits and vegetables exported to the eu from india last year were found to be contaminated by non-european fruit flies and other pests . 
  [ source ] ( https://in.news.yahoo.com/eu-bans-indian-mangoes--4-vegetables-from-may-1-113513416.html ) . 
  as someone from australia , who understands very well the dangers of bringing in new species of animal , insect , planet , etc that ruin the local environment , i see no problem with them doing this . 
  but whatever , see this as just another way for you to bang the anti-eu drum . 
  try travelling around central asia , then come back to me about the ease of travel :p,
