  did n't know the languages beforehand , but i learnt polish pretty well , and swedish less so . 
  dutch is the most horrid language in the world . 
  young people all over europe ( with the possible exception of the three richer romance countries ) tend to speak excellent english . 
  translate doesnt work :(, 
  rycmr asked if scandinavian languages were similar to celtic . 
  the other guy started speaking about finnish . 
  finland is not in scandinavia, 
  finnish is a nordic , not scandinavian , language, 
   the un * is * completely irrelevant . 
  its a redundant organization that holds no domain over anyone of significance . 
  the sign of someone that has no fucking idea what they 're talking about when it comes to international relations . 
  the united nations is the closest thing to a world affairs ` regulator ' we have . 
  it 's the only institution with that kind of mandate and the only one that has any kind of legitimacy . 
  as to your point about fucktard a and fucktard b , fucktard a already hates the west now . 
  if we help b out , we get some influence with them for the future , we add a modicum of stability to the region and we prevent a few hundred thousand more deaths . 
  regardless of who came it on top without interfering there 'll be a bloodbath . 
  may as well have the person on top like us . 
  as to the rest i 'm on an ipad , going through a tunnel on an elevator and so ca n't be bothered responding to it right now . 
  also one of the least able to support more people , hence why i 've eased the burden by moving to europe !, 
  i even said r2p was bullshit further down the thread , and there 's certainly some considerable internet for europe in removing the dictator who is destabilising the region and in the country in which europe is trying to build a gas pipeline through to lessen their dependence on russian gas . 
  not to mention that the use of chemical weapons would necessitate a response or render the un completely irrelevant in the modern age . 
  your comment just shows that you have little understanding of what was going on in rwanda , nor an understanding of how peace can be - with strenuous effort , admittedly - be brokered . 
  you 're really going to ignore all the peace brokering ever done by any non-involved party in any conflict , ever , and end it with that simplistic ` we can just separate them for a few months and that 's it ' nonsense ? 
  are you txampions main ? 
  i was referring to your  the german populace is extremely pacifistic , which is what other countries should be as well . 
  i took that to mean that you did n't believe in intervention . 
  r2p is largely bullshit , but i believe in limited assisstance . 
  really ? 
  you think that no one should 've gotten involved in rwanda , or in srebrenice , or any other place ? 
  let them kill themselves when we can prevent it , it 's not our business , particularly after the west set up a world order that has kept them largely in positions of power over the poorer countries ? 
  that many of the post colonial borders we drew have created these tensions ? 
  the west is responsible , it can either grow the fuck up and be responsible or act like a petulant child and say ` but i do n't like it ' . 
  ruling in europe ? 
  no one country ` rules ' in europe . 
  the level of influence each country has ebbs and flows according to the times and the situation , but there are clear times when one country is a ` leader ' to the others . 
  poland with the ` eastern partnership ' , germany with economic liberalism , france with military intervention , britain with reform ... 
  i personally think it 's brilliant that there can be so many ` leaders ' , but it would be better if there was one uniting vision . 
  was n't it only recently following the nuclear shutdown that germany was forced to purchase nuclear from france ? 
  that works in national debate , in international ( or intergovernmental ) no one gives a damn . 
  sure you can . 
  but at some stage , it starts eating away at poland 's credibility in future eu negotiations . 
  i recognize that the eu has many , and grave , flaws . 
  i just realise that that 's not the fault of the eu as an institution , but rather of how it was set up - meaning the fault of national governments . 
  i believe in fixing those flaws . 
  you believe in tearing the whole thing down ( bar maybe keeping the free movement of goods and capital ) . 
  you 're seriously claiming the eu as an institution overturned referendums ? 
  you 're seriously claiming that when an mep starts talking about something completely irrelevent to the matter at hand , in contravention of the rules of the chamber , they should n't have their microphones turned off ? 
  you 're saying the meps could n't have voted no for the reason that they did n't have enough time to read it ? 
  either you have no critical thinking skills whatsoever , you 're so blinded by your petty dislike of the eu that the slightest thing that sounds bad becomes true for you . 
  as to the rest of what you wrote , that 's even worse garbage than what i 've already responded to so i wo n't even bother , but you have a very naive and completely lacking in nuance world view , my friend . 
  it does n't matter if it was removed from some un document , the point is that the concept exists and has been used in a number of areas globally . 
  do n't get me wrong , i agree that there are many societal problems with respect to the roma . 
  i just do n't think that there are any easy solutions , and even that ` hard ' solutions that exist are too terrible to seriously consider . 
  as such , i do n't really find any benefit to complaining about them as all that does is perpetuates a culture of hatred and discrimination against them . 
  aside from one of my professors in australia , i 'd never met a ` gypsy ' until i came to europe but thanks to all the warnings , complaints and talk i 'd heard about them , i was instantly wary until i thought about it . 
  i do n't think that 's a good attitude to have about tens of thousands of people i 've never gotten to know . 
  that was n't a diktat from above , that was requirements for additional loan funding . 
  greece and cyprus could have refused . 
  they did n't because that would have been worse . 
  i know you hate the eu and ca n't attribute anything good to it , but at least argue with intellectual honesty . 
  good luck regulating that . 
  not to mention that this can be considered [ cultural genocide ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cultural_genocide ) . 
  russia does n't have a foreign policy , it has a foreign personality . 
  and that personality is incoherent , self destructive and violent . 
  you 're being disingenuous . 
  monti was accepted by the italian parliament . 
  any time they wanted to , they would 've stopped agreeing to his measures . 
  there was no diktat from above , or an eu imposed government . 
  it was a caretakegovernment that was voted by the italian representatives . 
  every time a government gets into an international agreement , that agreement becomes domestic law . 
  how is this any different ? 
  what 's happening to greece is exactly what would happen to any other country that was defaulting on their loans ( they 've already had a haircut ) . 
  i 've lately been of the opinion that it 's best to take assad out now . 
  regardless of whether the rebels , or assad win , there 's going to be a bloodbath in the country afterwards . 
  some tomahawks launched at command and control centers and armories could completely destablize the syrian army and give the rebels the upper hand . 
  that would at least give the west some leverage with whichever faction comes out on top with respect to wmds , and if not then it could cause enough chaos and confusion for western and neighbouring forces to move in and secure the stockpiles ( unless the country fractures , of course , which is also quite probable ) . 
  it does n't matter who wins , it does n't seem like the country should have chemical weapons any more . 
  it would be a costly intervention . 
  everyone should learn english . 
  there 's a world of difference ` nazi ss ' marches which is what was in the tweet , and waffen ss marches . 
  secondly , as het clarified , there are a great deal of ss ** and ** neo nazi marches in latvia which was what the tweet was referencing , not in estonia . 
  many/most were conscripted and as i recall were n't involved in the atrocities . 
  as to the ethnic cleansing , that was done by partisans . 
  again , if i recall correctly , it 's been a while since i looked into it . 
  but just because they had the label ` waffen ss ' does n't mean they were nazis that performed genocide . 
  waiting to see how / r/europes resident racist and cultural supremacists like / u/cainefaraday spin this one . 
  yes , but they 're not testaments to nazi ideology , they 're marches for the soldiers . 
  the baltic ss divisions were determined by the nuremberg trials to have no ideological taint , they were just soldiers , of which many were conscripted . 
  they 're already losing that monopoly to lng and shale , amidst other sources . 
  norway has overtaken russia as the eu 's biggest gas supplier , the eus gas demand has been dropping for some time now , and volume of russian gas exported to the eu has been dropping since 2005 . 
  syria , frankly , is n't going to change that much . 
  the days of russian gas are fast coming to an end . 
   without syria russia/china loses the monopoly of gas and the entire russian economy can fail , russia/putin might go into full scale war if this escalates . 
  care to clarify this ? 
  you mean the gas within syria ? 
  it 's his gutfeeling . 
  how can you make such good posts about the sunni-shia thing , and then come up with this garbage ? 
  it does n't seem that they 're putting boots on the ground , just a few tomahawk strikes and maybe some air superiority . 
  no way !, 
  which poor people would we get to pick our agriculture for us if its not you guys ?
