it 's a bit extreme , but i kinda agree with sikorski . 
  it was literally erected by stalin as a monument to communism , and bore his name until prl stopped existing . 
  again , there 's little to preserve in the actual center of the city , since it 's almost all soviet-era buildings . 
  most other cities have old buildings , so skyscrapers will ruin the skyline made by those . 
  it 's especially frustrating if you understand the original language well ( as i do with english ) , since the original sound is played under the voice over . 
  sometimes its clear that they got lazy with the translation . 
  everything in poland is voiced over by one male talking in a monotone . 
  i 'd take anything else over that . 
   should n't it be the job of the media to make up for people 's limited time and see to it that they 're properly informed ? 
  `` it is a newspaper 's duty to print the news and raise hell '' - the chicago times , 1861, 
   plus obama came out of the senate whereas hillary does n't have nearly as many close ties with congress . 
  clinton was a us senator for four years before obama was elected to the position ... 
  they are beautiful to you , and as you say , you are an outsider . 
  to many people in eastern europe , communism was terrible . 
  i ca n't speak for ukraine as i do not know the general sentiment there , but i know that in poland , a lot of people would never want the reminder . 
  the statues are history , yes . 
  but the statues also represent far more than history for some people , especially those who lived in communist times . 
  they were erected as an honor to a political and ideological figure . 
  latin is certainly spoken in the vatican , but not as a minority language . 
  in polish , we technically have separate words for holland and the netherlands . 
  even so , we use the word for holland for both to an extent that i do n't know how many people would actually know what i was talking about if i used the actual word for the netherlands . 
  it was merely a pharmacy . 
  the warsaw uprising was done partly to make it easier for the russians to enter the city . 
  what did the reds do ? 
  they sat outside the city on their asses and watched our people die . 
  if you think that the russians did good for poland , you are wrong . 
  the only `` sacrifice '' the red army made was made for themselves , not for poland . 
  glorifying them because they were the slightly lesser of two evils is sick . 
  in case you did n't notice , your pet stalin in his regime killed more people than germany did in the war . 
   btw , can everyone agree that the nobel committee fucked up on this one ? 
  people have n't agreed on this yet ? 
  he never deserved the thing in the first place . 
   it should however make them ponder their positions . 
  fifa policy is that governmental actions should not interfere with a country 's ability to play football . 
  football is entertainment for all the citizens of a country . 
  i know this is an extreme comparison , but would you punish all americans for the unjust war in iraq ? 
  the only reason israel is a part of uefa is because there are at least 15 arab / muslim countries which they would play against in the afc . 
  each of these games would be at high risk for riots , clashes between fans , and even terrorist attacks . 
  i believe they are interchangable . 
  also , i added some information in the original post . 
  i 'm biased , but i would recommend a trip to prague for a few days and then continue on to krakow . 
  there 's a lot to see in and around both cities . 
  both cities can get hot , but it 's likely you 'll have mid to low twenties ( centigrade , of course ) . 
  prague is a beautiful city to walk around in . 
  charles bridge and hradcany ( castle district ) are particularly nice . 
  if you go by car and not train , you could stop at cesky krumlov castle on the way to prague . 
  in krakow , wawel castle and the underground museum in rynek ( main square ) are very nice . 
  just outside the city is the wieliczka salt mine , which can be expensive ( 73 zl = ~ 17 eur ) , but is well worth the money . 
  tours are available every half-hour in english and three times a day in german . 
  op posted a screenshot of the article so that we could read it . 
  and a language is dead when its last native speaker passes away . 
  i guess i can now say `` down * you * go '' . 
  i was wondering about that - the german-speaking part of switzerland is n't * that * large , is it ? 
  i still do n't think that comparing it to a state is fair . 
  finland needs to worry about foreign relations and trade , and overall will be much more difficult to run than a state . 
  and in education , finland is vastly superior to the us . 
  the sat is a total joke , so using it as a medium to compare south dakota with other places is ridiculous . 
  in fact , this using standardized tests to gauge education quality is the reason america is so far behind educationally . 
  no , he meant county . 
  he specifically said that there are many counties in the us that are better run than finland . 
   and there are hundreds of counties in the us, 
  well , you 're a bunch of socialist atheist liberal anti-american communists , so clearly , you do !, 
  the article is surprisingly good . 
  some of the comments though ...  i like finland . 
  and it is one of the best run countries in europe . 
   but if you want to compare finland to the us it would be a county . 
  and there are hundreds of counties in the us that are better run than finland . 
  or take a few states for example . 
  the dakotas , like finland , are sparsely populated , homogenous , rich in natural resources relative to population . 
  oh and they have great educational results - very high sat scores despite spending half as much per student as the wealthier american east coast states ( and less per student than finland ) . 
  i ca n't even ... 
  that site looks wonderful . 
  any sausages you 'd suggest in particular ? 
  i live in the south , so genuine polish food is a rarity . 
  there 's a polish store three hours from where i live , so getting something from there only happens around holidays . 
  we used to have a very good german meat market run by an elderly immigrant couple which sold all sorts of authentic german sausages and other meats and had some other german / polish / general european things . 
  we 'd go there at least once a week . 
  unfortunately , they sold the business a while ago , and while it 's still around , it 's no where near as good . 
  there 's also a german / japanese / caribbean ( do n't even ask ) store which sells things like jams , chocolates , and some refrigerated or frozen foods . 
  no meat or bread , though . 
  nothing resembles kie\u0142basa ( although there are some horribly salty and processed attempts at it ) . 
  the best sausage we have near me is called bratwurst , and it 's delicious if made correctly , but is n't the authentic german bratwurst . 
  hah , the situation 's not that bad . 
  there 's one store near me that does have decent bread , but still nothing which compares to the average european bakery . 
  also , time . 
  there are two where i live , but both are annoyingly out of the way . 
  it is decent when i get to it , but there 's a fresh market with better bread closer to my usual route . 
  i 'm going to poland for a while soon though , so i 'll get my bread fix . 
  and here i am , living in a small city in america , with no good bread in sight . 
  and potato reserves are rotted from moist . 
  no potato . 
  back to suffering . 
  so , tl ; dr : pepper spray = automatic firearms the fuck ... 
   i would argue that most eurozone countries currently suffering might suffer more if they formed independent currencies . 
  while that 's true , a country having more direct control over its currency may allow the country to alleviate the economic downturn . 
  poland 's economy is still growing , largely because we could devaluate . 
  had we been in the eurozone , we would be in a much worse situation . 
  i would think that ukip is less far-right than fn . 
  so brave . 
  i see .
