  i 've lived in the us for most of my life , but go back to poland almost yearly for a month or two . 
  does vat for you go to pay for healthcare / education / other things like that ? 
  is n't vat on alcohol extremely high in the nordic countries ? 
  i 'm no economist , but i 'd like to provide poland as an example of my opposition to the euro . 
  poland 's economy may not be doing well , but we have n't stopped growing , merely slowed . 
  the reason for this is that we were able to devalue our currency - something that euro-zone countries ca n't do . 
  a country like poland has little influence over what may be happening in countries like greece and spain , and while we have our own problems the government has caused , they 're more manageable when our currency is n't so closely tied with the governments of other countries . 
  we should tell greece that unless they fix the crisis , we will give over running of the country to a coalition of morsi , putin , and berlusconi . 
  they wo n't have debt by next week . 
  nuclear weapons = / = nuclear power . 
  yes . 
  hungary big . 
  i have to say that i prefer burek without meat . 
  spot on . 
  i live in the us , and a two years ago did some cost of living calculations for a class . 
  someone working full time and minimum wage where i live will have difficulty paying for an apartment , a car ( which is an absolute necessity here ) , food , and other needs . 
  i do n't even live in a big city , so cost of living is low compared to somewhere like new york , washington , or even atlanta . 
  you anti-antarctican racist . 
  i emigrated at a young age , and so have never taken a polish class . 
  whenever i go back , i 'm told that i have good grammar and that i have no accent , even though i think my grammar is not up to standard . 
  ^ ( yes , i know you 're from the netherlands . ), 
  i 've not been to munich , but there are very likely lots of trains to various cities in europe there , as it is a large city . 
  prague and vienna are both close by and are beautiful cities . 
  there are a lot of other , smaller places around prague which are really interesting . 
  for a longer weekend , berlin , venice , and krakow are all great choices . 
  berlin is one of my favorite cities - there 's so much to see . 
  the same goes for venice , although you may want to stay on the mainland as i can imagine a hotel in the city proper would be expensive ( i ca n't tell you , as i stayed in a rectory when i was there ) . 
  krakow is also extremely interesting . 
  the city centre is filled with lots of interesting stores and museums . 
  wawel castle also has enough exhibits to keep you there for a full day . 
  the city is also near the mountains , so there 's hiking if you want . 
  ojcow national park is north of the city and an incredible sight to behold . 
  a little farther away to the south is [ szyndzielnia ] ( http://www.kolej-szyndzielnia.pl/ ) , a mountain which you can ride up to an assortment of trails . 
  i 've had lots of fun there with family . 
  just outside krakow is the wieliczka salt mine , which is remarkably well preserved and has a lot of sculpture in the salt rock . 
  it 's on the pricey side , but certainly worth it . 
  also , people have probably told you this , but take someone with you if you do n't speak the language to keep in a group . 
  they do n't even need to know the language . 
  it 's just safer . 
  the idea that the one government can govern places as vastly different as poland , sweden , and spain is laughable . 
  it 's not even that . 
  the reason people are upset is that the meat most likely came from horses which are not meant for consumption and may have harmful chemicals in small amounts . 
  calling anyone far-right or far-left is pointless . 
  there are many different left and right positions , and many are not mutually exclusive . 
  why is it that when i mouse over your angolan flag , it is labeled as antarctica ? 
   who gets the most votes has a guaranteed majority , while the remaining seats are divided according to votes . 
  this is idiotic . 
  looking at the results now , bersani 's coalition has 345 , while berlusconi 's has 125 , though the two were separated by less than a percentage point . 
  the senate makes more sense . 
  could you explain how elections in italy work for the senate and the camera ? 
  i have n't been able to devote much time to finding out lately . 
  he 's a comedian masquerading as a politician . 
  chances are that he 's clueless enough that he 'll grind the government to a screeching halt whether he wants to or not . 
  apparently , not everyone knows they wo n't work ... 
  i visited family in the countryside a while ago . 
  the boar pasztet they had was absolutely phenomenal . 
  the difference between the mannerisms of a pole and a german will be greater than the difference between someone from the south and someone from colorado . 
  i 'm sorry , but i seriously do n't see the differences in america being comparable to those in europe . 
  i disagree strongly . 
  there 's a much greater difference between european countries than there is between american states . 
  and i 've lived in the us for 15 years . 
  because the only people on earth to eat gulasz are hungarians . 
  as someone who has lived in the us for 15 years , they generally are not too bad . 
  i 'd assume that the skateboarder was going with traffic . 
  technically , you should always walk in the direction against the traffic , so that you do n't get sneaked up on by a car . 
  still does n't even begin to justify beating a kid . 
  germany has the same rule and are the third best league in europe ... 
   take a bus ride in any polish city . 
  i 've spent large amounts of time in three cities in different parts of the country , and while there are certainly expletives , they are certainly not heard as often as you seem to be intent on saying . 
   i find it quite pathetic how poles decided to dumb down their language by fillers like that . 
  except they do n't . 
  just read this now . 
  i 've fortunately never been in a situation where i 've considered it . 
  people have said worse things to me . 
  thanks very much for looking out , though . 
  finland : 12 kg coffee / person . 
  good lord , you people do like your beverages strong . 
  latvia and lithuania are eastern , but estonia is northern . 
  ( and poland is central with czech , hungary , and slovakia ), 
  southeastern portugal 's border moves a little to the east . 
  see [ this map ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:eu-portugal_with_islands_circled.svg ) for comparison . 
  macedonia , slovenia , hungary , albania , and lithuania also do not . 
  speaking of ukraine and poland , lwow has something to say ... 
  po is less conservative than pis , but calling them socially liberal may be a stretch . 
  i really would n't call po liberal . 
  mabye center left , but center right is probably the most accurate definition . 
  we really have two conservative parties ( pis more than po ) , a very socially liberal party ( palikot 's movement ) , and a socialist party ( democratic left alliance ) . 
  exactly . 
  gun control is like putting out a kitchen fire when an oil depot is about to burst into flames . 
  there are much larger problems in our society , but it seems we 've become so used to them that we ignore them . 
  i like the point you make . 
  i honestly do n't think we need to ban guns here in the us ( crest says poland as i have dual-citizenship ) , but make them more controlled . 
  psychological evaluations repeated every five years , mandatory training every year . 
  guns should be kept in a gun safe and out of households where there is a mentally unstable person . 
  honestly , some of the most pro-gun people i know would offer to take a stranger out to teach them how to safely operate a gun . 
  i 'm not necessarily defending depardieu . 
  let 's say that i develop a major medical breakthrough . 
  i make this new technology available to people , but i ask for a sum of money in return for it . 
  i have spent years in school and in the laboratory working on this breakthrough . 
  why should i have to pay more in taxes because i have more income ?
