  unless there would be a massive disinformation campaign like there was in the uk , there 's absolutely no chance for a german leave vote to win . 
  even the far right parties in germany afaik never expressed a desire to just outright leave the eu , they 're just against the euro currency , and some are against nato . 
  yep , [ 96 % want to stay in . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/ng-interactive/2016/jun/23/eu-referendum-live-results-and-analysis ), 
   the belief that i 'd rather be influenced to a greater extent by german values than by american ones , despite their horrific past , or perhaps because of it , they seem to be a fairly enlightened people for the most part and the keepers of a culture that often protects civilians from the rapacity of international corporations . 
  did you even read the post you responded to or did their flair just trigger an immediate knee-jerk reaction ? 
  you 'd probably buy your gun in a state like texas and use it to rob people in a state like california . 
   or dunno , they can move to germany i imagine most of those polish living in the uk specifically went there because they speak english , but not german . 
  those who work jobs for which knowing the local language is secondary are probably here already ( because it 's much closer and everything . ), 
  this is just a hunch though , feel free to correct me . 
  i think he 's referring to the accentuation . 
  in proper french the accent is on the first syllable , but germans stress the second . 
  the primary idea behind such an island is to stop people drowning in the mediterranean . 
  people need to get the impression that it 's nearly impossible to reach europe by a rackety boat , so they do n't even try . 
  back home in bavaria it 's tradition to knock her up before you put a ring on her , to make sure beforehand that fertility problems do n't ruin the marriage down the line . 
  people would often merely be engaged , but not yet married , when the first child is born . 
  i imagine it might be similar in some other `` dark '' areas on that map . 
  you understood everything perfectly . 
  wagenknecht stated a while ago that germany can not accept refugees indefinitely and that there needs to be an upper limit , the cake thrower literally ( and i really mean it when i say * literally * ) thinks that makes her a neo-nazi . 
  in this day and age you can build basements everywhere , it 's just more involved with a high water table . 
  but since we already established that americans prefer to scrimp on building materials i 'm not surprised at all they would n't go for this option . 
  i imagine the water-proof basement would be several times more expensive than the wooden frame and drywall house on top . 
   then i had a maestro card , just for a few months , and that one worked . 
  that 's the only type of card your average german uses . 
  many people do n't even own what you call a `` normal '' bank card , maestro / ec is what 's considered `` normal '' here . 
  no , you are absolutely right . 
  i even argued with her that the koran does n't mention headscarves specifically , and she was like `` yes , but it says `` cover thyselves '' , so obviously the headscarf is an expression of that , and think you are really intolerant for saying things like that . '', 
  i do n't think she understands what `` tolerance '' even means , but at that point i just gave up and quit the conversation . 
   afaik , it 's more cultural/traditional than religious once a turkish girl got * super * pissed at me when i said that in her presence , so there seems to be some disagreement there at least in some muslim communities . 
  that salt mine , wow . 
  looks like something out of a sci-fi video game . 
  i always knew the french had a knack for barbarism , but even so i 'm shocked they would go so low as to purposefully let a perfectly good baguette go stale . 
  what 's with the brits moving to cyprus ? 
  pensioners ? 
  the age correlation is quite interesting . 
  apparently the spd is now popular amongst young adults and seniors alike , but not amongst 40-60 year olds . 
  it 's called an [ ossuary ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ossuary ) in english and used to be a common practice in many parts of europe . 
  i did n't know there are places where ossuaries are still in active use . 
  i thought they were pretty much superseded by cremation . 
   i want to keep the union , but i would rather scotland just leave than constantly voting in snp , using any excuse for a referendum , destabilising the country , and demanding everything from westminster . 
  sounds strangely familiar to what many people on the continent think about the uk 's role in the eu . 
  the bpjm the poster above mentioned has the responsibility of de facto removing gory adult entertainment from the market , or at least * severely * restricting access to it . 
   say no to spending \u20a4 250 million on av . 
   our country ca n't afford it . 
  til the uk is a third world country . 
   in the park with breastfeeding mother that would cause a tremendous commotion in the land of the free . 
   life can also mean life in germany . 
  it does when the sentenced criminal would clearly pose a threat to society if set free . 
  which would almost certainly be the case here . 
  attempted murder is hardly the same as a terrorist attack with a dozen deaths . 
  at least from farage 's side i have no doubt about that . 
  just remember all his shenanigans with juncker . 
   i guess smart people rather do n't want to get into politics . 
  i dabbled in politics as an adolescent . 
  never again . 
  the amount of ungrateful bullshit you have to deal with on a daily basis . 
  you make uncountable new enemies , but rarely new friends . 
  and it does n't even pay well . 
  if you 're a good enough politician to get into a position where you can do it full-time and make enough to pay the bills , then you 're good enough to make a lot more somewhere in the private sector without more than half the population hating your guts for being `` on the wrong side '' . 
  my point is that english is exceptionally terrible at phonetic spelling , not that the rest of europe was brilliantly good at it . 
  english really has far more exceptions than rules when it comes to spelling . 
  really ? 
  the french spelling system might be convoluted , but at least it 's consistent . 
  english spelling is very unphonetic , if you read a new english word you 'll generally need someone to teach you how to pronounce it ; if you hear a new word , you 'll probably have to look up how to spell it . 
  this is n't the case in french . 
  or german . 
  or pretty much any language that uses the latin alphabet that is n't english . 
  at least not to such an extreme degree . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ edit : ^ ^ ^ ^ typo, 
  learning foreign languages and customs is in itself a skill . 
  the more languages you know , the easier it is to learn new ones . 
  you should never hesitate to start picking up new skills and knowledge , there will always be some benefit to just doing it . 
  looks like someone peeled the blue banana . 
  how do they keep the stairs so clean ? 
  do people have to take off their shoes when they enter the town ? 
   hills i do n't see them . 
  so how do you turn that glacier into tasty lemonade ? 
   chrz\u0105szcz is that the sound one makes when retching up sputum ? 
  this is the only thing so far that failed to surprise me . 
  guess i 'm way too familiar with greek topography after playing as the byzantine empire all the time in medieval 2 . 
  money , probably ? 
  while everyone 's educational and medical needs seem to be taken care of at amazing quality , i guess emigrating to the first world and having fifty times as much personal income ^ ( ( number probably not accurate ) ^ ) is still a tempting alternative . 
  from the article : * irrespective of income or place of living , education at every level is free . 
  * school meals and uniforms are free . 
  * there is a strict maximum of 25 children per primary-school class , many of which have as few as 20 . 
  as of 2010 , secondary schools are striving towards only 15 pupils per class . 
  * many schools open at 6.30 am and close 12 hours later , providing free morning and after-school care for working parents with no extended family . 
  * `` mobile teachers '' are deployed to homes if children are unable to come to school . 
  * over half of cuba 's 150,000 teachers have a minimum of 5 years of higher education ; which is about half a master 's degree . 
  this really sounds like a dream come true . 
   i really do n't want some +70 million muslims to be able to enter europe . 
  that really should n't be the issue . 
  realistically , pretty much all turks who want to live in europe are already here . 
  i can see your point . 
  however , you 're making the mistake of holding history against the eu that is for the most part older than its inception . 
  you will find discriminatory laws are rarely passed in its constituent countries these days , and whenever they are , they face fierce criticism , and even rarer can they be upheld , but get revoked quickly . 
  we 're now really deviating from this thread 's topic , but : the roma are certainly a hot topic even nowadays , but laws concerning them which have recently been passed are , as far as i 'm aware , not directed against them as an ethnicity or a people , but against a criminal lifestyle that has proven to be highly disruptive to the lives of the rest of the local population . 
  even if you count them as locals , when some of them illegally occupy land that does n't belong to them and make a living out of scamming people out of their money , i do n't see how putting a stop to that kind of behaviour * ( and the behaviour alone ) * could be called ` discrimination ' . 
  feel free to show examples of how i 'm wrong and i will be aptly infuriated at the laws in question . 
  care to elaborate ?
