also piling up all the cash and lighting it on fire . 
   fuck `` die linke '' they want the german democratic republic back . 
  that 's nonsense . 
  they 've distanced themselves from their sed predecessors on many occasions , and some of their proposed policies are a far cry from anything done in the gdp , like open borders and unregulated immigration , or disbanding the bundeswehr and shutting down all german weapon manufacturers . 
  extreme measures , yes , but very , very far from what the sed ever did behind the wall . 
  that droopy nose looks dangerous for landing , especially on a grass strip . 
  what does that have to do with anything i said ? 
  i see you 've never been bullied by a shitty asshole neighbour . 
  good for you . 
  people can really make one miserable if they deliberately set out to do so . 
  if he really repeatedly did it in purpose , i must say i agree with the sentence ( yodeler had to pay about 700 $ if you did n't read the article ) . 
  even if you 're against immigration of people that are `` too foreign '' , you have to admit it 's just bad to stir up shit that does n't need to be stirred . 
  deliberately creating bad blood between people like that does n't help anyone . 
  i do n't even know why they needed to call up some law involving religion in court , i 'd just chalk that up as harassment . 
  this album makes me so happy . 
  reminds me of what a great achievement it was to remove any border control between our countries . 
  well , i guess we all saw it coming . 
  no shit , nothing good ever comes from hooligans ganging up, 
  [ how about this ? 
  ] ( http://img1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20110120224435/uncyclopedia/images/f/f0/bowler_hat_and_monocle.jpg ), 
  it might depend on the host country , but most probably you could stay if you were already living there at the time the uk left the eu . 
  i used to live in austria for a couple of years , and after registering as a new resident i got an official document which pretty much allowed me indefinite stay ^ ( under a few prerequisites , as i remember ) . 
  this document almost certainly would n't have lost its validity if germany or austria would have left the eu . 
  also you could still freely move between all schengen member countries . 
  it 's just that applying for residency and the right to work might involve a lot more bureaucracy than if you were a eu citizen . 
  i really like that manwear . 
  cranberries are much more sour than sweet , they do tend to go along well with savoury dishes . 
  cheese and/or meat especially . 
  weird , since i always considered greenwich mean time to be the standard everything is measured against , having them switch to our time somehow feels ... wrong . 
  all of those look like exactly my type of cheese , i got ta note that down somewhere ... 
   brie is amazing in toasted sandwiches for a while i used to regularly combine brie with toast and a bit of aceto balsamico . 
  thought it was a pretty amazing combination . 
  concerning local delicacies i really love bavarian blue cheese . 
  otherwise i just grab random austrian and french cheeses ( the latter mostly for the creamy variants like brie and camembert ) , never went wrong there . 
  my staple cheese for cooking and sandwiches is gouda , it really just goes with everything . 
  the chance of urogenital infections are very low for men due to their longer urethra , and even if and when they contract such an infection , those things are generally fairly easy to treat nowadays and commonly only lead to a burning pain in the dick and problems with peeing while they last , i.e. 
  it 's very discomforting but rarely a serious problem . 
  the only other tangible health benefit of circumcision is a somewhat lower risk of contracting hiv , but not nearly enough that you could skip the rubber just because your foreskin is gone . 
   but it 's about parents freedom and responsibility . 
  and the people of denmark believe the child 's own freedom outweighs the parents ' . 
  that 's all there is to it . 
  although i agree , calling it `` abuse '' is a tad extreme . 
  people are upvoting this ? 
  seriously ? 
  is it now okay to verbally attack people out of the blue just because they 're foreigners ? 
  wtf / r/europe, 
  duh , of course then the baby has to die a slow and painful death ^ / s, 
   i think turning with the wind , as you say , is pretty bad for a country 's politics , it means that when you vote based on whatever your principles are you ca n't be sure it will actually influence the direction your country might go . 
  i tend to agree , but to me it seems very few germans vote based on any hard principles . 
  otherwise merkel would n't have been so popular all these years , she 's anything but a woman with strong convictions . 
   seems like she does as what the majority of germans want . 
  is that not democracy ? 
  it is . 
  populism is often used as kind of a slur these days , but it really is n't an inherently bad term . 
  there 's certainly a good reason why merkel is so * popular * in germany . 
   this would mark a shift of her sentiment from `` austerity uber alles '' this would n't be so surprising actually would you have followed her political career before she became infamous for her stance on austerity . 
  merkel has always been turning with the wind . 
  for example she used to be the most stern proponent of nuclear power you can imagine , then fukushima happened and half our reactors got shut down practically overnight . 
  she can change her opinion very quickly when the public changes theirs . 
  merkel is the epitome of populism . 
  also the parts of germany that used to be behind the iron curtain are still doing a lot worse than the rest of the country . 
  living costs in switzerland are absolutely insane . 
  everything costs about double compared to germany , and we are n't exactly a cheap country either . 
  of course they earn appropriate wages , too . 
  every vacation abroad is a cheap vacation when you live and work in switzerland . 
   factual data shows that the only countries with shittier mortality and life expectancy are from africa or former soviet satellites . 
  like monaco ? 
  i did n't say anything else , did i ? 
  i just feel people should n't make claims like  child pornography should be encouraged as it causes the demand for actual children to go down while fake children become more common without anything to back it up , either . 
  or do you feel it 's okay to make stuff up if it just serves the right purpose ? 
  oh , that actually makes more sense , thanks . 
  not that i would disagree , i think putting someone in prison for viewing hentai is insane , but there 's been an entire thread about the subject ( i think last month or so ? 
  ) , and i have yet to see any proof for the claim that `` virtual '' child porn actually reduces the risk of pedophiles molesting children irl . 
  the government could send me on a mission to mars , for instance . 
  waiters in germany get paid living wages , service is included in the price . 
  despite this , the `` official '' polite thing to do is to tip up to 10 % , depending on how good the service was . 
  many people i know tip up to 20 % , and consider the 10 % to be a minimum rather than a maximum . 
  in conclusion , fuck if i know . 
  just round up a bit and do n't worry too much . 
  why would n't it be ? 
  half of the island is settled by turks . 
  huh ... 
  i know these islands belong to the european union , but this is n't exactly europe . 
  i 'm undecided whether this post fits in this subreddit or not ? 
  i 'd imagine the other men in the family left the village to find a job . 
   can someone explain why hungary is relatively popular among asylum seekers ? 
  i live in the most populated city , and hasnt noticed anything of this . 
  serbians is my bet . 
  as i was reading your post i was constantly thinking that sounds an awful lot as if you were constantly running into the kind of aggressive anti-fascist douchebags that tend to parade around in hamburg and parts of berlin . 
   the police were out in force patrolling the area around the ** hamburg ** hauptbahnhof today . 
  are energy drinks really so unhealthy as to warrant a complete ban for everyone until they 're 18 years old ? 
  that strikes me as excessive , but maybe i 'm not aware on the full range of health risks involved ? 
  trenches are still somewhat relevant in modern warfare , just not to have two near-infinite lines of trenches facing each other as in wwi . 
  they still ( somewhat ) protect against artillery fire and may give infantry a slight advantage in combat , as they always have . 
  trenches have become rare mostly because modern troops are much more mobile as they used to be , with armed transports , helicopters etc. 
  more prominent than ever . 
  but even modern weaponry does n't really reduce the simple and effective protection trenches offer . 
  considering that we have a civil war here , with both sides fighting in and defending `` their '' territory , and with artillery reportedly being widely used in this conflict , trenches are actually not that much of a surprising sight . 
  that 's a pretty deep interpretation of my comment . 
  i was really just aiming at certain countries signing up for the euro mainly to get cheap credit , and possibly ( probably ? ),
