  especially with islamic radicalisation currently being in full force . 
  those in power also show evident signs of paranoia . 
  in simpler terms , there 's a reason why the term `` sub-saharan africa '' exists . 
  the sahara has always been a much , much greater cultural border than the mediterranean ever was . 
   the more direct democracy in the uk grows the more our politics is worsened , the more our constitution is eroded and the more populist our parties get . 
  that 's an almost unavoidable * short-term * downside of introducing direct democracy . 
  if you just randomly start throwing referenda at people who are n't used to calling the shots like that , they are bound to make crappy decisions . 
  direct democracy needs a proper , * real * political culture ingrained in the society at question - this takes a lot of time , unfortunately . 
  needs more freedom ^ ^ * tm *, 
  i call bullshit on that compass . 
  if you spread your portfolio across various big , safe ( ish ) companies across various countries and continents , the long-lasting trend is really just upwards . 
  sure , a big crash can still set you back five to ten years , but if you play it safe and smart you 're ^ ^ almost guaranteed a net positive in the * long run * if you keep at it . 
  with the current interest rates for savings being close to zero , imo the best thing is either buy some real estate , or if you do n't have quite enough for that , spread it on the stock market . 
  ^ ( i 'm not to be held accountable if your stocks crash and burn , i 'm just a random guy on the internet ) ^ ( or if your house crashes and burns ) ^ ( do n't take investment advice from random people on the internet ), 
  stocks are still a * lot * better than 0.5 % interest on a bank account or whatever , even if the stock development is probably about to level off . 
  germans just are n't used to properly invest their money , so they rather keep sitting on it while moaning about the evil ecb ruining the interest rates on their savings account . 
  i figured you 'd mean it 's against eu laws , considering this is / r/europe and you were n't any more specific than `` that would be illegal '' . 
  meh , then make it an eu-wide system if you wish . 
  the above scheme would n't quite have the same problem , since the parents ' pension bonuses would be tied to whatever the kids pay into the country 's pension fund . 
  also you need to say what country you 're from or flair up when you give existing examples like that . 
   one solution is to make pension payments linked to descendants ' income . 
  in this way , kids would become a profitable investment for the parents . 
  that sounds like a most excellent idea , never heard this one . 
  people with higher income pay more money into the national pension fund , and their parents then get a bonus for raising such productive and wealthy kids . 
  it 's not exactly egalitarian , such a system could be perceived as a ploy to further the divide between the rich and the poor . 
  but it sounds like a fairly simple solution that could actually work . 
  also :  low fertility has a very simple reason - children are economically worthless . 
  thanks for stating a reality that many people do n't want to see . 
  certainly not the only reason , but it 's important to note that one of the many reasons that birth rates used to be so much higher is that even people who hated kids tried to have as many as possible for economical reasons . 
   most people in their twenties ca n't afford to have children . 
  sure they can , they just much rather invest their money in a bigger house , a mercedes-benz and a new 800 $ smartphone every year . 
  `` criminals '' , eh . 
  that 's some grade-a detective work . 
  that case in germany i mentioned was long before isis came around as far as i remember . 
  while not unthinkable that the whole shipment would have went to an al-qaida sleeper cell or whatever , somehow that does n't seem likely to me , personally . 
  at least not the * whole * shipment . 
  might have been neonazis or anarchists or whatever as well . 
  maybe even some crazy collectors . 
  but if apparently there 's one hundred grenades every other year ( i imagine not everyone gets caught ) shipped to the west , there must be a market of a size i can hardly explain . 
  there was a similar thing in germany some years ago , with pretty much the same cargo . 
  i 'm still left wondering who in western europe would buy that many hand grenades . 
  see , the problem is that gypsies who abandoned that bullshit thieving culture to settle down and get a job often face discrimination anyway . 
  that 's also a part of reality . 
  so while the stereotypes largely are warranted in my personal experiences as well , it 's important to give people the benefit of the doubt even when they 're of an ethnicity with a questionable cultural background . 
  he would always swear up and down that he 's an ethnic romanian , but his skin complexion and curly black hair indicated otherwise . 
  people constantly gave him shit for being a dirty gypsy , even though he was a good colleague . 
  that 's just not cool . 
  unfortunately these things do occasionally happen pretty much everywhere . 
  i take it as a good sign that this got in the news - there are cities where nobody would have cared enough to report . 
   i was told families have boardgaming nights where they play glorious eurogames ? 
  was i lied to ? 
  :( such families do exist , but it 's not quite what i would call a common occurrence . 
  ( at least not in my personal experience ), 
   german love for boardgaming ( or so i 'm told ) * ^ sigh * i wish . 
  i mean , there 's a boardgaming club in almost every decently sized town , and some cities have boardgaming caf\u00e9s and pubs , but amongst all my friends and buds , it 's not hugely popular . 
  i guess as a people we might be more fond of board games than the average modern nation , maybe even measurably so , but not by a huge amount i do n't think . 
  then all the men are either at war or lying drunk under the table . 
  portugal was smart and fled the finnish conquista . 
   for greece , if they do n't pay back their debts in full it 's theft . 
  i do n't think anyone ever genuinely expected greece to pay back * all * of the debts , but those debts are a very convenient lever to force the greek government to implement a variety of reforms and to bend to the will of the creditors . 
  naturally those same creditors are n't willing to alleviate any greek debts now while the government in athens is n't playing ball . 
  i 'm under the impression you 're confusing the eu with the eurozone . 
  there 's absolutely no reason for greece to leave the eu , no matter how this ends . 
   it 's just trying to force vaccination programs onto them without altering their opinion of those programs . 
  if decades of research ca n't change their opinion , nothing will . 
  force is the only option left at this point . 
   then we 'd probably loose [ what are you talking about , we 're ace at this shit . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rzjnbllq3-y ), 
  * of course * it `` makes sense '' that people would view countries as a negative influence when they act against their personal political ideology . 
  your interjection that you think that ideology is stupid does n't change that . 
  and that 's the reason to stop germans from immigrating ? 
  sentiments about uk politics are n't the same as sentiments on the people . 
  i literally ca n't think of a single instance where i had heard someone say something negative about brits as a people ( edit : i 'm talking about right here in germany ) , while humour , politeness , love for order and superior queuing skills were lauded in my presence at times . 
  2nd edit : also i feel it should n't be much of a surprise that germans view the uk 's influence rather negatively - there 's quite a lot of support for stronger european integration in germany , while the uk has done everything it can to sabotage such efforts . 
  i 'm baffled by all those cathedrals that only got finished at the end of the 19th century . 
  it 's a copy of germany . 
  i meant * before * the dive he likely had to pull up more than normally to keep level flight , which would indicate a lack of lift , which would indicate flying at higher altitude than the instruments indicated . 
  the flight computer would n't have been able to figure out the radar was malfunctioning in the first place . 
  the human pilot in this instance did . 
  he probably noticed the engines not working to full effect , and that he had to pull up the nose more than he was used to at the altitude . 
  so he checked for errors in the altimeter , noticed it was malfunctioning , and took that into account . 
  a computer would n't have done that . 
  at least not the ones currently in use in aviation . 
  i do n't think i see your point . 
  in op 's story it sounds as if the pilot acted appropriately , other than forgetting to warn the passengers . 
  airline pilots have to blindly trust their instruments , if they want to or not . 
  at their typical altitude , flying by sight is mostly useless for any situation other than take-off and landing , and even then it 's often safer to go by the instruments . 
  in case you 're wondering , flying too high can lead to the plane stalling due to lower engine output and less lift . 
  * then * people would have had a reason to panic . 
  quite frankly , it seems the more positive youtube comments are mostly just as stupid . 
  like this :  beautiful music and great document . 
  no wonder germans & soviets invaded poland , they probably wanted to see how civilisation looks like . 
  according to op 's statistic , many more germans like christmas than there are christians in germany . 
  but maybe that 's just our unbridled consumerism ( and maybe our love for seasonal alcoholic beverages . ), 
  whatever happened to russian engineering ? 
  did all the smart people flee the country when the iron curtain fell ? 
  i did n't make an argument . 
  it was a genuine question , i was n't being facetious . 
  i thought i was missing something . 
   completely irrelevant to the argument made in the article .
