  not planning too far beyond that . 
   i have no idea why portugal , greece and spain did think that it was going to work out . 
  sign contract 2 . 
  cheap credit 3 . 
  party !, 
  that does * not * look safe . 
  even geographically only a very small part of kasachstan lies in europe . 
  i believe ( have n't looked it up ) that even turkey has a larger portion on the european continent . 
  edit : i did just look it up and believed wrong , kasachstan is about 5 % european , turkey only about 3 %, 
  interesting that up until the 90 's simply * nobody cared * . 
  from what i 've personally heard and seen i 'd confirm this . 
  it 's a stressful job with lots of responsibility , it seems many , if not most fall for * some * addiction to cope with everything . 
  still , i 've never seen a doctor this morbidly obese . 
  most hold back just enough to * look * healthy , you 'll find plenty of high-functioning alcoholics or even abusers of illegal drugs amongst doctors . 
  doctors working in hospitals stealing drugs ( e.g. 
  opiates or amphetamines ) for personal use is n't unheard of either , although this , of course , is the exception . 
  he would certainly get * my * vote for having been the worst . 
  he might not have been as much of a terrible human being as hitler , but he damn sure was a worse politician . 
  450 $ is n't enough to live off around here . 
  even in cheaper parts of the country it would * just barely * suffice for a room in a shared flat , food and basic health insurance ( which your employer wo n't cover for you if earn this little ) . 
  in more expensive cities it would be just about enough to pay for a room and nothing else . 
  but yes , it 's tax free . 
  do n't worry , we 'll push our jet fighters onto the battlefield if we have to . 
  i 'd assume such details are a lot more important / interesting for citizens of a country which relies so heavily on the projection of military power to secure its global position . 
  plus it 's a lot more common for americans to serve in the military or even use military grade equipment for fun and sports , so naturally a lot of americans know a decent deal about such things compared to your average european , which again makes details on military equipment more interesting and easier to remember . 
  yes , we 'll be on the front lines retaking our lebensrau ... er , our beloved neighbours ' land and then giving it back to their rightful owners . 
  now you 're comparing the cost of one of the top-ranked universities on the planet with your run-off-the-mill us college . 
  plus this swiss tuition fee is the cost * before * financial aid , which local students tend to be entitled to as well . 
  if you 'd compare those costs without financial aid , you 'd come to the conclusion your average us college still is between four and five times as expensive . 
  or you could compare the costs * with * financial aid , and arrive at the conclusion that us colleges are infinitely more expensive , as swiss students may finish their uni degree without any debt or help from their parents whatsoever if they get aid from the government . 
  the point / u/countvontroll made stands - the eth zurich certainly does n't even nearly charge `` what it 's worth '' . 
  was just going to say this . 
  the eth zurich is n't charging what it 's worth at all . 
  depends on the state . 
  when studying at a hessian university you will get a ticket for pretty much all and any public transport in hesse , while in some other parts of the country you wo n't get any `` free '' public transport at all . 
  meh , most of the time it 's just your typical american posting his typical american opinion which typically most europeans will find outrageously offensive . 
  try being a turk , * those * are the ones who are often treated unfairly in the / r/europe karma-game . 
  many of these people , including their local leaders and the organizer of this ` sharia police ' , are n't immigrants or children of immigrants , but germans per sanguinis who converted to radical islam . 
  your comment is both unwarranted and misses the reality of the situation at hand . 
   i doubt schengen is the issue here . 
  i was n't blaming schengen for anything . 
  but with schengen i find news along the lines of `` even austria now houses foreign terrorists '' rather unsurprising . 
  how is any of this surprising with schengen and free movement and everything ? 
  we all have our fair share of foreign extremists at this point . 
  and i fear we might need some sort of concerted effort to get rid of them . 
   immigration is n't an issue in australia in the slightest . 
  of course it is n't , after all you guys simply barred everyone without an university degree from staying in the country . 
  i 'd imagine that 's in large part due to medical tourism , german surgeons are still quite renowned abroad . 
  private clinics around here are often full of arabic or sometimes african nobility . 
  i must have never been a kid then , i guess . 
  i occasionally love myself some good , old , heart-clogging [ english breakfast ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/english_breakfast#britain_and_ireland ) , with baked beans and fried everything . 
  before i got introduced to the british way of beginning the day i did n't even know you could fry tomatoes . 
  also my favourite wursts are [ debrecener ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/debrecener ) and [ kranjska ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kranjska_klobasa ) . 
  we 've got a tomato sauce + garlic combo , but i 've never seen or heard of someone putting actual garlic sauce on pizza . 
  on the rare occasion i get frozen pizza i like to add extra garlic , too . 
  garlic can improve nearly every dish . 
   apparently the germans eat pasta with ketchup . 
   horrifying . 
  i 've only ever seen one individual around here do that . 
  i 'd guess most people here would agree it 's a disgusting combination . 
  lower german dialects are closer related to dutch than to , say , bavarian . 
  it 's not as much of a stretch to group them together as you think . 
  plus i imagine berlin dialect back in the day was much different . 
  nowadays people in all major german cities effectively speak standard german with a bit of a local accent and with a few localisms thrown in . 
  back in the day proper dialects were still much more common even in the cities . 
  german cuisine is extremely regionalized , i 'd be hard-pressed to mention any true national dish other than maybe [ butterbrot ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/butterbrot ) and d\u00f6ner . 
  austria : it 's just like home , but with locals who have a sense of humour . 
  the town is right at the destination , they could n't go around that . 
  the other 99.9 % of the chosen route was taken by ship ( might not be obvious on the map - all those cross-continental red lines follow large rivers ) . 
  i heard berlin has something like 20 % of its inhabitants living on social benefits , and berlin greatly benefits from [ equalization payments ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/bc/laenderfinanzausgleich.png ) which it receives from other parts of the country . 
  so yes , i 'd say what your friend told you is true . 
   you are just not allowed to ... ... use them for anything . 
  oh , except for shooting some holiday videos to share with your family . 
  because that 's totally what dashcams are good for . 
  edit :  ask in hamburg , hesse , bavaria or baden-wuerttemberg . 
  the police there experiments with bodycams . 
  i did not know that , and am surprised i did n't notice any public outcry . 
  usually when germans get filmed without being asked first that 's like literally gestapo and stasi combined . 
  german judiciary even declared dashcams illegal because privacy or something . 
  i do n't see how body cameras could become a thing here anytime soon . 
  just think of all those innocent people who might get filmed without knowing and explicitly agreeing . 
  oh , the horror !, 
  the far , far left in germany is splintered into several tiny and insignificant political parties that do nothing all day but bicker and argue about who of them is the truest to real marxism-leninism . 
  that said , the * `` normal '' * far left ( die linke ) is represented in the national and some regional parliaments , and is much farther left than what most countries have in their government , propagating such things as completely abandoning any military and border controls . 
  would n't the fat make it easier to float across the bosphorus ? 
  a work permit will generally only give you access to the job market at the specific country where you got the permit . 
  you 'll have to work towards a visa / permit at the specific country you want to move to ; which is where your girlfriend lives , i would assume . 
  there still is no eu-wide visa or immigration policy , so unless you 're looking for a intra-european far distance relationship , i 'm afraid you wo n't be able to just pick the country with the laxest immigration policies . 
  how you get your visa will vary greatly from country to country . 
  you 'll only get the full benefits of schengen ( free choice of living and work place within most of the continent ) if you 're a citizen ; and if things work out between you two you 'll probably be married long before you 're eligible for full citizenship , as that generally requires living in a country for several years . 
  software engineers are in high demand pretty much anywhere but the most rural places . 
  getting a job and a visa should be managable for you , no matter where you want to go . 
  pretty sure baklava is a middle eastern thing . 
  unsuccessful terrorist attacks do n't necessarily make it to europe-wide news . 
  did you hear about the islamist couple that was detained near frankfurt just two weeks or so ago ? 
  i 'm raging just thinking about those . 
   the media ( rightfully ) is making a very big deal about this does the german average joe care though ? 
  i 'm not getting that impression , personally . 
  those haircuts actually just got back in fashion recently because they 're so hip and retro . 
  was my greatest idol as a lazy-ass teenager .
