   oh the irony , we do n't want them because they will be less democratic in the future after a certain , democratically elected leader won the election . 
  that 's not as paradoxical as it may seem at first . 
  a democratically elected leader may very well damage their own democratic system by suppressing basic rights like the freedoms of speech , movement , assembly , etc. , or by actively discriminating against minorities . 
  erdogan is just the candidate to do exactly that . 
  edit : as a matter of fact , when i think about it , if the population votes for a potentially antidemocratic candidate , that 's all the worse , and makes the country all the less a worthwhile addition to the eu . 
  but to be fair , i 'm not too well informed about turkey 's internal politics and what the possible alternatives to erdogan even were . 
  let 's wait and observe his further actions . 
  all youtube livestreams are blocked for german ips as they could potentially contain snippets of music or songs for which gema members might maybe own the rights . 
  i walk to the university campus , takes me about 15 minutes in either direction . 
  as a student , for a flat rate of about 400 $ a year i get to use most public transport services in [ hessia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hesse ) , so way beyond just the city of frankfurt , where i 'm currently studying . 
  the public transport itself is up to german standards , but the subway system appears to have all kinds of malfunctions fairly frequently , and the backup systems ( usually buses ) often get handled poorly in such situations ( most notably it 's often difficult to find out from where the f * ing bus is supposed to go ) . 
  living without a car is certainly possible here , but due to the suburban sprawl and imo comparably low density of public transport lines , it 's fairly inconvenient to not own a car . 
  this is reason enough for me , personally , to move places once i got my diploma , as i find commuting by car fairly stressful in comparison to idly sitting in a train or bus or just walking , not to mention when everyone has to commute by car it makes the city unnecessarily noisy , and hanging out in public spaces is so much less desirable with a high amount of traffic . 
   does n't cost that much either , as long as you get timed tickets instead of distance tickets . 
  as i understand vienna has some of the cheapest public transport tickets in the developed world . 
  last time i checked it was a single euro a day if you pay for a year in advance . 
  that 's just dirt-cheap compared to the size , density and efficiency of the local public transport system . 
   i definitely was ill less often - it seems you get more flu when you travel public transport than when you drive . 
  naturally . 
  close contact to other human beings is virtually the only way of contracting the flu . 
  i 'd just like to mention that you could get your annual flu vaccine and minimize the risk though . 
   how big is pippi in germany would you say ? 
  have yet to met a person who would n't know her . 
  not sure how many people actually know she 's swedish though , i just learned that myself a month or two ago . 
  as i understand the hate is mostly pointed towards gypsy beggars and general low-class workers , as an educated professional the locals probably wo n't bother you about your ethnicity . 
  i mean it 's fucking london , people there had to make up with foreigners for generations by now . 
  sorry for pigeonholing all of spain like that . 
  people even upvoted me for it , not sure if i should take comfort in not being the only one being so ignorant here . 
  ah , the washing hung outside the window , a mediterranean classic . 
  i 'd need a closer look at the details to really tell , but the tower itself certainly does n't look neoclassical ( might be neogothic if anything ) , maybe the lower complex does . 
  whatever the case , i did n't know stalin was into this kind of stuff . 
  this kind of `` old-school '' ornamented high-rise building is n't something you commonly see on our continent . 
  i 'm so used to constant circejerking in this subreddit as a whole , i must say i did n't even notice . 
  [ this thing specifically ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/palace_of_culture_and_science ) looks like american art deco . 
  curious . 
   originally , when we heard about people leaving bulgaria , romania and even poland , people defended it by saying of course they want the best for their family , of course they 're going to flee to germany because it 's better . 
  i think you 're confusing explaining their motives with supporting their decisions . 
  it would have worked well enough had the eu properly helped greece , italy ( and turkey ) with stemming the tide earlier , instead of ignoring the problem and trying to sit it out . 
  personally i hope the rise of cheap 3d-printing will bring back ornamental fa\u00e7ades , maybe even with all new shapes and textures that were n't feasible before . 
  it 's not officially suspended . 
  but my point is : it might as well be at this point . 
  i 'm under the impression that dublin is effectively suspended now , is n't it ? 
  you are right , and i imagine that 's exactly what our government is going to do ( to some degree ) . 
  the sudden influx of muslims in our country is still worrying , though . 
  i really hope this works out and we can manage to integrate those people . 
   nobody wants to carry around bags full of metal . 
  nah , netflix does launch their content without dub if necessary , even here in germany where the vast majority of people would never watch anything that is n't fully dubbed in german . 
  and adding subtitles by netflix themselves if necessary should n't be a big deal . 
  thanks , but i 'm familiar with the laws in germany . 
  op was talking about `` france , uk or scandinavia '' . 
   it 's legal . 
  legal to own and keep at home or legal to carry around ? 
  also imo aiming for the legs is just plain stupid . 
  if you 're in real danger and only have a `` non-lethal '' weapon that 's all the more a reason to aim for the center of mass or even the head . 
  easier to hit and more likely to stop them from attacking you ( or anyone else ) . 
  they would probably get forced out of the eurozone if they defaulted . 
  who 's talking about leaving the eu ? 
   or did the greek goverment plan on hiding in putins shadow without repaying ? 
  they do n't need putin to just not pay back their debts . 
  what would you expect brussels or the imf to do about it ? 
  write a strongly worded letter ? 
  remove their ambassadors from athens ? 
  the greek economy would probably take another dive before recovering and they 'd lose even more confidence from other countries ; but at this point the country is so close to the bottom of the barrel , i do n't know if those negatives even matter much anymore . 
   halal !, 
  * haram, 
  most european cities are pretty small by international standards , [ the eu only has 5 cities over 2 million ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/largest_cities_in_europe ) . 
  london is the largest by a huge margin . 
  we are a decentralized continent that is full of regional centers , but barely any cities that matter in the grand scheme of things ( as singular entities , anyway ) . 
  avoidable or not , it often amazes me how `` death by car accident '' is the elephant in the room in terms of sudden death or dangerous activities that nobody ever pays attention to . 
  i 've never actually seen such a thing . 
   i have n't even stated my goals on anything , so that 's a pretty large claim to lay at my feet . 
  dude , your post was five posts or something further up in this thread . 
  i was n't referring to you in any way whatsoever , just making a general statement . 
  it 's a common theme not just on reddit , unfortunately . 
  i * am * a leftist , but i 'm often ashamed to admit it since so many of my fellow lefties like to turn to blind sjw ` ism and spend all their time dreaming up their personal utopia while completely ignoring the real problems in the real world out there . 
  ( illegal ) immigration is one such topic that should mostly be resolved by common sense and realpolitik , instead people just tear it up into a faux left-vs-right issue . 
  ^ ( * edited : removed a word too many many * ), 
  honestly , i like that we have our inside jokes and meta goofing . 
  this sub can be ** very ** vile at times , i 'd rather keep the silly comments interspersed everywhere to lighten it up a bit . 
   i 'm not the official representative of my country , i 'm a person that comes from there . 
  oh shut up , switzerland . 
   on our social media , we discuss about syrian refugees ' future in turkey . 
  could you provide some insights on what the common opinions on the issue are in turkey ? 
  i 'm really curious . 
   anyway , i 'm more than willing to pay a reasonable amount of money to subsidize childcare . 
  i simply do n't believe that such projects can work out in the long term . 
  it 's only going to get worse with every generation . 
  birth rates are probably going to level off and remain steady for many generations , and with so many people on this planet this is nothing but a good thing if you care about the * global * situation . 
  birth rates will probably naturally pick up again a few centuries down the line , due to simple evolutionary selection ( people who just * love * raising a whole football team worth of kids above everything else will keep multiplying despite effective contraception methods being widely available . 
  at some point this is likely to manifest itself as a widespread genetic trait , even if society does n't enforce or actively support such behaviour ) . 
  hopefully we 'll have another planet to live on by then . 
  or just load your gun with blanks . 
  that 's basically , you know , their intended purpose . 
  that 's some serious bullshit if true . 
  i 'm generally not someone to call for vigilante justice , but when you catch someone red-handed stealing your shit , you should be allowed to stop them . 
  it 's not like the police could guarantee you ever get your stuff back - if the thief gets away , you 'll likely never see your belongings again . 
  you could easily make the argument that the treaty would increase the overall economic growth within the countries involved , benefiting everyone in the long run . 
  whether this would outweigh the discussed possible negatives or not , i simply do n't know . 
  `` google it '' is n't a source . 
  and you just brought more claims to the table without anything to back them up .
