  for storage/marketplace/personal home etc , there are two types of structures most commonly used , player built citadels and npc stations and there are numerous all over the place . 
  think huge spacestations like the death star and you can get an idea . 
  you enter them with your ship and access their local services , repairs , manufacturing and local market window were you buy or sell . 
  you can pick any of the thousands to set up shop , from of the way one serving dozens of localsto one of the market hubs that are used the entire game . 
  the market and item availability are 95 % player run , so if you ever wanted to become a real life enterpreneur you can do so here without mortraging your house . 
  finally , i want to make a point so i can save tou sone grief : getting shot at is really , really , * really * common , and pvp is present in * every location * in the game . 
  there is no pvp flag to turn off , the `` npc guards '' will normally arrive late only to punish , not prevent and you have to get used to sometimes see your ship going boom . 
  we survive that hit by following the eves rule `` never undock what you cant afford '' . 
  finally , eve is its community . 
  find a good , decent corporation ( guild ) and stick with them . 
  people here will tell you to go for obe of the big ones , but try your luck with some small ones . 
  there are sone good unsung dudes out there . 
  they cant . 
  the cloud has emp properties . 
  its the reason the logos and all the sentinels on top of it shut down when neo and trinity pass through it to avoid the machine city 's defenses . 
  [ video ] ( https://youtu.be/e1gmge7men0?t=36s ), 
  ehh the canon of that story can be disputed . 
  it has dome major differences ( why machined have humans in yhe matrix ) and it was writen before even the * first * movie was released . 
  leader got himself banned . 
  alliances have come back from similar total `` welps '' , test , brave , goons more than twice and even bob for a while . 
  they could regroup into lowsec and see if they could find a new place to lick their wounds and slowly rebuilt . 
  but that would require at least a tiny bit of diplomatic skills , and having pissed pretty much anyone is indicative of their chances of succesfully pulling this through . 
  it was n't written by any of the core writers , but by a dude warner brothers send a script of the first movie . 
  not really what we call `` primary source '' . 
  generally unless a failcascade happens or they move pack up to invade someone , things that are uncommon , competent nullsec alliances keep their space from many months to years . 
  considering you have all the test space open for you at all times , how common is for your corp top move about is not that worrying , at least where pi is considered . 
  most of their supercap fleet found themselves logged off in enemy territory , and their grand coalition have been diminished to a single npc station in lowsec for months . 
  meanwhile half of the entire game was * actively * hunting for their destruction . 
  pretty deep hole to get yourself out of . 
  oh no you missed the part were a couple of drf renters ( tried ) to entosis some co2 renter space ignoring standing orders , and that was a huge proof that drf had a great sceme to invade impass to evict co2 ( for some reason ) , so co2 * had * join forces with tri to invade tenerifis . 
  defencive invasion . 
  not an oxymoron in serbian apparently . 
  actually , lot and lots of people feel bad for driving spieces of hominids extinct . 
  and the rest of the mammals . 
  and spieces of fish . 
  even crustaceans . 
  also stop doing threats over the span of * hours *, 
  there was a * huge * shitstorm 5 years ago . 
  dont know what you are talking about . 
  well ... those look horrible . 
  at best like train engines , at worst like pieces of rebar . 
  if you think moon mining citadels will create content , i have news for you . 
  most alliances will clam up with spending because t2 prices will increase . 
  everyone will have renters that will try to keep as safe as possible with nips to get that sweet sweet rent instead of mining the moons . 
  and finally moon citadels will become so common they will be nothing more than another kind of ore belt . 
  eve is 90 % concepts that were hastily added , were updated a couple of times then ababandoned unpolished at best or half baked at worst . 
  dont place your house on that bet . 
  because christians are not a huge solid group with different denominations interpreting stuff differently . 
  i mean , christian have been killing each other for hundrends of years becauae of that . 
  just * using * the word `` christians '' is disgenous . 
  seriously * why ? * . 
  beussels waffles are like , leagues above the liege ones . 
  and this how we get the `` i am 32 and i got arrested in a greek airport , wtf '' threads, 
  there having posts here from people that got arrested in airports and asking wtf they are supposed to do or summons . 
  search for them . 
   the law is clear and allows every citizen that have avoided the army the right to come in to the country for 30 days per year . 
  this happens after he goes though the whole procedure , not just by skipping the army and ignoring that . 
  you forgot the part were they broke the byzantine empire so hard , it allowed the ottomans to consolidate and eventually reach all the way to vienna . 
  those wounds that seens to be closed ( aka scars ) are in * reality * still open . 
  open wounds . 
  calling out reddit like it is one giant collective with a single opinion is a * way * deader horse than lucy . 
  we are still busy crying in right next door kaleesh is getting familiar with john 's `` dragon '' . 
  what plot holes ? 
  i will find this more hilarious if the happens because pl decided to mess with the south . 
  `` blue donut is bad m ` kay ? 
  ahh i thought you would go with the tired and debunked `` the eagles man ! '', 
  thing . 
  yeah i can see what you are talking about , and i agree with pretty much what you say . 
  however about arwen i got more mellowed out after some time , because a ) arwen is nonexistent in the books themselves , so it kind needed more characterization , both for her since it was to be aragorns wife and for the elves ( particularly the drama of `` immortal elves vs mortal humans '' part of tolkien mythos that have been pretty important , particularly in the other works like the silmarilion and b ) its as close as luthien we will ever going to get . 
  what in the name of god where they thinking ? 
  good luck doing that . 
  politics is literallly about who controls the money . 
   store thieves in the act, 
  ummm . . how do they do this ? 
  do they freeze them in time ? 
  has dutch police evolved so much or they just stole [ the belgian equivelent again ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/timecop#/media/file:timecopposter.jpg ), 
  it was a joke . 
   i 'm guessing he could probably have gotten her to fuck him about ten times, 
  would you let some dude fuck you for 2100 $ ? 
  if that burger had a unique , one of a kind sauce that it was the whole point of the restaurants existence , would it be okay to duplicate it ? 
  in eve you dont roleplay your ingame character , you roleplay an aspect of your * rl * character in a vastly exaggarated tone . 
  you ever secretly wondered how would it feel to be a total asshole and backstabber ? 
  you can do that . 
  wanted to be a warlord ? 
  you can do that . 
  defender of the downtrotten ? 
  yes . 
  space trucker with an attitude ? 
  mercenary ? 
  intel / counter intel agent ? 
  yes to all and many , many more . 
  however , just like in real life , you need to work for it . 
  you will not become a hero by completing a quest and get gongratulated by a random npc ( that already had gongratulated 4621 more players just that day ) . 
  you have to actually pull something great . 
  or you can decide to become one of the masses , find 5 dudes you like and roam the starts trying to shoot other random people . 
  something something `` diplomacy is for wimps '' , something something `` break the donut '' . 
  but they are supposedly looking down on people that do `` pacts '' and `` nips '' and that thing called `` diplomacy '' . 
  none of them are nowhere near relevant . 
  maybe ireland and denmark , and thats mostly due to circumstances .
