  what is available in the us to compare ? 
  i was thinking israel , but i dont see any scenario that they nuke the us even if it is the aggresor . 
  hmm til . 
  however is that plan feasible ? 
  it sounds on par with the mad doctrine , but if you do n't have enough missiles you only seal you utter destruction from some half burned but still functioning and super pissed states . 
  i mean the russian use of dirty bombs at least makes sense because you can make sure everyone bites it . 
  yep it is . 
  i think i got shafted . 
  ehhh i think nato countries , or pretty much all the world will not very happy with israel after that , even of they help them for the immediate danger . 
  they will have to be at the top of the game afterwards 24/7 forever because pretty much anyone will want to bring them down . 
  and not forget that if a country assumes that israel is serious , then a preemptive strike might look like the sane option to try and get most of the birds down . 
  in reality israel lives and breathes by the goodwill of the western world , particularly the us , i do n't expect it to last much if it sours their relations . 
  yeah it was ron that got hand downs from his older brothers . 
  they threatened nuclear war versus europe and the us ? 
  yeah but thats a normal nuclear threat . 
  here we are speaking specifficaly for a us vs israel * nuclear * standoff . 
  but but people are not real people with complex and ecer changing characters , they are tv monidimensional characters !, 
  this would help nerf them . 
  essentially a super-helicopter !, 
  its a perceptive problem . 
  i think he tried to go with a `` sunken '' wheel from the tire . 
  notice the beehive cells are stretched towards the wheel . 
  and yet the exact same infighting and might makes right brought them also down , in matzikert ( a noble betrayed the emperor to the turks ) , fourth crusade ( crusaders who were there because of a pretender ) and the infighting before the ottomans sealed the deal . 
  they where lucky and got a lot of decent emperors that holded long enough to get things done or their enemies got squashed by a third party ( arabs , mongols etc ) . 
  hey old thread but : the doggos actually made sense carrying the lights , because all the previous times a dude carried them they got attacked and either broke them or got eaten . 
  the robots kept the life saving lights without becoming outright targets themselves , and kept them way steadier and safer than a human !, 
  seriously blurred pictures of aliens/demons/chupacampra / toast jesus should have died in the 90s with the film cameras . 
  unless for some fucking reason that demon dude appeared for juuust enough time that only one spectator noticed him , take out his phone , take the first blurry picture and then * immidietely * vanished , i call bollocks . 
  why noone else saw him strolling about a neighborhood and take shots ? 
  why is it so blurry when modern phone cameras focus in seconds ? 
  why only one when you can take multiple photos with simple taps of your finger , or even a friggin video ? 
  its either a photoshop or a shot with pareidoleia that some smartass wanted to propagate . 
  there are dozens similar . 
  it might not be pointed , but all cameras got mounted on vehicles since it is shown and discussed multiple times that they are heavy and cumbersome , and the one they are forced to carry around gets busted from getting dropped and abused all the time . 
  from an out of story discussion though , i agree , i dont know how they missed a money shot of a doggy either pulling a half life dog scene or mounting a friggin anti-ghost autocannon/graw . 
  probably drama and budget reasons . 
  kings are dictators that managed to keep the title for long enough and to siccsfully passit in their chosen succesors . 
  north korea is a heteritary monarchy in all but name for example . 
  we get the word emperor from the romans , that also gave us dictator , and no suprise the two terms have a common history and use . 
  not a killing spree , but one of the seven wonders of the world was destroyed when a [ man ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/herostratus?wprov=sfla1 ) burned it because he wanted to make his mark in history at * any * cost . 
  considering he caused wanton destruction and danger for such petty , egoidtical and irrational reason you cant call him sane . 
  a current example is the dieppe raid . 
  for decades considered a waste and tactical blunder , released documents has shown that it was probably a raid to capture an enigma decoding device , which while it failed , it wasnt that insane to try . 
  he went so overboard with evil that racism is considered despicable and human rights have jumped leaps and bound sunce then ? 
  sports have been around for longer time , and as a result they have funs of all ages and backrounds . 
  gaming still has the stigma of the lonely guy from the 90s because they are new , and just the last 5 years they hqve started breaking into mainstream in full force because the fans are getting older . 
  also it doesnt help that beong focused in sports personally might make you a good looking dude , while gaming . . 
  i think the first time he meets his wife they are in the school graduation ? 
  but would he bother to have long conversations when iy will not be possible to meet her at all for many months ? 
  seems way of a long con . . 
  its an expression . 
  meaning a plan that takes a while to bear fruit , in this case keep so much contact only for casual sex . 
  i dont * think * your dude is doing that , but i have very few information . . 
  i think the comic is heading towards that point , but maybe in a slight different way : everyone is his own indepedent side and ruler . 
  remember that uncrypted units have all the things you said plus free will ( ossomer ) . 
  in a text update it is mentioned that the arkendish can sever wandas command strings with her units . . 
  fix the goddam alliance application process !, 
  its not 2004 anymore ffs . 
  actually that means it does , 
  from some bar fights i have seen its the equivelent of a dog showing its belly to aggresor . 
  totaly defencive and submissive posture in reflex . 
  the us were always scared . 
  they feared the english , the spanish , the mexicans , the negroes , the communists , then the germans , back to communists , and for now its the terrorists . 
  for a so powerfull state ( and we should be honest , they are ) that much fear would seem peculiar , but is needed for the fracturing forces that exist between the states to be held at bay . 
  a common fear keeps them united . 
  and that kid she birthed ? 
  we had nothing to do with it . 
  what was that ? 
  he is too tall with a small nose and a round head ? 
  uhhh it must be those new seeds you gave him , yes sireee i am sure of that !, 
  in theory , they would never need to actually cash out . 
  in a perfect world , bitcoin ( or any other crypto ) would be just any other currency , able to buy stuff directly with it and/or switch to another fiat/crypto . 
  the major difference would have been that the `` printing '' of teh money would not happen from a central bank or organisation , so it would be effectively a stateless currency . 
  however that is impossible to happen because it lacks a lot of things but most most importantly : all money are just pieces of paper/numbers in a screen , but they are backed by pretty big organisations , countries themselves . 
  its why you know that the 1 $ in you wallet tomorrow will always has some value , and the central bank generally plans and guide it as much as they can . 
  bitcoin is only guided by the market , and that cause gargantuan changes in its value . 
  if i told you that in 6 months the $ will have price changes that are double digits percentages , you will not believe it . 
  [ bitcoin on the other hand ... ] ( http://www.xe.com/currencycharts/?from=xbt&amp;to=usd&amp;view=1m ), 
   here in canada there are several blm chapters that are making gay pride parade organizers lives miserable by organizing sit ins and complaining about shit that does n't even make sense . 
  remember when kkk organised sit ins and complained as their m.o ? 
  neither do i /, 
  inflation under control is not a bad thing . 
  it pushes people to invest their savings instead of crabbing up and drying the economy . 
  hyperinflation on the other hand is usually caused when a goverment , usually from small and problemaric economiea is considered unable to back its coin . 
  if small countries have that problem , what will be the case with bitcoin that has 0 backers ? 
  what whe see ofcource , a price roller coaster . 
  most `` purebred '' animals like dogs have major health problems , and whe havebt bred a `` better '' version of an animal , only one more suitable for our very narrow needs . 
  for plants there are alarming reports that due to common genetic material and cloning , a pathogen can wipe entire regions out causing famine . 
  success ? 
  an industrial ship from eve online probably . 
  they where there with some friends . 
  rogue waves themselves were considered a sailors myth like the kraken . 
  even in the modern age , because the wave mechanics did not allow for them . 
  until supertankers appeared with half their bow off ripped off , the only ships large enough to survive a rogue wave and tell the tale . 
  scientists had to go back to the lab to amend wave mechanics . 
  afik that because one of the first and very influental book with triangle dissapearences that sparked a great deal of popularity was found to have falsified records and the stories to make them more mysterious . 
  it was so influential that a lot if the weird stuff you might have heard about each dissapearence probably can get traced back to it , since a lot of authors used it a source . . 
  `` odly '', 
  this is not a civilisation game where you unlocked `` genetic goal level 65 '' . 
  succesfull for one use means danger in another .
