  if i say `` cola '' and you immediately think `` coca cola '' then for them `` conspiracy '' immediately brings `` jews '' . 
  nice try skynet . 
  mostly because what is right in one context can be wrong in many others . 
  the law has to be made for the worse case scenario and have as few loopholes as possible . 
  so wait , i can make a company that will give 10 mill to the first contestant that climbs the empire building under a blizzard with only their hands , and be free to go when the inevitable happens because i warned them ? 
  confirmed , ~ ~ put ~ ~ stalin is [ back ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qtb4uow940c ), 
  a very decent and fun puzzle game . 
  it had bit of a lemmings style of game play , where pit droids had to reach the exit , and you had to use arrows , gates and buttons in certain places to guide them properly . 
  global warming will create major problems with drinking water , crop destruction , desertification , major disease spread from rising temperatures . 
  do you know who would be the first to absolutely get fucked up ? 
  those that already have those issues , the `` 3rd world children '' . . 
  dumbass . 
  is this slang for pcs ? 
  because if it is not , i want to . 
  its the perfect description . 
  neither the baseball club or the kitchen knife are designed and manufactured sp\u00e9cifically for efficient killing , but for other purposes . 
  guns are designed under the asumption that they will be efficient killing instruments . 
  you are comparing a small toyota with a m1 abrams . 
  however , banning knifes will block their use for the thousands of peaceful uses , and the millions ( billions ? ), 
  that use them everyday for no bloddied uses . 
  and there are already laws in europe forbidding you carrying `` combat knives '' ( rambo types ) as they are considered a weapon . 
  if you restrict guns you dont have those issues . 
  however , i would like to point out that those laws op is referring are dumb . 
  not on purpose . 
  and last time i checked , car manufacturers are spending millions in design and manufacturing to make cars as lethal as possible , and there are tons of laws restricting car designing and usage to make them safe . 
  when was the last time smith & wesson manufactured their guns as non-lethal ? 
  a diner knife is actually intended for food processing , with a lot of designs for make them useless for killing ( the rounded top that stops stabbing for example ) . 
  if tomorrow we discovered way to make knives completely safe , we would so and still keep them around becasue they have other uses . 
  non lethal guns are what ? 
  almost all guns are designed speciffically for mass killing . 
  they could sometimes be used for competitions . 
  many knives are designed specifically for food processing . 
  they could sometimes be used for killing . 
  see the root of the issue ? 
  precisely . 
  what ? 
  what ?!, 
  the creators of items * do * have free will and they will turn them to a form that extends that will . 
  they are not random metal pieces and wood . 
   banning guns accomplishes the same thing . 
  do you not care about the 5 ' 2 '' 110lb woman that has to walk home at night ? 
  or the war veteran that lost his leg to an ied ? 
  appeals to emotion can come from both sides but these are really people that can not be expected to fend off or run from a threat to their lives . 
  banning guns for law abiding citizens sends the message to criminals that they will have an extreme unequal advantage against a chosen target . 
  nope . 
  you posing and proving your own argument . 
  countries with strict gun controls dont turn to crime infested chaos . 
  and using terrorist attacks for gun control debate is moot , becasue a ) even if civilians did not hold guns , the responding police officers did , and there were actually armed people inside the charlie hebdo in surpise attacks and hostage situations if you r armed is not is irrelevant , case in point b ) there are a lot of terrorist attacks and mass shottings in the us . 
  none was stopped . 
  at what point of time ? 
  there were a lot of powerful force users through the ages . 
  well pretty much any jedi that had more than 20 sec of screen time , mace windu and the rest of the jedi council were some of the `` strongest '' . 
  really ? 
  being a creepy guy : -10 karma . 
  randomly asking personal favors from random people : -50 karma . 
  giving total strangers the location and personal information of your girlfriend : priceless . 
  modern bombing is centered around precision strikes . 
  strategic bombing on the other hand is centered around '' [ how fast can we reach nuclear weapon effects with conventional explosives ? 
  '' ] ( http://freewestradio.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/dresden-afterbombs.jpg ), 
  are you looking for any help ? 
  ok scratch that . 
  can i send a dude into antartica with a snuggie and some meat jerky for `` scientific research '' ? 
  i am a rookie , well , in pretty much anything . 
  but i can try my hand in a bit of social media promotion while might do some basic modeling work ( maps , props ) . 
  strict volunteer basis of course since i know you probably do n't have the resources . 
  i think what you make has potential to be a great game . 
  if you need community building ... come to think about it , do you have a website/blog/weekly update etc etc ? 
  [ it all started along time ago , in another small blue planet , far far away . 
  ] ( http://www.boston.com/news/source/399nasafrog-2.jpg ), 
  also it is a fashion . 
  after bell bottoms , shoulder pads , huge platform shoes , backwards jeans and [ macaronis ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/macaroni_%28fashion%29 ) we have to understand that young people will always wear any silly thing , because they do n't care to be presentable to anyone else but their peers . 
   so it 's anyone 's guess who would have won . 
  the elves would lost , sooner or later . 
  with the kingdoms of men destroyed they would fight a losing battle with no chance of help , and with every elf fallen their power will diminish greatly , while orcs can replenish their numbers extremely fast . 
  some elves will escape to the west , but eventually that road will close ( and pretty fast , since shire is practically undefended ) . 
  there was no force or alliance that could defeat sauron by force of arms alone , that is specifically stated in the books . 
  they bought some weeks or months for minas tirith ? 
  even then , sauron will get the humans first , who where too close to comfort , and then siege the elves slowly to extinction . 
  if the ring was not found and destroyed , all of middle earth from umbar to angmar and from lonely mountain to the grey havens would have been conquered . 
  the only survivors from death and slavery would be the few elves that went to the west . 
  what do you mean you lost him ? 
  if you released him , i think he goes back to where you first met him . 
  if he disappeared after a screen change for no reason , it is a glitch and i do n't think there is a way . 
   nor the instinct to use magic, 
  where do you base that ? 
  aliens have shown to be expert hunters with their natural weapons really fast after bursting . 
  they are known to utilize their acid blood ( alien 3 + 4 ) , their camouflage ( alien ) , pack cooperation and tactics ( aliens ) , and most importantly there is a notion that they use genetic material from their hosts to adapt and defeat them , hence the whole parasitic cycle . 
  for a creature that its own image is affected from the hosts genetic material , a `` magic gene '' would be just another natural weapon to use . 
  while i certainly ca n't picture aliens casting spells , they would probably have some innate magical abilities like the invisibility of the threshals , the gaze of the basilisk or the regeneration of the phoenix . 
  either way we are sooo fucked . 
  and dont get me started on the queens ... 
  if smaug was still alive , then either bilbo never went to the journey or he failed and died . 
  either way the ring never reached frodo . 
  i thought that was obvious . 
   you can easily cross it from one side to another walking ( and you can do that a few times in a day, 
  what . 
  most historical centers are small . 
  but generally when you say brussels you refer the metropolitan area , which takes more than a day to walk , i can assure you . 
  and i am three months here . . 
  i had that problem with [ unforgiven ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0105695/ ) a few days ago .
