  this is pretty normal occurance these day bro . 
  so you are still not going to the cta , only this time you are hiding from your own alliance in case they find out and punish you . 
  if you start behaving like a child that stole from the cookie jar , maybe thats because your alliance is treating you as a child and not an adult . 
  maybe he should find another alliance that will . 
  so now you are saying that * renters * invaded you ? 
  man you sound so salty with pf , you are in every thread about them even it has nothing to do with you or your alliance . 
  you forgot the part were they still lose , then they awox their own members to feel better . 
  traitors got ta trait . 
  touche, 
  more satisfying content could be found elsewere instead of wasting everyones time for some renter systems ? 
  everyone is vacationing in the north and fcon is stuck dealing with gigx being gigx ? 
   they knew full well what i did . 
  you are actually proving my point . 
  co2 is claiming that pf is the aggresor . 
  also during the war ( as seen in clone wars ) sidious manipulated everything to get both more direct control of the goverment , kill/discredit any dissenting senators and take over the financial apparatus of the republic . 
  so the vote to abolish the republic and slandering the jedi was pretty much ex post facto and a propaganda piece for public consumption . 
  do n't quote me on that , but that might happen * because * you wash your hair regularly before . 
  i have read somewhere that your skin overcompensates because your skin is so dry and supposedly it will return to normal after a while if you down wash regularly . 
  again do n't quote me on that . 
  possibly . 
  i aint no doctor . 
  awwww :( sorry man . 
  i think 2 * thousand * 6 hundrend years is can be called `` thousands of years '' no ? 
  i can also see compromised council members manipulating/goading the `` clean '' ones to launch . 
  did you guys run out of blues to awox and decided to expand to new , * very * promising markets ? 
  gigs might fight for his monopoly though . 
  they had already widoted that head during the logo design process . 
  just fyi dont call albanians slavs in rl . 
  you are going to get stabbed . 
  i told you !, 
  thosr albanians will get you anywhere !, 
  even if they have to stab your selfrespect !, 
  probably both . 
  and keep in mind that 2 % in jita will scale with the more pricey things you move . 
  2 % from 10 t2 modules might not seem much but from 100 or 1000 every day ... 
  if you want to really become a marketeer im eve and have the preservance to keep doing it , gongrats its the most profitable thing in the game by far . 
  but to get there be prepared to read spreadsheets for hours and hours and hours . 
  also check third party app that help you out with market listings , wallet journal etc and eve apraisal that you can check ietem prices in most trade hubs ( with some lag ), 
  recheck my comment because i edited it . 
  i personally , have never found a more appropiate use for this : http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/738/025/db0.jpg, 
  like i am going to care to go through someones history just for sone shit talking . 
  they banned members from exporting ore at all forms . 
  they either have to use it in null or sell it to the alliance . 
  this is not a joke . 
  ccp is testing diffent forms of dailies for the past 2 years without fucking the economy . 
  we havent seen the last iteration . 
  and the courrier npc missions with eurotruck simulator missions . 
  no much because the mechanics of the game dont allow it . 
  if the departind `` president '' can kick everyone out and steal all their stuff its kinda hard to do it , 
  it would be pretty dope though . 
  decide between long hauls , fast hauls , dangerous destination hauls ( lowsec/nullsec ) . 
  it would help bring more content everywhere . 
  yup !, 
  and items will be special different sized special `` parcels '' and with destinations being random , no cheeky ways to farm them . 
  you actually have to make the route . 
  i actually like how both masters of subterfuge are out of their depth because they were used to manipulate and meander through the normal game of the court with easy to read nobles . 
  now shit are going down , dothraki with their weird morals are prancing around , a queen that if she gets hurt three dragons will go berserk all over the country , frozen zombies invading from the north , weird children that can quote your very words against you , teenage ninja girls that can go head to head with one of the best swords ( wo ) men in westeros ... 
  it goes a long way of demonstrating a core idea of the show that petty power games and court intrigue means nothing when there is a big wondrous and dangerous world out there . 
  it would just be annoying , nothing would change . 
  you are missing all the times they made a fanfare that clara will die or at least leave the show , with triumphant mysic and character being teary eyed ... only for her to come back no worse for wear . 
  damn they pulled this off even in her final appearence !, 
  she gets marked for death . 
  noone escapes that !, 
  the doctor is pissed and mourning !, 
  but nooo clara was superspecial for some reason and she just had to come back every.single.time . 
  that wasnt a companion , that was a nasty case of chlamydia . 
  it took them almost 2 years but they are heeeerreee !, 
  brutal . 
  damn i have to call my dietitian . 
  reading this post surely put me above my allowed daily intake of nacl . 
  it gets better after the first half of the first season . 
  it seems you still are a greek citizen . 
  every greek male is automatically added on the draft lists in birth . 
  it has nothing to do with the school system . 
   afaik im not greek, 
  guess again !, 
  like many other countries , your parents nationality is what counts to be considered a citizen , not your place of birth . 
  if you got drafted , you have greek citizenship from your parent . 
  pretty much everyone is obliged by the law to register himself and their children in the registry , and since he was greek citizen you got the greek citizenship ( and the draft ) automatically . 
  there are not many ways to avoid this ( duh ! ) . 
  again school * by itself * has nothing to do with this . 
  like any other country , to do anything you need official papers and its actually illegal not to have them . 
  all in all the problem was your father ignoring the papers for the draft , ( by the way the conscription is as common knowledge to greek males as is the name of the queen to british people , so its not likely he was n't aware ) , and then not informing you what the hell is going on . 
  there is nothing weird in how the state behaved in your case . 
  were you not a registered resident in the various municipalities you lived all these years ? 
  you should be able to trace your residence from there and get proof . 
  pretty much most of the countries of the world follow that rule . 
  there are other european countries that have conscription ( denmakr , norway , switzerland ) or had until very very recently ( germany stopped it only in 2011 for example ) , even when almost all their neighbors were in a friendly disposition . 
  also its * banana republic * . 
  so you invaded and took 1 system , but somehow its the other guys that are aggressors . 
  i mean even in your post you used this verb :, 
   reacting, 
  what you are saying can be applied to schizophrenia , that has genetic roots as well . 
  are you against people taking medication , or that we do n't need to find a `` cure '' ? 
  but you * are * against research for the possibility of finding medication ? 
  and by your own admission it seems that even if it did existed you will not take it no ? 
   i do n't believe the two are analogous . 
  they are both behavioral changes caused by genetic reasons . 
  it seems you are saying that autism can not be classified as something curable because it is genetic . 
  schizophrenia is not the same how ?
