  getting all your crops to give 20 % more yield but risking losing them because they are weak , leading to thousands dying from famine is not success . 
  the first blade and spawn kept comic movies afloat until the explosion of the 2000s, 
  there is no overpopulation issue . 
  the malthusian theory is under fire , and there are indications that global population will stabilise close to the 10-12 bil mark . 
  we have a problem of efficiency and climate damage particularly from the western world and some developing countries . 
  but thats not a problem of numbers but political decisions and policies . 
  what i am trying to say is that genetic modification is an extremely complex puzzle that has no ultimate `` you win all '' goal . 
  usually the best you can do is specialisation for a specific and narrow use and you can live with the other drawbacks it would cause , for example , the better yield but susceptible to disease crops or useful but deformed and short lived dogs . 
  and for long term its irrelevant because mutations will always appear due to environmental factors like ambient radiation . 
  so there is no `` ultimate form '' you can achieve , and if someone tried it would be like trying to grasp water due to constant random mutations . 
  4 duplicate posts , quite rare to see . 
  you need to clean that keyboard my man . 
  that is not even eugenics . 
  eugenics would be if the parents aborted their kid to keep the line pure . 
  or sterilised their kid after realising it was sick . 
  how is the new place ? 
  i really loved the decoration and that you could sit outside in the small tables during the summer without the major hustle of people of nearby grand place , even if the view wasnt great . 
  still awesome coffee though . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  no its not , because eugenics has a clear meaning . 
  the word is not a philosophical concept with various interpretations . 
  eugenics is the term of trying to manipulate the genetic code by artificial means for achieving a `` good result '' . 
  it * literally * means `` good * lineage * '' in greek ( \u03b5\u03c5 + \u03b3\u03b5\u03bd\u03bf\u03c2 ) . 
  merriam webster :, 
   [ definition of eugenics ] ( https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/eugenics ), 
   a science that deals with the improvement ( as by control of human mating ) of hereditary qualities of a race or breed, 
  aborting a fetus because of a disease that will plague its life is not eugenics . 
  aborting a fetus to stop the spreading of `` bad '' genes * is * . 
  it was already in the plus when it was linked . 
  you should award xp the first time a character finds an * appropriate * rp reason to say :, 
  `` clever girl '', 
  `` life/magic ... uh . . finds a way '', 
  `` white wizard , after careful consideration i 've decided not to endorse your island . '', 
  `` hold on to your butts . '', 
  orthodox priests indeed can marry , but cant advance in ranks if they do , either due church rules or tradition , i am not entirely sure . 
  if catholics allow the conversion of a priest and him be able to hold the role afterwards then that 's the situation . 
  highly rare i would presume . 
  good luck getting found though . 
  no * pre-teen * sewer orgies . 
  i think seminary training is a must . 
  and they spend some time as ehm , `` trainees '' if they want to become monks . 
  even a a raised orthodox i dont know more details than that . 
  you can always present opportunities though and see if they catch the bait . 
  can you explain whst you meam about the ending ? 
  even if they keep the basic storyline , which is good ( villain wins by playin everyone ) it would be way better if they aged anakin . 
  teen in menace suffering a crush for same age padme , 20-30 young hotshot in clone wars ( prety much current anakin ) , middle aged badass general with battle fatigue in rots . 
  and everyone forgets about the orthodox . . 
  oldies but goodies : sid meyers pirates and port royale 2 . 
  eugenics from the individual instead of the state . 
  i fail to see what is the difference . 
  it still eugenics and using medical procedures to get a better individual . 
  in paper it might not seem so , but in reality is an extremely dangerous thing , particularly if it involves , `` beauty '' genes like height , skin color etc. 
  thats a prime way to create castes !, 
  its an open map game . 
  it has similar basic gameplay as port royale but vastly more streamlined and better graphics ( for the time of course ) . 
  no extensive trade fore xample and has a storyline . 
  i am a huge fun of pirate games and one of the best if not the best as of now is ac black flaf as other have said though . 
  you do realise ccp can see every and each action in game right ? 
  dude , the programers can see everything . 
  every action you take since loging in is send to their servers . 
  you can not hide if they want to find you . 
  heck even another player can see most of your shit from a simple api check . 
  the only protection you can have is getting hidden in the huge amount of other normal operations done by legit players . 
  dropping a 30b plex from an ibis is not that . 
   do you say they have someone omnipotent watching all actions live ... like with a neural interface directly to his brain ? 
   no , they depend on meta data and logfiles ... and if you want to hide a transaction , you need to find a way to ** rip an item off it 's meta data ** or do it in a way that is mostly unlogged !, 
  you have no idea how stuff work do you ? 
  each item in game has a database id . 
  you can not delete that or rip or whatever . 
  they probably have automatic systems that trigger based on common rmt schemes and then someone checks it out . 
  1 plex changing hands mind not trigger alarms , but 30 you can bet your ass . 
   you just need to do something they are likely not watching . 
  true . 
  however in this case we are discussing how feasible is to jet can dozens of plexes in one go . 
  also a more mundane reason , anakin is layng right next to a lava river without shield defence anymore . 
  that means clothes and hair combust simply by how hot the air is , as we see with anakin . 
  too dangerous to get close too . 
  try to drop a box right above an active volcano with heat waves and smoke , whole harassed by 9 fell beasts and their ringwraiths . 
  fail and air deliver the ring to sauron . 
  and you cant use the force this time !, 
  alternate ending to fight club ? 
  how did g. w bushs terms went with two wars , trillion of dollars lost , thousands of soldiers and hundrends of thousands of civilians dead , and the worst economic crisis since the great depression ? 
  somewhat in the middle ? 
  that doesnt doynd like flu dude ... 
  [ everyone knows stars are past kings looking down on us . 
  but he decides to chill around the place where his love got killed by him and got betrayed chopped up and burned by his best buddie ? 
  it does , but fir the same reason he would at least visit the only other place he lost a loved one, 
  eagle are not fully intelligent or have a different intelligence than men and elves ( its not very clear ) . 
  it would be impossible to convince them to do so . 
  and you still run the chance of him getting caught by the flying nazgul or missing and crashing . 
  volcano heat waves are a bitch to fly through . 
  ahhhh yes those are the final wirds rught ? 
  i have many many years to read it , actually it was one of the first if not the first `` adult '' book i read . 
  i hid high hopes for the movie . . 
  thanks for your message !, 
  in the devil worshipers update they say that they can be hunted by your priest . 
  dont knoe about burning though, 
  if people like that didnt exist we would not need police , lawyers and courts . 
  at least not that many . 
  i thought hybernia cones from the greek \u03a5\u03c0\u03b5\u03c1\u03b2\u03bf\u03c1\u03b5\u03b9\u03b1 that rougly translates to `` land in the utter north '' ?
