  you cant in invent stuff out of thin air . 
  ok that was unexpected pain . 
  wait so they are okay with beheading , crucifixions , child killing , human sacrifice and medieval bdsm , but they draw the line in two nipples ? 
  it actually contradicts the idea you presented , `` everything and everyone has * gone * to shit '' . 
  you have to start somewhere . 
  and it is fan speculation , not even a canon * hint * or implication . 
  i dont consider this cheating , since you are overcoming game limitations.for example i cant communicate with my allies to plan future wars or i cant help factions . 
   storm ' by don lawrence, 
  you cant even imagine how many years i am looking for this . 
  my sister gave me one when i was a child ( 7-8 ) and the visuals had stuck to me since.thank you !, 
  i see that humor as a way for lonely , weird , messed up super beings to cope with what is happening around them . 
  like the rumor that a lot of successful comedians are medically depressed in real life . 
  you will notice that as the carnage escalates the humor becomes more common while between battles they are more down to earth and serious . 
   they could not maintain a base in the us . 
  hmm you do realize that the world includes canada and mexico , right ? 
  i like your ( albeit misguided ) optimism . 
  you also realize that world at war means absolutely no imports or exports , right ? 
   there 's a word for people that figure out a more efficient way to get shit done : unemployed . 
  story of my life . 
  internet atheists confusing religious crazies usually from the us with the billions of religious moderates is ok , while religious people calling internet atheists annoying gets the virtual pitchforks out . 
  are you sure they are not wasps ? 
  depending on the height , its either too low to kill you outright , so you can survive for a long time , your broken bones having pierced your entire body , or too high , and your body goes splat and looks like a ripe tomato exploded on the pavement . 
  closet casket is the only option . 
  silver lining if you survive : you get basass [ tatoos ] ( http://images.mnn.com/sites/default/files/user/130154/winston-scar-1.jpg ) made literally by the unstoppable forces of nature !, 
  this is really weird . 
  are you stung in your house/office/back yard or hiking in the nature ? 
  can i do an experiment as a complete novice ? 
  in the case the pc absolutely does n't respond ( no powering up with black screen , that a completely different case ), 
  - test the power cable ( sounds stupid , but i had issues with cables that looked normal , but in reality they where oh so slightly off position ) . 
  - check the psu that probably died . 
  if those do n't work , i move to heavier stuff :, 
  check that all components ( ram , graphics card if it exists etc ) are in their proper sockets and secured . 
  - test if the motherboard is working . 
  - next suspect is the processor . 
  is the airways blocked that could cause a meltdown ? 
  is the paste ok ? 
  did someone bumped the case and misaligned it from his place ? 
  etc etc, 
  if i am checking the device on site , i might even check if the fuses are ok . 
  some buildings can have the electrical lights in a different fuse than the power sockets . 
  also sounds stupid , but it has happened . 
  how did i go ? 
  where i was wrong and what should i have done differently ? 
  i am not trying to play it smart , just trying to check my knowledge and get better . 
  the thing is that i am thinking about switching into it after a different career , and while i was a pc enthusiast since i was 6 , i am scared shitless that recruiters are going to literraly laugh by the absence of formal education for this industry . 
  but i have heard ( and personally experienced ) people with very good cvs that are utterly atrocious . 
  i am trying to gauge where i stand and if it is a pipe dream ( mind you i just look for the lowliest of low entry positions , but something that will offer me hands-on experience ), 
  thank you for your advice !, 
  is there a way to get certifications without a job ? 
  thinking of going for completely new uni degree ( probably cs ) . 
  i have n't got the chance to get an offer , mostly because i also recently moved to a new country that i do n't have the primary language ( s ) ( even if people from the inside tell me english is used all the time , probably i get rejected due to labor laws ) , so i have to tackle that first . 
  its an uphill battle , but hell , i love it !, 
   somewhere below the surface . 
  do you think digging it out involves a shovel ? 
  are you aware of the [ eitci ] ( http://www.eitci.org/ ) certification ? 
  the difficulty is to find something that has value , and not a paper to put on the wall . 
   is the power out on that whole wall ( circuit ) ? 
  i did mention to check the possibility the power outlet ( different fuses ) as the issue . 
  about the contacting the manufacturer , i presume this is company policy . 
  i spoke as an individual and my thought process to eliminate easy to check issues before moving on to more difficult/time consuming . 
   a general never plans to get himself killed , so being close to one generally means you wo n't be dying . 
  unless he is a spartan ... 
  i checked the sample test ... the majority of the questions were ... surprisingly easy . 
  shit , from the sidebar :, 
   we do n't want to hear about how you feel when someone 's body , presentation , or gender does or does n't suit your specific desires . 
   comments showing blatant sexism and objectification of cosplayers will be removed and posters will be banned without warning . 
  this includes marriage proposals , jokes , and references to the source material . 
  i understand that having rules against comments like `` boobies !! 1 !, 
  `` is as normal as / r/spiders forbidding the `` kill it with fire '' shitposts , but having 2/3 of your subreddit rules dedicated to this . . 
  the letters are actually completely modern greek . 
  ancient greek used some ( in rare cases ) additional or different drawn letters . 
  you where immensely helpful . 
  i was looking for way to improve my cv and you pointed the way . 
  again , a big thank you . 
  places can be foci of the force ( like the cave in dagobah ) . 
  constructions `` powered '' by the force do require conventional power sources , but they are also attuned to the force . 
  like force users , they required mundane ways ( food ) but for their `` special abilities '' they required the force . 
  for an example , the [ star forge ] ( http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/star_forge ) of the rakata was siphoning power from a nearby star , but also had the dark side to fully achieve its unparallelled construction rate ( it could create a spaceship armada in weeks ) . 
  so your car would require a normal engine and components to function properly , but imbuing it with the force would allow it to achieve unique properties ( self repairs , faster speeds etc ) . 
  the downside was that this place where essentially `` possessed '' or `` haunted '' , with force objects and places influencing their users/inhabitants . 
  or alzheimer will shield you from the deaths of your best friends , beloved spouce , even your childen if you are close in age . 
  you will not even understand that , this is it , your options to do something different in your life are gone , most people that have known you in your prime are dead and when you die , pretty soon you will be uterrly forgotten . 
  you will be happy as a baby while you pee your pants and dont even care . 
  dementia is a curse for your loved ones , not for you . 
  there where [ greek collaborators ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/axis_occupation_of_greece#collaboration ) that got armed from the germans into the so called security battalions to fight the `` communists '' . 
  when germany left , the victorious english and later americans kept them around to fight the communists ( without the '' '' anymore , since they also became radicalized ) in the greek civil war . 
  this created a hard far right core that plagued greece for decades , got low during the 80s-90s and reemerged now , first with laos and when it imploded , to golden dawn . 
  greek mythology is easy man . 
  gods where petty creatures that loved fucking everything that moved , consent be damned . 
  from those sexual escapades , awesome people where born , that did amazing things . 
  they where so awesome , that they eventually got into their heads they are more awesome than the gods . 
  petty gods take offense and punish them with cruel curses . 
  the end . 
   meh , he could have gotten alexander the great confused as a greek, 
  really honest question . 
  why do you say he was not greek ( like for example , pericles ? 
  the enemy soldiers are either small specks hidden on the bushes in big maps or on your face in small maps.find cover and crawl until you have good view of the area . 
  stand still and you will notice movement in the horizon.that is you enemy . 
  and pericles was athenian , dionysus was from syracuse and leonidas from sparta . 
  what does his home region has to do with his culture ?
