  by the way , we are offering free nose cuts for a limited time !, 
  thank you !, 
  yup . 
  new guy in brussels with limited french . 
  i love your tag . 
  yeah we where the most badass man lovers in ancient greece . 
  and that not an empty title for the time and place . 
  well it was n't premeditated , but when you see your chance you have to get it . 
  so you are saying that the greek fighter killed turkish fighters in a pretty justified war ? 
  the horror !, 
  edit : also the turkish casualties are around [ 40k ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_war_of_independence ) not even close to 100k . 
  true i only counted the military loses . 
  a dark spot in our history . 
  unfortunately the greek rebels were not a very unified army , but various roaming bands of warriors that united to win the independence . 
  that 's why the revolution became a civil war pretty fast . 
  for me it is the ultimate zombie game . 
  a grim sandbox survival game where every play-through is different , and zombies are really a menace . 
  and you can experience stuff from all those movies you love . 
  oh you have found a safe place and supplies . 
  lets turn on the lights . 
  wait , did i forget to close the curtains on that back window like i am those idiots from a b-movie ? 
   bump <, 
  whose there at the door ?!, 
  hello ? 
  is this nirvana ? 
  she will pull a [ heel - face turn . 
  ] ( http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/main/heelfaceturn ), 
  yup , that seems more possible than my suggestion . 
  if i spray my child with small pox and then send him to school is there any difference ? 
   arguably-bad-but-still-has - ** a-right-to-exist **, 
  and there is your problem . 
  that game and any 18 + game has the right to exist . 
  nobody argued that . 
  freedom of speech and freedom of expression protects you from any government service . 
  a * private * company like valve on the other hand , has the right to decide the product it is selling . 
  either for promotional reasons , or financial reasons they are against it for now . 
  no petition is going to change that because the risk ( damaging the brand name ) is too great compared to the possible gains . 
  there is no `` moral panic '' , and also steam does n't `` cater to everyone '' . 
  the `` moral puritanism '' in gaming you are claiming is a joke when games like gta and god of war are selling like coke in a 80 's yuppie meeting with advertising everywhere , [ even on goddamn walls ] ( http://www.hybridgames.co.uk/grandtheftauto/gta5/news/mural-on-figueroa-hotel-in-los-angeles-is-finished/gta5-figueroahotel-mural003.jpg ) . 
  it all revolves around a business decision . 
  last time i checked , the death by cop for the black people in belgium is 0 . 
  its not about the kids its about the money . 
  brand image affects money . 
  end of story . 
  america is less racist than europe ? 
  really ? 
  generalizing is n't going to help it . 
  explicit content are not just `` something you do n't like '' . 
  it can be tacky for the neutral customer , and seriously annoy the conservative that will rise a stink . 
  incurring bad publicity . 
  all that for what ? 
  a 0.1 % increase in sales for a niche of a niche ? 
  also according to your example mcdonalds should hire strippers and hookers to pole dance next to the counters . 
  healthy food is not going to scar 3 year-old minds . 
  and yet again you see that companies do n't really have an option sometimes ( mcdonald 's probably not going to try that again ) . 
  in our case all the ways it could go wrong are obvious to layman , imagine how obvious is to a person responsible for a whole company /, 
   missing a single day of work from being sick costs more than that . 
  unless , you know , you are from every other western nation except the us . 
  that 's not cringe that 's alpha . 
  from the gladiators to the aztecs , human blood was spilled for bread and circuses until relatively recently . 
  hence while it is surely improbable , it is not impossible . 
  i aint coming back even if you drag me by my balls . 
  are we back to first grade where when you argument is flawed you close your ears and yell `` cant hear you '' ? 
  an xxx dining room with a huge mc donalds name over it . 
  right , no problem with that . 
  hatred will not generate the same controversy as japanese bukkake . 
  but blame the society for that , not valve . 
  gog . 
  seriously those guys are doing a great job so far . 
  joke aside , in a perfect world i think a service like porn netflix would have a blast . 
  services would include hq full movies from all the companies ( both new productions and classics ) , proper search by genres , actor , director , year . 
  all this with no popups , no ads , no 345 sign-here-with-your-credit card ... hmm, 
  i am looking for investors guys !, 
  the 1-2 that are not actually complete shovel ware ( even then , one is an apparent candy crush clone ) . 
  but hey those 2-3 are worthy for the 2000 shitty look boobies that would flood the steam market . 
  witcher , mass effect , dragon age and gothic have erotic scenes . 
  while not explicit , they mostly shy from the fade to black . 
  this is about porn , pure and simple . 
  just the gui changes ... 
  it was already known she had issues to begin with . 
  so no only he gave coke to a recovering addict , he gave coke to a recovering addict with serious mental issues . 
  oh i got a message by the admins . 
  it was '' we asked you so many times . 
  did you got a gift or not . '', 
  lovely . 
  thank god my ss actually delivered eventually . 
  late and i had to pay fees but i got something . 
  i have lived both in greece and belgium . 
  both countries with a lot of immigrants . 
  it is not racism , it is classism . 
  the fascist parties and the far right rising is nothing out of the extraordinary.when the middle class loses its wealth it will turn faschist . 
  as surely as the lower classes are going to turn to communism . 
  it has nothing to do with color and everything with the massive poverty effecting everyone . 
  when you are loosing your money , you need someone to blame , and anything out of the ordinary is considered dangerous . 
  it is quite normal to see those percentages . 
  but i would like to point out that greece , who everyone is crying that is turning fascist , tomorrow will vote a far left `` open the borders '' , `` help the immigrants '' party with probably wide margin . 
  not exactly a white supremacist nest hmm ? 
  you can make the game harder . 
  here dorfy dorfy dorfy !, 
  come back to your barracks !,
