  but that alliance had good diplomatic relations with more powerfull ones that teamed up to assist it . 
  if you are planning to play solo and stay in the `` safe '' areas of the game , iy sucks ass ( most people that claim it is boring never got past that point ) . 
  if you join even a semi compenent group of players its the best mmorpg out there . 
  you are misding the point . 
  people that get into eve are warned early that betraying and stealing is part of the gameplay . 
  heck the people that got betrayed in this case have pulled another momentous betrayal about 1.5 year ago . 
  its like playing diplomacy the board game and claiming the player that betrayed you stole the hours you have poured into the game so far . 
  three of random , very new players ( a month ) i know experienced this first hand . 
  you have no idea what you are saying, 
  yeah dude went crazy , and i find it very sad his paranoia spree didnt become more well known in the community . 
  still with kyle and co ? 
  i will ask him next time . 
  well , have you ever played poker and ever claimed the dude that bluffed you an `` immoral liar ? '', 
  no , its on the rules of the game . 
  if it wasnt ( and lots of people had tried to find loopholes ) people would have been banned ( as it has happened ) . 
  generally , ccp would give you back your stuff if you lose it to a glitch a disconnect or something else . 
  heck it might give you your stuff even if you got killed by other players due to out of game reasons ( disconnect for example ) . 
  but you lost your stuff due to player fiat , and he used legit ways ? 
  its fair game . 
  its like getting pissed for playing a board game witha traitor role ( look them up , they are quite in vogue ) . 
  aww man now i an sad . 
  you guyd got so burned out that you stopped playing while kyle and co went and hid in a wormhole . 
  fuck winet . 
  fcon is eu strong you dumbass . 
  you are like , a random line member right ? 
  at least i hope you are because if you in * any * position of power this war is even more of a farce than i thought . 
  sincerely good luck man . 
  you are going to need it . 
  i am sorry , but if he is critisizibg bad history he should be on point . 
  the visigoths one might be excusable , but calling rome `` the center of christianity '' is a big error . 
  even for catholics , jerusalem holds a very very special place . 
  olt testament can be ignored in most denominations . 
  you will find tgat they follow the better part of the new testament . 
  you know , the reasons cristians are christians and not jews . 
  i mean , if i do that , we might lose our certified number nerd . 
  we placate him with womens , booze , and occasional dumb pvp . 
  he didnt even make that distiction . 
  try these kids as they should according to the letter of the law , ignoring the color of their skin . 
  dismantle a system that puts pressure on thousands based on * their * color to fuel the private prison industry . 
  you can do both . 
  ignoring pressure effects and other stuff , depends on were you at . 
  hidden from the sun , you would freeze slowly ( not flash freeze like scifi movies present ) because the body disdipates heat via other processes . 
  if you were at the sun , you eould start overheating , with one side of you would start getting sunburned more than the other because the heat would be focused on one side and there is no atmosphere to `` spread '' the temperature . 
  could be , my knowledge goes so far . 
  even humidity escaping from sweating could effect it . 
  i have read that you are going to lose heat via infrared as well . 
  point is , lack of air doesnt mean you dont lose temperature . 
  just slower . 
  ** tradition **, 
  do people report them ? 
  unless they do ccp is not likely to notice 2 lines of text in the thousands generated every second . 
  ccp does ban people , at some point in a big alliance i was there was standing orders not to post shit like porn into `` open '' channels , even the fleet channel , because `` ccp ban '' pvp was a thing . 
  that it would be better if it first shows the colonists first laughing at the bunnies , then a solar flare and an eclipse hit at the same time shutting of the defences . 
  panel with bunnies eating the colonists . 
  que last panel with cassandra giggling all cutesy . 
  just wait to see our [ windows ] ( http://www.zolawindows.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/zola-tiltturn-animated3.gif ), 
  apparentlly not . 
  they are quite uncommon in the us outside some areas . 
  and they caused this themselves !, 
  winey pissing one person and igniting the biggest war in eve should be a promo video where one guy changes the entire map of eve . 
  too bad he was a crazy jackass aussie so his comms are exactly the opposite to attract players . 
  right ?!, 
  they are giving mittens a run for his money !, 
  keep their indepedence as legacy coalition ? 
  because now legacy is weaker limiting their options and co2 is dead ( and they would be evicted anyways even if judge havent put them down ) . 
  gigx pulled a leroy jenkins on alliance level . 
  legacy was neut with pretty much everyone , just with nips because the south was trying to keep its uneasy indepedence , and they needed to band up regularly versus the powerblocks trying to screw around the area . 
  legacy + phoenix federation and even providence had showed up to fight both goons and pl incursions , and then went back to roaming each others space for rorqual kills . 
  but now due to the stupidity of tri+c o2 , this balance has broken . 
  test at some point will have to pick either the drf or goons nip , possibly falling under the influence of either by neccessity , while phoenix fed had formaly joined drf getting tied in that powerblock . 
  this war only helped strengthen the blue donut because the `` little guys '' fought amongst themselves . 
  good job . 
  oh yes an while legacy was busy fighting the russians i am sure pl and goons would keep in the sidelines and not take advantage . 
  god it no wonder you fucked up so royarly . 
  there is calculated risk to achieve your goals and there is `` jumping from a cliff with an umbrella for a parachute '' risk . 
  which they would be able to do with being deployed in the east to attack drf , sure . 
  or they could go back to hit a general , `` lets kill co2 '' goon offensive and leave drf free . 
  and meanwhile pl has taken the golden chance to shit on test and brave once again , either third partying as they already did and troll sov or out right hurt them . 
  i am sure it test/tri/co2 would fare very well with all three of the powerblocks gunning for their death . 
  something something valhalla something something guudfight until everyone would get bored getting farmed . 
  eve puts the rpg in the mmorpg . 
  only instead of roleplaying `` elf paladin savior of the universe no3745 '' we roleplay generals , diplomats , spies , space truckers , industry moguls , thugs , blackmailers , charismatic cult leaders , bomb throwing anarchists and many more , based on exaggerated versions of our own personalities . 
  you can see this in a killboard . 
  amonst dozens of things that gives you at least a surface insight of what the corp and his members are doing . 
  they took about 3-4 pretty central systems in immensea in the first couple of weeks . 
  not a very huge amount of space all things considered , as at the start of the hostilities fcon and drf were deployed in feythabolis . 
  after co2 officially joined forces with them the focus moved to impass for both sides of the war , while immensea was constantly fought over but without great gains because different tz capabilities . 
  eventually just around the time of co2 was imploding fcon managed to take back all ihubs and defend most timers . 
  now with co2 dead , it seems they are back and hitting hard , i am guessing trying to do so as much damage as possible before test finishes moping up the wreckage of co2 and deploys east , probably so when they inevitably get kicked to npc null they can claim the moral victory for showing `` those scrubs in fcon how the game is played '' and `` we fought the blue donut ! '' . 
  or something . 
  there comibg out of an abusive relationship . 
  it takes sine time to adjust to normal ones . 
  that the whole `` blue donut '' was pushed by the power blocks themselves to break the southern `` medium '' alliances ? 
  tesy was always claiming gigx himself forced their hands and they were good with the line members . 
  you can always join eve at any time . 
  eves skill system works in a `` branch '' way , were specific ships are good for specific uses/jobs/ways of life and you can get decent at them in a matter of weeks or months at worst . 
  this is different than the linear levelling of most mmorpgs , were you always play catch up . 
  for fame , you have to realise despite eve having a very low number of max players compared to other games , due to that it is a single server the game feels massive . 
  you can see thousands of players at the certain locations regularly , be that a market hub or a major fleet engagement . 
  so even if we have are superstars , you can always find a niche or market community .
