  and we are not quite there . 
  or you know , finally manage to colonise the solar system and beyond since we are immortals . 
  i mean 50 years to go to the closest st is nothing wheb you are goin to live billions . 
  unless you think about the butterfly effect . 
  how many thousand of lives have you changed by simply existing much more by your actions ? 
  how much that effect will expand like a domino in time and space ? 
  it could be nothing , or it could be what makes this universe unique . 
  how people know how snot tastes ? 
  are we back to kindengarden ? 
  swear words exist way before either romantic or germanic languages appeared in the scene . 
  sacrificing willingly someone for tactical gain ? 
  that doesnt sound like the light side ... 
  in modern greek eros means wanting someone with passion/lust/have a crush on him . 
  the word that translates to love means deep love like between a couple that are going steady or between family members . 
   all he did was prolong injustice , war , and death . 
  how would he know that ? 
  from what i understand , the jedi where caught by surprise . 
  even if the knew the extend of the betrayal ( and not many knew until they got shot ) they could n't know that the republic is about to die and turn into the empire , and know the empire will build a planet annihilating weapon . 
  from his viewpoint , anakin and the chancellor just turned traitor . 
  usually the area that those flares are lit are where the fanatic fans are going to be and a lot of the times are immidietely bought ( or some footbal companies sale them directly ) by the fun clubs they belong to . 
  the chance of a random dude beeb there is very low . 
   0-1 or some shit . 
  hey guys !, 
  gladiator fights are boring because sometimes the guy needs to be stabbed only once !, 
  said no roman ever . 
  they where comparing revan vs juhani . 
  this is fucking bullshit . 
  compare the scenes of anakin in the speeder and how awful it looks with `` who framed roger rabbit '' for example , which was 20 years older yet it still is * not * immersion breaking . 
  i do n't know how old are you but at the time , episode i was expected to deliver the cream of the fucking crop in special effects since lucas was considered the master of that . 
  ok 11 years . 
  warning !, 
  past verions of fixt had a bug in junktown where teh entire town turns pemahostile if you get in a fight with the gang in the motel . 
  old comment is old but i just watched the series . 
  darth tyranus name drops syfo-dyas , the jedi that ordered the clones ( he did not , it was count dooku in disguise ) and how he specifically requested for the inhibition chip to be inserted in case the jedi went rogue against the republic ( which is the official imperial version for the jedi purge ) . 
  i think the kaminoans do not know darth tyranus = count dooku = sith lord , and they think he is working for the republic and the chancellor , probably undercover to safeguard it from the jedi . 
  it is stretching a bit because how cant they recognize the voice , but i think that is the case based on the dialog . 
  they definetely seem malicious . 
  it is not very clear but probably they have been fed misinformation by the `` republic '' ( meaning sidious ) that they might turn against the goverment . 
  it seems resonable that the propaganda machine has already started running , since this happened at the eve of the purge . 
  another indication is in the bombing of the jedi temple arc and the public anti war demonstrations in front of it . 
  this is apocryphal and possibly false . 
  owens has stated that it was never intended for hitler to congrats * any * winner . 
   he looked at me like i was the idiot . 
  this so deliciously ironic . 
  no life . 
  exploring is easier in null because of the limited signatures . 
  if you go to a wh you can get 10 signatures and almost none of them could be of any use , especially sicne in whs there are exploration sites that spawn with drifter npcs in tehm ( that will rape your ship ) . 
  in nullsec systems you get 2-5 on average , you scan them down , and if nothing of interest you simply move on to the next system . 
  obviously the 50s . 
  when america was on the very few bombed to hell places in the planet . 
  bu that had nothing to do with that , it was the god bless america values that put her at the top at the time ! / s, 
  i too will be surpised if this is not it . 
  its the seinfield is unfunny effect from tv tropes ( no link because i dont hate people ) . 
  when an old grounbreaking show is watched after all subsequent shows has copied it , it seems boring and unoriginal . 
  i had similar problems with waynes world or office space . 
  some people simply dislike parodies because they want the context of a scene upfront and clear . 
  parodies of the 90s had a lot backround jokes that unless you are trained to where to look you easily miss and obviously , they have a lot of jokes that reference a lot of stuff that are themselves parochial . 
  i mean how many people remember the airplane disaster genre that was so famous in the 70s ( and got killed as legit cinema by airplane by the way ! ), 
  seinfield is mostly an example of the symptom . 
  as for waynes world is mostly how it changed modern language ( it added a couple of common phrases in english ) . 
  oh boy where do we start ? 
  its a stable time loop universe . 
  the black hole would appear there with 100 % probability because by the time they launched the black whole scenes * had already * happened . 
  with some more mundane critizism , they repeatedly stated there is a black hole in the system . 
  black holes are single point in time-space . 
  the script took it bir further to turn that point unto a `` crossroads '' to time . 
  as science giction bullshit , this tame . 
  all avengers get their own starting movies except the hulk . 
  thee us one but it is considered non canon and the second one skips the start of the story . 
  but it really easy to get into . 
  as i said , all others start at complete 0 . 
  firstovie you should try is iron man 1 . 
  the film is supposed to be extremely * critical * of the anti-social behavior and `` revolution '' ffs . 
  if someone sees project mayhem as good thing by the end of the movie he missed almost all of it and/or is a teenager . 
  tl ; dr the fight club participants where a bunch of huge hypocrites . 
  it has no comparison with the turd that us god bless america . 
  you should rewatch the movie . 
  they things they jad to do for leo `` s oscar thu. . . 
  its sad because i have been waiting for his win since the blood diamond , but i will probably not see the one he actually got it . 
  your entire comment after `` neither '' is why people love that movie . 
  its essentially a scetch comedy show ( like what pythons did in tv ) just eith shared character and threadbare overarching plot . 
  the scetches are mostly selfcontained and hilarious so people remember them and easily quote them . 
  it can be part of any media type , book , film etc. 
  even products or other stuff can fall into this caveat . 
  essentially it is for anything that introduced new ideas , those ideas became so widespread they became clichet , and so the original also feels like that . 
  also i hated half life 2 for the same reason . 
  i also didnt find the graphics as groyndbreaking as they said at the time . 
  with a sufficient big asteroid you can almost sterilise the planet . 
  they only creature with at least a chance to escape is us . 
  i did said `` almost '' !, 
  its sexist because daddy has to be carefull or their precious little daughters will be seduced by black communists . 
  if it was implied that it was the full decision of the girl then why make a poster that warns the fathers ? 
  op we call something `` salty '' when there is unneccary drama . 
  in this case the douchebags deserve the hate . 
  well his wisdom was certainly lacking . 
  `` stop fooling around oberyn ! '', 
  interesting trivia : the scary reapers from mass effect are based on cuttlefish . 
  it looks more like an ewok . . 
   it was hardly her fault , she was just the one to uncover it . 
  her answers in the press conference was based on her prejudice about predators , and caused widespread paranoia and discrimination .
