  you do realize for the last 3 years greeks voted mostly the parties that make the measures happen right ? 
  even when those parties have people that are corrupt and where some of those that created that situation , so while on paper they are fixing things , there are strong suspicions that they do n't fundamentally change anything , as both greeks and n. europeans want . 
  but every time a the n.europe gets the holier-than-thu attitude , while ignoring that the system that exists allowed this shit to happen , greeks think that we might just try going outside of europe , and what happens happens . 
  seriously , that was out of touch . 
  to get unemployment benefits , you have to be employed for the previous two years in a full time job , having be laid off or fired and not resigned and then the monthly amount is a whopping 360 euros ( 432 with 2 kids ) for only one year . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.oaed.gr/index.php?option=com_content&amp;view=article&amp;id=216&amp;itemid=360&amp;lang=el ) . 
  real estate prices are not the same everywhere . 
  or is a flat in the city of london has the same rent as nowhereburg , austria ? 
  it has been 60 + since the late 90s . 
  as a former receptionist from athens , a heartfelt and long awaited sorry . 
  if you ever go back to athens , avoid hotels close to the center i.e. 
  plaka and monastiraki and prefer bigger hotels than cheap ones that are going offer shitty service . 
  most of the people who work there are old fashioned `` lets rip the tourists '' . 
  read reviews before you book a hotel . 
  taxis have a set amount of money for going to and from the a irport and ports , ask before you get in ( that goes for every city actually ) . 
  if you trust your hotel , ask them to set up a rendezvous with a taxi , and ask the price before hand . 
  hope i helped !, 
  it is actually syriza . 
   government aid , foodstamps, 
  these things are nonexistent or minimal at best in europe . 
  your point of view is not exactly indicative of other greeks . 
  you father had a very specialized and highly paid job . 
  your friends having 2 or more houses means they are upper class , not upper * middle * class . 
  they are not truly dead , and you need cold water to achieve that . 
  their body goes on slow mode . 
  it is called the [ mammalian diving reflex . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mammalian_diving_reflex ), 
  you are the manager , are n't you ? 
   judging by their parents ' wages, 
  so they bought 2 or more houses with middle class wages ? 
  what are those wages in your fairyland where you can spend thousands of euros just for houses ? 
  oh you are one of those people . 
  i am from greece myself , and i know that a ) inheritance taxes are a bitch . 
  if you are not already well put , it is better to sell the property imminently to pay the taxes and b ) if the bank allowed you to take a loan for a beach house , and not a primary house , you are definitely upper class . 
  or you took the loan for something else and poured the money to beach house , and that 's even worse . 
  i do n't think that 's the urban exploring he wants . 
  a ) unless you where first level relatives ( parents to children ) and b ) again , it was easy to get a loan for a * primary * house ( stegastiko ) especially with a mortgage but not for a beach house . 
  you could get one for the other , but that would be a stupid move , and possibly illegal . 
  '' they '' are parties that enforces the measures and got voted by the greeks , '' things '' are the inefficiencies of the greek economy , and `` do n't change anything '' is the corruption , since those parties have members with direct ties to the issues that plagued greece . 
   i have no idea what you mean , and there is n't enough context for me to figure it out . 
  also it seems you do n't even have some fundamental understanding of greece . 
  how to have an opinion ? 
  i did n't use generic words , a specifically said about the parties that greeks votes for a majority in the last election are implementing the fiscal measures europe sends . 
  where is the generic ? 
  if you do n't know who those parties are then you do n't even know the basics . 
  yeah but the think of the bets ... 
  dargonfucker beatstick the barbarian . 
  imagine all 20 astartes legions ( not chapters ) with their primarchs alive and well , without the loses of the dropsite massacre and battle of terra . 
  with instant ftl travel . 
  so you invite a person fro charlie hebdo to capitalise on the issue , but when the hot potato is in your court you shit your pants so much you cut that person off live on air ? 
  i dont mind not showing the pictures , i can understand it . 
  but doing that on a person that had co workers and friends killed in cold blood is despicable . 
  either you want to delve in the charlie hebdo issue as reporter and face the consequences or you give it a 5 min segment and move on . 
  its not a fucking dickhead . 
  there is no gag . 
  search other times hebdo had that caricature and you will see it is not . 
  yeah i am sure . 
   yeah * i * am sure . 
  violence can be only verbal you know . 
  you do realize that it mocks blind faith and zealots , instead of simply religion . 
  right ? 
  so you have police officers ready to arrest suspects that are armed and ready to use . 
  what is the democratically procedure according to you ? 
  i am not sarcastic i am honestly asking . 
  to * regret * means there where two solutions and you chose the wrong one . 
  if someone decides to suddenly suicide bomb a place , ( so it is not your actions that killed him ) why would you feel regret ? 
  last time i checked there where a lot of people that wanted the terrorists arrested and put on trial , not only because that was the proper way but also not to be seen as martyrs . 
  however that was not an option , so why worry for someones elses decision ( suicide by cop ? ) . 
  you are playing a football match against your opponents and you want to beat them fair and square . 
  they give up the game and score own goals . 
  are you supposed to feel regret for your win ? 
  you do n't make any sense at all . 
   so many people say such uncivilized things and support undemocratic measures . 
  what things ? 
  this is what i do n't understand , you are raving about how everyone turned autocratic , but i have n't seen anything in this thread or anyone else . 
  or you think the idiotic comments in an internet forum is indicative of a whole nation ? 
  i think they started collecting them like other stuff for research , and then they where the first to discover that they are actually evil living toys a la chucky from childs play . 
  and now you have [ that ] ( http://static.giantbomb.com/uploads/scale_small/2/21622/1389185-giddyup_buttercup.jpg ) loading screen with the little girl that you will wonder what happened to her . 
  you never , never , never allow a character to get killed if it is not in the hands of the original player . 
  in your disclaimer , it was in the hands of the player to decide if he was ok or not ( always on a meta level ) . 
  dm kills pc while player was [ on a charity event against cancer ... ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/dnd/comments/2skayr/so_my_dm_killed_me_when_i_missed_a_week_how_do_i/cnqc65u ), 
  [ snapshot of dm on gaming night . 
  ] ( https://metropolitantheatrepublicspace.files.wordpress.com/2010/09/hitler-planning.jpg ), 
  its dead . 
  there is a threshold where you can bounce back , and humanity is way below it . 
  since the planet is under a nuclear winter for the last 20 years , all plants and animals above the rats are extinct or going there . 
  ddesertification from the lack of forest will occur in massive scale sterilizing the soil . 
  imagine the meteor that wiped the dinosaurs , only everything is also radioactive . 
  earth might come back one day , but humanity simply ca n't survive that long . 
  please deactivate you bot , 3 months later and you have n't fixed it . 
   say santa or the easter bunny is real . 
  well , nobody is stopping you . 
  no sarcasm . 
  full-frontal marmalade, 
  full-frontal president, 
  full-frontal tax, 
  yup . 
   also , the ringwraiths were n't teleporting ghosts, 
  oh you are one of those people . 
  oh now you just can buy pork and beef meat from fast foods .
