  i fear if we get people on mars then it is going to fizzle out like it hapoened with the moon , because we would have spent billions of dollars to what is at its core a vanity project that will become `` old news '' and lose support . 
  i would prefer to get to mars in 40 years with a full fleet of autonomous robots than in 20 just to plant a flag . 
  another common misconception about water with the same reason . 
  its not a very good electricity conductor . 
  but the minerals and other small stuff in it * are * and its the reason you die . 
  another possible reason was that larger fireballs are easiest to touch the ground , meaning way more fallout . 
  unless you want to completely deny huge swaths of land , you would go with an airburst.if the bomb explodes low enough it also loses part of its yield due to the ground absorbing part of the explosion . 
  as a matter of fact for those two reason most missiles would detonate like this in case of war . 
  while there was no talks of going full roman empire , on the highly unlikely chance tha greece got constantinople the greek king would quite probably upgrade to an emperor . 
  the new empire would definetely have byzantine characteristics to promote that is a continuation . 
  doubly do if it happen under the then king constantine , for obvious name reasons . 
  if we get a colony or at least a semi-permanent base like in antartica yes . 
  i fail to see the gain from getting there 6 dudes and back . 
  the gains in tech will be massive true , but you can get those with a robotic mission ( robotic meaning a full on base ) and possibly cheaper and safer . 
  and you forget the massive morale drop if something goes wrong , which has high chances of happening . 
  i am still bitter when eve uni dude send me to brought the supplies for their war effort ... and i went there in an unfitted kestrel with a bunch of warp scramblers in cargo . 
  then i got shot in their staging point :( . 
  11 years it stll hurts . 
  ehh i think there was a single guy that was `` messing '' with a newbro in their recruitment channel . 
  still sucked though and i ended up not joining them as a new guy , and i learned eve the gritty way , solo . 
  but because this is eve , if i ever find myself in a position to repay that , i will do it with gusto !, 
  this is a calculated cost that they plan to close , and more , by increased sales due to more people checking the aurum store . 
  since it is such a low amount compared to plex , not many would be lost to that . 
  never heard of discounts before ? 
  there are still earls , dukes and kings in europe . . 
  he is a jedi . 
  a cold war would work if you started map painting at a coalition level , like nato for example . 
  there where many wars these last years , mostly civil , for the `` little guys '' while big powers plaued both the espionage and militaru game . 
  but each regional war should be more flesh out , possibly with many more regions per country , and a vastly improved `` vassal < -  leader '' interaction and subterfuge . 
  iwould love a game that you could effect a country by manipulating it covertly at first , with election fraud , assasination etc and if that process fails a civil war spawns or an enemy power invades to support its local side and you are dragged to it . 
  you have to tip toe around the edge though because nuclear war can fuck everyone up . 
  i really hate the racist undercurrent . 
  apparently iraqis kept fighting because they have been brainwashed by their god-emperor , saddam , due to their culture , while koreans will happily execut kim and side with the us at their first defeat because again `` culture '' . 
  completely ignoring that m.east is a complete fuck because they * also * expected everyone to go against saddam and magically turn ready for a copy pasted western democracy , even after the us invasion left the state broken , most various groups empowered by the us during the war and now ready for round 2 `` who gets to really lead the country '' and the us policy of firing and marginilisng previous regime people led into sectarian violence and radicalisation of many soldiers ... 
  gee i bet those millions of n.korea soldiers and officers will have a jolly good time if they lose everything , including social status and means of living in a case of us victory . 
  they learned nothing . 
  even if didnt , which is nit the case , i am sure there isnt any huge military power right next to their borders with a past of supplying guerilla forces under the table . . oh wait . 
  they where essentially an assembly line dedicated to human extermination . 
  trains with prisoners comes in , they get split to groups , most go directly to the gas chambers ( supposedly shower chambers , that even had fake shower heads ) , except a few that survived long enough to clean the bodies and incinerate them in the ovens , and other various machines for corpse disposal like bone crushers , then * they * were led to the chambers themselves . 
  repeat . 
  at the height of the operations , up to *** 6,000 *** jews were gassed each * day * in auswitz alone . 
  your total ignorance on how people and fanatism works is scary . 
  if you really think me is a total chaos because * 14 * years earlier saddam armed insurgents there is nothing to talk about . 
   nor is there significant anti-us sentiment, 
  is this based in any substantial proof or is it wishful thinking ? 
   our propaganda is quite effective . 
  say that again . 
   well it 's a little hard to get gallup into nk for a poll , but if you look at any of the talks the north koreans that successfully fled to sk have done they paint a pretty optimistic picture for reintegration . 
  yes i bet the guys desperate to flee are from the core strata of the party that enjoy the privileges that entails . 
  sure . 
  you ignore the 1.190 million active personnel that are in one way or another going to lose their jobs , after us bombs everything to hell trying to topple the regime . 
  i bet a huge percentage of those guys will hug the us soldiers as liberators afterwards . 
   they know why they 're starving , they know who gives the orders to commit violence , and they know who creates the totalitarian laws . 
  this might be true , but what makes you think this situation will not become * worse * after us intervenes ? 
  they do n't have n't the best record of rebuilding a stable , functioning state after the bombs and in particular staying in after the glamour of war for `` freedom '' has passed , especially when it involves paying the bills for decades . 
  they believe their own propaganda . 
  the good cowboy goes in , shoots the evil mayor and his goons and then the whole town throws a huge feast for him because this solved * all * their problems , and waves him goodbye as he leaves for the next town and evil mayor . 
   iraq is n't germany . 
  its germany the second time , because they fucked up the first time even there . 
  germany post ww2 succeeded because it is the only tie allies and the us mostly actually fucking committed . 
  they kept pouring billions for reconstruction , they canceled debt , they kept a huge amount of combat ready troops there for decades ( do you know what it does to your state bonds the knowledge that you are not getting down unless ww3 erupts ? 
  magic !, 
  ask s korea for further info . 
  ) , they left the middle management state apparatus mostly untouched ( that did allowed a lot of war criminals and beast in human form go free though , but this is n't the movies ) they actually had good intel of the various groups in the country , and perhaps most importantly , the german people got absolutely * crashed * during the war due to the nature of it ( carpet bomnbing , incendiary bombing , food shortage and blockades etc ) . 
  modern , `` surgical '' warfare allows a lot of civilians and simple troops to survive , but still have enough collateral damage to get those survivors * pissed * . 
  the number i gave is * only * for auswitz , sorry for not clarifying . 
  from what i read `` only '' some tens of thousands of other groups got killed there veruss jews . 
  i will have to dig a bit to get more info , but i think most slavs got killed by the specialised military groups that followed behind german forces and where more mobile on operations . 
  * looks at user name *, 
  its a trap !, 
   the post centers almost totally on military technology and somehow it 's racist . 
  the poster does n't , but the vast majority of the commentators do . 
   could have been worse . 
  supply situation was n't that bad until the end of the war . 
  that period is mostly what i meant . 
  i am aware that the german civilians did n't experienced how bad things have become until late in the war and afterwards , mostly by the nazi government trying to hide the fact . 
  but when it hit it hit hard . 
   other countries were hit worse during wwii . 
  dutch famine of 1944 -- 45 for example . 
  so i 'm not sure how much the number of civilian deaths had an impact on the success of a democratic state after the war . 
  though there is the difference between wwi and wwii that the fights were being brought to the cities and the civilian population experienced it first hand . 
  the `` lack '' of this helped to create the `` stab in the back '' legend after wwi . 
  though many myths also arose out of wwii , of course . 
  other neighboring countries have similar issues is true , and ties up with what you said about interference in iraq from still functioning states like iran , while almost all of europe was in very bad shape and not in any position to influence things in * germany * . 
  i would like to point out thought that france and britain immediately interfered in other wars like the greek civil war , and they were ready to get back to their old colonial shenanigans just 10 years later in the suez , but the us shut them down fast or took over with a more organized strategy in the case of greece . 
  both ally reining in and an dedicated , organized plan did n't exist in iraq or almost all subsequent interventions . 
   though there is the difference between wwi and wwii that the fights were being brought to the cities and the civilian population experienced it first hand . 
  the `` lack '' of this helped to create the `` stab in the back '' legend after wwi . 
  this is exactly what i mean by the difference in total war and modern warfare . 
  the nazis tried to go guerilla against the allies , but the civilian population and its support , the most major part of a successful partisan campaign , was [ spent ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/werwolf#assessment_by_historians ) . 
  due to the naivety that i mention in my comments about the invasion , that the oppressed population will simply roll over to the mighty us military ( unless they are brown and easily brainwashed ofcourse ) the us went to war with a light hand and mostly uncommitted . 
  doesnt focus on race/culture . 
  they are `` harmeless '' for less than 100 years though . 
  due to the kings shenanigans and abusing of power greece suffered a dictatorship just in 1967 for example . 
  while your example wbout the us is good , that saddam was `` needed '' to keep stability is pretty bad . 
  the dude was a dictator and he should have been removed . 
  just not the gung ho way it did and without having a concrete plan and the dedication to stick around for a long time in full force if an invasion did happen if no other option was exhausted . 
  haha yeah i just wanted to point that the archduke was not even that close , when there where even more modern results . 
  na outside europe there are still monarch that hold power in various forms and sizes . 
  this is one of the reasons , yes .
