  even today modern armies have infantry armed with a variety of guns , from assault rifles to machine guns and sniper rifles . 
  constantinople . 
  it would be centuries until the city was renamed . 
  you are aware there are [ province maps ] ( http://img43.imageshack.us/img43/7858/maplu.png ) available ... . right ? 
  just to save you from insanity , that picture i posted comes from a certain file in the game folders you can open with photoshop , and * all * mods that change the map have it . 
  it is the file used by the program to create the different regions . 
  search for map modding tutorials for paradox games and you can learn its location or look around yourself . 
  other map files include a height map , rivers , terrain etc. . 
  i do n't remember , but i imagine it will be a decent resolution as it needs to be edited by devs and modders . 
  if a mod does n't include maps like these in its files , ( it * has * to follow the exact folder path as the vanilla file ) then the mod does n't change the map and uses the original . 
  on one hand i feel bad for giving you this realization , on the other hand i am happy you did n't had to do it again . 
  guys ... i think i know why the drive looks like that . 
  ... i think ... i think he cleaned it with something ... 
  i think you mean similar versus opposite ? 
  if you do , why are you considering the `` deserted '' moria a problem solved?the mountain range become a breeding nest of goblins and orcs causing innumerable problems , including isildurs death , the battle of five armies , the depopulation of the areas between the mountains and lothlorien . . 
  even if the balrog stayed put during the war of the ring he still denied the passages in the mountains , making any communication between the grey havens and lothlorien very dangerous . 
  and the balrog was n't trapped , he was chilling . 
  he could get out anytime he wanted . 
  smaug was the same , and collapsing the mountain would probably wake him up ( he was aware of the dwarves before they entered the mountain in the book from smell and sound ) , and you would have an a terribly pissed dragon on your hands . 
  what makes you think the dragon will be unable to dug himself out or how to you suggest to do it ? 
  to do this properly you need dedicated crew that will attract a lot of attention . 
  you are aware that in the majority of european countries , shotguns hunting rifles and handguns are available with license and under certain conditions ... right ? 
  tasks like `` reticulating splines '' . 
  `` challenging everything '', 
  a great reply just to point that a chunk of the gdp also went to military armaments , mostly german , french and american . 
  it is not the biggest expenditure of the gdp , but is one of the largest in europe ( scaled ) and it is pretty grating because the welfare state is attacked daily but the military not at all ( expect the wages and pensions of course ) . 
  and you should look about the siemens scandal , and how they where into hospital equipment , military , the new athens metro etc etc. 
  while the previous greek governments overspend , europe is not a white dove either . 
  maybe the lightsaber wound was a lot lower . . 
  not in the scramble of africa , it was immediately before ww2 . 
  phillipopotamus is the correct name . 
  he is a puppet , just a kid dressed in nice clothes . 
  first he was used by tywin , then cercei/margery , and now probably his great uncle . 
  plenty of real life examples of situations like this . 
  even joffrey was essentially powerless . 
  just . . just stay away from any cannibal gangs led by danny mcbride , ok ? 
  the whole eurozone was a half assed situation from everyone . 
  and greece was n't the only one who cooked their books . 
   predatory peddling of scammy investments . 
  ehh between our goverments and the eu , we are used to this by now . 
  cosmote is the biggest carrier in the country and ( usually ) has the best coverage . 
  about the plan you ask , you have to buy what you need ( min for calls , texts , or gb data ) . 
  you have to `` fill up '' your card with what you need , there is no specific plan available for no-contract phone numbers . 
  titan had snatched soldiers swinging really fast by them . 
  while the eagles might get some down , they have no chances . 
  i have never seen the 7 number . 
  can you please provide sources ? 
  he just post a bunch of links from news articles ( not even a research paper or something ) as a `` in your face '' statement followed with a two line sarcastic remark . 
  in this way google search results for any topic can count as a legit comment . 
  you are white knighting for no reason . 
  so a margin note is canon now ? 
  androctonus , his officially designated name , means man killer . 
  i would also be terrified of something called like that, 
  greek civil war and the korean war are a bit out of the 50 year mark but still post ww2 conflicts . 
  expect , you know , those that get arrested . 
   the federal government does n't have that same incentive, 
  on an article on how the ** federal ** bureau of investigation arrested 240 people for fraud . 
  yeah it can happen . . 
  i was the new boyfriend after the 4 year one and i learned the hard cold truth a few weeks later ... 
  i pity the man . 
  why mat smith is dressed as a sexy lincoln and wants to take me to a gay bar ? 
  [ alcibiades , son of cleinias ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/?title=alcibiades ), 
  the dude went from athenian hero to sacrilegious villain fighting for sparta , and back to hero of athens . 
  when he was exiled * again * , he death is suspect to be by people that where afraid he might come back to become a hero for the * second * time . 
  i am happy because the next event i went was the medieval market . 
  it is my first time on this type of event and cant compare with other medieval reanactments , but it was significantly better organized . 
  both are relatively close to metro stations ... but the areas are a bit meh from safety . 
  they have fields since fallout 1 . 
  the vault dweller actually ( re ) introduced the rotating field system . 
  and we have at least two viable gecks in fo2 . 
  i have the same discussion again and again here . 
  areas that are considered safe for locals are not safe for tourists . 
  you have to understand there is a difference for locals vs tourists . 
  walking towards this area or using the metro after night when you have the `` i am a tourist '' bulls eye is quite different . 
  obviously we are talking about possible pickpocketing/mugging , not favela abductions here . 
  dashing !, 
  in the second picture the house is further away and the lousy resolution of the photo cause small details like bullet holes to disappear in the fussiness . 
  bonus : in most videos/photos of the shape-shifting ` lizard men '' this is what is happening . 
  it is usually either from persons that are in the background or old tapes/tv recordings . 
  you will be fine . 
  the main quest story is nothing too original per se . 
  a huge evil army under the leadership of a big bad is about to lay waste to the world . 
  but the execution is extraordinary . 
  the big bad is simply unparalleled compared the other fallout games and genuinely creepy even now . 
  you have multiple options on how to finish the game ( speech/sneaking/brute force etc ) so even f you know the end , how you get there is up to you . 
  and the tone of the game is a lot darker than all the rest . 
  in fallout 1 the vaults are n't wacky experiments , but simply misconstructed `` life boats '' that started failing dooming those inside to either die or expose themselves to a new world completely unprepared . 
  the world is pretty desolate and unforgiving , with minimal `` joke '' encounters . 
  if you liked f : nv you should * absolutely * try it . 
  however if you are a bad teacher in a private school you will probably be out of your job pretty fast . 
  the teachers in public schools on the other hand ... ( by the way greek schools are not the only with courses like art or languages that are condidered second rate ), 
  well you have 7 billion people with their needs , inafrastucture , safety and poltics to account . 
  you ca n't release a global effecting self replicating microbe into the atmosphere or bombard with meteors or focus gargantuan space mirrors to heat up everything . . 
  sauron knew it . 
  saruman knew that sauron knew it etc etc. 
  both where using each other , the corrupted and demorilized saruman pledged himself into what apearred to be the winning side ( sauron ) but secretely hoping that he would got the ring first and get himself on top . 
  sauron used saruman to keep an eye on the western regions ( shire etc ) and attack gondors allies until sauron was strong enough to do with him as he pleased . 
  saruman would probably be able to use the ring as he was on the same power level as sauron , but only for evil . 
   so , might makes right/rational ? 
  * checks 4000 years of recorded history . . *,
