  some people will latch to an idea and/or a groups where they feel they belong and defended it to irrational levels . 
  they exist from sports , to religion and nationalism , and we have to learn to deal with it . 
  greek here . 
  while the official name of the island is thira , you would be hard pressed to find someone using it in everyday language . 
  we use santorini too . 
  but about our country 's official name ... 
  its ** hellas ** , not greece people . 
  root of hellenistic , ya know ? . 
  nobody is going to say it out loud ? 
  well then i am going to be the bad guy . 
  this seems shallow as shit , without the entertainment value of say , pacific rim . 
  when a 3min trailer has mind boggling plot holes ( why the hell their ships are open to the elements ? 
  why do they have to get * that * close to shoot it ? 
  why nobody thought to bring a frigging radar to find a 30m monster in the mist ?! ), 
  something is terribly wrong . 
  i love scifi , but i prefer one good movie over five mediocre ones . 
  i cried hard about the inaccurances in another comment but for this i have to point out that there are a lot of real life natural substances that manufacturing in the lab is way more expensive than simply gathering it from nature directly . 
  spidersilk and oil are two good examples . 
  please be informed that this is not an actual movie , the video is a concept pitch . 
  what happens to people with medical conditions that ca n't work and literally have 0 $ to pay for those medical conditions ? 
  you are presuming that a ) their natural habitat needs allows large scale farming without being costly itself ( we are talking about a gargantuan creature here ) and b ) that the creatures survive capture . 
  a lot of animals either die , ca n't procreate or never reach full adult status in captivity . 
  we are doing what what they do everyday with fishing and hunting . 
  and if you think why risk their lives , well there are fishermen that risk their lives everyday compared to a desk job . 
  so lets say that works , and the hoarding insticc of humans does n't take over.so what happens if the selected charity that works in your area has fallen to the laws of the free market and is closing shop , and the new one has n't appeared yet ? 
  what if the charity is corrupted and not giving the money , and no regulations exist to check on that ? 
  or free market will stop crime also ? 
  when people take an axiom and run with it to the corners of insanity i lose a little bit of hope for humanity ... 
  i am unware what their sop is . 
  however as noted , the whole hatching and growing up is based around the presumption that the eggs are cheap to grow and will provide viable creatures . 
  this is sometimes impossible with wild birds in real life . 
  imagine flying sand worms !, 
  and you cant domesticate an animal in one generation , it takes hundreds of years of selective breeding . 
  too bad . 
  south dakota would have a legitimate export recourse instead of taking drastic measures like vasectomy . 
  if it is just one unnamed guard why not use the console to kill him without karma or faction loss ? 
  just make sure he is not a named npc or a quest essential guard . 
  edit : i am dumb . 
  i am member both in / r/fallout and / r/falloutclassic and when i saw ncr in the title i presumed i was in the former since in f : nv , ncr plays much more prominent role . 
  i am sorry for my brain fart . 
  they would tremendously [ effect tides and seasons . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/axial_tilt#long_term ) . 
  it would change the entire revolutionary path of life itself . 
  for example since light would shine twice as much either in intensity or duration in the month , or both , it would effect the evolution of nocturnal species . 
  the crust of the planet is also affected by the gravitation hence more volcanic activity and different continents . 
  the moon also catches some of the meteors headed for earth , so two will significantly reduce the impacts and the material that bring with them . 
  bottom line , the presence of the moon is such a very essential parameter that if we take things realistically , a second moon would effect things so much we do n't know if life existed , much less how it would look like and behave . 
  fiction trumps science on this one , go as you please . 
  so looking at your arm while shooting makes you shoot better ? 
  i think that is the role playing way to do it . 
  how did he know the overpass was dark ? 
  well i replyed what would happen with a proper moon that is visible instead of a asteroid that orbits ( like deimos in mars ) . 
  if it is too small or too far that does n't have any effect then as might as well did n't exist at all . 
  excellent suggestions !, 
  my comment is based around layman knowledge , an astrophysicist will provide many more scenarios !, 
  well seasons are very influenced because the moon stabilizes earth in a tilt that creates variable sunshine during the year , hence seasons ( we have winter when we are tilted away from the sun . 
  summer we we tilt closer ) . 
  according to the article , when the moon eventually gets too far that tilt will become chaotic . 
  a second moon means a gravity pull that it would effect earth in many , many unpredictable ways . 
  the chances of everything being exactly the same like now is very low . 
  it is like those alternate history scenarios , where if you change something very far back in time you can not predict what it would happen with any scientific accuracy , only this goes into a maximum level since we are talking about billions of years of change . 
  well seasons are very influenced because the moon stabilizes earth in a tilt that creates variable sunshine during the year , hence seasons ( we have winter when we are tilted away from the sun . 
  summer we we tilt closer ) . 
  according to the article , when the moon eventually gets too far that tilt will become chaotic . 
  a second moon means a gravity pull that it would effect earth in many , many unpredictable ways . 
  the chances of everything being exactly the same like now is very low . 
  it is like those alternate history scenarios , where if you change something very far back in time you can not predict what it would happen with any scientific accuracy , only this goes into a maximum level since we are talking about billions of years of change . 
  and as i said , the variables are so great no one can predict the outcome so he can go in whatever direction he wishes . 
  you are being pedantic . 
  he was aware that he was under a construct ... but how did he know the level of light ? 
  there could be holes or vents or anything . . 
  good . 
  the vilification of digital distribution started with them . 
  napster , never forget . 
  welcome to the world of divine appointed monarchy . 
  the post-french revolution atrocities do n't seem that much now , do n't they ? 
  ehh they are going to die from starvation or be too weak from malnutrition to whine about it . 
  if you cant pay them on the other hand ... 
  arghhh my old nemesis while i played ck1 !, 
  the handle of the sword is off , and the knights fingers are where it was supposed to be . 
  seriously that bothered me more and more every time i loaded the game . 
  i have to admit that after i heard ck2 was coming , as i was thinking about all the great new features the thought popped into my mind that i will be * finally * be released from the ocd curse of the annoying sword handle . 
  yeah i bet medieval brutes armed to the teeth when denied their pay will just pack up and go home , after they left it to walk all the way to you . 
  sure . 
  the koala looks suspiciously real . 
  i believe the other stuff where added to create a cover for it . 
  `` see we are australians and we joke with our stereotypical stuff !, 
  we * totally * do n't have a koala chilling on the server '', 
  awesome scenes and soundtrack to pump you up for some heathen blood spilling !, 
  most scenes are from arn , the knight templar , a swedish film . 
  because absolute monarchies totally never massacred innocent people on a whim for thousands of years . 
  but when the common people do it it is worse ( i never said it was * good * , but understandable . ), 
   lighting the sun on fire, 
  oh come on brah , he was way more scientific than that . 
  they will use * radiation * to switch off the sun , not fire . 
  wait ... 
  as a care bear , please allow cloakers have their fun and allow them to exploit gaps and mistakes to hit their loot as hard as they want , but kill the afk cloaking for days . 
  its unrealistic and meta . 
  i want cloaking solo to work like submarines in ww2 , find the open spot , get in , hit for massive damage and get out while evading the retribution using fast and clever tactics , not a `` press to be safe '' button . 
  so that is realistic , but automating your mining ships when you already have extremely good ai is not , and a permaban offence ? 
  or setting up trading algorithms to automate market actions , which by the way exist in real life ?
