  all the others are probably getting a good sleep after a scary week . 
  already there mate . 
  years ago . 
  things like that are already happening for the past 5 years . 
  my 50k hometown had the hospital closed and the next closest one is 100km + . 
  keep swallowing your propaganda . 
  eh the result would be the same whatever we did . 
   formally prosecute those greek leaders who caused this mess . 
  we hope this starts tomorrow !, 
  500.000 have already left , and more will whatever happens , even best case scenario . 
  we are used to it . 
  no you will be dead from day 1 because there are n't any doctors around . 
  thank god . 
  my family had to board half the house so they kept the heat in from the fireplace , so they do n't get sick from the cold . 
  because they are out of healthcare teh last 4 years and the closest major hospital is 100 + km away . 
  ~ ~ pro ~ ~ regress with europe 's ~ ~ blessing ~ ~ spite !, 
  fuck no !, 
  but people are buying this . 
  greeks yesterday said no to a unprecedented media blitz from the old corrupted elite . 
  germans on the other hand are supporting the governments action with 85 % . 
  the eu frictions and problems are coming to a head the next days, 
  kai eftasa proxthes na tous paro til gia na prolavei na vgei h anakinosi tou proedrou tis evropis ligo prin kleisoyn tin paraskevi . 
  grandmother is better . 
  dead . 
  greek government = / = greek parties . 
  presenting your opinions is quite different of what happened . 
  they glaringly broke laws . 
  fox looks like a neutral platform compared . 
  also there is a widespread belief there was a specific plan by a few people to create chaos , including a bank run . 
  this goes outright to treason . 
  people are calling for heads to roll years now ... 
  its the people calling for it as others stated . 
  the courts are simply the tool right now . 
  thanks alexis . 
   they just cheered because it would be impolite not to ? 
  [ greek ] we cheered because we believe we are on a path to change our state and enhance our half-dead democracy that was limping . 
  what happens with the european union from now on is part of it . 
  essentially we feel we had to burn the house down to rebuilt it . 
  hence we enjoyed this rare moment of bliss . 
  the inability of european citizens to not understand why greeks are cheering is precisely what brought us here . 
  [ greece ] i will concur with the others , corruption is like very much alike a cancer that spreads in feedback loops . 
  even the ways to combat it means `` killing '' good parts to get the bad parts . 
   something like `` give me 30 % and take the rest '' . 
  they already started this with switzerland, 
   they are checking business at the time almost every month . 
  the greek govt implemented a new algorithm that cross checks what you claim with your business transactions . 
  really ? 
  sources ? 
  [ greek ] the problem is also the archaic and conflicting laws . 
  you might find yourself owing more taxes in greece than germany for example , so you opt to take the chance not to pay and see how it goes . 
  for various reasons you escape the law . 
  you are better than your competitor so he decides to do so himself , and this propagates into the system . 
  eventually everyone wises up and pays minimal or none taxes and the system has crashed . 
  enter troika who demands even * more * taxes on top of this . 
  this makes the situation worse , since it only punishes the last legal tax payers , without pouring funds to restart the system ( give tax evaders a chance to repent for a piece of their savings , creating a tax evasion agency etc etc. ) . 
  idiots, 
  [ greek ], 
  i think sch\u00e4uble and the rest of the german government is seen by greeks as politicians that painted themselves in the corner with the ` lazy greeks need to be punished ' shenanigans of 2010 ( for local political reasons ) and have no room to fix the problem . 
  but they do n't take the hit and still keep doing it . 
   by voting no you 've now voted for even greater austerity measures than what the creditors were requesting . 
  voted for austerity measures that * maybe * will make the long term future better . 
  voting yes meant a slow walk to death without any escape . 
   piigs, 
  using this word is considered a very heavy slur here . 
  well those politicians have the future of greece , and potential europe 's in their hands . 
  i can easily see a defaulted , more xenophobic greece going the russia way . 
  and before screaming about consequences , the typical greek will say `` so what ? 
  i have nothing to lose '' . 
   the austerity might not be good for the economy but not being able to get credit is surely worse . 
  the austerity is viewed by the greeks as a long drawn out default * anyway * , imposed by the same old elite that pillaged the state for political gains . 
  the numbers prove that . 
  we decided to try something else . 
   beyond the feel-good factor of sticking it to the man , i see no upsides and the same and additional downsides . 
  because you are not greek , and you have no idea of the political landscape and social structures , neither the history of how we got here . 
  i cant accuse you , because i do n't know those of ireland as an irish can , but i can accuse the troika for ignoring those facts . 
  or even worse , pretended to ignore for 5 years . 
  hear hear !, 
   the flip side is that distance often gives perspective , and given that the numbers are where they are - the mountain of debt , the low productivity of the greek economy , the trade balance , the absence of tradable commodities , past examples of nations that have defaulted - i fear life outside the eurozone will be a lot worse than the proposed austerity measures . 
  when people will understand the austerity measures would brought us here anyway ? 
  greece will default , with measures or not , unless debt is fixed and growth is bough back . 
  you arguments do n't make any sense to us because there are n't realistic . 
  you are accusing greeks on being sentimental , while northern europe denies the faults that happened and closes her eyes on hard cold facts . 
  we chose between definite default in the future with continuous begging of our lenders vs snap default with at least some pride ( and some house cleaning , see bellow ), 
  also the ` no ' was a political one , but for internal consumption . 
  all week the ` yes ' group was supported from all the corrupted ` mafia ' that brought us here . 
  this is something to be seen to be believed , what happened the last days . 
  yet we resisted and now finally , after 10 years of corrupted politicians , there are talks of arrests . 
  again , you cant understand it and i do n't expect you to do so . 
  if you are american , imagine if all the corrupted politicians from the last 20 years banded together and pushed for a choice . 
  these people overexposed themselves and have a giant target in their heads , with people asking their blood . 
   get everyone to pay taxes . 
  that means i ) scrap the entire tax code and make it simpler , and ii ) get an irs that works . 
  syriza is ( apparently ) trying to do that and more . 
  they are implementing algorithms that will detected discrepancies between your bank accounts and your declared taxed income . 
  and they asked permission to create an irs clone , which was denied by troika due to the funds and employees needed . 
  but since tomorrow they will probably get thrashed in front of europe for political gains , eh , we are doomed anyways . 
  the government decided to restart a joined plan with switzerland for high tax evaders to take an amnesty for a 23 % cut . 
  [ greek ] they are implementing tax amnesties in a joint plan with switzerland , electronic control of disparities between tax statements and citizens bank accounts , and an irs clone . 
  these stalled due to troika blocking everything since it needs funding . 
  supposedly they will come due september .
