  you have to do some very specific things to get flagged , and you def cant get banned by just buying and selling stuff in a normal , day to day operations . 
  yeah 2 out of 3 people have only given their side if the story , and their only defences was `` we didnt do anyithing illegal , promise , ccp is evil '' . 
  only the contract guy might seem as an overaction , but i dont know if the issue was resolved or not at the end , and again we only have one side of the story ( he might git banned for another reason entirely , even he had not connected the dots supposedly ) . 
  all in all , they skirted around and pressed the game rules as much as possible until they got busted . 
  if you where trying to pull these things off and find the stuff the rest 90 % players do `` boring '' then thank god you stopped . 
  yeah , you can blitz lvl3s in a 100m drake . 
  a mach us an overkill even for lvl 4\u00df . 
  still the main promblem was you didnt had some basic antifrigate defence , that you needed to have in all sites . 
  also you broke the cardinal rule of `` dont fly it if you cant afford to lose it '' ( sometimes this might mean emotional investment , not only isk ) . 
  would i be correct to assume you didnt interact with anyone and just solo burned for the mach ? 
  hah there is a place for you on the game . 
  but as i said you need a bunch of buddies to look out fo ya . 
  this sounds cool in paper but i can see to results : everyone will fill the safebox with junk and use only for bait and pretty soon aggresors will simply ingore it unless they have local control of the area ( either sov or a gate camp that would stay there regardless of safebox existance ) . 
  when try to come up with suggestions , always find how the system can be abused when dropped into thousands of people 's hands , not how it will behave in ideal situations , 
  this has been the case for 2 out of the 4 npc empires in eve online : gallente and caldari , two former colonies stranded in the same solar system . 
  pre space interaction has n't been expanded much , but after they connected they initially where part of the gallente * federation * . 
  however different political and cultural outlooks , influenced mostly by the different planetary situations the two experienced initially ( gallente had settled in a normal temperate world , caldari in a half terraformed frozen one ) led into arguments , then war for decades . 
  it still rages on to this day ( and players can participate ) . 
  it might be so the streams from each other do n't cross and reduce efficiency , and maybe the added power consumption . 
  its the username the dude he responded to . 
  i am guessing his calling for a clone of his so the original has more free time for modding ? 
  what this have anything to do with federal ? 
  goverments all over the place do stuff like this . 
  again , that is not something unique to the belgian fed . 
  heck sometimes these kinds of `` wasteful '' projects are intentional to prop up the local economy ( not that this was necessarily the case ) . 
  i mean , he is blond , has short hair , its a ditz and he likes girls . 
  elan = ellen confirmed ? 
  its like , the government building infrastructure helps the local economy to flare up ... who knew ? 
  * everyone . 
  everyone knew . 
  since at least the 30 's, 
  the similarity is not accidental . 
  i busted my balls for at least a month to get my first rattelsnake , and i was already a semi experienced player . 
  two days ago a brand new guy got one in his second week of eve by forking some $ $ . 
  i felt cheated and an idiot . 
  but `` eve is not pay to win guyz '' . 
  yep . 
  it was not the same , since you where locked with the character some other dude created and it was relatively obscure , particularly for new players . 
  these days i will be surprised to find some new guy that doesnt buy plex/injectors ( some they eat them like candy ) . 
  ccp must be breaking the bank and then some . 
  shit europe as a whole was experiencing a huge upsurge of terrorism during the 70s-80s . 
  ira and eta where at their heyday , 17n in greece shooting people in streets and bombing everywhere , the years of lead in italy which included the kidnap and death death of aldo moro , a ex prime minister and leader of a major party , munich and numerous airplane hijacks etc etc. 
  things are nowhere near that situation ( but that does n't mean they are * good * , as well ) . 
  at first it was a family name that was taken from the initial subsequent emperors that where part of the same family , not necessary by blood , particularly octavian who was adopted by caesar posthumously . 
  the use of the name gave them legitimacy , and it was a clear indication they shared common lineage with the caesar , who was outright deified . 
  so after a while even emperors that had no familial connection started taking the name to add legitimacy , and the name eventually turned into a title but not always as strong as it is commonly thought today , by the late roman empire `` caesar '' was either the heir or heirs/lesser partner of emperors , particularly when there where tetrachies . 
  augustus and imperator where `` stronger '' titles . 
  the `` people seeking riches '' was definetely not confined in the south . 
  yes `` poopoohead '' is as stong as `` motherfucker '' . 
  all ships in eve have a role , and you dont need to wait 2 years to fly t2 cruisers or factions bs . 
  this is not a mmo based on leveling that forces players to go through the whole class path to reach `` endgame '' and the majority of players where level boost would make sense . 
  yup . 
  which are completely ignored by covert cynos . 
  standby a fleet 24h/7 ? 
  so you implement your wormhole experience into nullsec , something completely different . 
  have you ever been dropped by 20-30 blops in a single ratting bs ? 
  even if you have a standing fleet 24/7 ready to go close by ( and not a single system like wh ) by the time they reach you you are dead and they have cloacked . 
  now have that standing fleet wait for days/hours/weeks / months . 
  ahh so all this discussion is about not taking away your toy despite been broken and op and fuck everyone else . 
   not at all , i 'd still get plenty of kills because of afk idiots in battleships , or those that decide alt tabbing to netflix while they mine with their armada of hulks and an orca in a belt while ignoring me , who comes into local , because eve is n't on their screens . 
  these people will always die , and * should * die cloak nerf or cloak nerf , so i dont seewhat that has anyhing to do with this discussion . 
   this discussion is about risk averse nullbears that literally want to be left alone to mine / rat in peace so they can make dank ticks and not have anyone interfere with them 24 / 7 . 
  this cockblocks every single nullsec player and playstyle because it is denial or area . 
  even with local removed you would still be in danger , just kill 2-3 people in the same system over a matter of days with a covert cyno , and the effect is there . 
  hell it will be even worse . 
  its the most risk averse pvp i have seen , and no wonder people like you hold in to that because `` gasp '' they will need to search for targets or actually bother to roam to deny ratting/mining instead of waiting for adms to drop to make their life easier . 
  eh their glorification mostly stems from ideals during the middle ages/renaissance etc. 
  when they where seen as ultimate warriors that all men aspire to be ( and mostly alexander , genghis has a very bad rep anyways ) . 
  they have been heavily critisized the last decades . 
  the `` surrender or get slaughtered '' was also such a common tactic throughout the centuries and cultures ( heck the japan nuclear bombings were essentially the same thing ) that is difficult to signal out one particular leader as particularly `` evil '' for doing so . 
  sure bud , whenever when you realise you are spewing nonsense just start calling people names . 
  it works wonders . . in kindergarden . 
  dude , its so risk averse that we are speccing newbies to do bomber/t3/blops for killboard paddering . 
  and i aint gon na even start about how you can fuck up sov with 10 alts even if the others have 1000s of players . 
  i am sorry that someone wants to take away your pvp `` easy mode '' . 
  well , he is null , he is making enough money per / h to buy whatever ship he wants and/or further plex/skill inject his character , while the players he started with are still grinding lvl3 missions . 
  i consider this winning . 
  ohhh a magic word solved everything ? 
  you do realize the campers can pick and choose their time and day of attack with impunity no ? 
  heck they can simply counter this with randomizing their attacks ? 
  by the time people have shipped in they can be cloaked and killed their stuff . 
  what are the chances of a trap ? 
  10 ? % you have multiple situation to get isk positive with even * basic * competency even if you get baited at some point ( witch by experience is rare ) . 
  unless your standing fleet is in the exact same systems as you , and everyone is on board their ships all the time , it will take some precious minutes to get to you , only to find you in your pod and the blops cloaked . 
  i never said * we * have problems with campers , but we have quite an extreme infrastructure for that , something that medium to small alliance simply cant have . 
  heck we are planning to do some afk camping ourselves because it is so op . 
  my tiny comparatively corp is planning to cock block a 700man alliance . 
  that does n't makes us blind when we see a broken mechanic . 
  sure buddy . 
  so counter a broken mechanic with another one ? 
  just using adverbs like `` healthy '' doesnt make it an argument . 
  fucking most players with a broken mechanic to counter another broken mechanic ( afk ratting , which ccp has made a lot to at least try fix btw ) is not good policy . 
  it only breaks the game you as well play . 
  why lose it ? 
  he has basic competency . 
  not all people that spend $ $ are idiots that fly officers fits for lvl 3 missions . 
  thats something you like to imagine to not face the truth . 
  you mean the obscure ( for new people at least ) way for people to get prebaked characters with history , skills and name chosen by others ? 
  that character bazaar ? 
  you seem a bit upset .
