  be clean, 
  if you do like , scream a little . 
  be clean, 
  have a partner, 
  by high class i meant university level , no ivy league . 
  so you tell me a high school graduate has the same chances with a uni graduate ? 
  also thanks for the first considerate comment . 
  i got down voted to oblivion when i asked this in a thread . 
  apparently . 
  tell its poes law . . please god . . 
  do n't spoil . 
  as i said do n't spoil the joke for others ... 
  considering paradox forum are the only ones i get either super downvoted or super up voted i will go for mass lunatic trait . 
  and quite possibly the mods are zoroastrians . 
  [ nsfw ] ( http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/i/41s8ledn0zl._sy300_.jpg ) pic of / u/heroshade s girlfriend before catching fire . 
  i am the mod and i forgot too . 
  we need to find something to do until season 5 is out ... 
  if we get to hype train * now * , we would be either insane or dead by december . 
  ahh yes the mysterious mod powers that allow you to add [ spoilrs tv ] tag on thread titles ... 
  and i was ridiculing my ignorance in subreddit modding . 
  you have a great point . 
  stupid religion says that . 
  there are religious people that do n't say that . 
  serious district 9 vibes . 
  some street artists have with taggers the same connection mona lisa has with dickbutt . 
  children of light are in game ? 
  i am a christian yet i consider most of he old testament irrelevant . 
  it is a 2000 anthology from various sources . 
  considering 1 billion people the same just be because they believe in christ is well . . kinda bigoted . 
  you would be surpised but religious belief can evolve too . 
   has the bible changed in the last year ? 
  how about the last two thousand years ? 
  on what basis are you declaring it irrelevant ? 
  why are some parts irrelevant and others not irrelevant ? 
  if some parts are irrelevant then why has n't the bible been updated ? 
  while the original text has not changed , the interpretation of god 's word has changed quite a bit . 
  since the [ first council of nicea ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_council_of_nicaea ) in friggin ad 325 the bishops have convened to discuss the matter of the son of god and his relationship to god the father . 
  thats ... pretty * essential * stuff . 
  subsequent councils had convened , mostly at a time of crises . 
  so , no , do n't confuse fundamendalists `` the-bible-says-so '' with the christian majority . 
   you 're simply wrong . 
  religion does not change . 
  people selectively ignore or `` creatively '' interpret the parts that they do n't like . 
  i do n't believe in intelligent design . 
  i do n't believe that soddoma and gommora or noah ever existed . 
  am i a christian or not ? 
  religion is people . 
  if the majority of the believers change their belief on something the it becomes de facto a part of religion . 
  you are confusing personal * belief * with church * doctrine * , something quite different on an individual level . 
   there is no logical explanation for disregarding only parts of your religion . 
  but i do !, 
  and other people do it !, 
  even priests do it all the time !, 
  shocking i know !, 
  we understand the we have documents that are thousands of years old written in different languages and translated numerous times . 
  while they may be divine inspirited a translator or transcriber could fuck up or insert passages . 
  or that some passages are relevant to 300 bc believers but not now . 
  i am a christian . 
  my church does not require me to do everything the bible says , and it has millions that do the same and are considered good christians . 
  you are not someone who can make that call obviously . 
  i am not the one repeating myself , but you , demanding me to prove something logical when a simple google search will show you all you need about papal bulls , ecumenical councils and numerous christian theologians and priests that are debating christianity for centuries . 
  ths bible has many stuff left unaswered , even as a historical document or do we call all those universities and tell them they are paying those professors for nothing ? 
  you are trying to hide your ignorance in theological matters , and to be honest you look like those creationists that plug their ears and sing when presented by evidence `` its not logical '' . 
  it is hilarious you are accusing me of being stupid , when you are the one that critising a group of people by a few bad examples . 
  `` dont do into others '' is a very nice lifs philosophy even if you dont believe . 
  and as finale , cristians are basing the majority of their belief on the a new testament , not the bible per se . 
  the old testament is mostly a history of how we got to jesus . 
  thats why we never circumsized as the bible says so . 
   yep , we 've hit the wall . 
  you do n't have anything to fall back on so now you 've resorted to simply restating your faith while insisting that your church ca n't possibly be wrong and that simply because other people act like you do , you ca n't be wrong . 
  but but who is going to tell me if i am a christian if not the christians priests ? 
  what the hell ? 
  you are not even replying to what i say yet you are trying to discredit a real word occurrence with calling names . 
   i 'm not even going to respond to the rest of your post , because it 's a bunch of nonsense and `` i do n't have to prove my view '' garbage that has nothing to do with logical debate . 
  what are nonsense ? 
  the wikipedia articles about the ecumenical councils ? 
  or the theologians ? 
  i * never * said `` nothing to prove '' , i actually pointed how the bible has been discussed throw the ages by christians . 
  * you * seem to replying with `` stock '' reddit `` atheist '' phrases mate . 
  if you are using a mod ( fix ? ), 
  for fallout 1 it is a bug . 
  you have to start over if you do n't want the whole junktown attacking you . 
  it has to do with attacking the skullz outside a mission ( even if it is from a dialogue ) , turning the whole town hostile . 
  stay clear off them until you either have sherry testify or attack them with the guards when you present evidence they will attack the barkeep . 
  oh no problem . 
  i hope they ad a warning somewhere in this subreddit precisely because it is a very easy to get stuck like that . 
  its the tardis . 
  i think it is screaming tardis . 
  she considers the doctor her `` boyfriend '' ( doctors wife ) , the paradise could be its heart ( journey to the centre of the tardis ) , she says she could n't * really * tell if the doctor throw the android , so she was around that place but not close ( as the tardis was ) . 
  she discusses his new accent and she says will keep it ( maybe we will delve on the question where the new faces of the doctor come , and what tardis has to do with it ) plus her spinning around the end looks exactly like how the tardis travels and her spinning umbrella makes similar sounds like the tardis . 
  hence the brother-sister incest . 
  grr martin * again * !, 
  i think his current regeneration was influenced by accepting the existance of the war doctor and what he did . 
  so far he had the appearance of a young doctor because he had repressed his experiences . 
  now he had accepted what he is . 
  sorry for typos my mouse broke just now . 
  because he does not repress them anymore and it shows in its face ? 
  he is `` old '' and `` scarred/wrinkled '' because of his past experiences , how he accepted them so he lifted the `` veil '' from his appearance as madam says . 
  did you just called jazz the jackrabbit shitty ? 
  here are your pitchforks lads :,
