  after a while it peaks steam majorly . 
  there are no other sith in existence at the end of tge ot . 
  empire =\\ = sith . 
  `` why didnt the hero used his earthsuttering superpowers to defeat the big bad in the last episode ? '', 
  watsonian : `` according to a previous episode , the hero cant use his powers at certain times of day . 
  since we cant see a clock in that scene it is probably that time of day '', 
  doylist : '' during the making of that season the production budget was cut in half , so they didnt have the budget for the special effects '', 
  and this is why all this canon was thrown away . 
  jumping spiders both in photos and in real life are the puppies of the arachnid family . 
  start with them !, 
  dude people dont magically trasform into different persons . 
  `` oh i am 70 now , i guess i have to stop enjoying sex after 50 years '', 
  nah its a quite common name while superhero comics are not to much ingrained in the culture . 
  it actually works a bit in reverse , since this magnificent villains name is something like `` billy '' ( for an english equivelent ) . 
  it happens a lot in upscale restaurants/hotels also . 
  if you are a server , you have experienced this frequently no matter the establisment . 
  i am guessing then that it wasnt allowed for poses because it us way easier to drop an empty stick just for that , and if need arises pick up . 
  citadels need days to go online/offline so while it is safer for the titans , you have some assets in danger and it is more difficult to create a vast amount if them . 
  `` sorry dude we cant hear you from under these huge piles of money '', 
  you dont need translation , ask a slav speaking to translate . 
  and we can actually understand about 30 % of the words , with the nouns having an even bigger percentage . 
  the problem is mostly with verbs , that even if we use the same words , the meaning has changed , and the grammar , oh god the grammar . 
  you need permits gor flying a chessna on pretty much every country . 
  what do you think about a multiton missile ? 
  its even easier . 
  you need a permit for airplanes too ffs . 
  france and the uk have been mendling in middle east for centuries before us appeared in the scene . 
  i would like to add that a good percentage of muslims in greece are not immigrants at all , but populations that where there since the ottoman empire . 
  i mean you have to form up to defend you citadel , thats content right there waiting to happen . 
  dropping a stick with a single indy isnt . 
   if you were n't a straight , white , * wealthy * male in the 1800 's, 
  ftfy, 
  the reasons given for the protocols where nonsensical the one that bothers me the most . 
  most of the scenes they show to the avengers to showcase their destructivenes is actually them containg the damage . 
  the only situations they can get called out for is zakovia and iron man vs hulk . 
  however those are also murky at best . 
  and then we have new york where the avengers where 100 % heroic . 
  it makes absolutely no sense for ironman to agree eith the people that shot a nuke to new york that * he personaly stopped * . 
  giving him ptsd if iay add . 
  and then you have the greek pharaohs such as cleopatra . . 
  its irrelevant if it was the un or the council . 
  it was a `` civilian '' administration that totally misread the situation and almost vaporised * millions * . 
  and may i remind you tgat the whole shitstorm started when loki stole the cube in under 5 minutes from them ? 
  the asguardians alwats meddled with earth . 
  and loki came due to the tessaract , not because of thor . 
  in hulk vs iron man , hulk was under the effects of scarlet witch . 
  its nice for story telling and such , but in real life you would be responcible for your actions in the eyes of the law if someone drugged you to do them . 
  and even if that was the case , hulk was stopped by iron man . 
  what would happen , nay , jad happen when puny humans had tried repeatetly to contain hulk ? 
  they got trashed everytime and caused damage ( this bob ross is the same bob ross that turned a university campus full of students into a battlefield and unleashed abomination ) . 
  the only grey spot is ultron , but again avengers are playin in totaly other levels then the rest of humanity . 
  when they fuck up only they can solve it . 
  and again , shield was sldo dicking around with those powers . 
  tony spent almost the entire iron man 3 having ptsd because of the actions of a civilian council . 
  and taking the advice of bob `` i trashed a city multiple times to catch hulk '' ross ? 
  come the fuck on . 
  no . shield was keeping the tessaract and trying to built stuff with it . 
  loki came to earth for that . 
  and stole in 5 minutes along with one shield top scientist and one top agent !, 
  great job normal humans !, 
  they went to tonys tower for the generator , but because it was convinient . 
  they could have went elsewhere or built one . 
  its irrelevant what the politicians do . 
  its the avengers reactions base on their established characters that makes no sense co sidering how they are trying to convince them . 
  loki was sent by thanos to get the tessaract that was being used by a * civilian administration * to build weapons and they lost it in 5 minutes tops because they are not the avengers . 
  and the generator was simply convienient . 
  the purpose was to invade earth , do they would go on with that anyways ( build or find another power source ) . 
  hell even the fucking helicarrier gets wrecked by loki and 5 dudes . 
  if the avengers didnt exist , the exact same scenario would had played exacly the same , only earth wouldhave been conquered and we had vaporised new york ourselves . 
  how is the avengers fault ? 
  as about ultron that opens up another discussion about that movies weak points which i dont want to open , but i will ask this : do the civilians know stark accidently created ultron ? 
  and that makes zero sense . 
  if it was the * only * possible way to enter earth then * maybe * yes . 
  but it wasnt . 
  its like a belgian that build a highway feeling bad because the germans used it for blitzkrieg . 
  how can anyone or him have foreseen this . 
  there is a very nice sketch flowung around that explains the enclosure . 
  and yet mention of harlem , where the goverment screwed completely and royaly . 
  earth in greek is called \u0393\u03b7 , a derivative of \u0393\u03b1\u03b9\u03b1 ( gaia ) that was the godess representing earth . 
  hope it helps ease your mimd a bit . 
  in greek it is a derovative of gaia and seline both goddesses . 
  darth vader and bobba fett owned their masks , were their masks . 
  kylo was a wanabe and pulling iff the mask clearly showed it . 
  while impossible for earth , we can see the past of other stars/planets . 
  so there is a magic mirrorto the past just not for our planet . 
  hell if the sun dissapeared we would still have 8 minutes before anything changed . 
  including the orbit . 
  he did n't . 
  [ that the seagull that took over his place using a cover story . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/enlightenedbirdmen/ ), 
  nope . 
  that would be the equivelent of the euro cup taking place in asia . 
  it was used for the panathinaic games ( athenian games ) another major event of greek antiquity . 
  because the olympics are named after the location they originaly took place , olympia . 
  like in the example euro is named from europe ? 
  festivals/gymnastic games where not uncommon in other places , like the ( pana - ) atheneans . 
  the olympics where simply the most famous and prestigious . 
  would that be a redudancy instead of an oxymoron ? 
  wasnt the whole point of jesus getting betrayed * because * he wasnt directly opposed against the romans like some jews of the time expect the messiah to be ? 
  the whole heavenly kingdom vs earthly kingdom ?
