  i mean why even bother with the eagles . 
  apparently orcs are so dumb and mordor so disorganised they could just dress up with fake moustaches , give it to one of the orcs and claim saurons needs it dumped in mt. 
  doom pronto . 
  there !, 
  oh oh i know !, 
  they could make fake mordor passports with crayons !, 
  or dress like shrubs and walk when the orcs looked away and stopped when they looked back !, 
  claim they are telephone technicians and the local orc chief just havent been notified about the yearly barad-dur/minas morgul line inspection !, 
  throw the hobbits carrying the ring with a huge catapelt !, 
  dig a tunnel with spoons !, 
  dress legolas in drag and send him to distract the guards !, 
  build a huge wooden horse , hide in it and leave it ouside the black gate with a card attached `` from morgoth to my favorite evil leutenant , xoxo '' !, 
  throw a fake ring away from mt.doom , and while sauron and the wreaths ( not orcs , orcs are blind ) run behind it like golden retrievers , they go the other way with the real one !, 
  dress gandalf like santa claus and the eagles like reindeers and claim they are just here to drop `` presents '' down ^ ^ lava chimneys !, 
  the best !, 
  take the eagles and instead of heading to mt. 
  doom just keep circling around the orc armies . 
  wait until they kill each other down to the last orc trying to shoot you . 
  laugh as you then fly in a leisure pace towards your target while the dark lord impotently shakes his fist from the ground and smacks his useless wreaths in rage . 
  damn you could even revitalise mordors desert with all that orc fertiliser !, 
  i mean are taking about thousands of dead blind and dumb orcs all over the place . 
  sauron was gone past the spirit phase and had a body for quite a while in the books . 
  he first appearred in dol guldur and got chased away by the white council during the hobbit ( lotr appendixes ) but due to sarumans stalling he had already rebuilt barad dur and fortified mordor , and finished searching for clues about the ring in nearby gladden fields so he flight was just a ruse . 
  but its canon !, 
  you have been defeated by it !, 
  you have been ... canonized !, 
  just make the head bigger and the body smaller . 
  perfect !, 
  when you sober up after you find yourself in lowsec enjoying the `` nomad lifestyle '' , ask why your leaders instead of deploying against a meanigfull target decided to throw a tantrum and piss literally everyone in the south so much , that they all decided to band together to rain fire and brimstone on your ass . 
  because if * everyone * around you seems like an asshole , maybe the true asshole is yourself . 
  the stop playing it and go try something else . 
  what a cunning plan !, 
  it was a ruse to get all tri players ~ ~ get out in the sun ~ ~ go play pubg . 
  there us risk for fun and then there is lemming your entire alliance with no plan , thought or even goal at all . 
  i mean what is the end game here ? 
  what is your precious `` victory '' that make this all worth it ? 
  get `` exciting fights '' while your subcaps are welped by the combined fleet of the south , while your vaunted supercaps stay docked impotent ? 
  defeat fcon and then what , keep grinding for the rest of drf space ? 
  or boast in r/eve for a couple of days , drop everything , and go away to live the `` nomad life '' that is becoming impossible because a ) the mechanics are changing ( bye bye moons ) b ) eventually you are going to clash with panfam 's shenanigans market shate and get stomped?oh and fcon is back 2 weeks later and already starting to forget you even invaded ? 
  yay ?!, 
  if your leaders believes `` eve is boring '' maybe they should try playing something else , because honestly it seems they cant adjust with the game changes and are throwing a tantrum , and will take everyone down with them . 
  i dont want to play the sandbox like everyone else plays so i am going to force them to change !, 
   gets blobed to death, 
  waaaa you are a bunch of cheaters that dont play the game properly !, 
  tri leadership ca . 
  content will always be there , i have been playing this game for 11 years , the `` blue donut waah '' whining reigned in the 2-4 months until the next war . 
  so tri is not providing any service . 
  why you go for fights matters . 
  but if you want and enjoy to be turned into a do or die `` suicide bomber '' for no reason or end goal and then getting evicted because your leaded has the diplo skills of an asparagus , hey who am i to argue !, 
  its your game , you decide where you want to spent your game time . 
  apparently you cant even read . 
  you are using too much buzzwords and you should be worried . 
  `` challenge the status quo '' . 
  `` bend the knee '' . 
  `` break the blue donut '' . 
  those are terms that are so vanilla and bland in eve they are meaningless , its like listening the mittani generic intro to the sotg . 
  so i gather there is no plan except `` attack that way ! '' ? . 
  huh . 
  and test/co2 didnt have any options to choose ( they would have been evicted sooner or later ) and were the ones defending . 
  kinda difficult claiming you are the one doing `` honorable combat '' when you are targeted the weakest neighbor you could find , while in the process shooting people you used to be blue a couple of weeks ago . 
  i dont want to break your heart , but in this case you are the pl . 
  or at least try to . 
  `` piss everyone in the south '' is tri being an irrational prick , resetting and attacking the easiest targets , planning to attack blues ( until the leaks got out so they had to reset beforehand to save face ) widoting their coalition and all that drama , breaking the nips frequently etc etc. 
  like a spoiked child throwing a tantrum . 
  so you came in eve expecting a fair fight ? 
  sad . 
  `` larger southern alliances '' means co2 being an imbecile and attacking ww against tests wishes ? 
  so tri just jumped in to take advantage if them ? 
   citation needed, 
  your own alliance ( if you are tri ) leadership leaks . 
  um , what links you want ? 
  are you even in game in the last two months ? 
  there is a thread from one of your own leaders in r/eve front page right now explaining this ... 
  i mean , you are going to get evicted while fcon will keep going as it were and probably will have forgotten about you a couple of weeks later . 
  op success ? 
  well other people prefer flea ridden hostels and others prefer 5 * resorts . 
  for me ? 
  hmm ... 
  i am making a shitload of money , dang fights from `` leet pvpers '' in our doostep , and yet security in numbers . 
  yeah i am good . 
  it shouldnt be event troops or get ready for chinese shenanigans in italy in every playthrough . 
  educate heir until he gets chinese culture ( ai will do this as well , more fun !, 
  ) , keep or move your capital in diplo range , call emperors help to break you local blop , ~ ~ profit ~ ~ conquer , repeat . 
  unless they are going to balance it properly this is going to turn into a si+m&m combo clusterfuck . 
  but apparently all players wanted china in a game called crusader kings so why the fuck not . 
  ahh yes the `` slippery slope '' fantastical argument . 
   `` gas them '', 
  * might * call them nazis ? 
  i know , i was following through , 
  tri cant decide what the fuck they want to be , and everytime their existantial crisis flares up they target the closest thing they know they can safely win . 
  living next to tri feels like cohabitating with this [ guy ] ( https://youtu.be/g-ufk1bsabi ), 
  they did got placed in this situation by co2 repeatedly ignoring test and antagonising drf . 
  tottally unbiased opinion here guys !, 
  or test finally makes gigx learn what the world `` diplomacy '' means , they split feythabolid properly this time , and then drf and pf dunk tri themselves . 
  but thats too much logic . 
  why the hate though . 
  afaik they havent fucked anyone over . 
  afaik test tried to inervene abd ease tensions between drf and co2 but gigx said `` fuck it lets roll '' . 
  so test was put in this difficult position by him . 
  i find this really interesting because i have been in many 150-200 ferox and tengu fleets with fcon and pf .
