  that was my cmv, 
  what would you choose to fall into that naval base ? 
  bombs or a nuclear missile ? 
  what has the less chances to get anyone dead ? 
  and the millions killed or displaced would be nothing compared to the billions of dead by a global war . 
  you cant get the human race extinct by pacifying asia . 
  we are talking millions versus billions . 
  my question is are nuclear weapons able to keep the peace forever ( decades ? ), 
  and what will happen then , and all these examples you give will pale in comparison ? 
  i would choose millions of dead vs billions anytime . 
  i think i should edit my op . 
  you are telling me war is destructive . 
  of course it is . 
  however is it so destructive as a nuclear one ? 
  the possibility of a war is always there . 
  however it would happen like you describe , * with nukes as wel * l. 
  my opinion that need to be reverse is that the nuclear detente we have that a lto of people say is a good thing is actually way worse than if we had a third war by now . 
  i am not choosing war over peace , i am choosing conventional warfare versus nuclear warfare . 
  what is preferable ? 
  i referred proxy wars because i believe nuclear `` peace '' is a sham with hundreds of thousands dead already . 
  a `` peace '' that may quite possibly lead into many , many more dead than a conventional war . 
  you have simply not understood my question . 
  in the hypothetical case we could dismantle all nuclear weapons with the possibility of a conventional ww3 it would be preferable to do it . 
  the so vaunted `` nuclear peace '' has already a lot of victims ( aka proxy wars ) and it will lead into greater destruction than a conventional world war . 
   do n't give pc gamers a bad name ? 
  it 's not my fault that you are n't spreading the word to show people the difference . 
  stop helping the console conglomerates you shill . 
  ahh a zealot . 
  how is it possible that humans can get fanatic over * anything * just so they can feel they are superior ? 
  along with all those thousands in need for medical emergency , police or firefighters . 
  and pilots.and train travelers . 
  but wuv been saved by a cute little gurl !, 
  i weep for calpadi . 
  finally we are getting somewhere . 
  you are correct on you account that most of modern warfare is built around nuclear weapons as a deterrent or come the worst , to be used for tactical/strategic reasons . 
  my final worry is that the current status quo can very easily get overturned , and the chance of a global nuclear war makes any conventional war pale . 
  did we left the destruction of ww2 in the past for something orders of magnitude worse ? 
  do we keep as we are and praying no one presses the button for the following 200 years ? 
  if it was indeed a historical artifact , the laws are actually draconian ( 5-10 years is not a misdemeanor ) , especially if he gets caught taking out of the country . 
  i think a lawyer or a police officer is a better candidate to answer than a archaeology student . 
  yeah , i think / r/gallifrey tries to be the exact opposite of / r/doctorwho . 
  sometimes it works , sometimes is not , bordering to apologetic , like how they up vote comments that say the forest episode was n't so bad . 
  i am sorry people , it was . 
  i am very rarely here and a lurker , yet as soon as i watched that shit i came immediately hoping someone to actually change my opinion about the episode . 
  it did n't happen : /, 
   like 1984 in a fantasy setting ? 
  here is your distilled answer . 
  tolkien also further provides an answer with saruman . 
  his fall from grace started with good intentions . 
   come on ~ ~ man ~ ~ ** ian ** : get killed by a follower targeting something else, 
  you have to count that this is not a math problem only , but you need to take in account the differennces . 
  if a lot , lot more people ( a `` statistically significant '' ) get infected , we will have the true percentages about the us as whole , and the health system as it gets burdened . 
  in real life strain of resources and time can bring the mortality rate up , and then we will have a better number . 
  or you know , simply remote plant something that would clean the drive as much as possible when activated at a random time . 
  i blame hollywood hacking . 
  [ obligatory . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1y2zo0jn2he ), 
  one decided by the game . 
  based in real life i presume on who got out first . 
  imagine if you lost the throne of france because you came out 10 minutes later . . 
  even then , the first one out of the c-section ( by seconds ) would be king . 
  actually not the peasants , but [ ali pasha of yannena ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ali_pasha#downfall ) ( in epirus ) did try to break off from the ottoman empire in 1820 . 
  there are so many people through the ages that tried to cut some part of the word for their own , that many times i have checked wikipedia to see how my new weird kingdom is ahistorical , only to find that someone in real life did the same with me , or at least tried to . 
  triplets are possible to what ? 
  he was one of the first to ask the question `` when did those pyramid thingies where built and by whom ? '' . 
  the thing is , if i remember correctly , he based most of his findings from hearsay , and i suspect a lot of his `` witnesses '' where having a little fun with the old man . 
  but some truths can be found in his writings . 
  hey i agree with you in all points . 
  and i am aware that modern historians can discern by others sources what truths there are in herodotus and other historians . 
  norman citizen : '' its just a fly '', 
  doyle : `` captain that civilian is talking back at me ! ... '', 
  scp foundation . 
  link : [ expunged ], 
  or you know , he can search the name i gave . 
  it is supposed to be an in character reply after all . 
  and this why i never play official ironman . 
  too be honest , i think that idea would work wonders now that older demographics are using facebook . 
  and with a better name for the app along with marketing based around standardized `` collectible cards '' ( think binnie babes ) it could be a success . 
  they are both reptiles , but different suborders . 
  p.s i am not an expert do n't jackdaw me, 
  i believe that what you describe will lead to a dedicated vomit bucket peripheral . 
  the more sensible and much much easier thing would be games designed with shorter distances/faster means of transportation a staple . 
  yup . 
  take it slow . 
  there are old games with cumbersome ( for these days of fast gameplay ) turn based combat , they are excellent games , but you have to give them a lot of time . 
  first of all , `` christianity '' is a very broad term and you have to be a little more specific . 
  that 's because the discrepancies between different denominations can be quite big , especially in matters of incompatibility between science and religion . 
  we have fundamentalist evangelicalism christians that believe that the bible is the literal word of god and everything inside is true more so than other denominations . 
  this is one of their basic cores of their belief , and when science finds something that contradicts one part of the bible , it is a quite serious matter and they have to find ways to rectify that . 
  hence creationism and the animosity against scientists in general . 
  on the other side , we have for example the catholic church , that numerous times has accepted scientific facts like [ the age of the universe ad evolution ] ( http://rochester.twcnews.com/content/news/781308/religious-and-scientific-communities-analyze-pope-s-comments-about-big-bang--evolution/ ) . 
  or the highly decentralized orthodox where it usually depends on the local highest priest council , who however is not infallible as the pope . 
  so , for the `` believer '' side of the people you know , according to most * official * christian doctrines , you are not forced to `` choose '' either god or modern science . 
  for the `` intelligent '' part , they quite possibly * know * that their religious documents do not stand against modern scientific examination . 
  however they they do n't care . 
  mainstream , everyday christians do not believe to christ to explain how that mountain was created or if human rode dinosaurs , they believe in christ for moral guidance something to ease the fear of death , and all the difficulties of life . 
  maybe , but if you can use it to cope with your own personal life i can not criticize that . 
  has anything to do with scientific facts ? 
  christians generally do n't pit one against the other . 
  there is some theory that some tiny tiny aspects of the universe can be changed based on human perception .
