  guns are even worse since they are purpose built to hurt someone else as efficient , fast and drastic as possible . 
  when you buy a gun , you specifically buy a tool to be the potential judge and executioner of another human . 
  there is no other use of a gun compared to a knife or a car . 
  great responcibilty to give to a mr joe doe . 
   yes , because that other human being has decided to be your executioner . 
  so i guess all those people out there have the 100 % omnipotence to judge the level of threat during a stressful scenario . 
  sure . 
  or you know , maybe train persons to dutifully use those tools of death , and train some people even more so they make as best judgments as possible . 
  oh wait we have those and we call them police and judges . 
  are you living in syria ? 
  because if you are the chances of getting pickpocketed are rare let allone the dramatic fight for my life scenario . 
  but if you want to wank your self esteem over a .45 thinking you are dirty harry ( and i believe that is the crux of the issue ) hey what floats your boat . 
  nah i dont stalk you . 
  i got the feeling from the comments . 
  come on what is it ? 
  i would bet a .45 or a .38 unless you are from a free for all state so a m16 or its variants is also possible.how many murders have you averted so far ? 
  i stated that the chances of getting pick pocketed are low , so imagine the chances of a ) finding yourself in a deadly situation b ) having your gun in the perfect position to timely respond and c ) actually shooting without escalation and/or accidental deaths . 
  just be honest and say that you are a gun geek and you have a collecting hobby as a * lot * of people have with various items and leave all that `` liberty , security , freedom !, 
  crap out . 
  with all due respect to the artist , it reminds me of [ this guy ] ( http://38.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lpjggobqlf1qfr6udo2_400.gif ) in medieval times . 
  queen consort is the most usual term . 
  queen consort is the most usual term . 
  found the libertarian . 
  ehhh whenever i argue with a fanatic of any sort i get the same old shit be it religion or lack there off , far left or right etc etc. 
  they even use the same goddamn arguments , they just swap the nouns . 
  the think is this type of advertising is old school and moronic and that was n't a conscious change . 
  i can understand it for free users , but premium also when there are places you can get the same for free without adds ? 
  its not about freedom of information and all that jazz , it is pure market dynamics . 
  the french king got some papers to wave in front of the other monarchs when they protested his invasion , and for a good price i presume , while andronicos sold something that was essentially useless . 
  studying my french , waiting my phone to ring for just 1 interview and enjoying my second month in the great city of brussels . 
  so they invented a proto-socialism ( not the communist one ) also ? 
  religion is just one pretext and a tool to convince some people that there is a `` us vs them '' problem . 
  when there are people killing each other because they support different sports teams you will understand the root of the problem is the quest for power by the leaders . 
  the same drive that created groups , then tribes , towns , cities and eventually empires and nations is the same that breeds war . 
  this is genius ! ... 
  the planets of the inner solar system ( mars to mercury ) are pretty `` safe '' because the gas giants got the most impacts due to size . 
  the chances of getting hit with a rock big enough to cause problems are as relatively low as earths, 
  it will burn up in the atmosphere . 
  mars has a decent atmosphere to burn small rocks . 
  it is not the moon . 
  also planets are thousands upon thousands of km ^ 2 . 
  by the time we have chances a human settlement to get hit by a meteorite we will already have millions if not billions of people there . 
  space is huge and mostly empty . 
  and this people , right here , is the birth of a new conspiracy theory . 
  i dont see how it would help them a bit . 
  even if they survive , civilization is gone , radiation will be up , some climate change will occur ... they might live , but more like undead shuffling around . 
  please change the scenario a bit to get a perspective and think if he was on a skype call with his superior as a work-from-home employee . 
  would this be acceptable ? 
  even reddit users that i would guess are gaming a lot , think so low about their hobby that `` professionals `` are cringe worthy . 
  edit : all aboard the mob bus . 
  pitchforks are that way -- , 
  there is no clean water , no road infrastructure , no oil for plastics , gas , heating , irrigation . 
  medicine will be back to the 1800s . 
  they might survive , but a second crisis like a pandemic or a dustbowl cuold finish them off . 
  population bottlenecks are very bad . 
  nice movies to check are [ the day after ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_day_after ) and [ threads ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/threads ) . 
  they will provide a pretty sober experience . 
  you have no idea what devastation a global thermonuclear war will bring . 
  first of all , people can survive in vaults for some years at best , not decades or centuries . 
  even if they somehow had the space for thousands of tons of supplies like food and medicine , people are going to go bonkers from forced isolation . 
  this is a real issue we have with space exploration , where a two year mission to mars is going to be tough for the astronauts , highly trained people for that specific job . 
  civilians that just experienced the end of the world on the other hand ... 
  so they will have to emerge in still highly radioactive ruins . 
  large cities and industrial areas , where most of the previous infrastructure existed will be either radioactive dust or useless due to lack of oil/coal for energy . 
  the talent pool will be nonexistent . 
  everyone who had a highly specialized job like a lawyer , it , politician , actress , musician etc would be worthless for a long time and just one more mouth to feed . 
  and what about agriculture . 
  lets ignore the change of the climate and desertification from all the thousands of acres of burned forest . 
  unless you have saved horses , cows and pigs in enough numbers to breed ( with what supplies ? ), 
  , they are gone for good . 
  biodiversity in plants is also a problem , because unless you have stored enough spores , a disease can wipe out your plants . 
  and so on and so on ... 
  in conclusion , surviving a nuclear war is like playing russian roulette with a helmet on . 
  there are chances , but i would n't pull the trigger . 
  and how many times those break in where when people where inside ? 
  burglars love empty houses and cars . 
  but that didnt happen in any case . 
  it was her husband . 
  false conclusion was a civie having a gun and shooting . 
  you are identifying a subgroup inside a larger group . 
  as a european , i would simply refer americans and with that i would identify all citizens of the usa regardless of color . 
  when i say african - americans i speak specifically about americans that their ancestors where from africa . 
  i could use new yorkers , and it would mean the same , a subgroup of people that have a common characteristic . 
  the one cock-ring to rule them all !, 
  someone page brazzers , we have a new parody . 
  chernobyl has nothing to do with a nuclear war . 
  mentioning chernobyl fails to take in account two parts :, 
  a ) the * radioactive * firestorms after nuclear explosions would be massive . 
  apart from the fireball and the immediate shock wave , forests and buildings will burn from the immense light for many miles around . 
  all this unattended for days or weeks . 
  hellfire on earth . 
  b ) chernobyl was a localized radioactive fire . 
  a nuclear * explosion * , especially at ground level , will create thousands of tons of radioactive soot in the air . 
  the dispersion of radioactive material will be huge compared to it . 
  and there will be zero safe areas ( like those outside the chernobyl zone ) for plants and animals to thrive and get back the bombed areas . 
  now multiply this over 2000 times all over the world . 
  i am not talking about fallout mutants or a mad max wet dream , but tragic and pointless deaths for most species . 
  will `` nature '' rebounce eventually ? 
  probably . 
  humans ?
