  the usual scam goes that the owner moved to another country ( uk seems to be the favorable choice , do n't know why ) and he offers to rent his awesome apartment , but he needs some money upfront to be sure you are serious , so he does n't waste any money for the trip back to give you the keys . 
  they might even provide bank accounts and passports/ids . 
  do not give a cent . 
  usually flats start in brussels from 600 + euros , with most expenses included . 
  if they had got us ( and we were thinking about giving the money the first time we came across an ad like this ) we would n't be able to move afterwards , and it was our last hope :( . 
  i am terrified it * did * happen to someone . 
  well , about her info , she was right . 
  i understand , just commenting on the info . 
  and yet even then the photos stopped circulating in reddit for what ? 
  1 day ? 
  the banning of your sub was a pr stunt because as a central focus it attracted easy attention from outside reddit . 
  external links for pages with the photos never stopped and the photos themselves reappeared 1 week later and still going strong . 
  its very difficult to police this kind of thing for little gains , as the media forgot about it . 
  you are wrong . 
  the visual background changes all over the place , and unless that kc-135 is as nimble as a drone , then the point of view ( the fighter ) is moving . 
  that exactly what i said ... 
  the photos kept circulating after the ban and still are . 
  i have jeniffer lawrence in my top page every other day . 
  absolutely no issue has risen because nobody outside reddit had picked up on that . 
  so i think it was mostly pr damage control . 
  you forgot the most egrerious : no lion king , who was released after the `` jewish takeover '' and has some pretty ( i think unitentional ) undertones , the hyenas who are somewhat stereotypical black , are poor and scheming to take over the lions good life . 
  oh it is . 
  but the hyenas do look kinda stereotypically black to some people . 
  mostly because woopi goldberg . 
  but according to op insane logic it should be true . 
  it actually is . 
  dogmeat canonically dies in mariposa according to the fallout 2 manual . 
  i think there must be cutthroat competition . 
  probably won france back in a crusade . 
   anyways , if a console peasant wants to fork out the money for an alienware so be it . 
  it 's a pc . 
  no no no ! . 
  that is a peasant mindset . 
  pcs are superior because of their value for money efficiency , not just because `` they are pcs '' . 
  overpriced brand names have brought the consoles where they are now . 
  heh . . i thought he was horrible . 
  i kept seeing him thinking `` what i am doing here with all those brats . 
  where is my paycheck ? '', 
   sequel, 
   the shining ? 
  or a clockwork orange?close encounters of the third kind . 
  you shut your hole ya hear me ? 
  do n't give them any ideas !, 
  i was talking about the actors and the whole movie style . 
  you forget the most essential part : if the engine stops , the bus should not to crash and destroy a city block . 
  i would like to think that it happens like a video game , where when you are killed you go to spectator mode , you have no substance or interaction with the world , but you can move freely everywhere and see and feel the world from the eyes of the living . 
  we will be able to travel in time and space in an instant . 
  all the universe to explore and discover , from the jfk assassination to the surface of the sun and inside the head of a t-rex as he hunts its prey . 
  and if after some `` time '' you are bored of earth and its history ? 
  jump to the other side of the galaxy as alien civilizations have an epic battle millions of years before humans existed , or make a pit stop to check a black hole . 
  and you can share your experience with other spectators too !, 
  i think it is the best you can have , because it does n't cut you off entirely from the world , and it is infinitely interesting . 
  every other option will get boring eventually if you have an eternity . 
  i do n't know if you will agree with my follow up , and that perfectly fine , but i use the video game analogy to think about if the universe is created . 
  if someone or something created the universe , it is not bound by its laws or its logic , but it is an entirely external force , something like an admin or developer . 
  it can change the universe rules ad hoc , and he can even choose when and if he is bound or not by those . 
  and the `` players '' will not be able to see any difference . 
  for example , maybe yesterday earth had two moons and now it was changed into one . 
  we will have no real memory or point of reference to notice the change . 
  to be clear i do n't believe that is the unquestionable truth , just a thought experiment . 
  you can easily infer what the orcs will do because there is a period of hundreds of years where sauron was `` destroyed '' after the war of the last alliance . 
  their actions will not be that different ( hide in mountains and deep mines like moria or mordor ) only this time sauron is not coming back , but the humans will . 
  curse of man ( actually the gift of man ) has nothing to do with `` corruption '' . 
  there is nothing in the books or the movies to support this and evil came into the world a long long time before the humans appeared ( silmarillion ) at all . 
  so i guess these shows that it only propaganda and fear dividing the nations right ? 
  i am sure we where the same with nazis , pol pot or khmer rouge and only our superstitions divided us . 
   the plural ** ~ ~ is ~ ~ of lego is lego . 
  how i love it when smart-asses fall on their own shit . 
  you failed to proof read if your message was correct or not . 
  so yeah the same thing . 
  i see a * very * light tone of blue ( close to white ) with gold . 
  i cant seem to find anything black . 
   colombia, 
  i wanted to make a joke , but then i realized it will always be too soon . 
   companies are not a charity aimed at giving money to interns . 
  they do n't owe them anything . 
  wait , what ?!, 
  the are going to offer time and work , that 's basic economics dude . 
  case 1 : blind person is driven there by someone else and he has to insert the pin himself . 
  rare but it can happen, 
  case 2 : the keypad are build together and it is easier to produce 1 keypad that happens to have braille in unneeded situations , than having two different production lines . 
  i am speculating of course . 
  we are not discussing if it is lawful or not , but if it is moral . 
  he assumes that the interns offer nothing to the companies so morally the companies `` do n't owe them nothing '' . 
  the interns provide their work , so he is wrong . 
  then i suggest you open a book then . 
  workers provide their labor and time . 
  and what we all discuss here is that `` experience '' is not enough , among other reasons ( poor people cant afford internships ) . 
  according to your logic , `` experience '' is a quantifiable thing that should be taken in account for every worker not just new guys , and adjust heir contracts accordingly but of course that would break down easily in real life because other workers are not desperate . 
   i agree on that , and i think a contract signed between 2 people has a moral value . 
  it is a promise in each side . 
  i think we should moraly respect our promises . 
  we are not debating individual cases where a person agrees , but for the whole concept , before signing if you like . 
  there are some countries where unpaid work is illegal . 
  first of all , you can not give everything just because you signed a contract . 
  you can not give your freedom as human being for example , or contracts for illegal activities . 
  so a contract is not always moral * and * legal just because someone signed ( moral and legal are two different qualities here ) . 
  so now that we took contracts out of the equations , * the real question is * , are unpaid internships immoral , `` evil '' if you like , and should the law change to reflect that where it does not already ? 
  * `` kill everyone and their mother !, 
   i heard some guy sold his `` soul '' on ebay .
