  or he might no made it * exactly * the same so its does n't get recognized , as it could be a personal in joke . 
  ultimately if the dm has no idea what rick and morty is i would say its a happy coincidence . 
  if he does watch the show though , its a very ( in ) famous scene and its definetely no coincidence ... 
  you do realise that in ( full on ) socialism you also have to work for your living and housing right ? 
  you just work for the state . 
  like the army for example . 
  washington is sucking the blood of down to earth , hardworking white americans to pay for tyrone 's crack . 
  our army is doing its service protecting our liberty in the other side of the world . 
  they need more weapons , aircraft , tanks by the shitload and the us of a will provide for her brave children . 
  something is not right . . 
   robert ryan, 
  actually its the woman that is the communist ( ofcourse ! ) . 
  not bad [ either ] ( http://pics.wikifeet.com/laraine-day-feet-578657.jpg ) . 
  this a very very of practice though . 
  also hope you win the war you unleashed because your economy is like a half dead horse pumped with dope . 
  its running somewhat , but not for long . . 
  a rather infamous chain of posts from someone that claimed he found out his wife ( and his brothers wife ) was cheating and he supposedly followed them into the hotel where they met two guys and he updated live as he stalked them out . 
  infamous because it had a huge amount of redditors following it as it `` unfolded '' but the poster not only made dubious claims he also wrote as a teenager would . 
  also who has the mind to update reddit when he is following his cheating wife ? 
  immortalised by the exchange between him and his `` wife '' after he confronted her afterwards , and she claimed she only kissed and maybe played his penis a bit . 
  no really it was writen similar to that , how a schoolboy would describe sexual acts . 
  ahhh i see tjey followed the drake school of design `` we accidently put the thrusters on the wrong side '' . 
  didnt it had spotlight also at some point ? 
  the major thing out of the millions is she got hit by * a fucking canoe in friggin mountain slope . 
  she had activated `` sticky buttons '' . 
  yeah you are right a pi was mentioned . 
  i remember now that some commenters that claimed do be pis were calling him out on how he was describing the operation was going down . 
  the sword coast and the dales arw dotted with small unmentioned villages . 
  if i remember correctly a non human centeic vilagge is uncommon but they exist ( 3.5 ) . 
  it should be commented though . 
  `` a halfling village ? 
  interesting . '', 
  vs '' after the halfling village you turn right and you will find the generic inn '', 
  it is indeed , ** banzai !!, 
  a guy barged it in with a gun in one of the stores demanding to search for the kids . 
  while mayne not mainstream its definetely not a reddit/4chan meme . 
  alex jones is mainstream . 
  alex jones has been mentioned multiple times by `` mainstream '' media but also politicians . . 
  as / u/pigboyohboy said , take some time to get familiar with basic concepts of space flight like how orbits work for example . 
  this is a very realistic sim so try to forget everything you have seen in movies . 
  use the starting ships ( the one that looks like a spacejet ) for a while , its a bit `` cheaty '' but it allows you to make mistakes without destroying your whole progress because you run out of fuel 200m from the docking ring of the iss . 
  the problem was n't that they picked an old doctor . 
  the problem is they picked an old doctor while they kept writing like he was a young one . 
  props for using centripetal . 
  they are freeing * multiple * murderous dictators . . 
  this actually happens to many aiports around the world . 
  especially since urbanization is still going . 
  it 's not a story the jarls would tell you . 
  i think we should only count individual server populations . 
  meaning thousands is the most plausible . 
  so wait , you * really * have n't heard the story of darth plagueis the wise ? 
   case in point : why not just bomb the airport lobby ? 
  hundreds of people , do n't have to pass checkpoints , and if you bomb a major hub like lax , you can shut down flights across the country and parts of the world . 
  that was my thought for years . 
  then it happened in brussels after i moved there and the place i worked was really close to the blast area ( but i was off shift ) . 
  i thought i jinxed it , but in reality it was obvious . 
  i find it hilarious that they say `` we '' based on skin tone . 
  it doesnt make any sense . 
  maybe we should make a `` big feet master race '' since those littlefeet guys are pollutibg the gene pool . 
  i find it doubly hilarious about supremacists fron my country , greece . 
  i mean come on dog , our `` culture '' survived 2000 of occupation/being part of huge empires from the romans to the ottomans . 
  if some couple of thousand refugees topples us in a couple of years , ehh we had a good run . 
  its a very nice game for its genre , especially considering ay the time of its releash the tactical format was dead except jagged alliance some year before . 
  its not a fallout * rpg * for sure , and it has lore issues , but its a solid game . 
  the title would give the twist away . 
  also you are nitpicking latin in a story where a female immortal emperor of rome impales the invading aztec with charlemagnes sword . 
  the realism bar is pretty low . 
  then i must be a genius that i have finished it when i was 14 . 
  joke aside , the game is designed to be played with a specific mode , i do n't remember which ( real timer or turn based ) but it was very easy . 
  just get your guys close in a prone position and then make them stand up . 
  they would annihilate the enemies before they react almost all the time . 
   from physics, 
  as a greek , it triggers me that he uses our own word to be ignorant . 
  she was probably dutch speaking . 
  language is kinda a big deal in belgium . 
  i was watching a french movie the other day in tge television . 
  at some point two dudes are in the same room fuckung the brains out if teo gals they scored in a bar . 
  all are naked and sweaty , and the fucking is very realistic . 
  they didnt actually show nipples or genitalia by clever tricks of the camera , but they dudes where fucking them with gusto . 
  the age restriction was `` older than 12 '' . 
  that * is * an awesome name . 
  goddamit i got swifted . 
  the you have the goverment ban all games for a couple of weekends . 
  if they keep going you ban international competitions . 
  and the goverment can keep going as long as it wants . 
  not the fans . 
  oh i know . 
  and even more than money you have the football votes . 
  i am just saying the solution is there . 
  watching sports in not a right . 
  can we stop calling them ` alt-right ' ? 
  they are faschists/neonazis with a new `` age of the hashtag '' brand name . 
  because both are typical , hell even stereotypical `` purist '' movements , that have existed since forever from religion to politics to * sports * . 
  yet the same tricks always work , until all hell breaks loose , the mainstream gets fatigued and socked by the bloodshed and shuns them ... for a while . 
  i kinda expect it . 
  most modern conspiracy theories , especially the `` shadow government '' genre had its roots to `` left '' leaning conspiracy theorists from the 70s to the 90s . 
  the jfk assassination , mkultra , watergate scandal , iran contra affair etc have greatly influenced those theories ( understandably ) . 
  the right was mostly of the `` end of times '' genre , like hypodermal chips and the `` mark of the beast '' before cooping the aforementioned in the 00s and mixing them up . 
  thats why we have it !, 
  health , internal and external security , infrastructure , research you name it !,
