  even pl has turned into a more sedentary lifestyle due to the moon changes . 
  you just told me you want to become moa pre wwb or aaa that were called ` cockroaches of eve '' . 
  good for you i guess ? 
  you are spewing nonsense . 
  you are telling me that test should go back to their word ( good or bad , they gave them ) soiling their rep , to `` burn down the rus lolol '' . 
  you are forgetting that a ) even tri+c o2 + test together cant evict drf . 
  b ) at least one partner , tri , would prefer to commit suicide than grind all that sov and c ) goons would jump in the chance to destroy co2 ( and test with it as a sideloss ) when legacy was busy fighting the russian hordes . 
  the * best * case if test joinedtri and co2 would be they evict fcon , that most probably would be given a couch to crash from drf , then co2/test get gangbanged by everyone while tri either makes a token show or force , or just go immidietly npc null which is their original goal from the start . 
  op success ? 
  we will see how many times you are going to drop your vaunted cap fleet in the following weeks niw that you are outnumbered . 
  hmmm use claw fleets trying to bust tris balls while we are waiting for our allies to come so we can achieve cap parity or better yet , overwhelming numbers , and then farm tri or suicide them so tri hopefully can say `` goodfites '' in local . 
  do you think everyone is as dumb as gigx ? 
  and there are other alliances than fcon . 
  its telling that for all your bravado you went for the ( apparent ) weakest neighbor . 
  you are getting baited by tri and others . 
  its so sad thay co2 is buying the same pl propaganda that made the turn into one of the most notorious `` traitors '' in the game in wwb . 
  cant they see the same persons that are pushong them to `` fuck diplomacy , go burn some rus blue donut huhue '' are the same dudes that are going to farm them again when thry are isolated ? 
  abd this time there isnt going to be a test to stand by them . 
  its ( no really ) sad , particularly for the line members . 
  goons are happy about it . 
  drf is happy about it . 
  most leaders in legacy are happy about it . 
  pf is happy about it . 
  the opposite would be test pissing all of those so tri can light blue them temporarily while they self immolate for `` goodfights '' . 
  and all so they can evict fcon from immensea for a month . 
  and i reread your original comment . 
  you have so basic facts wrong or in wrong timelibe ( that even all sides agree on ) 1 i suggest you stop commenting . 
  co2 attacked drf after test deployed . 
  fcon had pledged support on defending drf sov before abd despite joining drf properly . 
  much obliged . 
  we can keep throwin inty killmails all day every day until your already bored entosis dudes burn out . 
  but meanwhile , the thing that matters , we still have our keepstar , we will still have it , while pretty soon your cap fleet will be undroppable because its going to get gangbanged if it does . 
  hope you savor that ceptor killmarks while you are ship spinning . 
  who knows ? 
  try to get back to gotg pt 2 this time with even more allies ? 
  attack drf in a time and a reason that makes sense ? 
  try to woo more alliances in legacy ? 
  wait for the moon changes and see if they can grab some space , maybe from cva . 
  at least test will still have sov and a coalition . 
  and i dont see how the rest of legacy would be sad to see gigx go . 
  ignoring the memes , it seems test was holding co2 in , with corp leaving for tri for that reason . 
  they did vite for the rest at minimum . 
  well i dont see them jeopardising the entire staging fleet of their single ally because they have the patience of a three year old like co2 did , so the bar is pretty low . 
  stating things will not happen `` because i say so '' works only in kindergarden . 
  he nuked his entire coalition for a single renter system . 
  even 1 year later he would be impatient . 
  because at least test will have it fleet in place and dont renege any agreements in the process ? 
  despite the eve shit posting noone wants to be blue with everyone , but they dont headbutt a wall to prove like gigx did . 
  there is being aggresive and militant and there is being a dumb fuck going berserk . 
  test was neutral with all these entities and probably return to this after the war . 
  and if test gets attacked from one of the two , they can call the other due to test 's unique position ( and not been gigx that pissed both ofcourse ) so the `` not having allies '' thing is your wishfull thinking . 
  do you have the slightest idea what you are talking about ? 
  again you are caught having a pretty strong opinion but nit knowing basic stuff . 
  co2 already had half of feyth for renters ( bob ) . 
  i mean , you cam always check dotlan before spewing nonsense, 
  gigx went to war for one system . 
  he could n't wait and endangerd test , his only ally , for one system . 
  this a mod approved quality post . 
  hey did you know that there is a relativelly cheap one shot vaccine that lowers the chances of some forms of cancer down to single digits ? 
  brobably the big pharma hit squads dailed to silence those intrepid scientists the 10-20 years they did public research , clininical trials , published peer reviewed articles etc etc. 
  usually when one company is close to a discovery the others are not that far off . 
  so they either stick in their tried and true product and get obsolete by their competitors , or they bring on the market themselves and enjoy their blue ocean before the other catch up . 
  i have a feeling a lot of the foundations laid for the production of rome by hbo were used in got ( they even share a lot of actors ) so the influence did happen , in a roundabout way . 
  that would be the og game of thrones . 
  byzantine nobles didnt fuck around with intrigue . 
  this phrase is the official motto of the the greek army . 
  also i think that phrase has been mentioned from other ancient historians so it gets bumped from `` it didnt happen '' to `` i am pretty sure it didnt happen '' . 
  and everyone forgets the 700 thespians and 400 thebans . 
  you momma is so fat dionysius had to invent a bigger boat . 
  candles and horses . 
  roughly 100 years ago electricity and cars were expensive and novelties , so people that had those were affluent . 
  these days a candle light dinner and a using a horse for going on a ride are usually upscale/classy activities . 
  you are a natural , so yes . 
  not that much as today . 
  mules , donkeys were common for the poor as well , but today they are mostly novelties in the zoo or use for tourist rides at best . 
   * roughly *, 
  ita a perfect example of a main point the show concistently makes : people in power stay so much focused in their petty intrigues they miss the fact the world is big and can throw bigger and worse things that you can imagine or prepare for . 
  tywin died that way , littlefinger died that way and cersei will die that way ( while her brother finally woke up and left her ) . 
  littlefinger still though he was in season 3 , because thats the world he grew up and knew of . 
  they start talking , socializing , thry form a corp to play with their buddies , lo and behold 3423 war deccs later they unistall . 
  hey maybe next time the `` toddlers '' wil not form up to join your op , and prefer to stay back and keep they space safe . 
  last time i checked , yesterday you didnt had a confessor fleet . 
  but maybe we should get back to that . 
  hey you could do that !, 
  but then you would get tied up to gigx crazy ride and get evicted with them sooner rather than later , considering he has pissed pretty much * everyone * in the game . 
  dont push it like you did that only from the goodness of your heart . 
   illogical, 
  the best thing would be a series , focusing on `` normal '' people that for one reason or another are forced to travel the universe ( like the expanse , or clear skies ) . 
  it will be useful an d interesting to expand the present lore and see how the eve universe is down on the `` ground level '' and will make the series open to more broad part of the population . 
  capsuleer 's should be very distant and nearly mythic beings for the protagonists , more a force of nature when they ( very rarely ) appear than a character . 
   it was a classic of my childhood , although it 's actually far older than me . 
  also scary as hell sometimes , like when in this case he turns all hairy and shit . 
  old animation could really damage a child 's soul . 
  i just rewatched it for old times shake . 
  the adult jokes during the island of pleasures are hilarious and quite risque . 
  asterix has to jump into the water ( that immediately steams and bubbles up because he is hot ) to break the umm . . girl 's `` effect '' on him . 
  he is getting ( dangerously ? ), 
  close to chaotic neutral . 
  all those stuff start from issues of low self esteem . 
  a woman with had multiple sexual partners has ( supposedly ) a lot more experience to judge and compare her sexual partner .
