  but give it a few years and those meat eaters will start complaining about the selection of meats , and what do ya know , they will allow baby meat . 
  did i do well ? 
  the guillotine was specifically invented to offer the fastest and painless death at the time . 
  yes master . 
   despite the backlash lots of money was made . 
  no reason not to make another . 
  however it is a real story from him . 
  like a painter that finished his work after some weeks or months but we can still see his genuine feelings when he started . 
  its called art . 
  thank god he did n't slip and hit his head in front of all those people . 
  umm hello ? 
  you missed the most obvious use , the conquest of space !, 
  with pokeballs negating volume and mass , moving stuff through space and into space would cost a fraction and would be way faster . 
  pokeball . 
  pokeball . 
  pokeball . 
  awesome !, 
  * how * do you join the freemasons ? 
  from what i have read , the official goals are pretty noble . 
  but from what i have seen in my country it looks like a upper class private club for old men with too much time in their hands . 
  it was a platonic symbol . 
  oh shut up already . 
  almost every thread in here is bashing gaw . 
  the guy is not responding to the kicks because he revels that he got to the white shirt guy 's nerves and he is playing the big bad guy ( `` you are weak and you can kick me as much as you like pussy '' ) . 
  if the white shirt guy * really * pushed he would get a beating . 
  cop got the wrong guy . 
  i know because i have been against these type of guys :( . 
  ahh the usual reddit 2 secs rule . 
  what position you take for a particular thread in the first 2 secs you will hold it no matter what . 
  they think i am defending the apparent bully . 
   possibility for lethal direct energy weapons ? 
  um , it is pretty common knowledge that direct energy weapons exist . 
  and they would pretty lethal if they were used against humans , but the cost and energy required is too great . 
  instead they are used for blowing up icbms . 
  i wonder how they would handle jesus if they ever make a roman empire game ( instead of a roman republic one as eu : rome was ) . 
  since he was n't a secular leader like muhammad i do n't think there would be a need to portray him . 
  i would probably insert a chain of events about a new jewish sub-religion spreading in the eastern areas . . 
  i do n't think he was noticed a lot by the roman authorities of the time to warrant an event to the emperor or a character in gaul for example . 
  event chains would be better i think . 
  `` your wife has been interested in a new eastern heresy that some of her friends practice . '', 
  choices :, 
  * `` love thy neighbor ? 
  sounds nice . . '' event chain to become christian . 
  women and their fashions . 
  it will never catch on ! '', 
  stay pagan . 
   probably the same way they do , say , guru nanak or luther . 
  an event notifying the religion 's founding ( maybe the execution of jesus ) and provinces start flipping . 
  yeah pretty much how i thought it could work . 
   an event chain for the province 's governor to spare him would certainly be interesting , though . 
  ahh the possible backslash would be measured in megatons . 
  remember , christ * had * to be sacrificed and it was predetermined . 
  avoiding it would be like openly declaring he is only a man . . 
  ehh very touchy subject with not a lot of positives . 
  its not about a philosophical discussion but about cold hard facts : implementing that kind of decision has * chances * of alienating buyers or drawing attention paradox does n't want without adding anything remotely significant in the game . 
  at best it would keep the roman empire pagan . 
  just watch the first hour of independence day to get by . 
  me and a friend have done it with two best friends , one married . 
  so it can happen . 
  religion was not a choice matey . 
  edit :, 
  you can down vote as much as you can you edgy teenagers , but that will not change the reality :, 
  religion and belief to something divine was used to explain a lot of stuff that were unexplained , it strengthened the social bonds and created a moral code . 
  also it created less long term stress because you had someone to look out for you . 
  we are pretty much hardwired to create religion eventually for lack of an alternative . 
  religion might be a choice * now * but not 5000 years a go . 
  cry me a river . 
  but where can we find 1 millions suns worth of energy ? 
  from the article :, 
   a top contender is the collapse of an oversized neutron star that should have given way to a black hole long ago , but was spinning so fast that relativity made it seem lighter . 
  but other possibilities include a flare from a magnetar , a type of neutron star with an extremely strong magnetic field . 
  no aliens here boys . 
  move along , nothing to see . 
   nailed to a * processed * tree . 
  not exalcy what i meant . 
  religion was used to explain a lot of stuff that were unexplained , it strengthened the social bonds and created a moral code . 
  also it created less long term stress because you had someone to look out for you . 
  we are pretty much hardwired to create religion eventually for lack of an alternative . 
  i replied here :, 
  you cant prove the negative . 
  there are no indication that this was done by intelligent life , yet it points to natural phenomenon . 
   a little premature, 
  this is not an alien phenomenon , this is a natural phenomenon . 
  [ radio waves can be created by nature and are pretty common . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/radio_astronomy ) while the chances of extraterrestrial life are pretty high , this is not one from them . 
  he is being overdramatic about pointing plot holes ( where did the war goats came from ? 
  i know . 
  i was just explaining the previous guy . 
  titles can be used to refer to a specific person when you can understand by the context who are you refering to . 
  for example , if you say `` the queen looked lovely today '' while in the uk nobody is going to wonder who you are talking about . 
  r/fifthworldproblems is leaking again . . 
  yup . 
  not exacly a choice . 
  new guy in brussels . 
  from all the nice places and buildings , it buffles me to no end how that statue is the face of the city . 
  that and your weird garbage system . 
  `` oh , he 'll probably take me to shady sands once he 's done ... what do you mean you want grandchildren ?! '', 
  give it a tug ... 
  bro do you even draw ? 
  `` i do n't want to talk to you no more , you empty-headed animal food trough wiper !,
