   a global competition viewed by millions with life changing repercussions for the winner with a very reapected title that comes with winning it, 
  its all or nothing . 
  sure buddy . 
  you are on point , but i want to mention that satan was morgoth . 
  sauron could be of the other fallen angels . 
  true , true , but morgoth was one that used tricks and lies to hude the truth of what he was ( i mean , he event tricked the valar that he had repented for a time ) . 
  but both can be seen equally as a satan archeype so i think the discussion is moot . 
  you have never been to null have you ? 
  nothing stops you from simply not shooting * those * neutrals and shoot * those * neutrals instead . 
  standings are a way to make it a tad easier whats happening already . 
  humans have a natural tendency to gravitate into bigger groups and cooparate for common goals , its how we became the top dog of the planet fam . 
  i always founs hilarious that they placed a defininetely greek style influenced statue in the middle of tgeir country 's central plaza in a bid to say that alexander wasnt greek . 
  oots is following dnd rules unless stared otherwise . 
  since the `` invite only '' has never be mentioned in the comic and all scenes ignore it we can safely assume its not valid . 
  durkula is de facto the high priest but not de jure . 
  the other gods are trapped in their , i quote , '' archaic laws '' . 
  he is not the * official * hpoh . 
  check the difference between what de facto and de jure means . 
  vampire in oots dont need to be invited . 
  its not really difficult . 
  are you going to fork 60 $ for a game that has slightly better graphics and that 's it ? 
   3.5 dnd rules say that vampires have to be invited , its in the weaknesses, 
  you start from this completely wrong premise . 
  oots is not a standard 3.5 adventure that goes by the book . 
  its at best a home-brewed campaign , or at worst it has rules `` as the plot demands '' . 
  rich burlew has stated that numerous times because they are a bazillion times that what happens in the comic contradicts the rulebooks . 
  i mean , you can spin yourself wild theories trying to reconcile the rules with the story , but it is what it is . 
   by the word of godesss she voided the abdication . 
  again you are assuming something really really complicated when we can safely assume that hel is calling him her high priest for her own ease . 
  i mean he * is * the high priest , she knows it , he knows it , the order knows it , the rest of the clerics know it , hell the * gods * know it ... but nobody can do anything because he legally appointed his successor , * as it is directly addressed in the comics * . 
  if you want to spin wild theories to plug a non existant plot hole , hey i aint going to stop you or care . 
  i think the sentiment is mostly based on what europe would be without greece , * and * vise versa , since at the depth of the crisis the prospect of greece breaking off from eu and europe in general was looking pretty damn probable . 
  it would be like having the us without washington dc . 
  definitely doable , but would left out kinda of a big part of the history and `` soul '' of the country . 
  greeks are also the first to point how `` the mighty have fallen '' . 
  as for trying to find the root of the `` dutch '' in greek , it might sound simply hilarious at first ( and it is ) but when you stop and think how many names in the continent are still greek , rooted in greek , or are greek translated ancient local names ( europe , ancona , marseilles , sicily , britain , atlantic , russia etc etc ) its not * that * crazy to think that other words might have a greek connection . 
  of course this not the 50 's and a quick google search could show how wrong he was . 
  the invitation to godsmoot has nothing to do with rules concerning vampires . 
  the door to the dwarven temple is not opening because it needs the special stone , again nothing to do with vampires and the vampire dude is simply frustated that their plan has been stopped by a goddamn door . 
  i am surprised you miss so obvious things . 
  your circural logic is astounding . 
  `` they were invited because they are vampires , and they needed to * because * they were invited '' . 
  i am not pushing my interpretation , its written in the comic . 
  ypu do know that this doest make you an ideal customer and if many di that the game and company will crash and burn right ? 
  edgy . 
  checkers ? 
  or you know , be an adult , try to focus recruiting people that suit your alliance needs and if some of the members do n't follow the philosophy of the group or consistently break the rules kick them out of the alliance giving them some time to gtfo . 
  or instead you could go on a childish rant and break their shiny toys to feel better . 
  if you find the running of an alliance stressful enough to `` snap ' and take it all out on a random dude , maybe you should n't be running an alliance . 
  shitty members will always exist in every alliance , the leader should have a standard method of weeding them out , if the he cant hold his composure its his own damn fault . 
  actually this is supported by this very comic we are commenting . 
  the verdict is up for that . 
  and even if he did , the punishment was disproportionate and illogical . 
  he could be simply get kicked . 
  i mean what is the message he is trying to give ? 
  join ctas or we are going to shoot you whenever we damn fill like it ? 
  what happens if someone simply misses the cta ? 
  does he have to jump into a ceptor and rush solo 25 jumps to get blapped by the russians or stop playing the game he pays for until it is over because his video game clan leader told him to ? 
  some ctas last hours and hours particularly due to tidi . 
  you cant expect everything to freeze for that . 
  i mean you can , but you will be dissapointed . 
  i am a ceo myself . 
  i try to find players that have at least some willingness to fight for home defence and alliance fleets . 
  i start them easy , but i always make sure to respectfully prod them to get in fleets , get in better doctrines , get individual pvp knowledge and experience etc. 
  my noobie corp is outperforming many other corps in fleet participation and had spectacular ( again for a new/newbie corp ) home defence saves despite that 90 % of them have being highsec miners . 
  but you can get the occasional wrong candidate in . 
  do you know what i do with people that dont follow through ? 
  i give them warnings , and if they dont respond by getting better i tell them to get out . 
  no drama . 
  no blue on blue . 
  the ultimare person that has responcibility for the quality of the corp members we have is me and only me . 
  or i could be a prick and shoot their ships down everytime i feel like it . 
  judge , jury and executioner . 
  whoa what a twat . 
  not the mountains between gondor and rohan though , at least in any meaningful numbers to be mentioned . 
  she seems to be aware of the rocks role thought in the video . 
  no i think it came from the `` muh freedom !, 
  goverment is evul !! 1 ! '', 
  americans that popped up immiedietly, 
   i literally thought the british won the battle, 
  well maybe you should open any * proper * history book available and you will find that dunkirk is considered * at best * a somewhat successful retreat . 
  if germans have n't dropped the ball , the whole uk expeditionary force would have been wiped , * probably * kicking uk out of the war . 
  instead , due to germans slowing down and the uk saving most of manpower ( which is very very important because it is more difficult to replace than a tank ) with a quite extraordinary logistical move , they stayed up fighting with all the results this had ( the need to man the atlantic war , diverting resources for the battle of britain and in africa , uk being used as a launch point fro operation overlord etc etc ) . 
  was it a defeat ? 
  yes , but you have to see the broader strategic context . 
  thermopylae was a defeat , or the athenians evacuating athens to be looted and burned would be classified as a defeat as well , but both cases allowed greeks to regroup and find better tactical positions to wreck the persians . 
  meh co2 simply run our of people to backstab so they turned against thet members instead . 
  i mean can you blame them ? 
  last time the north got invaded it all started as a joke . 
  for horde you can simply leave your character docked in a new player system . 
  i guarantee you will get an invite in max 1 hour . 
  then another . 
  and another . . 
  unless we go with the theory that the emperor would get reincarnated if he dies , either as himself , or as bona fide god to defeat the chaos gods once and for all . . so those sacrifices no only are unnecessary , they are holding humanity and the entire galaxy back . 
  obviously like a lot of 40k canon it is left ambiguous if it has any truth in it . 
  yup !, 
  but hey 2 out if 3 are good things for humanity so pull the plug already !, 
  i think picture embodies nature . 
  on one hand , you see a poor seal getting mauled . 
  but in the backround you see the baby bear that * needs * to eat or it will die .
