  that they are adding more character specific , rpg elements so at some point they can open up landless characters ( and ofcourse theocracies ) for gameplay . 
  because they would detract the eyes attention from the clothes . 
  true . 
  you need a `` title '' at all times . 
  but i keep my hopes up since they jury rigged it to have barony levels for republics . 
  maybe at least open barony levels and perhaps one the represents your mercenary band/family/retainers for knights also tied with the fort system . 
  so you dont upgrade your keep but you `` buy '' horses ( + cavalry ) or better weapons ( + morale ) ? 
   if hearing bitching about lodge management and administration irks you , i suspect you 'd be better off pursuing membership in another organization . 
  every organization will have its bureaucracy and sometimes different opinions on how to proceed to the future that might lead to debate . 
  but if this :, 
   such cheap-asses and crybabies ? 
  is a normal representation of masonry , that supposedly `` makes good men better '' you bet i will . 
  i thought you where supposed to hold yourself in standards higher than the others ? 
  so if this was a boyscout i wouldnt bat an eye but it really dissapointed me in a mason . 
  especially when i understand that elitism between members is a no-no . 
  i am still confused on what `` gender fluid '' is and whats the difference between bisexuality by they never finished before getting locked : /, 
  while i generally agree that sometimes we forget what is going on , you are oversimplifying things and you are veering into narcissism yourself . 
  humans are complex creatures , and they can both worry and try to make life better for raped children , or stop wars , or try to lower poverty ( case in point , the world in general is going much better than ever , [ with global poverty , slowly but indeed falling ] ( http://www.worldbank.org/en/topic/poverty/overview ) ) and scoff about baked beans or care about the knicks . 
  humans are not movie characters . 
  yeahhh i would like a description from someone that doesnt sound like a bingo game fron tumbrlinaction, 
  yup . 
  glad it was shorted out . 
  i also understand why i see so many posts about not finding members . 
  pretty funny considering britain was and is a majore melting pot since before the romans !, 
  the war in starship troopers the movie is identical with the `` wars '' in 1984 between equally oppressing regimes . 
  its there to draw attention to an outside enemy , and so people can forgo their liberties for security ( `` service guarantees citizenship '' ) . 
  also to cull and/or indoctrinate the younger generations , that are more rebellious and dangerous for the higher ups . 
  a prime example is how rico loses both his mentor and romantic interested in what is essentially a bait mission , yet he does n't bat an eye after being rewarded with the `` honor '' to keep throwing younger and younger soldiers in the meat grinder . 
  in case you have n't noticed book adaptations and sequels/remakes have been common to hollywood since forever . 
  its procedural generation and the legacy of minecraft . 
  what people and devs fail to realize is that procedural generation in games can be very wide , but also very shallow in detail due to how procedural generation works . 
  you have to keep the building blocks simple so the thousands of combinations that occur can be workable , so you easily can have a bazilion color changes of the skin of you creatures , but not on how many legs they have , because the legs needs animations . 
  in this example either the creature will not have variations of legs so they will all look similar or they will not animate their legs so they will be cosmetic . 
  the way to counteract this is to give * enough * tools for the player to personalize and detail his corner of the procedural world . 
  famous examples that succeeded is ofcource minecraft but also space engineers , starbound , subnautica and others . 
  failed examples are spore , no man 's sky and countless minecraft clones that simply did n't had neither the customization ability of mature minecraft neither the grace period it had because it was the pioneer . 
  i thought that caused nonstopped vomiting everywhere ? 
  everyone is forgetting thst vitamin d can be fatal . 
  and its a bitch to find sources of it . 
  oh yes !, 
  just read at a point where you are ready to get depressed . . 
  i am guessing it turning into a rich mans club ? 
  those where always in fashion . 
  tune out his political views ? 
  while he might not insert his social views in his stories , his stops the story in a screetching halt to devote pages and pages about political concepts particularly in the later books . 
  i hate when scifi writers stop being subtle and start reading as a paphlet . 
  so wealthy people do n't spend money in frivolous things or purely for image reasons ? 
  is that what you are trying to say ? 
  if you ever dealt with recruiting and diplo is a boon for hr from reading cvs ( and picking up the bullshit ) to employee relations and training . 
  perhaps you should . 
   who 's going to set up watch for the night ? 
  probably not the guy that prepares the firebombs . 
  believe me it does . 
  he can do both at the same time essentially . 
  he can do the impossible . 
  `` can he lift that rock or not '', 
  `` yes '', 
  any relation with sir bearigton ? 
  its pretty weird walking down the paths from/to eu parliement and leopold and getting hit by the contrast of the two buildings . 
  i joked that working at the service industry can get you ptsd . 
  apparently it can ? 
  i sometimes get panic attacks , i wake up screaming in nightmares and sometimes if i see something that reminds me the job i get stressed ( for example if a scene in a movie is about a highclass restaurant i have to stop it for a bit ) . 
  is n't this a bit arbitrary and humanizing though ? 
  smog , cities , concrete and pollution sucks for humans , but for the nature with a capital n. . . it would n't give a single fuck , concrete has no difference than natural stone , smog is not more lethal or bad than the plumes of volcanic activity . 
  as matter of fact , civilization and technology might be better for life on the long term , because as you said , it allows `` life '' to spread to other , * lifeless * planets . 
  about a year or two ago i would tell you its definitely satire . 
  these days it looks like a standard politics/country subreddit . 
  its a very weird and a bit inconsistent nature then . 
  i mean , if it can understand its own mortality and plan ahead for its protectiob , would it be daft to hold down the only part of it that can save at least a part of it in case of a global catastrophe ? 
  extinctions had happened without humans you know . 
  i would prefer if this was a responce to something completely alien to this nature , perhaps * another * nature and its species that have invaded that are completely incompatible with the local one , maybe via magical ways !, 
  did you read the part where a human city is trying to colonies other planets , yet they need to keep `` nature '' at bay but spewing as much as possible pollution ? 
   it 's kind of a world-spirit thing . 
  well yeah . 
  but it does n't seem to be a spirit to value * natural * evolution and progress that includes * technology * , but forced stagnation especially in a ( quite human i might add ) view of what constitutes `` pristine natural condition '' . 
  a true elemental force would n't care * how * it looked , only that life existed . 
  another good example is the use of nuclear weapons as a catalyst . 
  well global nuclear war would majorly fuck up humans , but nature would n't and should n't care less , because a ) radiation exists anyways b ) its another extinction event that in a planetary timescale happen regularly and c ) it would n't hurt , or might even help microorganisms , a gargantuan percentage of what is the biosphere , by evolving them or spreading them into the stratosphere , space and maybe other planets . 
  actually op responded to my remarks in a pretty good way . 
  better than `` its his creation he can do whatever '' . 
  creator post here for people to admire but also debate their creations . 
  ahhh things are making way more sense now . 
  so we can say nymphs come from a * specific * aspect/image of `` nature '' ? 
  thanks for the expanded info . 
  i hate qos because it made zero sense , its story was like casino royale part 2 . 
  the problem was that the first movie was out 2 years before it , and they assumed that it was so famous and intriguing people would remember the scenario or rewatch like it was lord of the rings . 
  it was n't . 
  if you have n't played or read about the strategy game alpha centaury , you should check it out . 
  it steps on the same ideas only with less sexy nymphs , and more brain eating worms that hit you with terror psy waves to keep you frozen , but alive and conscious while eating your brain . 
  it gives a good reason on why what is essentially a god that is the planet might want to destroy civilization , something not inherently evil ( spoilers : its essentially still a child and not fully conscious so it can understand what it is doing ) . 
  yours could have the equivalent of brain damage from the war . 
  makes it more tragic/ironic . 
  or you could tell me to get the fuck off , its your creation , and i would agree . 
  but it makes sense now . 
  they hid an order in the computer where they told him to count upwards until a huge specific number . 
  since it is a big number , it slows the computer down , so there is a `` problem '' to fix if it is a slow week at the office and it seems it ( and its employees ) might not be as essential . 
  the they `` fix '' it by simply lowering the target number into a smaller one and they look like heroes . 
  its an it false flag . 
  if i remember correctly vampires take damage from garlic , but its used mostly as a very strong repellent . 
  this aversion to garlic might be due to the bacterium causing neurological changes so it `` protects '' the host .
