  everyone , including the clone troopers themselves , believed the clone armies where protectors of the republic , its democratic ideals , personal freedom , and hope for peace . 
  and tragically they * where * until order 66 turned them into essentially droids with human bodies . 
  its actually ingenious that the two uniforms are so different in the feelings they evoke . 
  we have a solution in many real world locations . 
  the tombs of the unknowns/unknown soldier . 
  its not a tomb dedicated to one specific soldier or groups , but pretty much * everyone * kia or mia . 
  this will be easier for ccp to implement as well , without running into legal or moral problems with the families of the deceased , while player groups will be able to run adhoc memorials there for specific situations , as it happens in real life.paging u/ccp _ falcon !, 
  yep . 
  at this point it was just ~ ~ the trade federation ~ ~ before the senate repealed the laws about hyperspace neutrality . 
  most of the named characters are white ( - ish ) mercs , but the two head honchos on the first part and the mooks are black africans . 
  i think it changes in the second part , but alas , i never finished it ( curse you respawning checkpoints ) . 
  i absolutely loved farcry 3 , the protagonist is a huge deconstruction of the `` everyman turned action hero '' type . 
  i would love the bad ending to be the only one and canon , sans theq betrayal of the native girl afterwards . 
  you killed it , you bought it , enjoy the rest of your miserable life pawn . 
  did you forget that numerous time the state apparatus , including the security forces , supported the oppresion of us citizens during the cold war ( mcarthism , infiltration of left groups by cia/fbi , kent state etc ) based on political views ? 
  that because you had to go below them !, 
  you mean how they shot unarmed students ? 
  `` indoctrinate '' has very bad connotations . 
  i have no sldog in this race , but that sounds normal everyday procedure for a private company . 
  on the same vein , [ rogue waves ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rogue_wave?wprov=sfla1 ) , another old sailors myth that got proven true relatively recently . 
  the reason scientists actually believed and started searching for them was because ships have becone big and robust ( oil tankers ) enough to sometimes survive and limp back to port with almost their entire bow missing . 
  before that , ships simply vanished without any survivors . 
  it even contradicted the established physics models used for wave calculation . 
  the first definite measurement of a rogue wave was taken in * 1995 * . 
  i think this is essentially what it has been established to have haplened by now ? 
  except the part were the army deliberatly propagated the myths , i think they would trying to subdue all the talk because any foreign intellifence officer worth his to salt should be able to understand what was going on ( army base good for testing + sudden appearences if flying objects around it = new prototypes ) . 
  maybe lafayette copied the `` run as fast as you can while trying to lose as few people as possible '' washington 's new york campaign . 
  what ? 
   on the same vein , *** [ rogue waves ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rogue_wave?wprov=sfla1 ) , *** another old sailors myth ... 
  its right there ... 
  the `` normal '' people had to spend 5 years until the radiation had fallen enough to be safe for them . 
  since clark has black blood , her only danger was the death wave ( some days/weeks ) , and then she could go outside . 
  it was shown when they where testing the black blood at the first dude , he was fine at black rain levels of radiation . 
  actually in greek history lessons matzikert is taught as when the empire passed the point of no return , with the loss of much of anatolia to the turks due to that defeat . 
  this is incredibly inaccurate . 
  the ere remained one if the strongest entities in europe for centuries after the fall of rome . 
  heck the city wasnt even that important by that time , being already replaced by ravenna as the defacto capital . 
  i just realized something . . are these the first space marines that twill be able to see on their left and right and not blocked by their pauldrons ? 
  `` so the fight went down to the last punch , and despite the guy winning because he was more prepared he was a loser '' . 
  theodosian walls , the greek fire , the chain of bosphorus and the outstanding diplomacy that saved ere multiple times was not a sign of weakness , but traits of a powerfull nation . 
  every other state around them got invaded and conquered many times over , when byzantium survived and destroyed even more invasions than that ( vandals , avars , lombards , sassanids , slavs , bulgarians , arabs etc etc ) . 
  its not cheating if you are playing solo !, 
  and , suprisingly for me , the mechane subplot has payed off . 
  with oots having finally getting their personal shit together ( mostly ) and for once being at the top of their game , we needed an `` everyday man '' point of view , that we got from the crew . 
  and refreshingly , fuckups didnt happen because someone from the main group grabbing the idiot ball and not sharing info/acting selfishly/being emotional , but because a bunch of what is the equivelent of `` civilians '' getting thrusted in a crazy situation above their paygrade and understandably freaking out . 
  bandanas speech feels like a copy of the indepedence day speech , where `` normal '' dudes also have to pull their weight while the main heroes still have to do their job . 
  agreed in all arguments , but calling it a zombie from the fall of rome is simply wrong . 
  i am watching tng these days and the prime directive does n't make a tiny slick of sense . 
  they can beam down , drink , discuss , fuck with the locals , but saving a crew 's life from the local law is a huge no no ? 
  i mean , dude , you are space aliens , even ignoring the previous cavorting and space fucking , merely acknowledging the presence of your ship in orbit probably altered the entire planets history , culture and religion , but there is where you draw the line ? 
  so lets take hypothetical 1v1 on the sun between two equally experienced players . 
  one has enough normally aquired skills and isk and the other can unload major $ $ in injectors and isk . 
  who is going to win in our hypothetical 1v1 ? 
  we now have patriarch mana . 
  one is locked in his options by his normal trained skills and ingame won isk , the other can use as many $ $ as he wants to open up his skill queue and buy ships . 
  letssay they are two 2 week accounts . 
  incarna was wayyy up there . 
  at least they got money out of dust and actually delivered most of their concept . 
  oh no we will get it in 2027 , but the initial release will be only a single desert map and only a pistol ( that you can spent $ $ to buy skins !, 
  incarna is dead . 
  the code is old and most of devs have long left the company . 
  to sell globes that require a pretty expensive setup , instead of just cheapo 2d maps ? 
  it really amazes me that people in eve see some behaviors as cool that in every other hobby or team game would be seen as sociopathic . 
  imagine if they pulled this in their local boardgame club or amateur sports team . 
  i blame ccp for promoting this mentality , but it had bitten them in the ass already with people quitting the game or simply not trying it . 
  so another misanthropic prick trying to justify what he did and sugarcoating it with bragging how cool he is . 
  you cant justify manipulating real peoples feelings buddy . 
  ccp has actively promoted this kind of mentality multiple times , up and including a promotional video where a the protagonist inflitrates a corp and steals their money for example . 
  so they * are * to blame a * lot * . 
  null is half empty already . 
  good luck with that . 
  almost noone used poses for serious asset storage anyway because they could use stations . 
  have you even played null ? 
  this an intersting proposal , way better than ops `` waaaaaah i want to get people to stop playing so i can gently stroke my e penis '' . 
  there is an updated version for w2 for modern machines or you need a virtual machine like dosbox to `` cap '' your processor '', 
  so you want to return to pre-citadel sov just with different skins . 
  got it . 
  well its generally accepted that if the enemy is able to use your own fully functional army vehicle you have either failed miserable anyway or your are massively incompetent . 
  indeed . 
  which are directly tied in the sov game . 
  i think he means they try to keep conflict based on humans , their ideas and wants instead of a truly outside force . 
  and the lore paints life in eve universe in pretty bleak tones . 
  would you insert yourself in a social group , learn their secrets and play friend only to win a game of diplomacy ? 
  you bet your ass i would . 
  i played eve in nullsec about 30 minutes ago . 
  does this makes me knoweldgable enough to say that what you are describing is dominiin sov with different skins . 
  lets make it a bit more clear . 
  astrahuses will still be used . 
  major alliance/corp assets will be stored in local hubs that have fortizars . 
  the same ecosystem we had pre citadel . 
  i never said sov * mechanics * , i said sov as how systems and space will be used and how alliances wil structure their infrastructure ( that will be the same as dominion ) . 
  you seem to think that people are going to start using astahuses to store all their juicy things so you can break them and be ritch . 
  in reality they will use fortizars , and since they are way more expensive , they will more rare , and will get back to square one where everyone was packed aroubd 3-4 systems . 
   apparently , in russia , its barbaric to sympathise with someone and civilized to laugh at others ' misfortunes . 
  he is being sarcastic . 
  him . 
  a macharier for lvl 3 missions is a huge overkill . 
  eve can only truly played with groups of people , any experienced player in a corp would had help you out and pointed how to set your ship correctly ( you where missing light drones that can pop the little stuff in a matter of seconds ) and where to use it to get your moneys worth ( in null ratting with a mach , you can get the money you spent for it back in matter of days ) . 
  eve is one of the last mmos where solo playing is extremely difficult to pull . 
  ehhh getting banned is not as easy as it sounds .
