  i have visited quit a bit of castles and they only started becoming truly luxurious after the renaissance and gunpowder rendered big wall ineffectual , with versailles being the groundbreaking palace that other kings then copied . 
  while not possible , at the time it would be seen as terrible thing to do from his subjects . 
  no unfortunately . 
  actually it was quite political for a children 's book . 
  despite the fruits and staff it was targeted mostly to older ages due to length and subject . 
  and i read it during the 90s . 
  those reasons are also why `` modern art '' exists in general . 
  to break barriers and try things that have never have been tried before . 
  some times it succeeds some times not , but the point is not to make something thousands before you have done , or be hang up in a living room . 
  the vast majority of them are still way more conventional that some things you will see in the catwalk . 
  ehhh it is a somewhat humorous subreddit that shows the human side of nazis . 
  everyone has one , we have to always remember that unless they devolve into caricatures and next time they rise we will not say `` oh he cant be a nazi wannabe , look he has a kitten he adores '' . 
  problem is that those kind of things need a strong mod team , because it easily devolves into true admirers clubhouse that `` dint got the joke '', 
  hochostwerwitz , as many other castle have been renovated , outright reconstructed or late medieval constructs like the windsor that are somewhere in between . 
  obviously i am not saying that permanent residence castles where dark and gloomy dungeons like in the movies , but they where quite utilitarian and primary role was defense . 
  and no , a king in 900 would get a lot of angry or perplexed looks from his subjects if he choose to build a mural wit the same costs a whose gate house would need . 
  case in point , both the versailles and the neuschwanstein caused problems with the finances and criticism at the time of their construction , and at a time where castle have long stopped being defense linchpins . 
  the kings residence would reach a point where there where palaces with castle features , instead of castle with palace features . 
  but at the time it was the latter , and good defenses gave the most prestige . 
  i am not saying they should n't exist in the game , but a medieval king pimping up the place big time * instead * of defenses is nonsensical . 
  pretty much on point as what i think . 
  nazis where not comic book villains , they where people . 
  sick , twisted and outright evil people , but still humans . 
  as u/j-of-co said , human history contradicts your view . 
  we colonised the entire planet with pretty basic technology because they where myriads of reasons that mades us ignore major enviromental hazards . 
  the oceans , mountains and deserts of earth are full of bones from people that tried and failed , yet it ultimately didnt stop us . 
  even now people are trying to imagine and find ways to colonise real life hell planets like venus and saturn . 
  typhoid mary spread typhus because she repeatedly ignored the danger and went ti work as a friggin cook . 
  during the embola outbreak people hid their sick because they believed that the hospitals where actually killing them . 
  vaccine denial is mainstream . 
  people can be super dumb . 
  however when a top of the entire world zoologist/biologist wants to caress a space cobra ... 
  or eldar with the numbers filed off , the protoss . 
  all the space races rallied to save earth in particular because the reapens had moved the citadel there . 
  the citadel was moved there because except the turians and their homeworld who also got invaded , humans where the most dangerous species because a single human had wrecked about 4 reapers by then and had the most intel on what was going on . 
  this the first sentence of my comment , that it is followed by an explanation on why that happened ... 
  also it would be pretty useless for viruses no ? 
  some people prefer more difficult locations for various reasons , realigious ( i am doing penance ) social ( i/my society/children are going get stronger and hardened ) or simply by unplanned chance , like a planet that is a prime spot for trade between more prosperous planet turning into a market hub , a military base or research lab causing a city to sprawl around them etc etc or heck even simple wonderlust . 
  if people can travel , people will go there . 
  and some of them will stay . 
  now * every * death planet being civilised is not possible , and i dont think there are any scifi stories that are like this . 
  a guy countered with greenland , our own hydrocephalic frozen wasteland . 
   they did n't actually participate in the fight . 
  pearl harbor was a fight . 
  wake island was a fight . 
  the invasion of the phillipines was a fight . 
  the usa where not just `` technically '' at war in 1941 . 
  which shouldnt be possible . . 
  u/abelhagen whats up with that ? 
  a story hook ? 
  physics are behaving slightly behaving erratically?aliens ? 
  demonic possesion ? 
  come on we cant wait !, 
  goddamit the update schedule sucks . . 
  so having your protectorate invaded , half your pacific fleet damaged or sunk , islands lost and hundreds of soldiers killed or captures does n't count as `` being at war '' ? 
  also the image is modern not from ww2 at all . 
  apparently due to [ two ocean currents . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/climate_of_iceland ), 
  plus at the time you know there are dozens of other usb driver laying around the world with the guys dissertation . 
  so its not going to make an impact if you delete it right ? 
  only in the following years , decades or centuries , the rest are lost in wars , accidents or simply other people also deleting them . 
  on a side note , digital devices are very dangerous for long term storage . 
  we might permanently lose huge chunks of history in the next centuries . 
  so you are saying that the us wernt at war in 1941 because it was `` only '' for a month , ignoring that entire campaigns took that much time ( poland wasnt at war in 1939 because it lasted only a month ?! ), 
  but i am pedantic ? 
  also despite who is wrong or right , being a aggresive bafoon when noone was aggravating you speaks volumes about your self esteem . 
  when i see hundrends of thousands of men died in a span of hour in some battles i am terrified . 
  your bravery , strength , agility or training are mostly irrelevant . 
  just a single random bullet can end you then and there , game over . 
  i gave you facts that contradict your view . 
  if you feel that is `` attacking '' that warrants cursing i suggest you should stop using reddit . 
  or society in general . 
  i hate it when people apply paradox game logic to real life . 
  `` i now understand why leaders has to act in horrible ways like cleansing the natives/crushing peasants/assasinating people '' . 
  ehh no its the other way around , the games are build in way that tries to emulates the actions that already have been taken by real leaders and you are `` forced '' by gameplay mechanics to act that way . 
  real life people werent and they are judged for their actions . 
  i dont want no love fron any tentacles , void or not , thank you . 
   70 year old dude doing a 720 pirouette <, 
  finds one bad apple . 
  lers burn the fucking orchard down . 
  ehh its not inherent in any group or ideology . 
  people are predisposed to get tunnel vision for many things due to our brains . 
  nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooonnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn !!, 
  you will love this [ one ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/7c/62/6b/7c626b9b8d97a82cdfae0e19bc37082d.jpg ) then . 
  an elf . 
  she would be an awesome elf , especially tolkien ones . 
  because they are supper pretty , but they look a bit off , otherworldly . 
  dude that 's a rick and morty reference ... your dm is pulling your leg . . [ this is birdpeople uniform . 
  ] ( https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/800/0*-kucsbuen7ua6iea.jpg ), 
  its proven especially by this part :, 
   `` large gashes in the chest hides have similarly been sewn together , though some faint red stains color the repaired tears . '', 
  because [ major spoiler for rick and morty . 
  what is his trying to say it that at least in communist theory , massacres are not a core concept . 
  while in nazism ( and less so in fascism ) racial differences are a core concept . 
  so you can be a communist without necessarily advocating gulags , but you cant be a nazi without advocating concentration camps . 
  i find it similar with the us and confederate debate , that the us flag was flow in some pretty awful atrocities so it has the same history as the confederate . 
  the problem is the present us flag was n't * specifically * created as symbol of a rebellion to defend slavery . 
  the `` major '' differences are the color of the feathers in the shoulders and that the head piece is not exactly a bird head in the show . 
  the prominent bloodied holes that have no backstory or explanation are the most damning part . 
  also it is possible it is made * with * the birdperson instead of just his suit .
