  i am treating that way the eu that is no going to get completely rewritten , mostly the old republic era . 
  we have to deal with the situation that what happens in the movies is de facto going to supercede everything else , akin to stuff written after the original movie but before the empire strikes back . 
  but we have all that since the 90 's . 
   the only thing we need is amazing sports . 
  [ i ] ( http://youtu.be/er1pgye9uza?t=1m23s ) [ beg ] ( http://youtu.be/3yfd1ceykqg?t=37s ) to [ differ ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=im1inq02kz0 ) . 
  the thing is , we do n't have space colonies because the costs are staggering with few to almost non existent returns . 
  we have the technology to establish long term habitats in space ( and iss is a great example ) we just do n't want to . 
  kill it with * nuclear * fire, 
  major cliches :, 
  * alien races that are too simplistic . 
  either good or bad or super religious etc. 
  with exceptions being to far and between . 
  unless we are talking about hives ( another cliche ) any civilization will have groups ( and not just * fringe * ones ) with different outlooks in politics , culture , and/or religion . 
  * one biome planets : jungle planets , ice planets etc while planets like that exist , they would be useless due to the extreme conditions . 
  even if they had resources , any spacefaring civilization will prefer asteroids or small moons . 
  to add on this :, 
  * the gold mines of space : are the asteroid zones , not the planets . 
  any invading force for resources would ignore the planets and go for the easy pickings . 
  especially if the planets are inhabited . 
  * space battles : mass effect did it very good , the [ forever war ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_forever_war ) did perfect . 
  forget close quarter battles , simple kinetic weapons and ships moving in 2d like they are in the sea , relativity also plays a major role . 
  also unless the ships need to enter atmosphere , you can throw aerodynamic designs out of the window . 
  space battles should be 3d , long range and surprisingly , with laser weapons . 
  and asteroids getting thrown around . 
  * ignoring the [ kardashev scale ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kardashev_scale ) : the alien and human civilizations decipted in most books and movies have technology and culture just a bit more advanced than 21th century , when they are intergallactic empires . 
  in a more realistic manner , vorlons and reapers should be the owners of intergalactic empires . 
  of course , as others pointed out , writing a * good * story can still mean you can use these . 
  some of the best sci fi stories out there have these cliches but turned into all time classics because the writers did a great job . 
  for example , arrakis is a desert planet , but the exclusive production of spice is well written and plays a major role in the books to explain why everyone is there . 
  the hyperions series also make a point about the 21th century humans in space ( normality and stagnation was enforced ) and is a major plot point . 
  hope i helped a bit !, 
  streetlamp le mouse . 
  lothlorien , riverdell and the grey havens where the last grand bastions of the elves because the leaders of those areas had each one of the three elven rings , powerful artifacts that where able to preserve some the old `` magic '' of the world . 
  however if i remember correctly , elrond directly answers why the ring cant stay in riverdell . 
  he says that the elves would be able to resist for a long time due their powers , but they would become small islands of light in dark world dominated by sauron , and sooner or later , they would dwindle and fall . 
  ooc , but i wanted to end that question :, 
  i want to deliver a tiny ring-like device that will bring down the entire usa government , and the delivery point is a building * right next to the white house * . 
  the fbi and cia has the entire background of my colleagues , but i am virtually unknown . 
  they are aware my group has the device , but not where we are . 
  i have two options :, 
  a ) my best buddy and i just fly there with a normal commercial flight . 
  pass the checks posing as tourists . 
  take a taxi to the target building . 
  enter building and deliver the device . 
  b ) gather all known associates , board a squadron of f-15s in france , and try to cross the atlantic in formation , get close to the white house , and drop the device from the air hoping it falls on the correct building . 
  what would you choose ? 
  but what happens until you cast them in the borehole ? 
  moving and handling concentrated , highly radioactive , high-density waste into boreholes might be a great long term plan , but the short term dangers ... 
  everyone outside the still sealed vaults are either mutated by fev or radiation or * both * . 
  fev causes muscular and intelligence increase , but if the species have suffered radiation damage before , only the muscular increase happens while sometimes intelligence * decreases * . 
  hence why we have smart super mutants and dumb super mutants , it depends of pre-infection radiation , that 's why the ` pure ' vault populations s so valuable for the super mutants and the enclave and why we have giant roaches , cazadors , rats ... 
  [ more info . 
  ] ( http://fallout.wikia.com/wiki/forced_evolutionary_virus ), 
  my take on that proposal is that you gather fuel from multiple power plants to one location . 
  and then combine them all together to a bigger mass ( instead of individually storing them ) so it is hot enough to melt all the way down . 
  i do n't think that 's possible because the uranium is not as pure , but a runaway reaction seems much more likely . 
  what happens with the fumes from the melting earth ? 
  deep ground water ? 
  you are basically creating your own mini radioactive volcano . 
   however , if sauron got the one ring , the 3 elven rings would have become corrupted and lothlorien and riverdell would have lost their protective powers . 
  that 's not the case . 
  the elves created the rings based on sauron 's suggestions , but he never got the chance to fiddle with them as he did with the nine and seven . 
  so the elves could use them while sauron had the one ( as it happened during the second age ) , but they had to keep them secret , because if sauron took hold of them he could corrupt them . 
  but that would be the case * after * he conquered lothlorien and riverdell , not before . 
  the rings would still protect if sauron took the ring and conquered the rest of middle earth . 
  but the elven areas would either fall due to sheer numbers , or left to slowly wither in their enclaves , since darkness would be everywhere , the men and hobbits dead or enslaved and the road to the west closed forever . 
   with tech , other than mass surveillance , and fuck that . 
  or you know , helping desperate , possible low education and/or addicted people , who are the usual perpetrators of thousands of daily crimes get out of the gutter . 
  but that needs a state to `` interfere '' with their lives , and that 's an abomination in the eyes of george washington . 
  your comparison is invalid because a ) alcohol has a very broad appeal to all social classes and sexes . 
  so alcohol black market could exist to give a housewife her gin , but i doubt she would need a black market for a rifle . 
  and b ), 
  producing , moving and distributing alcohol is infinitely easier than guns . 
  you can make them in a barn . 
  guns need way more to be made . 
  what others fail to acknowledge is that gun ownership is a huge collectors hobby in america . 
  so a lot of owners are actually `` nerds '' that like to play with their `` toys '' like any other hobbyists ( comic books , cars , books etc ) who collect something , they are really pissed when someone tries to take it away , especially when they feel it is caused by media overblowing stuff ( witch they do ) . 
  all that stuff about the constitution are excuses to give some legality . 
   ** or ** you know , helping desperate ... 
  i would like to add that paladins are also derivatives of the knights of romantic tales ( the ones that save the princesses from dragons ) and the * real life * orders like the templars who vowed to protect the weak at all times and they pretty much enforsed the law for the pilgrims heading to jerusalem . 
  sounds familiar ? 
  no i am not in america , and i can assure you this is the third country i live in not to be close to a weapon . 
  because most petty crime is `` safe '' since small criminals are not afraid to get shot so they do n't have guns themselves.and crime rates are low because of social welfare . 
  those that are armed are the organized crime , and they usually shoot each other . 
  for that we have pros to deal with it called the police , men and women trained to handle those situations . 
  just come out and say it.safety is no reason , since any almost other country has stricter gun laws yet the same crime . 
  its not about the government , since an apache will make short work of a lot of rebels with rifles , and 50 % of the country will support its government a anyhow . 
  its about loosing your toys.that not bad . 
  you are just gun collectors , gun `` nerds '' as others are with cars books football etc. 
  yay for public shaming !, 
  usa as usually goes guns blazing creating more chaos . 
  after a few years and some dead or traumatized army soldiers they lose hope this is going to be like the movies and pull back leaving shit even worse than it was with civil wars raging . 
  am i talking about the greek civil war , korea , vietnam , iraq or afghanistan ? 
   i would n't go so far as to say there is a solid correlation between gun ownership and crime rates decreasing but i will say that if you or someone you know uses a fire arm and defends themselves that 's all the justification i need to advocate their possession . 
  well there is the crux of the problem and why here over the pond we feel we cant understand you . 
  we have do n't found ourselves in situations where a gun would make things better . 
  oh we have crimes , but the situation is done either too fast or too dangerous for a civilian to handle it other than duck and cover . 
  we have bank heists with ak 47 , and 90 % of the time there are no victims unless someone tries to play hero.i dread to imagine what would happen if a the bank turned to a saloon . 
  and i am arguing there are still farmers with ak 47 and rpgs because the us went in without a long term plan , and alienated almost everyone in the area including whole countries and organizations that secretly supported those farmers . . or do you think the insurgents have heat warhead factories in the caves ? 
  and when things did n't magically worked out , they pulled out leaving the region in shambles .
