  such is life ( and death . . ), 
  for real . 
  a six year game is definitely not abandonware . 
  this a vengeful ex , sure as sure . 
  it really shows how sometimes thing can get more or less prestigious as time passes . 
  one good example is electricity vs candles . 
  at first , the majority of the houses where lit by candles . 
  when electricity was first implemented , it was very , very costly , so only the wealthiest had it . 
  those people stopped using candles since it was something that it was also used by the lesser classes . 
  as electricity became a norm , and candles became rarer , the trend was reversed since you could afford to use a disposable light source as candles ( among other reasons like nostalgia ) hence now we have really formal candle lit dinners ! . 
  another example is sun tanning . 
  before tourism became a norm , tanned skin was considered a lesser class indicator , since people where tanned usually worked in the fields . 
  milk white skin meant you where upper class and worked indoors ( or at all if they where nobles ! ) . 
  this why upper class ladies used [ parasols ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/c7/07/28/c707286f09a219f8f6217e9270eed883.jpg ) and bonnets , it was to protected them from that dreary sun . . 
  as the first ( really expensive ) vacations became available and the majority of the population moved and worked in the cities , usually on offices or factories , again the trend was reversed . 
  sun tanning became fashionable ( and still is ) since it was a clear sign you had the time , and the disposable income , to go on vacations , usually abroad . 
  not a mason but if you want better answers you could contact your local lodge . 
  they will be happy to inform you , up to a certain point of course . 
  your brain has a set memory limit . 
  eventually you will either forget your younger years or not remember the most recent ... 
  nitpicking . 
  calm your horses . 
  i have read the same descriptions for almost every single capital in the world concerning pickpocketing and muggings . 
  its like a copy paste . 
  just read the safety guides for london , berlin or brussels . 
  i think a brand new flapper vs a used flapper will be easy to discern . 
  i auto-corrected without checking . 
  its glorious . 
  see ? 
  the difference is obvious with the naked eye !, 
  salt water does n't corrode steel , ehm , aluminium flaperons . 
  the road to darkness starts with the best intentions . . 
  the car is supposed to self drive to your garage inside your property . 
  so you get out in front of your door , while the car parks itself in the garage and starts charging with the help of tentacle-bot . 
  next morning it waits you back in the front door fully charged . 
  the problem is that requires a `` forced '' redistribution of wealth . 
  widespread automation means the number of people getting the rewards of ( now automated ) labor is smaller and smaller . 
  imagine if google , general motors or other industrial juggernauts could sustain and expand themselves with only 100 administrative personnel needed world-wide . 
  it can turn into a distopia as much as an utopia . 
  yup, 
  umm i am being a pessimist , but being overly optimistic is also very dangerous . 
  the you are forgetting that while labor will be easy , most resources will always be scarce . 
  fuel and raw materials are and will be required for that custom build car !, 
  astronomers and doctors swill not be needed anymore , its not something you can choose to do because , you will be irrelevant compared to machines . 
  yes we might reach a point that things will be as you say , but as you admitted , that will probably take a lot of time to reach . 
  and during those decades or centuries a collapse , or a `` dark age '' , could still happen , particularly as technology will advance faster and faster than our social structures . 
  we are already hitting bottlenecks with legislation ( and public understanding ) considering digital rights , freedom of information , digital privacy etc. 
  and the second wave of 3d printing , personal cameras , cheap drones , cheap robotics is already coming , while globalization is getting greater and greater . 
  even a poor african immigrant can reach europe in a matter of days or weeks trying to find a better life while an american corporation can easily expand to the four points of the planet and interfere with the locals unchecked . 
  we have n't seen anything like this since the industrial revolution , and the sociopolitical pressures that existed then led to totalitarian regimes , societal upheaval and exploitation of whole countries in an unprecedented scale and two world wars . 
  the road to paradise is littered with mines . 
  the lack of resources can even be ` imaginary ' . 
  humans always valued `` rare '' items as prestigious , something to sought after . 
  famous paintings , gold , diamonds etc are fine examples of that . 
  some item or commodity that will not be able to mass produced ( maybe something only naturally produced like [ caviar ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/caviar ) perhaps ? ), 
  could become the next reason for war . 
  the thing is our evolution is already lagging behind the technological advances . 
  the rising of obesity for example is linked with the surplus of food available due to the technological advances that allowed the production and transport of vast quantities of food . 
  a nascent neo-nationalism world-wide * could * be our `` tribal '' brains defending against the perceived threat of the ` others ' because we are getting closer and closer due to globalization by the hour . 
  maybe the two world wars were the ` true ' singularity , where we able to achieve such global destruction with the help of technology that we will never do that again and we will struggle , but keep it together . 
  maybe not , and our primal instincts will force us to use our weapons to destroy the planet . 
  who knows . 
  her wikipedia article repeats the claims for the psycological abuse , the teeth caps , the overworking and the use of drugs from various sourses almost verbatim . 
  however there is no mention of sexual abuse . 
  it also says that mickey rooney denied any drug use by mgm . 
  while the burden of proof is on those who made the claims , the time getting her page would be shorter that writing a contrarian message just for the shake of it . 
  the front page of reddit as in the entire website . 
  this is like getting interviewed during prime time from cnn of the internet world . 
  your story will be read by ( hundreds of ? 
  ) thousands of people . 
  for the sake of our sanity as users , if you ever get a conclusion/information you are allowed to share , please do a follow-up post . 
  play the first , first . 
  you are missing out on all those call back and story nods !, 
  as a new player a couple of questions :, 
  1 ) will this break your save ? 
  2 ) how will orbits be calculated ? 
  i am using * only * the official version . 
  i just want to make it clear , is it common for the updates to break the saves ? 
  as other early access games ( kerbal , minecraft etc ) , they tend to require a restart ( a new world ) to get all the new toys . 
  i am guessing as se is infinite , you can move a bit until the engine starts regenerating the planets ? 
  great answers here , i just wanted to point out that it also a [ genetic fallacy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/genetic_fallacy ) in the works . 
  the jew conspiracy is so old and brought up throughout the ages ( for various reasons ) so many times that the modern conspiratards can claim very old sources ( like the protocols ) to fall back to for their own claims ( look this is a book about how jews were evil from the * 16th * century , they must knew something ) , essentially creating a conspiracy `` expanded fanfiction '' where every conspiratard sources the other , with the protocols at the core as one of the most well documented and * old * sources . 
  first time player , i found a complete cruiser 5 hours in . 
  it can happen . 
  shit i was afraid that was possible . 
  i was looking at the hud the npc vessels getting closer sometime and was anxious , but i thought to myself `` oh the devs will never program the npc ships to come too close to the asteroids , right?right ? '', 
  get out with your dx11 glow . 
  dx9 dirt poor peasant here : /, 
  just friently bantering ... and a bit of bitterness how the spotlights are * so shiny * with dx11 while in dx9 you cant see jack shit . 
  the russians in rl built the [ trans-siberian railway ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trans-siberian_railway ) specifically for this . 
  during ww1 + ww2 they used it to move extensive amounts of materials and personnel from one side to the other . 
  unless they do so with a brisk pace in 1850 with 0 railways , its not that crazy in the paradox ahistorical scale . 
  yeah i am guessing it could be annoying after a while . 
  but i would prefer this than trying to contrast nickel versus iron inside the darkness of a hollowed asteroid with that shitty grainy camera * and * those shitty spotlights ... 
  i think they already are ? 
  windows being used by so many people is why microsoft gets the big licenses . 
  people are familiar with the user interface since they are young , along with the bundled programs and the whole brand name . 
  the huge market also means a shitload of combatible third party programs from games to industrial apps . 
  these are the reasons they allowed microsoft to get those luxurious content licence deals . 
  they might not making the big bucks out of us , by they definetely needs us , hence the windows 10 promo to ensure they stay the os of the common man .
