  after 1 it will be easier to get into the bigger more complex world of 2 . 
  consoles game will have native controller support and while most games are multiplatform designed these days . 
  games that dont are normally pc only that you wouldnt play in condoles anyways like the mmos you described . 
  you can buy a decent keyboard with 20 $ , even a remote one and keep it for years so i dont see where cost comes in mind . 
  the price of windows are calculated in the price sooo . . 
  friends : `` calendars are arbiratry human constracts , so its irrelevant . 
  and you are simply an annoying buzzkill '', 
  pc exclusives are a weak point for consoles , not the other way around in this argument , particularly when they number in the dozens . 
  and ui scaling issues and game pad are not a rule . 
  you other arguments about where to place a 30cm keyboard or the 2 minutes of extra boot up are just weak i am sorry . 
  and you know you can tutn on a pc from the keyboard and set up steam to autostart up in bigscreen , right ? 
  the only plus consoles have are the immidiate ( and definetely not longterm ) cost benefit and the ease of access for certain groups like children . 
  so your whole argument about the whole industry is tgat someone is bothered to walk and press a button ? 
  another question . 
  i have about 100 games in steam , leys say 2000 $ . 
  and i have the same in ps3 . 
  what happens to then when i upgrade into ps4 vs upgrading unto a better pc ? . 
  even consoles that keep compatibility , its on the whims of the company , while in the pc i can play a game from 1998 . 
  so you have issues that you need to move your keyboard from your desk to you sofa , but in the case of you needing to play an older game you have to either kerp another console in your livng room ( that has no space for a keyboard mind you ) or take it out of storage , plug all its cables , make sure it is still operational , pray there is no new os and/or game update that requires 2 hours of install and finally play ? 
  piece of cake !, 
  as for if steams goes bankrupt , i ( might ) lose the games but not those that i own in different companies or that i have keys/discs and of course i can keep buying new ones . 
  on the other hand if sony , a single company , closes/stops supporting your console , conrgrats , you have a nice black plastic brick in your living room . 
  maybe you can use it to store your keyboard ? 
  you really stop replying . 
  i think the entire space center would evaporate even in normal use ... 
  u/bratimm calculated that it would be the equivalent of 9.6 mt. 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_d9c9kqdmis ) is the explosion of ivy mike , the first h bomb of 10 mt. 
  one of the largest no-nuclear explosions in history , the halifax disaster , was only 2,9 * kilo * tons !, 
  as others said , beware !, 
  never send any kinds of money before you see the apartment !!, 
  a very common is that the owner is not in the country but need to rent it immediately , but they require a small advance to either send you the keys or for them to do the trip supposedly . 
  never send money unless you have seen the place . 
  also its not * a * volcano planet , afaik its the exact same spot padme died ( or so he thinks ) and he got defeated by obi-wan . . 
  well jokes on them , the guy actually [ managed ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=om3smr2oiiy ) it !, 
  might not be the big olympics , but holy fuck !, 
  getting your tabletop game being adopted in an official completion is a win in my opinion . 
  as a greek , i can vouch for those name , appropriate both for the time and place !, 
  however constantinos was also a very common imperial name , and with a lot of history behind it that would have been chose to validate the continuation of the empire from constantine the great . 
  andreas is another that could be used !, 
   on the hunt for barbies daughter, 
  yeaaah now i am glad i stopped watching after the third episode . . 
  just make the dome vanish with no explanation . 
  suddently the town is back into 21st century america , abd they have to deal with their actions . . 
  those or similar things happen in the book . 
  there is only a handfull of survivors . 
  yep . 
  or give small hints at the epilogue , but only from the readers percpective a la lovecraft . 
  i have no idea what you are talking about . 
  that my friend is the `` we have spent all the seasons bugdet in the first couple of episodes to hook people up , and now we cant film anything more exciting '' superpower that a lot of tv series have but heroes reigned supreme ( remember the `` epic '' battle that was some light through a keyhole ? 
  ) , with second contenter the walking dead . 
  and i still have no idea what you are talking about !, 
  its not two dudes in their basement , so yeah . . 
  in the game a character calls john a '' romantic at heart trying to be a cynic '' . 
  having bonnie save him , a complete stranger , and wasting much needed cash while afterwards he spents some time in their ranch meeting rough but decent people all around that get terrorised by his old buddy might had ignited his sense of justice for the `` little guy '' . 
  he needs to take his old gang out because they have become what he despises , and he was part of it so * he * really needs to end it . 
  but then everything starts breaking him back down , first in mexico with its despicable leaders and then blackwater with the political corruption , exploitation of the native americans , how dutch ended up etc. 
  i mean two of the most decent people he meets after new austin , luisa and nastas are exploited and then get killed with almost noone caring . 
  so here comes the barn . . 
  ofcourse not !, 
  if you are refering the 1983 crash , the company was aquired by another , mostly liquidated and/or absorbed and then the name got resold around until finally was acuired by one ( i think accolade ? ), 
  that decided to changed its brand into it for its history . 
  on holidays and ( some?all ? ), 
  weekends you get almost half the price . 
  bruxelles-brugge there and back 10 euros for a full ticket second class . 
  not that much the francophone community . 
  yep , unless you are either on special dates as i said or special passenger categories ( young or old ) those are the tickets.however i would be surprised if your job doesnt cover your costs if you move for work reasons . 
  so take the full hit if disengaging from the euro but still keep the econonies linked ... why ?!, 
  when did trolling , insanity and doublespeak became so succesfull in politics ? 
  i am not a great fan of euro , but one of the biggest european economies and eu supporters leaving the currency ? 
  cushioning that would be like wearing a helmet next to a nuclear explosion . 
  the end of the eu?countries left to fend fir themselves in both political and finabcial arenas , ready ro get gobbled up by multinationals ? 
  euroscpetism is on the rise . 
  true , on paper eurozone and the european union are two different things . 
  however we cant ignore that they where supposed to be one and the same , a further integration of the community into a more centralized model , with the vision of the rest of the eu countries slowly getting in ( '' all member states of the european union , except denmark and the united kingdom which negotiated opt-outs from the provisions , are obliged to adopt the euro as their sole currency once they meet the criteria , '' ) . 
  it has already stalled , and if it starts disintegrating it will effect the eu as well , at * least * in political terms . 
  i totally agree in all those points , however thats because its a half baked project , with major decisions still tied up in local elections . 
  take the eurogroup and greece for example , the finance ministers have no problem to wreck greece because they wont lose votes in their countries , especially since they managed to stall enough with the first memorandums to create safeguards . 
  or so they thought , because they only focused on the financial aspect , not the political , with `` euro '' becoming a poisoned term . 
  becoming even less centralised will magnify these problems . 
  i think travelling itself would be outlawed akin to serfs . 
  remember , there is no goverment to intervene for conteacts that break basic rights . 
  at least self contained industrial towns will be the norm , like in the gilded age , when your housing , food , security was owned by the company you worked for . 
  local politicians will be easier to corrupt and silence versus bigger countries or multinationals . 
  google for example had it nose bloodied a couple of times vs the eu ( not enough though ) , what would happen if it went against small countries ? 
  they already using the hald baked situation to skirt around regulations in ireland and luxemburg . 
  you do realize that what junker did in luxembourg just proves my point right ? 
  that is not going to stop if eu just goes away , as matter in fact will become worse . 
  and your ceo group will have nothing to research because there wont be a central area where they can keep an eye out for , but at least 27 weak centers of power , while trade and markets would be still free between individual nations ( or do you thing globalization will simply stop and borders will be built again if the eu dissolves ? ) . 
  what we have now is bad , but killing it will make matter worse . 
  we need ot improve and wrestle it out of the hands of neo-liberals . 
  the shitty cherry on top a huge pile of shit is that he wrote beta incorrect . 
  in greek it would either be '' \u03b2\u03b7\u03c4\u03b1 '' , the legit word for beta ( or b / \u03b2 , the letter ) pronounced vita or if he wanted a greek transliteration , '' \u03bc\u03c0\u03b5\u03c4\u03b1 '' . 
  people are forgetting that one employee posirion * per flight * , meaning hundrends of positions pee day , and you need to have backup for days off , sickness etc plus training , coverage for health , food and lodgings etc. 
  it scales to a decent amount !, 
  '' * i * dont remember owing a droid '' . 
  because he didnt , it was anakin 's and he is pulling r2s leg . 
  in reality , it would take about 20 minutes maximum for the us icbms to reach any place in earth i think . 
  but the same amount of time would take for the russian , chinese , french , british , indian , pakistani birds to go the other way ... 
  i am paying 50 $ for 70 + mps unlimited gb per month in europe . 
  with 20 bucks more i could have tv with most european channels ( and there are providers wthat combine both for 50 ) .
