  for orthodox christianity , easter is the most essential day of the year , where * jesus defeated death * . 
  can you see now how it could be used for conservative propaganda against the ( usually anti-religious ) communists ? . 
  that door haz been open for years now . 
  tge old republic logo , manaan species , korriban , hammerheads have already appeared in the new canon . 
   moraband, 
  [ it has been noted that moraband is a `` modern '' or alternate name of korriban . 
  ] ( http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/moraband ), 
  la plus extraordinaire ville du monde !, 
   he only stopped when he saw he was becoming vader and palpy was giggling . 
  that was exactly the point . 
  luke raging was the same as taking his weapons with him in the cave , or taking of to cloud city . 
  or if he used the targeting computer during the first death star run . 
  he should be calm . 
  you should look at the [ 7 ] link , and the official clone wars site . 
  click the photos and read the descriptions . 
  only its not the same because it directly gives an in universe reason . 
  and its a trivia , not a cut content page . 
  `` the episode guide 's trivia gallery clarified the issue , stating that korriban has had multiple names throughout its history , suggesting that both names are equally as valid . '', 
  did you just posted the same web page you consider not canon , to prove your canon ? 
  well this was ... bad . 
  more like 1 minute in an airplane and 40sec of random stuff somewhere in brussels . 
  no problem !, 
  it also seems like they took direct inspiration from the traditional wall painting that all orthodox churches ( at least in greece ) have with christ standing on the [ broken gates of hades ] ( http://www.kontranews.gr/sites/default/files/field/image/anastasi.jpg ) after his resurrection . 
  compare also the broken locks under jesus and the girls chains ( the motherland/russia i presume ) in the poster . 
  i thought you where a troll . 
  you arent . 
  sad . 
  pretty much . 
  and it became even more greek after the fall of the western half , with medieval greek becoming the official language eventually . 
  but politically it was still a continueation of the empire . 
  the guy is missing his own point , the automation has already happenned , but we keep the unemploypment low by not implementing it because the price ( * wages * ) for human workforce is falling to keep up . 
  outsourcing and globalisation are * also * part of automation since trading knowedge and vast amounts of raw and manufactured materials are becoming easier by the minute . 
  at what point that will crash the capitalist economies since people will not be able to afford the products ? 
  that actually makes sense . 
  plus not all bad things happened there , like meeting quin gon and padme , winning the pod race etc. 
  you shpuld definetely try buffy the vampire slayer . 
  trollhunters have a * lot * of similarities . 
  highscool student with a single mom in a small town discovers she is the chosen one with abilities to figh against dark creatures that exist without the rest of the world knowing it while balancing her everyday life and kerping her secret . 
  she forms a team from her schoolmates to help her while taking advice and training from a bbokish mentor . 
  first season might be a bit weak , but from second one it really picks up momentum . 
   however , the idea of such evil and disgusting creatures going to the undying lands made no sense , so tolkien had to scrap the idea . 
  elves did some pretty evil and disgusting things themselves though yet they still go to aman . 
  a ( head cannon ) possibility that could amend tolkies rules is that orcs are not really * living * things with souls but facsimiles of elves and humans made by maelkor , maybe from animals or the creatures bellow earth . 
  hence the evilness and lack of higher intelligence . 
  what the hell where they thinking ? 
  the first time i saw them i had to stop 2-3 seconds on the stairs trying to process what i am seeing . 
  the technology is there for many years now . 
  the issue is that a normal bus if it gets a mechanical problem it can immediately stop on the road . 
  a flying bus on the otehr hand is literally a flying bomb . 
  for 12 in catholic school , its suprising how little you know about how it works . 
  yes . 
  well the orrgodox church at least has an ( internal ) logic to call them that based on creed differences ( and ofcourse , politics ! ), 
  to call them strayed . 
  ehh it was free publicity . 
  i would some free publicity for the game right now . 
  the `` dnd is evil ! '', 
  scare of the 80s was free advertising, 
  i dont think those where problems stemming from the dnd scare per se . . 
  what going to hell requires . 
  hint : you not having a pulse . 
  i think those places and schools sucked anyways . 
  or did they behaved like that only for that period of time and subject ? 
  i have a sneaking suspition the guy haven never set his foot in belgium . 
  interessting . 
  it never happened ro me . 
  the most annoying is when they switch ti english immidietely , especially near the eu places that get a lot of functionaires . 
  i simply keep going . 
  a fool with an anti-tank is still a fool . 
  doublethink . 
  spoilers !, 
  he shield friends did multiple open * brain * surgeries while he was conscious , amongst other shit . 
  he was begging them let him die . 
  that was all before the allies used the chronosphere . . 
  vive la republique !, 
  * je n'apprends pas juste la langue francais . . *, 
  or you could use an analogy of simply getting hit with a ball while in space versus getting hit by a ball , catching it , and throwing it back again . . 
  a bit of elitism there bud . 
  your job does not and should not be tied with your world knowledge in the modern world . 
  and i say that also as even more damning for her . 
  if you reach into a hole underwater or really , * anywhere * in nature you deserve to get your fingers chomped . 
  the only thing against nazi propaganda is that it can swamp all the others due to seer numbers . 
  but i would definetely care about the poster unless he tried to push stuff in the description/comments . 
  eehhhh when i send a letter back to greece , bbost send it normaly . 
  but it wasnt delivered for a * month * because the only postman for an entire central neighborhood of athens was in summer vacations . 
  also about 9 fellbeast with ringwreaths . 
  that horse is so dead it has vip access to the halls of mandos . 
  being of modest means isnt an excuse that you should be uninformed and uneducated . 
  there is a huge difference between cant go `` because i cant afford it '' and `` wont go because i believe in bullshit ' . 
  particularly when that influences your vote . 
  and if we speak about strawmen , for some reason , you greated an entire backstory and how she thinks just by her job title . 
  english doest have formal plural but for example saying `` would you please do ? '', 
  os different than saying `` can you do ? '' . 
  in french the first would probably be in formal plural . 
  hilariously , in brussels the metro pa system cant get their english correct . 
  instead of `` please disembark the train '' or similar when reaching the terminal it says `` please * get off * the train '' . 
  i like to imagine the girl has enough with those pesky passengers . 
  it could create promblem if he switched to `` vous '' now though wouldnt it ? 
  as a collector hobby , its not terribly expensive . 
  plus you can actually use them for hunting or going to the range . 
  its the one thing i understand about the proliferation of guns in america .
