  the thing is , steam is one store out of many so you cant claim it changed the pc because it is a free open market . 
  i am already switching to gog for example for dmr free , quality games . 
  hilariously , console mentality is all the shitty aspects of pc , but * only * those . 
  big publishers dominate with very few alternatives , no mods , first day dlc in almost of all games , region locks , bugs , huge patches to install before the game , need to hardware upgrade because games require more gbs , game titles that cost 60 $ four years later becasue no competition etc etc. 
  i bought 3 games for the ps3 totaling about 120 $ . 
  with the same amount i bought 10 aaa in steam and gog . 
  these 3 games ? 
  useless in the ps4 . 
  i cant even imagine if i was one of those guys that have 20 + ps games become obsolete just because . 
  it should be illegal . 
  enjoy being the sucker . 
  early acess includes minecraft , kerbal space program , star citizen , wasteland 2 , prison architect ... 
  shovelware existed since the 80 's . 
  at least in the pc they come from indies for 5 $ not from ubisoft for 60 $ ... 
  wait , you mean sales that you get by paying with a monthly subscription , or the ones that never go more than -30 % ? 
  and what about bundles ? 
  i bought the other day all the dungeons and dragons games for 5 $ ... 
  buyers remorse is keeping you down . 
  i did n't hate him which means ... what exactly ? 
  `` welcome to earf '', 
  and the client has just digested the same poison as stathams character from cranked . . 
  cranked 3 here we come !, 
  how would you know ? 
   in the third round , she drowns . 
  pretty straightforward . 
  barely . 
  tell him the greeks opened new mountain resorts in epeirus for them . . 
  said the us that build a gargantuan wall to keep out poor mexican peasants, 
  ... right, 
   without transparency and traceability, 
  thats fear of the unknown and the unpredictable buddy . 
  because why trace them if you are not worried they might do something bad ? 
  you know , i think as more armed someone is then more afraid you are . 
  i mean what chances are for isis to actually infiltrate and create a guerrilla war in texas ? ... 
  yet there you are , armed to the teeth 5000 km away . 
   with respect to the u.s.-mexico border , human trafficking , slave-labor , and the sex trade are quite ** concerning **, 
  anxiety ; worry . 
  synonyms : * anxiety , worry , disquiet , disquietude , apprehension , apprehensiveness , unease , uneasiness , perturbation , consternation , distress , agitation . 
  fear . 
   but on the other hand , one should consider what would have happened if the jews of wwii if they had access to 300 million firearms to defend themselves against the psychotic nazis, 
  us government will , overnight , unnoticed , turn to hitler , and the texans are going to resist against the rest of the us . 
  or * someone * ( who ? ), 
  is going to pillage houston and rape the texan girls . 
  fear of absurd proportions . 
  as i think about it more , the us are scared shitless since day one . 
  they are one of the western nations who have seen the * least * war and destruction on their soil yet they are afraid of everyone . 
  first it was the british . 
  then europeans in general , so much that they officially distanced themselves from the rest of the world . 
  then it was the black slaves out to rape their daughters , and later the germans , so much that the us presidents had to wait until they where literally bombed to get in to the war . 
  but now the reds are out to get them !, 
  they are the nation with the least problems by communists , no civil wars , no terrorist attacks , no high profile murders , yet even now the word is anathema . 
  and since 2001 of course , everything eastern is the new monster . 
  damn , you are always afraid . 
  you are a nation of overcompensating mice , using your bravado as a child 's blanket to cover your tears as you stroke your toy guns hoping the big bad ... something will keep away . 
  you whole rant is a proof of this !, 
  you are afraid of fantasies and what-ifs !, 
  the eurasian nations my boy are not woosies against their enemies , because simply there are no enemies worth to mention . 
  there have been numerous attacks since 11/9 , yet we did not sell our freedom , privacy and most of all , our rationality for security . 
  we realize they are simply criminal gangs with notion of grandeur , nothing more . 
  nothing extraordinary by far . 
  we had the anarchists , the red brigades , the ira , and the 17n before them . 
  thank you very much for your mind opening discussion . 
  it explains a lot about the gun culture , science hating and xeno * phobia * of the us . 
  truly thank you . 
  well with true autonomous robots so few so far , and considering the costs to build one so they rigorously tested , the subreddit would consist of 10-20 posts at best if we go very strict . 
  fun fact :, 
  a lot of inexperienced soldiers of the era when they loaded their muzzle loading weapons they forgot to remove their [ ramrods ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ramrod ) resulting in their first shot being dangerous not only from the bullet , but also unintentional impaling of the enemy . 
  with their side effect that it turned their weapon useless , since they could not reload again . 
  historical derp . 
  it was the hostel genre of its time . 
  or the aristocrats . 
  not many people outside the us know former gen. petreus . 
  especially a farmer from peru . 
  jacking up the difficulty for fun and profit is a legit way to play . 
  having the person that is the referee , the judge and goalkeeper in one be an adversary is so obviously stupid i ca n't even imagine how it is even discussed . 
  sheldon ? 
  [ linerider ] ( http://www.linerider1.net/ ) . 
  a game simple , yet more time consuming than you would except . 
  ouch ... 
  come for the napoleon lookalike , stay for the accidental acupuncture . 
   like how water spins the wrong way unless you 're at the equator . 
  this is false and an urban myth . 
  a puddle of water is way too [ minuscule to be effected by the coriolis effect . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coriolis_effect#draining_in_bathtubs_and_toilets ), 
  are you ops instructor ? 
  you offer personal opinions without any backing up . 
  your alamo , that you so much praise , is a drop in the oceans of warfare we have experienced in europe . 
  xenophobia and fear is apparent even by your own admition ,, 
   intentionally and proactively seek to address issues before they can arise on their own soil . 
  aka lets bomb those people , because we are concerned ( read : fear ) even if they did n't actually do something to us and the chances of actually happening is astronomical . 
  for further proof remember the red scare , the intentional subversion of democratically elected governments around the world because of the domino theory , the monroe doctrine ... 
   truth , the americans have had to deal with just as much . 
  you have yet to taste the bloodshed and distraction europeans had unleashed upon each other and upon others for more centuries than you exist . 
  you are an immature nation , and it shows from your foreign policy as i presented . 
   but really ... run your life better/more sensibly, 
  because of this . 
  if a kid is so bored he needs to take a break , what is so inherently bad about it ? 
  yes and i had abysmal grades because i was so mindbogglingly bored . 
  the worst time in my life . 
  when i went to the university due to actually expecting me to be a living being instead of a video cassette permanently on [ rec ] made me a better student .
