  [ -- ] nixons_back 1 point 3 minutes ago ( 1 | 0 ), 
  calm down donald sterling, 
  permalinksaveparentreportgive goldreply, 
  [ -- ] testreker 3 points 15 minutes ago ( 3 | 0 ), 
  no , nicki minaj is just made fun of and hated for her . . idk . . fashion ? 
  why t, 
  and was called ( and still is ) helios from us , the greeks.but since we use the english language , we will use the english name . 
  * we * , the two people discussing , are using the english language.you can call it sun , sol , apollo or donkey kong if you like , but the de facto proper name in english is sun . 
  your description is appropriate for any group of people that share the same ideology . 
  others are more life disrupting than some , but you can use that description for anything , religions , political parties and whole nations , to sports teams and sunday chess clubs . 
  i think it is ingrained on the human psyche to do this , and it is not something that it is created from the top ( the cult leaders or politicians for example ) but from the base , people needing a purpose and a `` tribe '' to belong to , coupled with an unquestionable `` truth '' that only they know to feel superior versus the other `` tribes '' - groups . 
  it is only a matter of time for an ambitious man to exploit this . 
  i remember a redditor trying deliberately crashing head on a debris coming in the opposite direction . 
  he had a lot of failed tries until he created a long enough spacecraft for the game engine to actually calculate the collision in so fast speed , since by the time the two crafts actually appeared in screen they have passed each other.when he managed it the collision actually happened right in the middle of his active ship . 
  the easiest is to give your heir all titles , console switch to him and kill your previous one to inherit the rest . 
  i have no idea what words to use to search for it . 
  it was front page material a couple of months ago . 
  how not to clean your hair in space.i imagine this gif is from a demonstration how it is impossible to have a proper shower in space.also dangerous for the electric components everywhere . 
  edit : i was wrong : [ source ] ( http://www.space.com/21946-how-to-wash-hair-space-video.html ), 
  why i am getting frustrated with got . 
  i know it is a dark , gritty and `` realistic '' take on a fantasy world , but i think it goes overboard some times.good people are not always dumb or less cunning . 
  ... and nobody thought of that ... 
  it is also counterproductive.it supposedly about changing the status quo of the good guy wins . 
  they try to stop us from saying `` oh its the hero-protagonist in danger , but i am sure he will survive '' . 
  however in got i have the exact opposite reaction `` oh a decent guy has a chance , i am sure they will lose anyways '' . 
  i knew the duel will end like this.it was still socking due to perfect directing ( they gave you a hope spot for a moment ) , yet in the end it was not surprising at all . 
  and i see martin painting himself in the corner for the ending . 
  either the bad people will win , but deep down no viewer/reader wants that , or somehow after 6-7 seasons the good guys will somehow miraculously pull it off and save the day . 
  or the white walker will force everyone to cooperate ( moral of the whole series : dont lose your time looking for your own self improvement against the whole ) and that 's it . 
  yes !, 
  there is something called a playlist you know.even ck2 with 10 music downloads gets stale after 500 + hours.bonus if you find era appropiate music.easy for vic 2 ( french waltz!prussian marching band ! ) . 
  i would like to see you playing ck2 with [ gregorian chant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ye-has7nure ) in the background ( hardcore mode unlocked ) . 
  the is only one key for all dlc . 
   civ beyond earth, 
  do n't get you hopes up.so far it looks like civ with different units.that means if you have are waiting because you have played alpha century . 
  mind you , i have read that it has been 3 in-story years since . 
  winter sure is taking his sweet time . 
  you can kill everyone except the overseer thu. 
  yes in the edn , but not if you go back to the vault during normal gameplay to massacre everyone as op asked . 
  and you know what is fitting for that bastard?to let him live after exiling you.he will still follow the directive of vault tec and stay inside all alone , and he will live the rest of his days inside the deserted vault , with only companions the sounds of the whirling machines and the echoes of empty halls.echoes of a long gone us of a. 
  for me fallout stopped at 1 . 
  turkish norsemen axes ? 
  some tvs should still work , especially since they seem to be using crt ( cathode ray tube ) tech not digital systems , so emp from nuclear blasts should n't fry them so easily . 
  if someone would try to restore power to the general area , power could get to some lone screen somewhere , and maybe at the same time a local tv station could also get enough electricity to broadcast a brief prerecorded message already set to play , like for example an ad for the new mister handy robots ( they walk your dog ! ), 
  or the new chryslus converga ( for only $ 199,999 !!! ) . 
  i have heard rumors about some weird big green uglies down to necropolis are tinkering with old technology , so maybe it has something to do with it ? 
  while you are correct that in fiction that would be better , since they are based on real life social bugs ( ants , bees etc ) most of these do have a `` leader '' of a short in reality.other times it is simply a glorified breeding machine , others it is almost a true leader . 
  in a narrative it makes it also easier to create drama when you can create dialogue between the hero and a villain . not better necessarily , easier . 
   but paradox would rather sell us more portraits , songs and dlc 's . 
  it has been said numerous times : coding and graphics are two different departments . 
   of which add more bugs making any serious ironman attempt impossible . 
  portraits and music are creating bugs?how is that possible ? 
  i think playable theocracies + unlanded characters are not mutually exclusive . 
  both are based on core elements that your playable character will have to be unlanded ( before he gets elected/chosen for a theocracy , or before he gets land as an adventurer ) . 
  but the time to create a boatload of events/decisions to make the gameplay interesting will take a lot of time . 
  if paradox makes the code able to handle one ( something difficult ) , the other is feasible . 
   the fetus is a parasitic being , and is essentially feeding on the pregnant woman . 
  although the fetus is not blameworthy for it 's actions , it is still morally responsible for the harms it is inflicting . 
  morally responcible ?!, 
  please explain . 
  so we can kill everyone that has a cold and comes to our house because they are, 
   making you ill , keeping you from your job , and endangering your life ? 
  the primary code simply ca n't handle landless characters . 
  courtiers are an exception , but they have severally limited interactions in the code background . 
  even characters that are supposedly landless , like patricians or invading npc adventurers , do have a title , `` house of ... '' for patricians , '' ... 's host '' for adventurers . 
  the game is simply built that way . 
  other main issues that others have pointed out to me , since i am an advocate of landless characters , are that the game would be pretty boring just waiting for a claim ( this could be fixed with a lot lot more events/decisions ) and that if you give some kind of titles to pc unlanded characters , you will have to limit it somehow because if it is alowed to npc unlanded , they will hog too much the computer . 
  deaths by common cold and influenza : [ 36,000 deaths per year in the united states . 
  ] ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17397266 ), 
  deaths by pregnacy : [ 650 women die each year in the united states ] ( http://www.cdc.gov/reproductivehealth/maternalinfanthealth/pregnancy-relatedmortality.htm ), 
  are they iron man breaking graphical bugs ? 
  plus good luck stopping a navy ship in time . 
   both were seen and retrieved . 
  by a ship or a helicopter ? 
  precisely . 
  how many distance would a frigate or even worse the carrier itself would drift even if all engines stopped imminently after the persn went overboard ? 
  yeah but i was arguing about getting saved by a navy ship , not a navy helicopter.what if you went overboard a ship with no aerial capabilities ? 
   an impending harm, 
  you are replying like the fetus has an option or a choice so it should be held accountable . 
  it is not . 
  self defense counts only if the `` aggressor '' is deliberately tying to harm you ( hence why you are not shooting the drivers in the car ) . 
  if i accidentally fall of a building and kill someone on the road below , i will not be accountable for murder since it was not my intention . 
  a fetus , if it is considered a person since conception , has no choice available to endanger the mother . 
  and what happens with conjoined twins ? 
  can one claim the other as a parasitic aggressor and kill him in self defense ? 
  also you seem to confuse morally with legally . 
  the suffering is not coming from the baby , it is coming from the rapist . 
  if i hit you in the face you would n't sue your neurons for creating you emotional stress and pain . 
  you are ignoring that the margin is so huge it does n't matter . 
  the pope only had power in rl because the kings believed he was holy . 
  what do you thing a player controlled hre , france and england will do if you excommunicate them with only rome under you ? 
  call the ai against them ? 
  it would only work only if there was gameplay rules enforcing the popes will . 
  for example if you get excommunicated , you lose all alliances with proper catholics , and if the pope calls a holy war against the heretic there are big prestige losses/internal arrest if the neighboring catholic countries do n't join . 
  you might be able to specifically request countries to attack , with piety/prestige loss if they do n't agree . 
  the resource you have to spent as a pope to do all these would be piety ( -500 piety to excommunicate , -100 piety to call someone to war etc ) not something unrealistic to be honest.and sounds fun as i write it . 
   i am strictly arguing in the sense of morals . 
  nowhere did i argue that this is against the law , ect . 
  i am treating both the mother and fetus as separate persons , in a completely isolated situation ie outside of any laws or third parties . 
  this is your first problem .
