  result : heads, 
  percentage of trials : 100 %, 
  theory 1 : confirmed, 
  uhh no.you can get an object ( a mirror or a guy with a telescope ) in 1 light year away without traveling with or above the speed of light . 
  experimental trials :1, 
  result : serious response . 
  percentage of trials : 100 %, 
  theory 1 : humour not detected : confirmed, 
  yes.somehow if we break the universe rules . 
  but the [ original comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/1m69x6/til_of_the_1561_celestial_phenomenon_over/cc6axhu ) did n't mention that . 
  possible with direct money transfer , from one national finance institution to another ( say from the [ deutsche bundesbank ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deutsche_bundesbank ) to the [ bank of greece ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bank_of_greece ) , who both also used to print money before the euro ) . 
  it would be hilarious for us , the rest of the world thou.until we died from nuclear fire at least . 
  he probably would n't , along with the majority of the catholic world but fundamental catholics with weapons probably would . 
  in reality `` van der lubbe 's ( the arsonist ) reputation as a mentally disturbed arsonist hungry for fame , and cryptic comments by leading nazi officials , it was generally believed at the time that the nazi hierarchy was involved for political gain . 
  kershaw , in hitler hubris , says it is generally believed today that van der lubbe acted alone and the reichstag fire [ was merely a stroke of good luck for the nazis ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reichstag_fire ) . '', 
  i think the states should just get over it . 
  i mean ~ ~ germany ~ ~ the world because of the axis was trough bigger shit with ww2 . 
  ftfy, 
  its impossible with both ways , because the light from the sun is magnitudes brighter than earth 's so our image would be occluded.even with ftl technology you cant beat that.unless you can bend the universe laws , but then what stops you from simply traveling back in time yourself ? 
  but pirates where also real ... 
  my father was bitten in his lips while sleeping.the little scolopendra bitch runned of , but was bashed by a 5 kilo stone and almost cut in half until it stopped moving.i got home to get him to the hospital , and tried to get the corpse with a piece of paper just in case the doctors needed it.it moved between my fingers.i dropped it.it run.i screamed like a 2 year old girl.thankfully the stone was still there . 
  sounds counter intuitive and expensive when a bucket of paint can conceal a tank almost the same.even worse when you consider that the last military unit type , the infantry , that is still using normal vision for target acquisition is moving up on thermal and other modes.optical cloaking is simply old tech even before it is discovered . 
  ussr collapsed under its own weight.also imperial russia was not an agrarian feudalist society since peter the great.however it had oppressed and very very poor lower class.living standards in russia are low because ussr collapsed so thoroughly that everything went to hell.cuba is exporting doctors , but how much percentage of gdp rise brings that ? 
  0.000001 % maybe ? 
  * successful * dictatorships will be either left wing or right wing based on which part of the populace has the upper hand ( lower classes for left , middle classes for right ) unless a foreign power is heavily backing it and even then it is hardly long lived if a major proportion of the population does not support it ( think iran ) . so ideologically , dictatorships are hardly any different in reality , just what pr the megalomaniacs and their backers use . 
  first you must understand that socialism and communism are not the same.socialism in europe is [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_democracy ) , and it is true left wing ( and succesful ) goverment . communism is quite different ( everythings belongs to the state . 
  ) . communism , much as capitalism failed because they are both utopic.their theories never consider what i call the `` lazy cheater '' problem , that there will always be someone that would prefer to steal the others produce money by any means neccesarysoo he wont work . 
  most paint camouflage have variations precisely for that.and as i said , optical requisition is going passe real fast anyways.thermal camouflage is a good technology if done properly but that does n't make the active optical camouflage any less redundant . 
  they are venomous , and much much more potent than bees or wasps.my father got all swelled up , but the greek ( mediterranean ) ones stop on that , unless you have an anafilactic shock , then you are dead ( hence the 4 am hospital visit ) . if i was on your case , i would have fainted.i regurlarly have spiders walking over me and i dont give a single fuck.centipedes?i get goosbumps just typing it.because those little bitches love to cuddle in your bed * on purpose . 
  same shit here , wood and dead leaves everywhere.not only they are perfect resting places for them , the vegetation also works as food for millipedes and other herbivorous bugs , that centipedes hunt.they purposely go and rest between bed sheets , i think because of body warmth/darkness , and their bodies are made in such a way that they can get in from the tiniest hole possible . 
  all other unnecessary , horrific info about those spawns of satan [ here ] ( http://www.petbugs.com/caresheets/s-cingulata.html ) . 
  tell your insomnia '' \u00ffou are welcome . '', 
  from me :p, 
  i have replied elsewhere that i mistyped ly as au . 
  i would also like to point out that they live on most of the planet , and a lot of them are way more dangerous than a swollen bite.and they are one of the few bug species that are aggressive hunters and if annoyed they will us\u00eb their `` bite the shit out it first and do n't ask questions later because it is dead '' defence tactic.and apart from bed sheets they love cuddling between clothes in the floor or in the bathroom were is it moist . 
  have a good night today . 
  so the dna of the obliterated frog goes to the upper atmosphere and beyond with the smoke column of ladee.small fragments survive on micro asteroids , debris from the launch and frozen in absolute zero microscopic clusters . 
  after millions of years , blown by the solar wind , and traveling dozens of light years , they enter the atmosphere of a small planet , who is orbiting within the sweet habitable zone of its star.another millions years pass , and life has arisen anew on this planet , albeit limited to some vegetation and some green skinned humanoids.these humanoids , maybe because the origin of their birth screams through the aeons , are obsessed with two things only : missiles and explosions . 
  that is the best compliment of my life.i will probably engrave it on a golden plaque to see it every morning ... 
  there were never called byzantine empire in real life.byzantine empire is the roman empire . 
  ceasar was never named emperor , and some claim that he would never do ( i doubt it ) . only octavian finally killed the republic , hence he is the first . 
  actually the full name of the eastern church is orthodox catholic church . 
  thats funny because i live in thebes ( not egypt , in greece ) . also the theban army with the sacred band were more badass than the spartans , since [ they crushed them forever ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_leuctra ) . suck that leonidas . 
  the normandy landings were pretty much a staple of trench warfare . 
   we also overthrew several south american countries freely elected presidents/pms because they were ~ ~ communist ~ ~ socialist . 
  ftfy, 
  they were both successful ( in their respective fields of course ) , famous black men who were considered family guys and people were shocked when it was exposed that they had extramarital affairs.not every black man has the life story like that you idiot . 
  sources ? 
  ok yeah ~ ~ we ~ ~ the guy that has conquered the place told you that you could have this , but it 's been a few hundred years and a bloody revolution and we want our forefathers greatest landmark back ! '', 
  better, 
  bloods that their mommas washed colored with whites ? 
  in reality , no , they where the roman empire . 
  [ this is byzantium ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9b/justinian555ad.png ) a mere 300 years before the game start , and even in the 9th century they had almost half of italy for centuries.they only lost the title after the pope broke off from constantinople and proclaimed the frankish kings `` augustus '' so they can save his ass from the `` barbarians '' . even in the last centuries the ottomans called them romans.so , again , much much more than the english . 
  this whole thread contradicts your statement.yes `` the \u00f6ther side '' might not get represented in elementary schools , but it is usually easily available is books , websites and public libraries.also revisionism kicks pretty much in circles so a `` noble '' guy in 19th century can be a `` villain '' on early 20th and back again during the early 21th . 
  enslaving.or leaving slavers live.or anyone forcing someone to do his bidding.slaughtering every single slaver in paradise falls with a mini gun , grenades and a hunting rifle was the high point of my whole game . 
  each cable can hold the whole system ... . . 
  each elevator has 6 cables . 
  also a shitone of [ other ingenious safety measures ] ( http://science.howstuffworks.com/transport/engines-equipment/elevator5.htm ) . 
  nope , because unless some country or other political group conquers the whole world , there will always be different sides printing different sides of the story.seriously , that quote is a cheap wisdom snippet to use at cocktail parties.it is very condenscenting against historians and their science , and those of them that went against the norm to tell the truth . 
  at least it changes after `` becoming '' roman empire . 
  julius ceasar was not the first emperor.he simply broke the republics spine , so augustus could finish it off and make it its puppet , hence emperor.in reality even if the emperors were the defacto ultimate rulers , they still nominally used the senate.think how the north korea supposed to be a place where the people ( the party ) choose who will rule , when in reality it is very close to hereditery succession , at least for now.same with the holy roman empire , who supossedely was elective , but a lot of emperors forced the election of their sons while still alive . 
  you need to have the legacy of rome dlc , and then fulfill soome pre requisites , namely conquering some provinces ( rome and some others ) and a good amount of prestige if i recall correctly.your nation name changes to roman empire your leader gets a nifty `` augustus '' trait.the best thing is you get an imperial reconquest casus belli agaisnt half of europe for whole duchies , not just counties . 
  i will have to point out that paradox acknowledged that the `` byzantines '' were the true romans , since in the decision description it says you do n't really recreate the empire per se , just that you are so strong that you force everyone to agree with your heritage . 
  edit : sorry for typos , have to leave for work fast . 
  because some of them were just left leaning , not even communists of any kind.but us toppled them too because anything remotely resembling a socialist was a dirty commie to the us.the greek junta used this to take power for example . 
  i think they use his greek name , ioustinianos , if i recall correctly.but i possibly wrong . 
  however legions were outdated long before the western part ceased to exist.it would be like usa used muskets in the 50 's . 
  i was generalizing to better present my point . 
  the tactics and strategies of 1 ad would be ineffectual for 1200 ad , for various reasons like underpopulation to maintain legion all year around , cavalry getting tech advancements making the use of heavy armored units available etc etc. 
  my whole town is built above ruins from 7th century bc at least.there is a parking spot with ancient tombs from the time of achilles.check mate, 
  6 hour navy guard duty can be a bitch ... 
  do n't overanalyze this thread , it for fun , surely !, 
  yes and it was busted according to wikipedia . 
  so ... like purgatory ? 
  it gets worse . 
  same here.the show went from fantasy-mystery-action to `` who fuck whom this night '' . 
  but what ? 
  ! i am nervous and keep re-reading all my comments.reddit i m sorry if i have offended you , please do n't kill my internet life !, 
  i am a number 1 . because they had a so fucking great way to end it , and until the final episode it was looking like they are going to end it like that :, 
  the bomb both failed and succeeded , and created two universes , one where they are still stuck in the island , and one where they safely landed and no one died , mauled , lost or shot , their lives are much better because they changed the whole 30 years by sinking the island from the bomb , but alas , they do n't know each other . 
  then somehow desmond , because he is a universe/time traveler from all the time he passed in proximity to the anomaly and from the source as a gift , retains memories from both universes , so as a badass he is , he brings everyone together and shares the memories with them , making them all a happy family . 
  so with this ending the source did something without being just a light in the tunnel , the black man is stopped in the original universe , it is all plausible with the sci fi mumbo jumbo of the series without religious asspulls or ghosts , and all the sweat and blood the heroes shed for 6 seasons in the island in universe a is what gives them the happy ending in universe b. 
  but no , fucking purgatory . 
  well that call would land you a booty call either way that night . . 
  just leave it be.for men over 20 its something normal . 
  as far as i know , babies do n't crush your windpipe , neither get rabies ( usually ) . 
  i pray we had this here in greece.at least we would know who is behind the throne . 
  they are slightly more resistant thank humans to mutations by radiation.but since they are actually dependent to human for survival , they would die en masse if we died . 
  hail oh great , kind and wise unidan !, 
  have you seen any evidence of climate change on your job ( migrations gone haywire , reproductive season messed up etc etc. 
  ) ? also happy cake day !, 
  but americans still do n't know shit about europe : the fourth picture is in front of the greek parliament . 
  i think the question is moot.no law or agency can curb piracy , because it is so fucking easy and free.it is literally harder to steal candy from a baby ( it will scream ! ), 
  than pirate a song.so while in the eyes of the law its illegal , in the real world it is something that is almost cconsidered normal from the majority of the people.the real question is , not how is going to stop , but how is gong to evolve ( netflix seems a nice example , at least accosrding to us redditor ), 
  i am sure no civilization had appeared on all those billions upon billions of stars.surely . 
  the movie was bad.aliens had sci-fi monsters ( biological weapons ) and technology , yet still plausible and scary.prometheus had biologists petting a space cobra and a cartographer getting lost . 
  miss aimed advertising can do that to you.sucker punch , bridge to terabithia and bicentennial man are other , worst examples . 
  i think we are alone brother . 
  perfect comparison, 
  it was nice during the 90 ` sa more easy going decade when us history looked brighter than today ( we are over vietnam!and watergate!and the commies are gone .
