  well pomeranians , you get our sloppy seconds . 
  i dont remember exacly , but dont you have to own at least a kingdom/empire title , and venice is a mechant republic kingdom so you cant create it.so that still leaves some de jure vassals . 
  various suggestions from the top of my head :, 
  reload the save game , choose the leader of the alliance ( uk ? ), 
  and offer peace.save game , load the new save with your own nation and voila.it would probably crash/don ' t do anything but its worth a try.you could clear the war by editing the save?never tried it , so risky . 
  another approach is to recreate a nation using the chi tag ( localization , flag , etc ) , edit the save to give them a province ( there is a very decent save game editor out there ) , and retry to load as uk to peace out . 
  how do you fill that now vr is seemingly real ? 
  ahhh yes thanks for the reminder . 
  you still have the problem hen you reach empire status ? 
   you should n't . ? 
  you mean, 
   * i * should n't ? 
  right in he fills man , right in the fills . 
  one is a monk . 
  you had me until this :, 
   i am more positive now , for the future . 
  evw in this form died . 
  it died because it seems to not have lived up to what it promised . 
  learn from the mistakes . 
  learn from limitations . 
  remake it in a few years . 
  restart , rebuild , remake . 
  create the best game pdx has ever published . 
  just use the right tool . 
  you sound like a bad ad . 
  the problem with the game was that essentially , it was a glorified mod . 
  the engine can handle the staff the game needs already . 
  but they have to give a full development cycle with people that already know how to use the engine . 
  it is is fine for a completely free , one man created , bug spawning , cult classic like dwarf fortress . 
  it is the equivalent of the rocky horror show for games . 
  however if it was published by a normal company at its present state they would get obliterated . 
  i really dont know what i expected ... 
  paradox has n't charged anyone so far for even downloading legit releases so i think not . 
  but it is illegal anyways . 
  unless he completely overhauls the ui it will still be clanky as hell on earth.even for rogue clones . 
  it was leaked . 
  you wont find download links here or in any paradox forum , since , obviously , it is illegal to distribute . 
  in fact the subreddit mods will ban people that post links . 
  what are the effects of a nuke ? 
  do they affect only one province ? 
  any attrition modifier from radioactivity so you can deny areas from the enemy ( a major reason tactical level nuclear weapons were developed ) . 
  any diplomatic consequences ? 
  in fact , do they have any unique effect ? 
  or do they simply destroy ic and the armies in one province like those in hoi ? 
  smooth . . 
  its actually theban , as from thebes.but ofcourse it works both ways . 
  it is good . 
  serious plot holes aside , it is a nice action movie . 
  if i decided to create a game taking place at the cold war era i would make nuclear warfare absolutely ** terrifying ** . 
  even if a global nuclear war did not end human life and civilization as some real life researchers propose , the * fear * that might happen was universal at those decades in real life , changing how nations conducted war and diplomacy . 
  to pull that fear in a paradox game , the nuclear war option should be a last resort , a `` throw the gaming table upside down because i am losing '' move . 
  each action you have would move the nuclear clock closer or further to 00.00 , and the closer is , the better chances the ai is to launch a strike . 
  simplified leader traits ( like you propose ) , national decisions and event chains will also effect the clock . 
  can you imagine getting the `` cuban missile crisis '' chain of events , slowly coming close to nuclear midnight with an aggressive ussr on the other side ? 
  you wisely pull off in the last decision , taking a huge prestige hit but averting the clock striking at 00.59 , and you frantically try to use diplomacy to revert the clock . 
  then ussr gets a random event where a `` malcontent '' has assassinated a member of the politburo in broad daylight giving +2 mins in the clock ... 
  and the birds start flying . 
  if nuclear warfare did happen in a breakthrough , it should be very notable . 
  the effects would be based on the strength of the warhead ( s ) . 
  when a region would get attacked it would lose a huge part of infrastructure and population and get a radioactivity attrition penalty that gets raised with each subsequent hit , and takes time to diminish ( from days to semi permanent for areas that got hit multiple times or by big weapons ) . 
  if an area is hit hard enough , it becomes completely inhospitable , akin to terra igognita in ck2 and eu4 . 
  bye bye washington dc forever . 
  morale of armies fighting in those areas would also take a suffer , because everyone would want to move out of the irradiated wasteland . 
  infantry would be the most affected and armor the last . 
  nbc protection research would help diminish the effect but not remove it entirely . 
  after effects would be the rise of revolutionary/secessionist sentiment ( aka rebel chances ) . 
  armed survivalists , drug lords , idelogical rebels etc would use the infrastructure / societal collapse to carve fiefs in the regions affected , and create new nations from your own . 
  so even if you somehow `` win '' the nuclear war you still have chance of losing territory . 
  diplomacy could be essentially a go/domino mini gamegame , where happenings in one country would effect the neighbors . . 
  ahh so many ideas . . 
  everything you describe can be simulated with event chains.and for teh first time even if you know what events comes later in the chain , you will be anxious of what to choose this time , prestige over power , peace over war . 
  the timer will only work as an indicator of chances nuclear weapons being used aka end of the world.same as the real [ doomsday clock ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/doomsday_clock ) . 
  really helpful both for the user and for the coder . 
  and it already exists somewhat in evw . 
  diplomacy and espionage would essentially be different sides of the same coin . 
  under the `` diplomacy '' tab , there would be the overt actions you can take , like `` give humanitarian aid '' , `` proclaim twin cities '' legal lobbying for a party that supports your nation/ideology etc. 
  they will take a lot of time and have small chances to succeed.they will make the target nation more friendly to you and your ideology , but also have the chances neighboring nations getting events based on your actions , that also rise their opinion of you ( domino/go style of turning the neighboring pieces ) and also rarely lowering the nuclear chances . 
  on the other side , `` espionage '' will include the `` covert '' actions , for example , your lobbying for your party is n't working . 
  you can stage a coup of course !, 
  medium chance of succeeding , but if it goes public , neighboring nations become hostile against you and friendlier to the other side , plus almost always move the doomsday clock forward . 
  so , will you be the `` good guy '' that helps the other nations and tries to have good pr , but he gets prestige really slow , or you are a brutal `` slaver and oppressor '' that all crumble before you , but you might get a nuke in your head for that ? 
  all this with a shitone of 50-80 's easter eggs . 
  like an event where the two boxing champions of the opposing ideologies have a match ( prestige gain/loss ) , or the one where a brand new submarine with experimental tech defects to you ( tech gain ) or the one where a secret service pilot tried to steal an awesome black plane , but crashed because the plane only listened commands in russian etc etc etc, 
  there is a [ flat earth society ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flat_earth_society ) , they believe the world is flat , and we have been deceived . 
  having people believe in a black and white world is n't that far fetched from there . 
   the laws above are more to do with some random guy walking down the street yelling offensive things at people because he 's crazy or something like that . 
  so the wbc is safe because they do n't walk ? 
  because there is absolutely no comment moderation and until recently the comments where completely anonymous , and with a fake account , still is.this created a thriving community of trolls , that drove the legit commenters away years ago . 
  when was the last time you saw a video and actually scrolled the comments looking for a normal discussion ? 
  the point of the caterpillar stage is to amass as much energy from food as possible , hence the slow moving slobs , and expend it during the mating season in glorious wings that will help find mates faster and easier and also spread the offspring as farther as possible . 
  think it as a man that saves almost all his money for years , only to spend them in a 2 week ultra luxury vacation in brazil trying to hit on supermodels . 
  did she had the famous buttocks of brazilian girls ? 
  because if she did , i would seriously reconsider my place in the kinsey scale . 
  you make it sound intentional , when in reality it is sloppy coding.i would presume that when a player changes teh ca it flags your active char with a `` ca changed '' prohibiting any more changes . 
  apparently the regent event also flags the character.i will delve deeper when i am home . 
  you must also consider that it is already a hindrance even without what op is saying . 
  if a regent lowers your ca , you have wasted whole 2 monarch changes , one the previous to rise it , and one the next to rise it again . 
  that edit works on many levels . 
  prediction :, 
  evw will become the firefly of th paradox community .
