  or the upcoming moon changes . 
  so people are trying to find their footing . 
  tl ; dr all major players are busy with internal matters and getting fat . 
  strange equilibrium after wwb . 
  its problematic and perhaps need calibration , but its not stupid . 
  its so no random blob murders your little astrahus in 5s , while allowing small groups to be able to punch you if they wish . 
  there was a war going before wwb . 
  it ended roughly a bit after . 
  essentially where you lives used to be rus space ... but now it isnt . 
  ohh someone is salty and bitter with manifesto it seems . 
  want a hug there buddy ? 
  the circle of life !, 
  so like a `` soft '' damage cap ? 
  as a raw idea i hear first time i like it . 
  dude , wwb was 1.5 year ago ffs . 
  thjs lull is normal . 
  the wis could work if legio ever gets released ( lol ) . 
  the station would be the * only * place you could trade , chat , contract , recruit etc with the legio grunts . 
  it would be like a meeting place in-between . 
  present discusion aside , it really grates me that the game design essentially forces you to train alts for a whole range of ships . 
  they fixed that somewhat , but cyno alts are still cancer . 
  this sounds more like data . 
  i think riker would go for more `` old fashioned '' tricks like the ace in the sleeve , just for the audacity of it . 
   what exactly are you complaining about here , that using a jump capable ship requires someone to be at the other end of the jump ? 
  yes . 
  tell me any other game you * need * an alt to use any equipment you have . 
  thank god they are fixing it by allowing gate jumping and fortizar/keepstar docking . 
  now if they could add jumping solo to bookmarks and be done with it . . 
  you do realise that to move a capitals/super you need stop off points because fatigue right ? 
  are you going to build a keepstar in every stop ? 
  or you are going to leave your main unlogged until the fatigue is down because your ship is in the middle of nowhere . 
  and the existence of keepstars has nothing to do with the problem of cyno alts . 
  the game forces you to have alts to use content of it . 
  and titans were supposed to be unique `` death stars '' that only a handfull existed in the game . 
  just because there * was * an original idea doesnt mean you have to hold into it just because . 
  at this time and for many many years , capitals move 95 % of the time solo with cyno alts , so de facto the `` group activity '' is dead . 
  they shoud just implement it in official capacity with no alts and be done with it . 
  you seem to be freaking out and talking nonsense . 
  i suggest you take 5 . 
  yes because how many people dont use cyno alts to move ? 
  the `` group activity '' doest exist anyways , only now you need to pay $ $ to do it . 
  and yet its not working or ever worked like that . 
  i never said no cyno fields . 
  they could keep the cyno gen gameplay they have now , but also add a cyno that can opened solo to a bookmark , but make it so it needs time to `` open '' while still being be visible in overview . 
  say , you activate the cyno , you need to wait 5 minutes before you are able to jump , but the field while it is visible in overview for all to know that * something * is coming . 
  this way it can not be used for combat drops and still being able to travel in friendly territory , which is already the case now , but without alts . 
   you do n't need an alt it 's just nice to have . 
  you join a null group . 
  you bring your capital in . 
  for some reason the group implodes . 
  how do you escape null . 
  you are jump freighter that you need to do regular stops all over your alliance 's 70 systems . 
  cyno generators are nice and good but they are not a ) everywhere and b ) they are very inconvenient . 
  do you poke your corpies all the time or do you put the ship on the hands of a random alliance member ? 
  or do you pay ccp money and be done with it ? 
  alts are a must and the whole game will laugh at you if you lose your ship because you are lacking one . 
   why would you be a hauler without the tools to do the job of a hauler , that 's what freight services are for . 
  what are the tools you are mentioning ? 
   ask a friend . 
  you can not find any . 
  you joined that group to find those . 
   you find your friends from your corp who also need to evac . 
  assuming they do n't stop playing and you are stranded . 
  i have lit numerous cynos myself . 
  but i will also not use a cap for me because i do n't want alts . 
  i still consider it a unnecessary hassle when it is circumvented by using real money . 
   luckily you have 3 characters on your account . 
  so you retrain from scratch a character from the same account freezing your main for what , how many months/years ? 
  unless you fork up some $ $ for dual training of course ... 
   alts for a very specific job , if you need to reach for that to prove your case you 're already destroying your argument . 
  i am reaching for a job that is vital for any single alliance and corp that wants to come to null ( or heck even low ? ) . 
  are you serious ?!, 
   you 're trying to say an alt is a necessity while having to resort to niche cases , in each case the same still holds true , they are not a necessity but they are nice to have . 
  `` and because i do n't like these arguments , i name them niche '' . 
  just * two * of my examples encompass hundreds of pilots . 
  i am not going to name the huge list of scenarios where you * need * an alt . 
  so i will ask you , do you have an alt for your capitals ? 
  do you know someone that does n't yet he is flying caps for more than a month ? 
   you are clearly disrespecting low sp characters . 
  you hurt my alpha toon 's feelings . 
  okay let me rephrase that because you misunderstood . 
  you have your main that you have trained for many years . 
  you have given many , many $ $ to ccp at this to open up skills, 
  now , if you want to fly caps , one way or another you have to fork a ** gain a lot of $ $ to have the same capabilities as you had , because you either train an alt to use everyday while your main wastes in the cap b ) you train an alt for the titan to keep your main . 
  or if you do n't want to/cant pay do neither , and be worse that the people that have the $ $ to train those alts and have the `` my cap is always safe logged off '' and `` cyno anywhere you want solo '' at will . 
  to me it seemed like they had a script written for mat smith and they tucked it in by replacing the actors name 's . 
  if i could go back and delete the mental images . . 
  i didnt say the guitar per se . 
  i said the scene as a whole . 
  it breaks my suspention of disbelief when some dude comes at you screaming `` the orphanage is on fire !, 
  save the children ! '', 
  and then you spend 2 weeks fishing , metal smithing and finishing quests on the other side of the country while the orphanage is still burning on the backround . 
  meh , the only ( major ) problem 1 had was that you couldnt explore the wasteland afterwards . 
  and 2 had no timers at all anyways . 
  a bit late for the reply , but the stone had * already * detonated ( shortoff , see bellow ) . 
  karen warns that the * elevator * will fail at 125 sec because of total structural and safety failure ... then the available time is cut even shorter because the kids are trying to climb up themselves and stressing it even further . 
  the elevator does indeed fall . 
  as for why it did n't exploded at all , this was a stone that was used essentially as an energy producer/amplifier ( remember it was * soldered * inside the weapon that kept firing blasts while spidey was hunting the van ) not as grenade . 
  for the jargon in the movie , i assume it fires when it is bombarded by radiation/x-rays . 
  it was activated by an x-ray machine in the memorial , and it can easily surmised that the rays in this case were n't as focused or strong as the ones needed to really fire the orb , so the burst we saw that cut the elevator was akin to a partial discharge .
