  i think we are already at that point . 
  if you see the yearly login numbers are dropping consyantly since 2014 with bumps during wwb and alphsa that deflated very fast . 
  you mean the suit that fell from the sky like a bag of bricks and hilariously dissolved back to a ~ ~ box ~ ~ pile of scraps ? 
  oh my god 3000 thousand people died we should send more to die in the desert !, 
  ehh the tendencies were always there . 
  i think the tragedy is that wasnt the reason , despite the memes , at least not the main reason . 
  oil * is * a strategic recourse after all . 
  it was a huge part of corporare america , the arms manufacturers , the military supply companies ( we need to feed the boys good ol' mcdonalds even outside nasiriya ) , the infrastructure waiting to be rebuilt with american $ , the private security companies etc. 
  i havent seen such an unscrulpulous private enterprise buffet of public founds since my own countries 2004 olympics . 
  a ) i said that oil wasnt the primary reason b ) if the war happened simply because `` the us didnt like saddam '' , ( which isnt ) then it would be an even dumber reason . 
  people that idealise stalin and mao are not `` lefties '' , they are pure full blown communists . 
  pretty serious distincion . 
  emphasis ob recent , dont forget mcarthism , the second red scare , the gilded age and union suppresion etc etc. 
  cobsidering that unless you are middle class in us you are fucked , sometimes without access to basic human rights , thats the definition of fascism . 
  thats not what i said . 
  if you did idolise stalin , if knew nothing else about you , i would assume you where a communist and i would be correct . 
  `` leftie '' is a right wing slur , so good for you for identifying with it ? 
  they could still bother to clean the playlist, 
  who said it wasnt ? 
  more like proto-fascim actually , that evolved in the form we all know and love on the early 21st century by the same reactionary forces . 
  just because they added some nice propaganda in the mix didnt change the core . 
  sorru did you just say that victorian britain was not fascist because they didnt `` worship the idealised past '' ? 
  * victorian britain !? 
  oh my god they are having a ridiculous and ( for them at least ) funny photo in their wedding , what * horrible * ** horrible ** friends i have !, 
  i think you are * vastly * underestimating what global collapse of civilisation entails , and how long it will last . 
  even if ( and is a huge if ) some people survive , humanity as we know it today will be gone forever . 
  agaon that has nothing to do with its visual appeal . 
  i am looking to do some classes into programming and/or webdev . 
  i have some experience myself , but nothing `` official '' and i would like to have a more structured training . 
  however i would not like to waste my time into something that is not recognized by the market ( i am doing this to get a job ! ) . 
  if would anyone comment and suggest . 
  i am also looking into [ epfc ] ( http://www.epfc.eu/ ) but i their prices and timeline i do n't know why i should just go for a full on degree from a uni . 
  thank you !, 
  it should but * he * commented about * that * . 
  he dint tell you to buy it or built it . 
  you could build the same looking building * with * function anyways . 
  they wont be the humans * we * are in any way except how they look and even that is debatable , depending on timescales until some type of civilization reemerges ( if it does ) . 
  yay ? 
  just a random plague in the major population leftovers and we are done for . 
   syntra, 
  i know minimal to nonexistent dutch . . 
  i know , and i am planning to tackle that particular issue asap , but i am already 31 * and * trying to switch careers in a new country , so i am a bit pressured on getting * some * work experience asap before my age is a major obstacle ( if its not already ) . 
  i will def look into it !, 
  thanks !, 
  namur has a tourist info office right next to the trainstation exit ( it is actually part of the building ) . 
  it includes an info desk to ask questions and free maps . 
  as other said most of them have static maps and signs to major locations . 
  by the time we reach an adequate level of civilization ? 
  and specifically for due to a climate changing disaster?i would n't bet to that . 
  and its irrelevant anyways , might as well be human looking aliens . 
  * `` dear friend , thank you for your order . 
  * first of all , i am sorry for the mixup . 
  * i send you this gift , and i want to inform you that not to be worried , your items will arrive in 7-15 days , because the delivery service has been disrupted . 
  * so please be patient for some days more . 
  * if you have any questions , contact me and i will respond in any inquiry you may have . 
  * i hope you have a nice day , best wishes to you !, 
  what a nice dude !, 
  `` the delivery service has been disrupted . '', 
  i am like reverse google translate . 
  they cant . 
  if they actually starts rebuilding towards a goal a ) it wouldnt be a zombie apocalypse and b ) they dibt have enough badget . 
  unfortunately i am not working , and is the reason i am pressured a bit , 
  and this people , is how you walk when you enter stardom and world fame . 
  nah , do n't worry , it 's lupus . 
  its a pop reference , * dude * . 
  since he though he had every weird disease out there except lupus , it 's lupus . 
  well now you done it . 
  its not lupus . 
  it was so common that even me , a viewer that watch a random episode every two months noticed it . 
  definitely a matter of discussion , but we are talking about his fans here , not him . 
  oh man i am very sorry to hear that . 
  is there a possibility of it being psychosomatic ? 
  ehh they have their own subcategory . 
  since in the ( macro ) economic side they keep the communist model , they are communists . 
  oh i know what psychosomatic is , thats why i mentioned . 
  and i know doctors do check for those cases pand give medicine for relief so i am surprised you say that . 
  they are trying to fill their catalogue asap because they are losing steam by not getting rights for third party content , especially internationally . 
  their collection in most european countries is shit all over the place . 
  hey at least yo have your stuff either subtitles to dutch or english . 
  in belgium every time is a tossup , it can have dutch , french or only english subtitles . 
  meaning it can lock out half the country !, 
  because the quality of the image is bad so it looks fake instead of making fallout 4 graphics seem real ... geez . 
  ahh the excuse of shitty players everytime . 
  eve , like life , is what you make it to be . 
  if this is the reaction you have met no wonder you are so disillusioned . 
  i am surprised they take such a heavy handed approach ( opiods ?! ) . 
  ca n't you ask specifically for therapy plus medicine that wont cause even bigger problem in the future ? 
  '06 just because its allowed in the game mechanics doesnt mean its not an asshole move . 
  i consider these kinds of things pathetic to be honest . 
  yes because players have an indicator that they are about to do something dangerous . 
  highsec ? 
  nah and i see ganging as something ccp allows to be the `` edgy kid '' . 
  let me ask you a question , would you join a local amateur sports dream , befriend them only to steal their equipment one day before the final with your real team , even if you had no legal repercussions ? 
  like , go to beers and barbecue with them ? 
  the game is not deterministic , you can do whatever the hell you want . 
  that means you do n't * have * to be a dick , its your own free will to do so . 
   they ca n't / wo n't / do n't want to do it in real life , but it seems like a fun thing to try in a place where outright murder is fine . 
  i consider cons like jita scumming , price fucking and such understandable and `` part of the game '' because they are constrained in the game world . 
  being friends with someone out of the game is not the same , and if you cant see the difference then i suggest you take a pause and think if you understand that behind `` xspacepirate '' is a real human being and not an npc . 
  lets take this out of eve and see if that conduct would be seen as normal .
