  i think one major factor was the multitude of civil wars that left the borders unguarded and the regular army undermanned . 
  for example roman britain was lost because the local general took the majority of the stationed legions to the mainland to use them for his plan to become emperor . 
  this led into waves of germanic tribes entering ( vandals , visigoths saxons ) , colonizing and pillaging areas of the empire more and more , then becoming an integral part of the roman army and finally taking de facto control . 
  odoacer , the `` barbarian '' leader who put the westerm half out of its misery started as a military leader under roman leadership . 
  it can happen . 
  however finish them off , i had them down, 
  to 5 living members without any titles and they somehow got france back 300 years after they lost it . 
  by the way ireland is considered `` tutorial island '' if you choose the original 1066 start . 
  it is fairly difficult during the 768 and brutal in the 867 ( hello vikings ! ), 
  historical immersion project a collection of mods . 
  the map from the smmh mod is absolutely gorgeous and huge ( way more provinces than vanilla ) leading to less ahistorical blobbing ( each region like britain is a mini campaing on itself , particularly in early game ) . 
  better ui , a lot of events and balancing while allowing cusomization for certain mod aspects ( casus belli cooldowns , crusades ) . 
  you should at least play once with this mod . 
  some ambitions can be completed once in a lifetime or have certain requirments such as traits and/or max piety / prestige . 
  black dahlia . 
  the one and only movie i fall asleep . 
  bind was still alive whe he did that so his heart was still beating , albeit with issues due to poison . 
  while not a case for medical video it was somewhat realistic . 
  but walking back up as nothing happened and going back to play ... aint gona happen buddy . 
  unless you wear headphones . . 
  have fun shooting bad guys with ruptured eardrums and possible bleeding lungs bond !, 
  there is space fantasy like star wars or guardians of the galaxy that are fun to watch if they keep their internal logic . 
  and then there is fucking atrocities like gravity . 
  `` hello this mr jones from it . 
  we need to install updated drivers in your workstation . 
  can you provide us with your remote access code ? 
  ok now can you login so we can access the os ? 
  thank you , this will take about an hour . 
  oh it your lunch time?how ... fortunate , you can come back and everything will be ready by then '', 
  the doctor who fundom in two comments . 
  it wasnt the soviets but the russian goverment . 
  i think the statues are even better painted . 
  and you have to remember that those where on top of buildings so the colors wherent that overwhelming . 
  edit : example the [ parthenon ] ( http://www.ancientbattles.com/heroesofgreece/pericles/parthenon.jpg ) , for those that have been there will know the painted sections where high above the ground , about three four stories . 
  oh no issue just pointing it out !, 
  i just learned my beloved pc is dead ... and i wont be able to get a new one at least until christmas . . 
  sorry for typos on mobile :(, 
  i am a avid gamer . 
  the thing is the desktop broke when i asked for it to be sent to my new place after my laptop also went dead ... sonofabitch . 
  the majority of the exteriors where unpainted . 
  the frescos where on the interiors , walls and floors . 
  you can see my edit how was the parthenon . 
  in my country ( europe ) people under 18 are not paying taxes unless they own property . 
  and hey ca n't own companies . 
  problem solved . 
  and they ignore the oh so many colonies that failled and everyone died or gave up and turned native ( roanoke ) . 
  this is the url i sent : http://www.ancientbattles.com/heroesofgreece/pericles/parthenon.jpg . 
  have you ever actually be there ? 
  the mantle is very high and a small part of the visible from ground level exterior . 
  the huge columns where white . 
  hey lets add an alien invasion of mars !, 
  it makes the same sense, 
  this is literaly the whole point of the show ... 
  underground communities did not have access to the sun and stars so they used various methods to mark the passage of time . 
  so her 14 years probably are of bigger lenght than our years . 
  i wasnt the one complaining . . 
  pretty much . 
  additionally there is usually a certain yearly income where you either dont pay income taxes or get refunds , regardless of age . 
  but i think this exist in the us also ? 
  and as i said you cant do that because certain commodities which are considered `` luxurius '' are taxable no matter what . 
  greece and as far as i know ( new here ) in belgium . 
  in greece it is not obligatory to have a tax report until 21 . 
  depends on the type and size of income obviously . 
  but the child itself is not paying any taxes or ha e any obligations and as i said it depends on the income . 
  do i have to repeat my very first comment ad infinitum ? 
  bellow a certain age and income he is not taxed , on his own report or his parents . 
  reporting it doesnt change that . 
  if a 15 y.o. 
  somehow legally makes 100k a year ( they cant own companies ) or has a house he will pay taxes . 
  as i previously said so . 
  are you even reading my comments ? 
  are you aware of the word exaggeration ? 
  and you keep repeating `` income = taxes '' like a broken gramophone trying to prove something when there is nothing to prove . 
  i wil say it again , take a deep breath and read it with clear mind :, 
  non adults are not obliged to file an income report or pay income taxes ** unless ** they pass a threshold from particular sources ( not from subsidies for example ) . 
  in reality this is very rare and mostly implemented to close the loophole of parents offloading stuff to children . 
  if they pass the threshold they do pay taxes . 
  i never said 100k was the threshold , i obviously exaggerated . 
  if you ca n't get exaggeration thats your problem . 
  the 12k threshold is a special treatment that includes children and poor people to make the broader laws clearer . 
  one does ' t cancel the other . 
  especially because the total income is calculated differently based on the source type ( so a child receiving child specific subsidies will be better i.e. 
  more `` special '' than an adult ) . 
  and this is ignoring the 23 age limit ( you have to report income even if 0 after that ) that makes it clear age itself plays a role . 
  the vast majority of income receivers , unsuprisingly , usually adults , will pass it ( well , before the crisis ) and pay taxes . 
  in the real world , not on your imaginary reddit battleground , you will be hard pressed to find a non adult that pays income taxes . 
  but dont worry , next time when i meet alexis when he writes a tax law `` for the low income groups '' he will clarify `` that includes children u/bobbage , duh '' . 
   ok , so you are acknowledging that the only reason children usually do n't pay income tax is because they do n't earn enough money . 
  i said that from the start . 
   that 's not a special exception for children , nobody in greece pays tax on the first $ 12k . 
  children are being treated exactly the same here . 
  this is a special exception for certain groups , children included , since you forget to mention ( or you simply do n't know and trying to beat a greek in his own country using google-fu ) that other complimentary laws change which income is taxable as i repeatedly said . 
  in effect , almost every able bodied working adult * will * pay taxes while a child * will not * . 
  you are just nitpicking so you can assure yourself you where right and won a reddit argument when there isnt even one . 
  again you are confused . 
  12000 is maximum total income in a year that is untaxable . 
  if you are making 12000 + in a whole year you get taxed a certain percentage , * including the original 12000 * . 
  this not how it works in greece . 
  the 27 % tax is calculated on the whole amount . 
  seen more easily with wages for employees , abour 25 % of the wage is automatically deducted for income tax and then you dont need to file a report if this is your solitary income .
