  \u0399 am not going to bother to explain in detail why your fantasies about a japanese/pacific island war with guerrillas and hidden underground bases is impossible . 
  i would just like to point out almost all the islands have limited water reserves and need frequent shipping from the mainland . 
  which you would know about if you had even the slightest idea about greece . 
  `` where is my mommy ? '', 
  being in command after the death of the officer above you and getting a new rank are two different things . 
  even if what you say was the case , since vader had literal life and death powers over the command structure means he had de facto promoting powers . 
  unless they both are bleach white blond with blue eyes and he is one of those rare dark skinned ( that look like they have a permanent tan mind you ) greeks he should be fine . 
  also he is probably a `` greek-american '' ( if he is at all and not a racist troll ) at best since greeks do n't give that much thought on race . 
  have you ever been to greece?we are definetely not swedish colored , but french people and some germans or british for example could easily pass as greeks and vise versa . 
  the difference is not that great to immidietly think a baby is not yours . 
  pregnancy is indeed an inconvenience , but so is getting sick , taking leave days for holidays , paying/offering health insurance , or hell , even paying the people that work for you , all those are inconvenience and losses from the employers perspective , but are natural things that need to be addressed since human workers are not robots . 
  like sleep , it might be an inconvenience , but if you do n't do it you will eventually die . 
  so trump did n't point out those cases of inconveniences that come from his employees in general , but he signaled out pregnancy , something unique to women . 
  hmm i wonder why that would be bad . 
  yep!thats it !, 
  man i regularly see awesome scenes like this from marvel posted here on reddit , and i would love to start reading comics , but the whole canon is so wide i do n't know where to start . 
  stereotypical i know . 
  the majority of the army definetely supported the war and the nazi ideology . 
  most of the wanted to be there . 
  can please tell me the thought process that caused this message?i am * not * being sarcastic . 
  either he was grammatically incorrect and he was talking about licences or he is a communist drone in socialist europe where the state takes a cut every month from his wage fir taxes/social security . 
  nah , just ask the owner before initiating contact and keep it brief . 
  2 years . 
  man the us has a looooong ass election process . 
  noooooo washington the great is spinning on his grave !, 
  oh after staligrand things staring falling apart , slowly but surely . 
  but the notion that they have been tricked to find themselves there is invalid . 
  so call of duty was realistic !, 
  i think we can replace the '' * semi * - scentient '' title now . 
  you are forgetting legit , organised invasions by islamic empires and nations . 
  hitler was specifically chosen by franz von papen to be appointed chancellor because he thought the man would be easily controlled . 
  same in greece . 
  we got major fatigue in 2012 when had two elections back to back , but it took about 2 months total . 
  i think the constant fanaticism of the electorate can have damaging repercussions in unity . 
  michelle 2024 !!!, 
  lets do the hat trick people !, 
  oh i know , i went with when candidates become semiofficial . 
  no no the crusades , did everyone forget the fucking ottoman empire that reached all the way to vienna or granada ? 
  wtf ? 
  a remastered edition if it ever happens is at least 5 years to a decade away . 
  your laptip should be able to handle the first at least . 
  awwwww i thought you where a fellow comrade !, 
  it was pretty obvious the isk they have gathered by not playing the game was way bigger than imperium . 
  or everyone else . 
  i havent seen imperium donating 40bil to a new corp for giggles . 
  i have seen that with a random iwi dude . 
  plus the whole `` i will fund almost every alliance in game to pile up on teh imperium '' thing . 
  pl was just 1 out of dozens large to medium alliances . 
  the difference was on a whole another level . 
  i am scared shitless . 
  trump on one hand , putin on the other . 
  if one starts chestbeating the other will not stop . 
  i think the us-russia relations will drop at their lowest since cold war . 
  a more realistic would be the nerd guy getting bored and getting the fuck out . 
  you can go so far without any connection on your daily activities . 
  netflix ( and vpns ) , babel for french learning ( really really major since i moved to a french speaking country ) , spotify , codecademy and countless other interesting things like shows , movies books etc. 
  it has greatly improved my life . 
  supposedly he is . 
  but from his character i dont think he will be the best in descalating situations . 
  suprisingly , the one from cloverfield . 
  it is simply a freaked out animal with no malice . 
  same exact memories and thoughts . 
  i fucking hope we dont get something big like 9/11 because we are done for . 
  umm both us and rusdia being buddis doesnt foretell good things about europe ... 
  maga is not idiotic in greek . 
  it means a cool and/or street wise guy . 
  unless the tone is sarcastic . 
  you said it yourself , tge * in * game scamming . 
  in game scammer use the hame itself , with characters they have to create , bios , in game ( retarded ) interaction . 
  with a third party page , you dont need to install the game . 
  and you are forgetting the most major of all , in game scammimg can be monitored by ccp , internet gambling cant . 
  there os nothing stoping the owner of the page from skewing the results on his gain , or as we saw , deal with rmt easier , `` its just winnings , i swear !, 
  me too ... 
  how many times he got blocked by congress again ? 
  while a lot of planet did get in the separist bandwagon for legit reasons as you say , the side was controlled by unethical corporations that wanted to avoid the republics laws and the separist senate was a puppet for pr , and sith that used them and discarded them . 
  pretty much both sides where good as a whole , but both where controlled by evil . 
  even the whole conflict was a sham . 
  wc2 was way better . 
  the industry was advancing by leaps and it shows , from graphics to ui . 
  its definately playable and has almost all basic stuff of a rts like hotkeys and grouping . 
  mind you it still is an old game . 
  as others pointed out , blizzard had releases a sligthly updated version a few years back . 
  not eveb a butterfly , but a butterfly * corpse * . . 
  it is real . 
  milky way is a translation of \u0393\u03b1\u03bb\u03b1\u03be\u03b9\u03b1\u03c2 / galaxy . 
  it comes from a myth about baby hercules and hera 's spilled milk in the heavens . 
  he killed every single main character in the movie except the cop , and he did it without breaking a sweat . 
  pretty successfull movie killer . 
  just the main clara , ignoring the other two died and came back three times . 
  one when she jumped on the time stream , another in the christmas episode and finally with the crow . 
  they are very jarring because they are set up in way that she is really going to die , with farewells , slow motion and sad music . 
  what you are describing is bussiness as usual for the far right . 
  the problem is when the center right starts using that rhetoric to attack the left , trying to get a hold of those voters , but in the end they shoot themselves in the foot by empowering the far right that is already there and waiting . 
  it happened in germany during the 30s , it happened in uk during the referendum and now with the old fashioned republicans that got neutered by trump . 
  it looks it is heading that way with greece also , and i am terrified it will happen with france and le pen . 
  oh i know about that . 
  but our `` fuck you establishment '' vote was tsipras and the referandum , yet the establishment won in 7 months . 
  the problem is that this rhetoric is still thriving , no more than ever since it is becoming mainstream everywhere , and greeks might go for another `` fuck you '' vote ... 
  even if the vp had powers , it would be a constant power struggle that would derail the process . 
  what you wrote does n't make sense .
