  it knows something . 
  its ok !, 
  when i said padawans i meant young adults just before becoming full fledged jedi . 
  well imagine this scenario :, 
  300 men at arms are inside a castle . 
  400 enemies are massed at their door . 
  the ladders go up , but their fort has a superweapon : the insurmountable waist high wall ! ^ ^ ^ tm . 
  alas that doomed the besiegers in two equally dreadful choices , either wait until the defenders starve and brace against an onslaught of french ridicules and rotten cabbages , or lose face , pack and go . 
  and thus carladia was cursed with a series of neverending wars . 
  until one day , a weird guy appeared . 
  he somehow levitated !, 
  and crossed the difficult chasm , leaving everyone in religious awe !, 
  but not only that , he singlehandely massacred the whole fort . . 
  ... and this , kids , is how i became high king of calradia . 
  thats because mailing the rest of the parts of the gun is normal only in the us . 
  everywhere else it would rise red flags so fast we will have a soviet europe by morning . 
  thats why we need new guys . 
  also with uttermost respect , you cant be sure the people from the original trilogy will be here for 5 + years it will take to complete . . 
  is it better than a knife?nope . 
  i am tired of morally gray heroes with morally grey villains . 
  it was nice for the last 20 years but i want an evil dude to be just that , a cool evil powerful overlord-tyrant that 's gon na kill you and your kitten and then eat a sandwich . 
  there are some very very few people like that in real life , that while they might use some excuse for their actions that does not change their deed . 
  i want go for the obvious here ( he is short and austrian ) , but tell me someone who forces child soldier to take drugs and fight how it would translate into a script . 
  i will also like to point that greed for power is a quite common and usual reason to go evil . 
  the emperor should be like that . 
  you can get a 5 inch knife from everywhere . 
  and you can repeatedly attack with it . 
  if you are planning to bring a weapon to a place that has a metal detector , i think you are past the point of intelligent thinking . 
  they boarded ... a train ? 
  seriously ? 
  is that a high school newspaper ? 
  ok you get inside the eurostar with a plastic gun . 
  now what ? 
  are you going to hold the train hostage?are you goin to highjack a * train * . 
  why you would bring * any * gun in * any * train ? 
  very very very specific circumstances to get all jittery there mate . 
  from my point of view we have two situations . 
  we have fortified places that are really really hard to get in , and usually for a reason ( trains are not ) . 
  in this situations , a metal detector is usually one part of a defense plan , that usually involves body checks by armed guards , fast response teams , snipers , etc etc. . 
  i really ca n't see how a flimsy one shot pistol can be usefull here except for suicide by cop . 
  on another hand , we have unfortified targets , usually civilian , like schools or hospitals , were you can bring whatever the hell you want . 
  if you can get a pump action shotgun in there , why the hell would you bring a toy gun ? 
  its not . 
  it would probably be 15 tops as usual . 
  its a super combo of different kinks : incest , threesome , lesbian etc. 
  jesus you know anything happened before the new movie are not discontinued right ? 
  kotor takes place 3000 years before , and it had 0 mention in any movie before or after disney . 
  republic commando same . 
  unless it direcly contradicts the new movies , it is `` canon '', 
  but they old republic games where never canon anyways . 
  they had 0 connection with the movies , it was just the setting the same . 
  so nothing at all changes . 
  it should read : `` congratulations , you won the game '', 
  some of them look like greek . 
  jokes aside , is it possible to eventually use remote components for graphics processing or other ? 
  however it might be eventually doable with better connection?or is there is a cap of how fast something can go through any network ? 
  dear mr puppyblog, 
  welcome to free market . 
  you are worthless to us . 
  once upon a time , you needed thousands and later million of dollars to develop a game , now we have indies coming out of the woodwork . 
  indies that if the `` black holes '' like steam did n't exist would be unknown . 
  the 1 $ price is not forced by steam , is forced by simple supply and demand . 
  now anyone with a laptop and his cat can get his game out there . 
  if it is good , it will float . 
  if it is bad it will sink so fast it will probably look like `` core 2 : the indie that was '' . 
  either get used to the new market or gtfo . 
  sincerely , an unconcerned customer . 
  hey brother !, 
  doctors . 
  doctors are the worst . 
  we are doing good . 
  no netflix in my country , 
  i am in greece . 
  the main problem is pirating . 
  at least we are not dead.yet . 
  well they are going to die off here eventually . 
  i have spoken with my area supervisor about `` digital distribution '' and looked me with a blank stare . 
  right . 
  play an unpatched vampire bloodlines . 
  great game but a bug in a lot of the copies crashes the game about 80 % in the game so it is unwinnable . 
  some people ( not me ) found out that mass effect has a shitty ending that ruined the whole series.that took 3 games to reach . 
  such as a movie can be destroyed by a bad ending ( i am legend ) so a games must be reached at its conclusion to be criticized properly . 
  you should be more angry with people that have 4 hours time and say a game is garbage . 
  that is the equivalent of watching the first 20 mins of a movie and getting up and leave . 
  most of paradox dlc are awesome . 
  if you are complaining about the cosmetic , that cost 2 $ tops then what can i say ... 
   i 've become incredibly unnerved with how awful gamers act, 
  unsubscribe from any gaming threads/forums . 
  you would be surprised how better things are . 
  while that sounds possible , i do n't think pc components companies will roll over and die.and while aaa titles may switch to this , i do n't think smaller companies would be able to support the infrastructure needed for a long time yet . 
  let me guess . . salamina ? 
   ** sulfuric ** acid, 
  you read the part where it smelled like sulfur , right ? 
  edit : i was a wrong dumbass . 
   future love . . more loving . 
  she will probably get raped and killed . 
  envy her . 
  tips to find a partner that enjoys oral :, 
  be clean, 
  be obvious what you like and what you not .
