  on top off the previous , you are a foreign organism . 
  just like in real life with animals that did n't run from humans because they have never met one , the creatures in the planet might not know what to do with you . 
  / r/accidentalrenaissance, 
  edit : apparently op had the same idea . 
   that thing is sapient , maybe not in a way you or i are , but it is intelligent , it understands `` you '' and `` i '' and that the protagonist wants to get off the planet and that they can arrange a quid pro quo to achieve each other 's goals, 
  this does n't sound like something i have met in the game at all , probably because it was added in an update i have n't played yet so i refrain to comment about . 
  the only other `` speaking '' fish i know its the one that `` hypnotizes '' you and its not speaking at all , but causing hallucinations . 
  a wiki page about what you are describing would be nice . 
  now for the `` drones '' , just because the aliens where very advanced does n't mean they did n't make mistakes or faulty structures/machines . 
  i mean the whole game is happening * because * they fucked up and failed in engineering , planning and foresight . 
  the `` drones '' cant even hunt dumb animals properly and extinguish the infection , much less you and your sci-fi contraptions . 
  as for animals that do n't react to humans , its was n't just the dodos but numerous species , and it still happening . 
  real sea predators like sharks and orcas do n't really hunt down or even care about humans . 
  some sharks for example will bite you and then promptly forget about you because your meat tastes bad . 
  ultimately there are n't really many persistent predators * at all * in real life with some glaring and * unique * exceptions , like komodo dragons and well , humans . 
  to me it seems that you got annoyed by something you did n't really thing through and now you are wiling to die in that hill instead of thinking it over . 
  i really like that the commenter described the punisher killing a bunch of people as `` mistakes '' nonchalantly, 
  the separatists that designed and built the droids did n't knew they where been used , so i do n't think so . 
  palpatine could effect the war mostly in the strategic level , manipulating where armies would be , taking over industries and banks , feeding intel on both sides depending on who want to win in a particular campaign . 
  he did n't need to really spend time with individual soldiers battle effectiveness . 
  i mean , droidekas , the heavier droids and the anit-jedi droidswhere pretty much killbots , they simply did n't have the intuition that humans have . 
  if you say that with a good ai droid would be insanely deadly , well yes , but for whatever reason ais at those levels are extremely rare in star wars , probably due to a limitation of the tech the galaxy has available ? 
  and it would be weird if palpatine overtly messed with them when he needed to trick the separatist leaders . 
  te clone chip was almost discovered and the clone creators were in the plan , imagine if one of the separatist leaders discovered that his droids have been tampered with in a grand scale . . 
   if palpatine did n't care about the war ending to quickly or the droids aim then why not just have the whole army made up of droid commandos and drodiekas ? 
   also remember while the seps wanted their freedom they were buying their droids from third parties . 
  because as i said , he did n't built the army ? 
  that the whole point of my argument , he did n't have direct hand , so the armies were build * by * the separatists ( mostly geonosians ) that went full on total war because they thought they where fighting for their freedom . 
   i doubt it . 
  espically when we have evidence of great droid armies in the past like xim the despots or example of great droid assassians like ig-88 . 
  i did n't say they where impossible , i say they were * rare * . 
  most of them where custom built , limited run assassin droids , not massed produced in the tens of millions . 
  i mean , he did n't hamper the combat capability of the other half of the equation , the clones , remember that he wanted both sides on equal footing to grind the war and exhaust the republic and the jedi . 
  also true . 
  what about those that if freed , they would be happy with it , but would probably get out and run when they heard morpheus crazy stories about `` everything is a video game ! '', 
  `` you are a blind dreaming meatbag in a glass egg tended by mechanical spiders ! '' . 
  they try to vet the candidates to those that are already discontented with the fake world , but at some point `` seeing is believing '' is the unfortunate truth . 
  take also notice that from all the thousands of freed humans , only cypher decides he is so unhappy that betrays them . 
  maybe been a human that is rejecting the matrix and seeing it as it is , a fake world with only puppets , is worse that eating goo . 
  the red stripes are back woohoo !, 
  if you are looking for an open world sandbox focused on single player check subnautica . 
  no terrain manipulation though . 
  and how many here ? 
  how many atr/subreddirdrama ? 
  the various ( x ) shitsays subs ? 
  heck t_d should have been banned many times over , but the you lose both its users and those from subs that are against it . 
  reddit is based and thrives on controversy and tribalism . 
  if admins wanted to stump out all the crazy stuff here they could do so pretty fast , believe me . 
  they just dont want to because $ $ and hide behind `` muh free speech '' . 
  i would imagine if they where angry it would be pretty obvious . 
  i am not saying everyone is jubilant , and in every group there are dissidents , but they do n't seem to be that many . 
  i mean it seems the treason of cypher completely took them by surprise , and there are no safeguards at all anywhere , so they see like a society that trusts its people . 
  assuming something without any evidence is pointless . 
  '' *** i *** bet everyone was super happy because they had regular cave rave orgies '' . 
  its pointless . 
  we can only base our assumptiin based ob what we saw on screen . 
  the guy could simply be a complete clinical psychopath that has no empathy , but can mask his feelings well . 
  i mean , its heavily implied that one of the reason he turned was because trinity shunted him . 
  normal , stable people dont kill 5 of their coworkers because one of them doest want to sleep with them . 
  and you and other are ignoring that being in the matrix while knowing that iit s fake might be worse . 
  how do you form relationships when they can be manipulated by the machines ? 
  do anything meaningfull when its fake ? 
  for people in the know , the matrix might be like the living in the `` they live ! '', 
  universe only you have the glasses on all the time , and instead of ugly aliens * everyone * looks like a mindless puppet . 
  its telling that cypher absolutely demands that they wipe their memory so he can frget the matrix . 
  odds are that behind everything it was dr. oak from pokemon . 
  odds are the matrix is the same world as the terninator . 
  we cant go on like this , its futile . 
  that as well . 
  and the truth is not given by morpheus , these people that simply reject the matrix instinctively and start seeing it ( animatrix ) . 
  those person are alone and hopeless , and in constant danger until morpheus shows up . 
  indeef . 
  its actually better that sacrificing adults because you get a much bigger boost . 
  nice to know . 
  ultimately though . . that `` cult '' was right and we cant ignore that . 
  cults are considered bad because they sell crazy fake theories trying to dupe people for power/money/sex , what if a `` cult '' exists to deliver its promises ? 
  if the heavens gate people really left their mortal bodies behind and where taken to paradise by aliens riding the tail of a comet , who is on the wrong here ? 
  you can bet the entire fort nox . 
  ultimately its speculation . 
   think about it , all the options that life gives us . 
  i think you are confusing the fact that the matrix world is exactly the same as our world , when its very ambivalent how far the similarities go . 
   you do n't like the weather ? 
  move somewhere else . 
  you want nice stuff ? 
  work for it or steal it . 
  you have the ability to control your life . 
  you can life in the mountains , at the beach , or wherever . 
  none of these are options to humans in the matrix . 
  everything is artificial , from the weather ( remember the indian girl ? 
  she was the weather program ) to the job you do . 
  there are even indication s that only the ( mega ) might be the only thing that exists in the matrix , the only other location outside of it we ever see are some random mountains relatively close by . 
   i 'm not going to comment on whether i think cults have any validity . 
  well this team that had been called a `` cult '' one is proven that it was valid . 
   how many crew members were lost in the years prior to neo 's enlistment ? 
  its blatant that crew members serve in hovercraft in a volunteer basis . 
  there is none forcing them to leave zion and endanger themselves . 
  i think this is unverified actually . 
  because for most line members and corporations eve is a huge grind . 
  that hulk or gila or shit even that vni destroyed translates in hours of work for a big chunk of the players . 
  and these people will usually not simply say gf and be happy with it , they will simply stop playing , particularly if they are relative new .
