  what rubbed people wrong at the time was the lore was all wrong and it came at the time when people where waiting fallout 3 . 
  imagine if bethesda had released a railroady tactical shooter in the fallout universe instead of fallout 4 . 
  the american revolution ended in good terms in retrospect because of luck . 
  the great powers of the time didnt have the capabilities to project their power and influence the politics since most of them where busy duking it out in other places . 
  the problem is violent uprings and revolutionaries can go either way . 
  it can open a huge can of horrors with no definite good end . 
  schedules started with 5 . 
  a couple of quests include finding people on certain locations and times , probably to showcase the feature . 
  mods that have been adopted officially released by the original companies exist for a long time , hell like some expansions of neverwinter nights 1 . 
  however we dont call them mod anymore because they fall under the same rules in house expansions fall , qa , eula technical support etc. 
  payed mods are not this . 
  payed mods is a huge wave of shit coming over , the equivelent of the shit sea that spans mobile games and moneygrab early access shitbricks . 
  [ meanwhile in the 1600s ... ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d9/iberian_union_empires.png ), 
  mind you , just the frigates . . 
  he would be immediately branded a planted shill the first day of the kickstarter and would become an unperson . 
  conspiracy groups have cult like mentalities . 
  ehh they could more easily tie a high quality camera to a weather balloon and see the video . 
  i believe less expensive and safer . 
  but of course they wont do it or go `` lalala cant hear cant see anything '', 
  yeah conspiracy theorists will not change their opinions based on proof/fact . 
  people need to realize that thoerists brains are `` stuck '' in an endless loop and the echo chamber of their community make things worse . 
  teh set up that exists for breaking people out of cults and supporting them afterwards would probably go a better way . 
  its not even river , its winet . 
  i dont know why thet decided to hide that fact . 
  he said in a fireside that `` all directors have my apis to check how alliances assets and isk are been handled '' . 
  its the day i realised river is a figurehead and sma will never get rid of that aussie psycho . 
  case in point the whole `` winet dropped directorate '' bad joke . 
  goddamit noone answers properly . 
  the hunts you see now are because of novelty . 
  i think you fail to realise how widespread mediums will become . 
  right now poses are all over the place despite the limitations of place points and that require fuel to keep all their timers up . 
  citadels can be placed anywhere ( meaning less friction since people dont need to pos bash to free up a moon slot ) they are cheap and attackers need to come over multiple times to break it . 
  that pos from the 2 man corp that hasnt logged in since 2009 and nobody cares despite having no shield ? 
  replace it with a 3 timer citadel . 
  most of them will simply drop them somewhere else in the system . 
  in due time systems will have dozens of mediums on them and seeing one anchored will be just slightly more juicy target for wardeccers than a miner corp with shiny ships . 
  its actually the reverse . 
  1st generation immigrants , particularly before cheap flights and instant communication became a thing , have an old fashioned idea of the society as they remember it . 
  unless your family is from a small place that has no interaction with foreigners , noone would care , especially if it is a long term relationship . 
  thats false . 
  legally you are free to stay for 90 days . 
  after that you have to register as a permanent resident ( and usually that requires a job or proof you can support yourself ) . 
  afaik they cant deport eu citizens willy nilly , but you can get a hefty fine . 
  also is pretty diffuclt for someone to knwo when you arrived in te country since you can literally drive there . 
  even more badass , in the texts the persian envoy says this line and gets that responce when visiting the greek camp and notices the spartans calmly cleaning and grooming themselves and he tries to unerve them . 
  the spartans are prepering their own bodies * for funeral/death * . 
  hilariously this included combing thair hair . 
  fear of what then ? 
  guilt because they had morals then ? 
  the army was discovered prematurely , so the emperor had to rush its plans . 
  how ? 
  by ordering dooku to execute the protagonists , a friggin republic senator and two jedi in a very public and slow way , forcing the republic to not think and use the army * now * . 
  remember that dooku was a complete pawn of sidius , so we can surely assume the whole neimodian arena thing was actually ordered by him , to start the war and probably give another test for anakin ( who if he got killed , eh , remember that we are talking about the dark side here , he would probably considered a failure and forgotten ) . 
  why the army was kept such a secret ? 
  so the jedi and the republic dont have time to think clearly and simply appear on their time of need . 
  essentially it went like this : `` sir obi wan discovered the clones and the droid armies '' `` oh shit the gig is up , trigger the war asap , do a public spectacle , they need to get fighting so they need the army . '', 
  the game was stacked in every possible way . 
  descent was widely critised for that actuslly . 
   holy shit that 's a lotta cockroaches, 
   prefer to live in dark damp sewers, 
   occasionally come visit, 
   there 's no need to be concerned . 
  for some reason i read that like a monologue frm an intro for a noir movie . 
  especially with a pause after `` blowing it '', 
  '' ( [ byzantine ] ( http://www.dictionary.com/browse/byzantine ) ) sometimes lowercase , characterized by elaborate scheming and intrigue , especially for the gaining of political power or favor :, 
  * byzantine methods for holding on to his chairmanship * . '', 
  a lawyer is payed to write a docent that is constructed as a proper contract ( wording for example ) . 
  you can put whatever you want on it . 
  to give you bettrr example , contract disputes are pretty common for more mundane reasons yet the judge does not immidietely drcides in favor just cause * every * contract is true by definition . 
  if you could sue your lawyer for that there would by litteraly thousands of those everyday . 
  a contract is an official proof of a handshake between two entities . 
  the lawyer is there to provide you advice and make sure your handshake was made properly as required by law . 
  and yet you where wrong :(, 
  well you have definetely something here . 
  are you sarcastic ? 
  please tell me you are sarcastic . 
  galactic civilizations would like a word with you ... 
  they needed thatruces because all the other time the greeks where happily massacry each other for political differences . 
  oh my god reading your comment physyically hurts . 
   warfare among st greek city states was very civilized . 
  warfare amongst city states was far * far * from civilized . 
  coups , assasiantions and total destruction of your enemies was pretty common . 
  a good example is the [ destruction of melos ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/melian_dialogue ) and the sale of all surviving women and children to slavery from the `` honorable '' athenians , an action that it was considered despicable even at the time . 
  to quote the athenians themselves towards the melians , '' * the strong do what they can and the weak suffer what they must * '' . 
   then the spartans showed up , and decided they needed to win at all costs . 
  the spartans where a bit reluctant to go to war at first for various reasons despite ( * totally * legit ) worries that athens was turning the delian league into a hegemony . 
   first with the shame of not fighting the persians in the first invasion , and then being the predominant group to join the nazi security battalions . 
  so spartans did nothing of note the 2500 years from the battle of the thermopylae to world war 2 ? 
  the [ despotate of morea ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/despotate_of_the_morea ) ? 
  what about the 1821 revolution that started and had its first legit wins in peloponnese ? 
   but what i was trying to get across is that greece is n't in the best shape right now . 
  if you are expecting to find a job to found your studies and/or after you graduate it is indeed a wasteland . 
  if you have the cash to support yourself ( like money from parents for example ) its one of the best places in the world . 
  most paces in athens are safe all hours , and only some central areas are shady to walk , and usually after dark . 
  but this is hardly a greek only phenomenon . 
  the paintings wherent made by random people but by another survivor . 
  and the damage done to the facilities can happen in a decade or some not centuries . 
  that eould be evidence then . 
  its waaay more than rocks and dust . 
  the moon has huge potential for fuel , and space construction.the problem is that those require a permanent base and/or advancrd robotics instead of an exploration mission .
