  ] ( http://www.smarksthespots.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/bois_de_la_cambre_park_brussels_smarksthespots_blog.jpg ) maybe call the cafe * if they are available so you do n't get disappointed though , it depends on weather !, 
  * also a nice spot for eating afterwards . 
  not very calm and cliche romantic , at least during launch , but if you went there after sunset it might be better !, 
  [ info page . 
  ] ( http://www.chouxdebruxelles.be/fr/salles-devenement/chalet-robinson/ ), 
  in all these cases , you are limiting the parameters as much as possible to fit your scenario . 
  first of all you seem to think that aliens have the inteligence of base animals , when they consistently shown they dont . 
  both in alien and aliens they know how to hide and ambush ( hiding in the reactor to mask their signatures , `` they mostly come at night '' ) , so the hives arent going to be in random , exposed locations , or they will not scatter about for no reason and whithout being hidden . 
  sattelites will not do you good , yes they have great resolution , but earth is * gargantuan * . 
  most times armies use human intelligence to gather info and then they use sats to verify ( see bin laden ) . 
  as for nukes , are you going to use them every single time ? 
  because even low yield ones means half of manhattan is gone , and it will be terrible for morale and possibly lead to more people keep their mouths shut ( oh some of you neighbors got impregnated ? 
  you better run because they are going to nuke your town ! ), 
  and possibly spreading chestbusters all over the place ( see embola epidemic and anti vaccines . 
  or imagine if they nuke a town/city and some of the aliens * survive * . 
  you can kiss that administration goodbye !, 
  all in all to fight a winning war according to you the aliens have to start spreading in a small isolated town in a country that is either the us or the other big powers ( because if they land in , say , almost every other non nuclear , non western country all this goes out of the window ) , they need not to hide * at all * for the first days/weeks , the authorities need to analyse and identify the problem fast enough to go for the heavy guns , and the aliens * all * have to be all bunched up in an easy to spot , easy to bomb place . 
  because again , if a single one survives in the wilderness , you are going to do this all over again . 
  i find it very hilarious that the far right has the spartans as an ideal society that `` fought the eastern hordes '' , because they ignore that a ) spartans willingly took persian gold to build the navy that won the peloponesean war that ultimately destroyed athenian power , its democracy and `` western ideals '' and b ) they rigid , non intervational society caused them to become outdated and irrelevant just 100 years later . 
  they were actually irrelevant earlier than that , and after they got trashed by the innovative tactics of the thebans ( that phillip took to macedonia since he was a theban captive at the time ) it was the coup de grace . 
  the uncontested domination of the spartans only only lasted for just a bit , seen how athens ousted the thirty tyrants in a couple of years and restored democracy unopposed . 
  their victory over athens only led into a protracred decline of the city states and the breakup of the first unifying force , the athenian hegemony , since athenians seem to wanted a permanent `` empire '' , while spartans only led their coalition to oppose the athenians . 
  all in all they ended as a `` disneyland '' of the `` spartan way '' for wealthy roman tourists . 
  yay ? 
  i think goupil de fol is better for the second date , 
  rip speed . 
  you left this world as you arrived . 
  do give due to miller , he at least used the exaggerations the greeks themselves had or would use . 
  you are assigning modern labels to ancient people . 
   unfortunately , i still have no time to spare for eu4 to vic2, 
  awwww :(, 
  can you pm what it needs to be done ? 
  dont go in lengths i might no be able to pull it off so i do n't want to waste your time !, 
  no i mean he used the * real ancient stories * that may or may not happened . 
  as an example `` we will fight tin the shade '' , `` come and get them '' and the ambassadors thrown into the well are based on ancient sources ( mainly herodotus ) . 
  fermi and his bullshit . 
  space is truly gargantuan . 
  a space civilization could play tennis with frigging galaxies and we simple cant see them because they are outside of our visual range . 
  i wonder uncontacted tribes in the middle of the amazon had or even have the equivalent of the fermi paradox . 
  also the mechanics of the game dont allow for democracies . 
  nothing stops an alliance executor from looting everything and dissolving the alliance if he gets voted out . 
  a prime minister cant do that . 
  ehhh there are so many people dead it doesnt matter . 
  boats and planes still go bye bye in the ocean and we are not sure about what exactly happened . 
  we dont hear about it because they are not a whole plane , the search teams find at least an oil spot or small debris to indicate that they probably departed this world and most importantly , its quite frequent . 
  i had no doubt ? 
  we still dont know exactly where and what happened . 
  also he got killed by a freak incident . 
  the stingray that got are not generally agressive , and hed the extreme bad lick to get pierced right in the heart :(, 
  i would like to point out that the revolutions of either became a reality because the autocratic elite started a global war with their eyes closed to reality . 
  both are about a group of scientists that get wiped out by the weird creatures they unearthed from the ice . 
  nope . 
  do you know when in some poem for example they use `` the realm of death '' to describe lets say a cemetary . 
  realm doesnt mean another dimension . 
  you endangered lives knowingly . 
  maybe not make it so huge in your head ? 
  i mean we are in a discussion where people are thinking suicide because they dont have sex . 
  as in , the physical action , not not having intimate relations with another person , which would be something that i would mauye understood . 
  however , sex is just the first step . 
  relations are hard , true , but you are getting stuck and feel bad for the easiest part . 
  i mean , its like you are training for marathon , you might fail , but you get stuck and fret and get anxious about what brand of shoes you will use the day of the run . 
  also going with a prostitute is not really failing or something to feel bad about . 
  never understood where that idea came from . 
  am i a failure as a human being if i cover my basic need of something like hunger or thirst if i go and buy something already made instead of cooking ? 
  i am sorry but last time i checked people where discussing about * virginity * and sex , not companionship per se . 
  one is not necessarily tied with the other , you can have sex without companionship ( as you said ) but its * also * the other way around . 
  getting sex , even without emotions will at least give some experience with the `` mechanical '' part of the game ( knowing what goes where , how it feels etc ) . 
  fix one goddamn problem at a time . 
   good sex is the one that happens when a woman gives it to you willingly, 
   for some people paying for sex is humiliating , good sex is the one that happens when a woman gives it to you willingly, 
  getting the basics down will help you get that much easier to find good sex . 
   most of everyone else was to me like `` i do n't know what it 's like to have a girl say no '', 
  and that 's bullshit . 
  even if it is true ( i can assure you is n't ) its like the lawyers that brag that they never lose cases , that is a * bad * sign of a lawyer that gets only the easy pickings and/or will bail at first sign of difficulty . 
  almost every single human has doubts , fears and self image issues . 
  they just try to fix most they can ( demeanor , clothes , body shape ) as best they can and hope for the best . 
   its trying to find someone who will love him ( im sure other problems ), 
  he is bundling different issues with different solutions together . 
  sex even `` good sex '' will not assure you will get a `` soul mate '' . 
  far from it as many people find out , sometimes too late . 
  so to get it straight . 
  he has no issue of being a virgin ? 
  he has a different problem all together ? . 
   mostly the lack of sex is a symptom of a much bigger problem . 
  he does identify lack of sex as something problematic though , even a symptom . 
  and you seem to think that i am telling him that sex will solve all his problems , when * i am saying the exact opposite * . 
  it was actially always a succesfull niche of porn . 
  the taboo series during the 70s made a dhitload of money , and we are talking about porn cinemas . 
  i mean , unless you intimately know the other two and they had practice with these kind of stuff , i dont see how you can well organise enough to give equal pleasure to the other two . 
  also logistics , sometimes it gets ankward with two people like swapping positions , kerping up the proper rythm . . now try to organise three . 
  i had a huge bitchfight in another thread about this . 
  apparently most people that have these issues need the whole package , find someone willing to have sex but also offer intimancy and a relation . 
  and they consider prostitutes a failure . 
  i think most times theu habe other issues ( depression most common ) that effects this one . 
  dont know if ever . 
  unless i know the other person didnt get the best experience i cant enjoy it myself so it would be frustating . 
  also not a fucking chance of jeopardising a relationship . 
  its not worth the danger . 
  you can cut a tree with an axe . 
  or with 10 tones of dynamite .
