  i aint trying to whitewash shit here , t3ds are really common indeed , but sometimes the proper ranked fc is not online or the fight is simply too far away to rush there in bcs ( would you be okay to go 25 + jumps to providence and back in a ferox ? 
  i wouldnt , just kill me now ) . 
  i dont know , i personally have never got a lot blueballs while in this alliance . 
  about the nip pact with the goons , i think its going to bite tests ass in the future . 
  they dont have many places to attack/expand , its either north or east . 
  north is a dumb decision ( case in point their present deployment ) so i excpect them to tun their sights to the east . 
  what test will do then ? 
  hmm . 
  i wasnt part of them at that time so i cant comment . 
  in the present fight we sem to hold our ground , despite having an `` exit '' in drf space since i think tri doesnt want sov at all ( ? ), 
   defencive war, 
   captures 5 systems before the enemies even deployed, 
  doesnt compute, 
  co2 has admitted that the war started for a system they claimed it was supposed to be theirs and went on the offencive . 
  co2 had already captured a constellation in feyth before drf+pf ever deployed . 
  you have no idea wtf you are talking about . 
  hey how is that `` do or die we dont care '' mentality is working out for you ? 
  you bet your ass mittens is salivating right now . 
   one joined op, 
  that joinef op was co2 anchoring a staging fortizar in fcons borders with tri supercap cover . 
  i guess it was a friendly roam or something ? 
  sure buddy . 
  now , did you know there are already plans whats going to happen to your space ? 
  you literrally make no sense whatsover . 
  i wasnt thinking proper sov owning , but renters/something to do / fuck co2 . 
  but thus is moot now . 
  understandable . 
  you xan read the pastebin of gigx telling test to go fuck themselves . 
  tri and pets has been all over r/eve the last 2-3 weeks , particularly when knowledge of what was coming with test started spreading . 
  just go with the flow man , when they are in reddit crying bloody murder it means they are panicking . 
  makes their claim they are the `` new pl '' even more sad . 
  why are you eve bothering replying ? 
  just taste the tears . 
  hey !, 
  stop trying to ruin my daily salt intake !, 
  noooooooooooo tri `` elite '' tears best tears !, 
  no you are telling me reasons that are completely irrelevant and nonsensical . 
  6 + years in eve are like 300 in real life . 
  get your head unstuck . 
  not an argument i am afraid . 
  i mean , gigx himself admits co2 was the aggressor because he didnt have any patience to find a diplo solution with drf with test as a mediator . 
  you are not even drinking official koolaid , but the moonshine version . 
  too bad gigx is even more retarded in diplomacy than spartans . 
  no `` athenians '' this time to use their sacrifice for victory . 
  they will just get evicted and forgotten . 
  meh i can live with that . 
  300-400 years ago the us were in war with uk . 
  uk was at war with france . 
  germany didnt exist . 
  pretty relevant stuff in modern times . 
  all these are good , what is annoying is he is whining when they get gangbanged afterwards . 
  if i try to punch a wall to show off , i aint going to cry `` i have been betrayed !! '', 
  for breaking my fingers . 
  because gigx decided to ignore tests wishes and goals and went to do his own thing placing them between a rock and a hard place for no fucking reason than his ego ? 
  tri has no plan at all and doesnt want sov ( as they say ) . 
  co2 and test would had to content alone with the pissed backstabbed russians when tri left , and test would be the ones pulling their weight . 
  is gigx playing dick contests with drf worth test getting evicted and losing all the hard wirk they have done ? 
  pat 's tears best tears . 
   go burning ~ ~ around the countryside ~ ~ trash to keep warm under a bridge . 
  co2 placed test in that position willingly and with eyes open . 
  nobody cares what you have to say . 
  ( soon to be ) highsec dwellers are irrelevant in null . 
  just stop , because it makes your alliance 's leader previous comments about `` we dont care about winning or losing , just pvp '' even more sad . 
  well you are going to get all the pvp you want . 
  yup !, 
  if gigx had at least havent started the fuck up with drf , test could use their diplomatic clout to keep co2 safe from goonies and co as the already have done . 
  for some reason he decided to throw his alliances future to the gutter for a temp blu with tri . 
  i have no fucking idea what he was thinking . 
  tri had enough with sov afaik . 
  would they stick around fighting goonies and drf ( and possibly pl and co ) because co2 merged their shitty war with theirs ? 
  yeah i dobt think tri would put their supercaps on the chopping bloc for gigx eyes . 
  test had an agreement with drf to join them against tris aggresion . 
  test was allowed to use a drf staging system out of the deal . 
  test also brokered a deal with solar and co2 to split feythabolis . 
  co2 was aware of all this . 
  yet they decided to attack solar ignoring test pleas , jeopardising tests deployed fleet in the process , * then * even worse 2 weeks later they light blue tri to attack fcon , placing themselves in the opposite camp from test . 
  lets run down what option co2 and test had . 
  find diplo solution about the feyth system . 
  not attack drf before test finished their deployment, 
  not join forces with tri . 
  test :, 
  nullify all their agreements with drf , at worst finding their fleets staging in a red system , at best just dragging the rest of legacy in a war for tris `` i am bored to death , lets burn everything down including our space ! '', 
  campaign and gigxs `` kill all russians '' `` plan '' ultimately isolating them or, 
  reset co2 , stop protecting them from goons , keep their fleets and sov and be in good terms with the two major local blocs when pl decides to take some vacations down south again . 
  what would you choose if you were test ? 
  i hope it was worth it when you are homeless !, 
  what a cunning retort !, 
  you just made my point . 
  you wouldnt be safe so you wouldnt drop . 
  tri leaks say they had enough with being a sov holding alliance and having a coalition and want to become mercs/nomads/third partying . 
  so unless their supercap fleet gets dunked to hell they are `` good '' no matter tge outcome . 
  co2 only had test to look out for them , and just burned that bridge in the worst way possible . 
  itas not a question if they are going to get shanked , but when . 
  because tri was third partying all over the place . 
  you never knew whe they would appear in the field if they are going to third party , help you , attack you or all of the above ( i have experienced both ) . 
  if you think the south will stay united for a long time you are probably mistaken . 
  but when everyone plays high stakes poker , the imbecile that kicks the table screaming `` neeerdss ! '', 
  gets tossed out of the window asap by everyone . 
  if you think that gamestyle is even relevant anymore you are sadly mistaken . 
  when an alliamce can throw more supercaps on top of you because they can replace them more easily because moons , while you grind burner mssions , you are going to get spanked again and again .
