  but i think the only connection with diablo 's was the mana and health pools on your screen , which where jarringly the same . 
  this is not the game but it looked similar right ? 
  sorry here it [ is . 
  ] ( https://houseofgeekery.files.wordpress.com/2013/03/puzzlequest-2.jpg ), 
  i have used dozens of pc with win95 . 
  your pc had issues if it crashed periodically . 
  i did n't say win 95 where stable as a rock . 
  but crashing consistently every 2-3 hours ? 
  definitely not the case unless there was a problem . 
  you can ask the ued dudes how that worked out for them . 
  oh wait it made them the primary target for every military power in the koprulu sector and almost everyone is dead . 
  there is a possibility that you can have sweets spots inside their atmosphere where the pressures would be * equivalent * with earths . 
  that would require constant flight , and having to deal with other environmental hazards , but it is not as impossible as it seems . 
  that `` s not hard nationalism bro . 
  thats when you wish the best for your country * while * keeping other countries down/taking chunks out of them . 
  nah its really common underlying belief . 
  even most moderates will ( perhaps without actually thing about it seriously ) discuss that we have certain , err hanging issues with that city . 
  of course , in the magical fairy kingdom that we somehow take the city , noone has thought what are we going to do with the 14 mill turkish residents , * 3 mil more than the entire fucking greek population * . 
  for all your mormont needs . 
  because 1 r/insidejorahshead redditor is worth as much as 10 normal redditors . 
  the sas in this case can also be that he ignores that the vast majority of the us population is centered around these areas . 
  he is not even naming individual cities , but entire states . 
  if i said i had visited london , belgium , france and spain , i might not have visited the whole of europe , but i will surely have a good idea of the differences and similarities . 
  or when that secondary two episode character becomes a huge fan favorite , or one of your leads decides to bail after a certain point , or she gets pregnant or or ... 
  we have clearance , clarence !, 
  and possibly lose the * other * person he was ( supposedly ) waiting , you know the one they told him needs a wheelchair ? 
  you have a bunch of dudes that can build a transolar spaceship and infinite cryosleep but a simple light sensor is so advanced to count as a chear ? 
  that game was the on that codified `` early access '' , the random full interactive sandbox maps and greatly changed the streaming meta community . 
  and so many more . 
  love it or hate i , its irrelevant , minecraft influenced the industry its pretty much assured a bold point in the history of gaming . 
  i really do n't want to rain in your parade , but usually grants are not give without any preexisting background . 
  if you are a third party that will take on a public owned project ( like the road you mentioned ) , you usually have to participate in a biding contest with other companies . 
  the companies have to present what background and preexisting infrastructure they have , you cant start from scratch . 
  if you are planning for a private venture that will get funded by public grants , as you assume you want for your own train company , you again have to 1 ) present a study of what you want to do ( so it is considered feasible ) , 2 ) there has to * be * an offer for grants for your specific industry ( grants are usually given to support very specific reasons in a nations economy and the most essential of all , they never fund 100 % of your initial capital . 
  the best grant percentage i think is offered by the european union and it reaches a maximum 50 % , meaning that very best case scenario for every million you need to take as a grant , you need to * have * one already . 
  they specifically say that the appearance of aliens in new york changed everything in luke cage . 
  from what i understand the the incident is pretty much the semi-official title in everyday language , similar with `` 9/11 '' in real life , which is simply a bland date , but everyone know what you are talking about . 
  from one of the treatises about his unfinished tales , he was going to explore the `` darkness/corruption '' motif as something that does n't come from an external easy to identify source ( morgoth , sauron ) but from inside everyone , especially men . 
  in other words he was looking to explore the banal , everyday evil that leads to wars , murders , conquest etc. 
  however it would probably clash tremendously with the style of the previous books , hence why it was abandonend . 
  i believe however that the scouring of the shire is a great example on where he wanted to go , since the hobbits are not corrupted by a magical source but by sweet talking of a powerless saruman , greed and pride . 
  i just watched the last episode yesterday . 
  that shit had potential . 
  [ do n't trust the b -- in apartment 23 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/don%27t_trust_the_b----_in_apartment_23 ) . 
  a fairly meh sitcom s , it got further ripped apart from the network screwing it , ( like they did n't show all the first season episodes and instead they decided to show them randomly in the second season ) but with great potential for more . 
  both ritter and van der beek were awesome , and if it had plunged more in its cringe/malicious humor like its always sunny and office i believe it would have been a hit . 
  oh it definetly had its moments !, 
  however i felt it hadent found its step by the time it was cancelled . 
  for example ritters character was wildly innconsistent , in one episode reaching super villain status in her shenanigans and the other being just ditzy and absentminted and not necessary `` evil '' by design . 
  it wasnt scientific * knowledge * since he * couldnt prove * the damn thing . 
  and he was banished because he was being a dick to a poweefull person . 
  shitty yes , but it had * nothing * to do with science . 
  it would be tha same if he was a merchant or a noble . 
  nah i knew about that , i am talking even in the episodes that where aired correctly . 
  its even worse . 
  for the elves of the third age , middle earth is essentially a post apocalyptic land with their greatest cities and creations either empty ruins or submerged under the sea . 
  only three enclaves are left , and they are bound to be dissolved . 
  their greatest heroes and kingshave fallen and are permanetely in the blessed land or the halls of mantos . 
  imagine if you are a 90 + year old who has lost * everyone * , you best friend , your buddies , coworker , quite possibly even your spouce . 
  she looks like a girl that got caught munching like hell directly from the fridge at 3am and someone turned on the kitchen lights . 
  you described exacly what i was trying to say . 
  it was a very uhh , `` bipolar '' series . 
  holy shit batman!pop ups like it is 1999 !, 
  * her . 
  come on dude , you cant talk about delta wing design and not use on of the most famous [ examples . . ] ( http://i207.photobucket.com/albums/bb139/jpalma_laive/mirage2000e-3c.jpg ), 
  he was focusing on military aircraft but sure !, 
  he almost maimed or killed people . 
  asshole is a bit timid . 
  shelob is still a `` defensive system '' of mordor . 
  they will have been captured . 
  in comparison to mordor , saruman was actively looking , the area was his main military focus so all his army was running around that place , the party was way bigger instead of two easily hidden hobbits and nost importantly , saruman was expecting that move while sauron in his arrogance could not concieve some lord not using the ring but instead given to two random villager that would sneak next door and destroy . 
  the last part is the huge core of the strategy since riverdell . 
  as a matter if fact , sarumab * did * manage to capture two hobbits , and far from his power base . 
  that balrog was just chilling and napping there for centuries minding his own fucking business and people kept barging in unannounced , killing his homies , wrecking his shit and claiming his turf . 
  someone even mutilated his pet octopus , the one he had since he was wee lad in the depths of middle earth . 
  then he got whacked by a septuagenarian murder hobo . 
  man this guy had it tough . 
  well considering that the pirate golden age was 140 years before the civil war , pirate movies are somewhat realistic in that department . 
  from the first time our great - great - ... great-grandparent decided that throwing that rock against that dude from as far as possible is the best idea ever , from english longbowmen wrecking french shit in agincourt to modern day icbms , the basic idea is still the same . 
  the only thing it has changed is the size and how far we can throw the `` rock '' . 
  damn that * is * interesting . 
  man that is some hard sci fi shit . 
  there id a ton of single player things to do . 
  and they have lowered the mmo grinding as much as possible . 
  its not on par with the original rpgs , but if you want to scratch the itch of a star wars rpg then it definetely counts . 
  ofcourse media are biased , they have alwats been . 
  that this bias is a magical force that turns everyone into `` drones '' in the bidding of the liberals is the conspiracy . 
  they released for free 20 year old games . 
  on that account , ks might get released as a freeware in 2030 + . 
  i highly doubt we will ever see a cold war era game from paradox . 
  i have identified three main reasons :, 
  the era was relatively `` peaceful '' . 
  while a lot of proxy wars , revolutions and coups happened that draw the attention of the great powers , they never escalated in something more than a regional conflict . 
  you did n't have us gunning for beijing , nor ussr invading western europe . 
  so you are only left with proxy wars or espionage for conquering stuff if you want to give a proper cold war feeling and not a reskin of hoi . 
  if you go all out ww3 then the game hits another problem :, 
  handling nuclear weapons . 
  the ai in paradox games is notorious , and they still have n't managed to give a good ai experience ( see hoi4 ) . 
  so how are they are going to make it handle nuclear war ? 
  if the weapons are realistic civilization ending instruments , the ai should be able to recognize the proper time for launch , and not end the world because some communist militia won a battle in mogadishu , but * do * launch when the nato armies are one region away from moscow .
