  ) , but if you like tactical games a la xcom with a nice backstory , you should definitely try it . 
  i do n't know if i will consider myself lucky that i found a big cruiser with refineries and assemblers in my first 5-8 hours on my * first * ever playthrough or unlucky because it robed me of the experimentation and exploration phase of a brand new game . 
  its a short that she wears to stop the skirt exposing too much because it is so loose . 
  you can see the pinkish fabric higher than the black band . 
  to me fallout 4 looks like fallout 3 with major mods installed ( modular power armor , wasteland colony ) and some unnecessary speech tacked in . 
  now before you pile up on me , i do n't mind having my character speaking , i actually love it when he is a good written character . 
  however , bethesda games are pretty abysmal in their scripts . 
  i dread what could happen with a speaking role . 
  also i feel the whole `` overzealous ` merica with rayguns '' shtick has been overplayed . 
  i would like to see other stuff come to the front , but with the game set in boston i expect to see a lot of reminders about the revolutionary war ( look how america has fallen !!! 1 ! ), 
  chugged on us in every corner . 
  usually the secondary and faction quests are pretty decent . 
  they really lack in the main story , where it is usually there simply to create an excuse for the world and mechanics ( dragons everywhere!how ? 
  um big dragon is waking them up!why ? 
  um because elder scrolls !, 
  now go kill some lizards to get kewl powerups ) . 
  asshole is the guy that double parks . 
  he was evil . 
  the paper is attached to the `` vehicle '' . 
  the opposing force is thus transferred back into it . 
  its like trying to push your car while you are seated on it . 
  so simple . 
  ehh , i have been on both sides of the coin , depending my mood . 
  even the `` good '' side gets old fast , and the `` bad '' days become more frequent until you either stop or you slob around . 
  or you , know , coke !, 
  wait they had curse blips in fuckign * breaking bad * ? 
  or is this an exaggeration ? 
  it is n't , that 's the point . 
  one does n't negate the other . 
  we get an epic roy vs durkula fight , but when the vampire is about to lose he blackmails roy that he will disintegrate his body so they cant raise durkon ( he is a demon , he does n't care ) . 
  roy hilariously then has to acknowledge banjo as a god and vote no . 
  epic oots moments on so many levels if this happens . 
  i have the notion that the entity that exists inside durkons head is the `` demon '' that gets inside the body when someone is turned into a vampire . 
  even if this not the case , i presume that to complete hel 's plan he will be willing to sacrifice itself . 
  from what i remember , definitely not a lot of months . 
  it was part of the call to arms promotion , so i am guessing 2 months ( ? ), 
  incarna was the point of no return . 
  the devs * always * wanted to turn eve into a seed that will create a multi genre gaming constellation in a shared universe . 
  even after the wis fiasco , valkyrie , dust etc are prime examples of that directive ( but half baked zombies of the original idea ) . 
  the directive that mmos are not simply games , but `` alternate realities '' , a notion deeply ingrained into the 90 's `` digital age '' , when mmorpg and internet started becoming commonplace . 
  if incarna was successful , i am sure ccp had ( has ? ), 
  even full planet walking planned in the long term . 
  however after incarna ccp simply gave up . 
  they where finally taking a tiny step on their dream , but the inaugural expansion became a fucking disaster in every conceivable way . 
  they where defeated and humiliated by realism : keep catering your present customers , because you are not going to be able to pay the bills , much less create something technologically unique . 
  after that , expansions were simply a pack of mega patches , turning into the present state of simply patches , with the `` expansion '' name tucked in . 
  the evolution of eve was stumped , and this is the main reason it is languishing , because its true goal is gone , they do n't know where to go from here and they simply try to keep it alive as much as possible . 
  i know roaches are bad , but do n't you thing human extinction is a bit overreacting for just one ? 
  i could get behind your plan if he sees two . . 
  the appearance of balrogs has been a constant fight among fans for decades bow . 
  do n't go over there . . 
  the whole premise was hinted from the first 10 min of the movie dude . 
  there is a line that his mother had also other miscarriages . 
  this along with some dialogue lines with his father ( who had his abilities ) imply that the people able to travel through time bring bad luck to * everyone * around them ( hence contrived accidents ) . 
  its not an ability , but a curse . 
  the other miscarriages are his previous siblings that did the same ( went back due to bad luck and aborted themselves ) . 
  a serbian film . 
  due to a bit of ambiguity in their book description , a lot of aspects of their appearance is at best vague . 
  a major issue is if they have wings or not . 
  one side claims they have shadows that * look like * wings , others claim they have * shadow wings * . 
  more info in [ wiki . 
  there are multiple magic items gandalf does n't know about , that could have come from multiple sources , like the first elven kingdoms , the numenorians , the dwarves , the valar/maia themselves or even `` simple '' manufacturers that simply built something so great it takes `` magical '' properties ( common theme in tolkiens works ) . 
  he could not imagine the ring was nothing more than something an elven smith from gondolin built to hide from orcs and not the most strong and sought after artifact in the history of middle earth after the silmarils . 
  a ring a hobbit found lying about hundreds of miles from the last reported location of the ring i might add . 
  even then , he still had his suspicions , and asked bilbo to hold on to it ( since shire and the hobbits was pretty much unknown and unnoticed form the big powers of the time except gandalf ) , keep it secret and not use it as much as possible , and he went on to find isildur 's scroll * precisely * on these suspicions and hunted the gollum for years to get more info from it . 
  pretty much decent thinking and with his secrecy he saved the situation , since if he had exposed the ring to the white council , saruman would be on it before it was on the move and out of his reach . 
  as always , you forget the medium . 
  i loved the part after the end of the war in the books , particularly the scouring of the shire , but i hated those parts in the film and i loved that jackson left them out , since for non-book readers it would not add substantial characterization to the hobbits . 
  they have progressed as characters and it shows , whith highlights sam vs shelob , pippin vs theoden , merry vs witch king and frodo the whole trilogy . 
  having them fighting a bunch of corrupted and misguided hobbits would simply get tiresome . 
  perhaps that , but my opinion is in a subcosnious level . 
  he does remarks about this , but after the war . 
  most probably his thinking was :, 
  `` hmm weird ring this one ... could it be ? ... 
  nahh what are the chances !, 
  but on the safe side , i will find more info after i deal with pressing matters like dol guldur . 
  nobody knows about it or hobbits or cares , so i have time . '', 
  of course he * did * lost time until he found gollum with aragorn and isildurs scroll , and by then sauron had also learned about hobbits , and the race was on . 
  i was making an observation . 
  there was nothing in the scouring that was worth * at least * 30 min more in a already big movie . 
  you would have to introduce new characters and/or bring back minor ones the viewers have n't seen for more than three years . 
  the whole thing would take place after the climax of the * entire trilogy * . 
  these things are somewhat ok with books where you can backtrack or read at your own pace , but would be horrible for a movie , that already fatigued a lot of viewers with multiple ending points ( minas tirith celebration , returning to the shire , frodo finishing the book , frodo leaving for the west . . ) . 
  unless you have thought about these and found solutions , no you have forgot the medium . 
  well it sounds like somewhere in germany there are hidden zerg . . prussian drilled swarm anyone ? 
  / r/90sdesign, 
  [ strax is good in my eyes . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fbu6hxaib8k ), 
  they see police like a weird and deadly mix of redcoats and waffen ss while most other citizens are either silent accomplices or active collaborators ( and probably sheep , an evolutionary step beneath them ) . 
  i am ( positively ) surprised there have n't been even more incidents . 
  there was a [ flower ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/silphium#medicinal_uses ) romans used as a ( probably actually working ) natural contraceptive . 
  eh . . overuse . . of the plant made it to go extinct . 
  with immortality everyone can eventually make anything . 
  you need to build a house ? 
  study 50 years and you are a master architect . 
  want food ? 
  study 100 years to became an expert farmer , miller and baker . 
  you can literally make everything youself, 
  by the way in tolkien , a craftsman can reach such levels that his creations take magical like abilities . 
  so that plowed field that could provide food for 10 humans for 1 season , can provide 100 elves for years .
