  and as history has shown , they will reap what they saw . 
  as others said , [ star forts ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/star_fort ) where absolutely a bitch to conquer until at least the 17th century . 
  forts or other fort like strongpoints remained effective up until the 19th to early 20th century . 
  remember that even during wwii they still played a role like in normandy . 
  most of the countries use the same signs . 
  it would be too much of hassle to change them now . 
  its similar with the `` save '' icon being a floppy disk when they are mostly irrelevant now . 
  the only way the uk would stay out of the war would be if germany stayed out of belgium , something improbable since the reality of the `` race to the sea '' . 
  even if catalonia mamaged to win indepedence by force of arms , spain would block their eu candidacy . 
  spain jas said they are ok with scotland joining eu , if they gain indepedence by a referandum approved by westminster , as was the case with the last one . 
  i think socrates was right ? 
  just that nobody cares ? 
  french puns , best puns !, 
  starts as a very very decent mecha anime with a lot of religious background . 
  about 2/3 the run out of money and the creator had/just had depression so the series turned hugely esoteric . 
  the last two episodes are monologues over repeating stock scenes . 
  no , really . 
  the end of evangelion , supposedly the proper end of the series , is pretty much this , only condensed into a movie . 
  starts strong but devolves into esoteric mumbo jumbo . 
  i found the series very pretentious but had a very accurate description of depression ( when they main character is drugged around and he can barely move and stare to nothing ), 
  well tell him he is not far from the truth . . 
  laws against murder sometimes allow murderers to go free , or innocent people to get jailed . 
  sould we disband those laws entirely because `` sometime are not applied correctly ? '', 
  not if the evidence are checked by multiple indepedent sources . 
  inciting violence is a crime pretty much everywhere i think even in the us . 
  the kaiser was a minor emperor get me more . 
  the conspiracies you know have been verified by indepedent sources unside the country like newspapers or outside ... 
  i have been rummaging through conspiracy wacos for years , it my weird hobby . 
  that shit are on another level because they are becoming mainstream ( they see trumps election as a validation of their theories , somehow ) . 
  its worrisome because demonisation/dehumanizing other humans is a step towards attacking them . 
  and i mean literally , not debating . 
  oh no now its even worse . 
  back then workers and poor had some kind of reaction against this namely , unions . 
  these days , especially post-2008m for the first time poor people are accusing their own fucking safety net and * other * poor people that supposedly hold them down for their woes instead of the deregulated banks and big companies . 
  its a fucking win win !, 
  isnt abortion illegal also unless it a medical reason ? 
  thats terrible . 
  however its pretty ironic that people pissed about trump and fearfull that he may make abortion illegal would move to a country that its already like that . 
  reminds me of consercatives wanting to move to canada after obamacare . 
  i am not aware of the situation of the country so i will avoid making any comments . 
  i just knew how the law stands in the present time . 
  they make antivaccers and truthers seem almost tame . 
  what i am saying is that its even worse because the rights ( that exist ) are dismantled with the support of the workers themselves . 
  more clear ? 
  we are not scientists or politicians that take policy decisions , we are a bunch of dudes being enthusiastic about science and space . 
  i am tired of every single thread about a potential new discovery people falling over themselves to be a buzzkill . 
  vapid hype is bad , but so is pessimism . 
  hallucination julie started appearing in tge last episodes no ? 
  maybe she will appear again in the next season . 
  '' ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/b9/f5/67/b9f5671ec35522f8dbfff2f023725aac.jpg ) you damn uncultured frank !, 
  its actually way more modern , i took it from an early 20th century greek poem by [ kostas kariotiakis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kostas_karyotakis ) . 
  it means < god 's will  versus < gods wills it  . 
  its not `` correct '' and i was aware of it , but i think spending time to translate medieval latin to medieval greek for a small joke in reddit would break a lot of nerd meters . 
  something something 1204 something something christians traitors ... 
  in greek history books they generally refer it as the byzantine empire also . 
  in fact they vastly downplay the connection and how slow was the hellenization of the empire . 
  they do n't have the same conotation for sure , mostly because greeks did n't have crusades where that specific phrase has its roots as a motto , but its the closest one . 
  we are also overanalyzing a joke . 
  people that post these comments do n't give a single fuck about europe . 
  they are using this narrative , which they change between `` worry about poor europe '' and `` despising that islam infested hellhole '' based on context , but both come from the same patronizing core . 
  its the same people they call canada `` little brother '' . 
  why they do that if they do n't care ? 
  because it plays in their story what `` blackies '' and `` sandniggers '' ( sic ) would do in the good ol' us of a if they are left to run amok . 
  i hardly think most of them know the name of swedens capital . 
  keep going this feels like a joke volleball game !, 
  a greek one for your collection `` a dog that barks doesnt bite '' . 
  it used when someone is boasting about his power but doesnt follow up . 
  actually a lot of cities that take their trash seriously ( for recycling for example ) have dedicated personel doing the rounds regularly and randomly checking bags . 
  one time they might not get you , but if they do the fines are so big ( 60 for a can of soda for example ) it is just not worth it . 
  and since they are usually the same personel in the same neighborhoods , even if they fail to find the owner of one bag once , they are going to keep an eye out of for the next time . 
  one name in a folder means you are busted . 
  ohhhh `` left wing '' conspiracists !, 
  havent seen those for a while , but i was guessing they where going to make a comeback now . 
  they where pretty strong during the 90s and early 2000s ( they believed x-files was a documentary ) and they were the source of many theories , but unfortunately they got highjacked by the right as time went on . 
  no idea why . 
  nice learning about ny though !, 
  europe actually . 
  but other point out at least for ny . 
  interestngly , dracula , a pretty strong vampire as powers go , could go out at day , just weakened . 
  usually what we remember as a specidic fashion of the day is what it really stood out , usually by artists and such , but it might not have been very common in everyday life that much as you think . 
  i have seen a very high fidelity video of the streets of ny in late 80s ( comon rreddit post ) , and because the image clarity gives it a modern look a lot of times the crowds look like its from the present day , because everyday clothes have not changed that extremely . 
  they will be probably be combined as one war . 
  yay !, 
  capitalism !, 
  or you can just die !, 
  weee !, 
  i have no idea where this stereotype comes from . 
  tha majority of belgians i know , at least in brussels are absolutely normal people . 
  some will be simply polite , some will be cold , and others will invite you at their place for a wine . 
   belgian guy asked me for a cigaret , i gave him one cigaret , he gave me some cents to pay for one cigaret . 
  this is not a belgian thing . 
  i have it eperienced in uk also . 
  and i think it is considered mostly customary . 
  a better comparison is how you can take basic elements , that on surface look simple but combining them can create thousands upon thousands of variations . 
  lets take for example the letters a and b. 
  pretty basic letters right ? 
  what could you possible describe with using just those two ? 
  well if you use them in a binary system , pretty much * everything * . 
  i hope dnd get some heat again . 
  all that negative publicity was a boon for it and we got the golden age of the 90s .
