  i mean both are huge nasty creatures that would not even break a sweat to turn you into a bloodstain . 
  only one of them has bordeline intelligence , enough to create sentimental attachments . 
  what could it possibly go wrong ? 
  just wait when alliances start spamming citadels on an enemy staging point . 
  while distances where short , at the time each city was pretty much its own `` country '' or state , with most of them completely indepedent from one another in matter of laws , political systems , armies etc. 
  that was the reasons there was tremendous wars between each other more famously athens versus sparta . 
  olympia and its games where actually that famous because it was neutral ground so all cities could participate , while local games would be shunned by enemies . 
  plus if you won versus said enemies in the olympics you could rub it in their faces . 
  pretty much like the modern games !, 
  unless op is 7 years old what did you expect the father to do ? 
  block ops eyes so he doesnt see the ladys tatas ? 
  stop the movie ? 
  what ? 
  um you are aware that for centuries poor peoples bodies that where unable to pay for proper burial where thrown to unmarked mass graves like trash , right ? 
  hoover dam was built when things where already changing . 
  mass graves and such where earlier , when the boss had way more powers . 
  if he didnt want to bother you would be out of luck 200 or so years ago . 
  well empathy not , but workers and human rights did got a huge boost during the 19 and 20th centuries . 
  i mean even good mafia flicks show the mob as a criminal , backstabbing murderous group of thugs that got dressed well and lived the high life until they got shot in the head by the comrades and got dumped in a shallow grave or snitched on their `` friends '' to avoid that . 
  i mean , would you like to be in the company of people from goodfellas ? 
  he was . 
  yep . 
  and in the process he feels major righteous fury/assurance hence the major fireworks as it was established in the privious strip . 
  roys dad accidently helped him to harness the swords power better . 
  wait how ... 
  lucky bastard !, 
  yeah but both sides where greedy on that part , and the whole first age was constant warfare and massacres between elves due to those jewels and the greef they caused . 
  so hardly a `` racial '' thing . 
  rains are frequent but days with sun are not rare , so its a bit of a gamble . 
  temperatures are definetely low for summer activities however . 
  you will need at least a light jacket to go out . 
  i read a bit his older posts . 
  he looks like a pro troll , but his backatories do have consistency . . 
  you will not find only her and her friends , but she is is the only one to be there all day everyday . 
  paidakia is lamp dude . . 
  most if not all of greek universities instead of fraternities/sororities have students groups organised based on political beliefs and most even have direct ties with legit political parties . 
  think of them as the `` x '' partys youth . 
  those groups participate in student elections that effect the rule of universities . 
  the proaganda poster op linked is from one of those elections . 
  they also organise dance parties and excursions ( think usa spring break ) for fundraising/vote hunting . 
  mykonos is a very popular destination . 
  they are considered very corrupt and a breeding ground for future corrupt polticians . 
  as for the small churches , a church building and its auxiliary buildings in a lot have major tax and zone exception . 
  in greece and mykonos in paricular this was translated into wealthy dudes building a tiny church in their lot and a villa tha counts as the auxiliarry building . 
  so you have scores of huge villas by the sea all of them with small churches in their lots . 
  tl ; dr he calls mykonos the summer destination for greek corruption, 
  isnt the whole point of the got series that those tactics * dont * work in the longterm ? 
  pissed people and backed in the corner are more inclined to say fuck all and rebel . 
  and in real life history there are very few rulers that kept they rule only with the stick and no carrot . 
  most where either suffered non stop rebellions and/or plots . 
  suzanne eas freaking out because piscatella caused a chaos , but more essentially , the mental scarring from her fight the previous night . 
  both can be tracked back to the guards , piscatella and mcc . 
  its not just old people , its a specific type of people with a specific style if dress and mannerisms . 
  it was also a joke . 
  my thought also . 
  i think it would be a venice type of terrain , only in a much bigger size . 
  if it was inland versus by the sea then a lake would syrely had formed with one or two rivers origijating from there . 
  aethelstan was a true story . 
  i think people being against guadanamo are mostly on the `` we dont want to become what we fight '' crowd insted of `` oh poor terrorists need a bubble bath '' . 
  there are some stuff that are canon from kotor thu. 
  korriban , the old republic logo , and i think eitjer manaan and its species or ithorians . 
  that leaves the rest in a grey area . 
  the planet was called korriban until the last moment when it was changed by lucas . 
  however it was refered also as korriban in one of the new materials . 
  even if it is not an original kotor creation it appears exacly like it appeared in the video game . 
  along with the old republic logo and mannaan it pretty obviously * copyed * by kotor . 
  also there is something that looks exacly like a sith ghost in clone wars . 
  the canon is grey in this because for now there is * nothing * in place of the old republic . 
  the new creators seem willing to take bits from it . 
  until something official contradicts it , which admitetly it could happen , kotor storiez could be appear in some way . 
  the discontinuity exists mostly as not to limit the creators, 
  i have no idea what you mean . 
  the only sith ghosts that existed in kotor existed in korriban tomb and those also have appeared in some form . 
  so its good teens commit suicide when they are shunned by all ther peers ? 
  if not , what is the cut off where ending your own life because of peer pressure becomes a bad move ? 
  can you give meone good example where suicide is a valid option if you are shunned ? 
  and yet alot of nazi affiliates kept gping good after the war for example . 
  there are examples posted here for example . 
  he is full of shit . 
  even the ranks he is mentioning are made up . 
  also crashing a fucking 747 through almost all the support beams has nothing to do with it . 
  this is an old post , but i would like to pitch in and say that i had the exact same idea . 
  i was very dissapointed that they didnt went with this , especially since it would subevert the whole `` evil machine overlords '' that has been a staple fo scifi and how it would fit with the themes of the movie about souls . 
  but no we got soul bacteria in the skyy . 
  not if you understand what happened and a lot of people dont care to or cant . 
  the planes cut a lot of support columns , and weakened the rest by the stress/temperature . 
  after most of them failed , the top floors dropped on top of the rest like a hammer and collapsed them like an a domino . 
  hence why the towers didnt `` topple '' but fell almost straight down ( and that caused all the `` controled demolition '' shit by truthers ) . 
  unfortunately , it is possible if the planes had hit higher up the weight of the top floors might not be enough to bring everything down . 
  but that goes into someone more experienced about buildings . 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mnw1wgw.jpg ) photo will help visualise how the towers where less sturdy that they seemed . 
  tbh i dont think even the attackers expected to completely destroy them . 
  he had confirmed himself . 
  in the making of video for dreamcarcher he says he takes mundane terrors of real life and turns them supernatural . 
  the shitweasels from that movie for example are based on how a lot of people find something is wrong eith their health in the bathroom ( blood in stools , lumps in your body when showering etc ) . 
  and i am still temptress . 
  goddamn greek surnames . 
  i think teh only valid house rule from thse you are angry with is the `` dont buy in the first round '' . 
  if i remember correctly from an article that gave major details about monopoly , whoever buys certain locations first ( i think the most expensive or the second most expensive ) had a huge startup due to how the board is set up . 
  essentially the first rolls can define who wins and who loses .
