  awesome . 
  so now we know why roy lost his sword . 
  so half the party can hilariously roast him pretty hard . 
  argentina had a failing military dictatorship . 
  they decided to contest the country 's old claim to the falklands by invading , to soar support for the regime , not expecting the uk to respond in any meaningful way . 
  however at the time the uk under margaret thacher was also under domestic political pressure , so they responded and stomped the argentinians in a show of force , despite naval loses to exocet air to sea missiles . 
  the argentinian regime collapsed , while thatcher won the next elections . 
  the end . 
  yup !, 
  if you have time read about her , she was pretty influential ( for good or not , pretty controversial figure ) . 
  i have to say that elizabeth doesnt hold up that well anymore . . 
  the music , `` romantic '' plot and secondary casting is glaringly something out of the late 90 's / early 00s . 
  if you are completely new , i think you can do the career agent missions ( press f12 to find them ) . 
  they can be done with a rookie ship , but most importantly they give free ships at the end that you can use/sale . 
  i actually used this knowledge to win by using one single coin . 
  i was having a coffee with my fiance , and i noticed a bunch of kids have been playing for a while without winning . 
  after they finally got frustated and left i got up , stolled there , won a plushie and strolled back like a boss . 
  you win one point . 
  he posted daily mail . 
  no because everyone will prefer to join the megacoalitions that have nips and be done with it . 
  people tend to gravitate in the safest most profitable way , and unless ccp wants to force it in a heavy handed , `` no big alliances period '' rule , it will always be the case . 
  so when a change is alwaus discussed always ask , `` how people are going to abuse it as much as possible to krab like hell ? '' . 
  if they are forced to have to choose between small roving bands than one day have space then they dont , or megahuge coalitions that share sov as a cartel , they will always choose the second , and groups that they dont they will simply get wiped by the blob . 
  this is already the case because nullsec is a huge hassle , it will just be made worse . 
  pl was never a lowsec entity in its core . 
  lowsec entities usually have no chance against null empires and/or dont care as it is . 
  the real question is , is that rate abnormal or typical of the industry ? 
  because those changes might be normal , but in sc you notice because it is public . 
  but there are also time that devs can get overboard , like in duke nukem where they had almost finished the game a couple of times only to scratch everything and fucking start over because it was n't `` cutting edge '' . 
  you were a teenager . 
  those things are normal . 
  the problem is we are talking about people in their 20s or even 30s . 
  one typical `` incel '' type already had gone into a murder/suicide spree . 
  and these fucks consdider him a hero . 
  the terms come from two pills that are given to the protagonist of the movie matrix . 
  roughly explained the red pill will cause him to wake up and see the whole truth about the world hi lives in while the blue pill will cause him to forget anything he had learned so far and go back to boring living with the rest of the normal , mundane people/slaves . 
  the `` truth '' in the movie is that reality as we know it is a computer simulation intelligent machines use to enslave humans . 
  the `` truth '' in that subreddit that being a decent hardworking guy will make you a slave to women that only look out to get as many cocks from `` chads '' as p0ssible until they marry a loser to use him for the money/get alimony ( and still get cocks ) . 
  its pretty typical and banal mysoginy with a bit of millenial paint applied . 
  this is exactly what i said ? 
  man that was just sad . 
  i think probably the army used drones way before they become common to appear in a scifi tv show . . 
  its really `` too soon '' when the catastrphe is in progress : /, 
  i had some ideas about forcing isk in the form of lp sites that can be drained from both sides of the conflict but apparently it was to complicated :(, 
  thank you , 
  problem is most corps that wardec only go after soft targets that give easy kills . 
  til splitting the chores is sexist . 
  maybe it is a flanders thing , but i have never experienced that in brussels . 
  i had belgians smiling at me passing in the street , some friendly banter sometimes ( like when you try to enter the same metro door and both stop , then start then stop then jokes are made ) . 
  heck i have belgians come to us and start chatting in the freaking bus station or the bus itself . 
  sorry but the austrial gal sound rudiculus . 
  what exactly did she think being a `` girlfriend '' is ? 
  i think it depends on the `` level '' of realationship and the specific people in each case , and its not a cultural thing . 
  and i dont see couples pooling their money for anytging more serious than a drink out unless they live together or they have been together for quite a bit of time . 
  and i not belgian . 
  but the people where belgians , and not in the inner city . 
  and i have been welcomed in other places as well . you cant say hargimont or march-en-fammene are `` international '' now can you ? 
  i have an american friend from one of the south , more conservative states . 
  his wife is busting her ass at work to provide . 
  she is just lazy . 
  hmm fair point . 
  i really like you did n't copy pasted your aaaaaaaaas . 
  feels legit i guess . 
  just search for `` america fuck yeah ! '', 
  videos . 
  monarchy in general has caused huge problems to the country since indepedence , so any politician that has any appearence even remotely close to it wpuld probably not get a vote even from his own mother . 
  as for trying to connect with the byzantine empire directly ( like how erdogan is trying to do with the ottoman empire ) would make him seen as a ridiculous baffoon . 
  the only ones that keep byzantine cultural and historical connections in broad daylight is the orthodox church , but mostly because it has direct continious history since then . 
  the empire evolved into a distinct greek civilisation , especially after losing most of the other regions like egypt and italy , and got confined into areas like the balkans or anatolia that had uninterupted greek culture since the antiquity . 
  calling justinian a greek is perhaps wrong , while constantine palaiologos would definetely count as one . 
  its similar with how norman kings are seen in england , they where outright foreign invadors but they morphed into the modern english as time went by . 
  i have no idea what the heck you are trying to say . 
  have you tried any of the paradox titles ? 
  just because he wrote a long cimment diesnt mean he is right . 
  he is actually very very wrong . 
  the ere survived for 1000 years . 
  saying it was a greek empire from the start would be false , but by the ck2 timeline it was in the process of becoming something else , uniquely greek without sheding the roman heritage , particularly in political matter . 
  its like the norman invasion of england and the anglo saxon kingdoms . 
  modern english consider both peoples part of their nations history , even if a contemporary anglosaxon would consider the normans alien invaders . 
  same . 
  it completely destroyed a vast amount if fun i got from civ and total war . 
  are you high or sonething ? 
  you really dont make sense dude . 
  i think nightclubs would be horrible in this case . . 
  reminds me the unfamous [ disney memorial orgy . 
  also it is communication . 
  it says `` we are here and we are paying attention on your plight , even if we cant do something about it immiedietely '' . 
  and now we went all full eurocirclejerk looking like ustards . 
  the moon landing was a scientific , cultural and political achievement . 
  +2 years for some reason . 
  i personally like the second layer , abd it makes sense to be honest . 
  if the second layer has few evidence , the humans being cyborgs have even less . . 
  righhht ... 
  please . 
  keep going . 
  no sarcasm . 
  i think we have a different definition of `` cyborg '' . 
  for me it means changing a piece of your body specifically to enhance it . 
  according to you any metal object in the body not only makes one a cyborg , but it also implicity gives special powers , even of there is 0 lines in the story supporting this . 
  while one the otjer hand , we * know * the entire `` zion '' and `` one '' are machine constructs designed in duping the human to be free , when in reality thry actually help perpetuate the slavery by acting as a safety nrt for malcontents .
