  i think the word you are looking for is `` opportunistic '', 
  ahh our civil war , the opening shots of the cold war and one of the first cases where the us intervened to help a failing colonial power to keep its puppet against the reds ( sounds familiar ? ), 
  and absolutely nobody remembers it . 
  not even in greece . 
  just to make something clear : the guy was interested since she was * 10 * , not 17 as the misleading title ( you suck op ) and photo imply . 
  edit : the offer was made now , but he stated that he was interested since 2008 and stopped dating since then for her . 
  did you even read the article ? '', 
  `` i got interested in her in 2008 . '', 
  yeah and i specifically proclaimed that in my edit with huge letters . 
  and that changes * what * exactly in the narrative ? 
  `` i got interested in her in 2008 . 
  as a matter of fact , ** i have n't dated anyone since and promise to be faithful to her ** . 
  i have shared this with my family and they are willing to help me raise the bride price , '', 
  `` love of his life '', 
  these statements for a girl that was 10 year old when he noticed her . 
  are you saying this is ok ? 
  can i fall in love with a 10 y.o , proclaim it to my family but because i waited 7 years for the proposal its ok ? 
  because this is what you claim simply trying to be a contrarian . 
  you do realise this is pedophilia under the strictest terms , right ? 
  dirty word ? 
  i thought `` paedophilia '' is the medical term and describes the attraction of an adult to a pre-adolescent child ( even if he does n't act upon it ) . 
  if he does , it is called `` statutory rape '' . 
  he literally said he loved her all this time since she was 10 . 
  is n't your argument that an adult taking notice of 10 y.o and falling in love with her is ok , because he waited until she was 17 to actually propose ? 
  you need a better padlock for your cellar . 
  that sounds like a high fever hallucination . 
  run the story with your dad again if you have n't . 
  while this is probably true ( and more probable is that he seeks media attention ) he still is claiming things ( love ) that caused the drama . 
  the article and this thread are implying that the drama started because he proposed to a 17 year old . 
  this is completely false , the drama exists because he stated ( true or not ) that he has romantic feelings and planning their wedding since she was a child . 
  ohh i was n't aware . 
  trully thank you for your comment.is those cases famous in the us ? 
  sounds you had a lot of imigination as a kid ... 
  i googled the name . 
  yeah i know the case . 
  again thanks for your message !, 
  ehh while i agree with you that is still creepy . 
  however the title of the post is still wrong because the comment drama is for his remarks about her when she was a child not because he proposed now . 
  this is what i try to clear up . 
  the title should be something like `` paedo drama about a guy who claims is in love with obama 's daughter since she was 10 proposed her '' . 
  this could be a mercenary expantion . 
  this sounds a lot like the mercenary camp proposal someone posted about a month ago . 
  til i am brown . . 
  while i can see turkish , albanian and bulgarian , particularly in the mainland areas , romanian and * african * is a bit of a stretch . 
  since he claims he stopped dating since he noticed her to keep himself for her , old enough . 
  ooohhh you must be new here . 
  there is at least the case where a lot of people congratulated a repeating rapist `` for his courage to share his story '' in a fucking anonymous forum . 
  like literally his stories how he repeatetly raped various girls . 
  we have mods doing amas in hardcore nsfw subs about how rape is actually something good for the woman . 
  and i am neither a subscriber to very niche nor very popular subs.i ca n't even fathom what is going on there . 
  well there is one particular observation who will collapse the quantum state of the jew and give us a certain measurment for a specific point of time . 
  it includes penis observation . 
  this is probably fake . 
  you do realise these usually live inside the house , right ? 
  3 years . 
  still waiting . 
  fuck bioware and its points . 
  its bioware itself that doesnt allow the dlc to go on sale not ea, 
  blame the antimasturbation nutjobs who propagated the myth that circumsition curbs the sinfull sexuality of teenagers, 
  one division ( bioware ) is not alway in cahoots with another ( origin sales ), 
  byzantine was never used at the time . 
  it is a name created by historians a. 
  for centuries everyone simply called it roman and its citizens did it until the end and when west christianity split they eventually called it empire of the greeks to minimize their claim to the roman legacy that was also claimed by the catholic holy roman emperors ( that also did n't control rome , and later almost no part of the historical roman empire ), 
  as far as i remember no . 
  you can search for it if you want , it is rather old but infamous . 
  well thats the whole point . 
  not op but i guessing at least sword of islam and old gods ( plus their fluff dlc if you want ) so you can play all factions . 
  since looting is such a great point of m&b he should allow it for all new religions and that requires dlc . 
  well most mods require some dlc and except old god the others are easy to get really cheap . 
  he can create something that doesnt need dlc ( the game of thrones mod has a lot of custom mechanics to make dlc optional ) but the time and work needed is too much in my opinion . 
  mind i remind you that the first ever interaction you can have with the bos ( fallout 1 ) is to send you on a fools errand in a heavily irradiated ruin that had already claimed a full paladin squad , for no other reason than to get you of their lawn ( filthy peasant ) ? 
  try the open vegas mod with, 
  busy casinos to see what the devs wanted new vegas to look like . 
  it feels a huge city , way more dynamic and alive since any bthesda game ever . 
  and i was a huge skeptic while i was installing them . 
  the need to lower the required specs and slashed dev time led to what we have now . 
  i did n't forget , but this happens after you bust your ass to prove there is a mutant army that can wipe them out and probably destroyed the leader in his lair singlehandely in the process . 
  they are on par with the counsil from mass effect in narrowminded assholery . 
  rip ? 
  we are still here ... 
  but if you have a military grade assault rifle on you next time someone goes on a shooting spree you can take him out easily youself even if you had minimal training shooting logs with your beer buddies and then all the liberal bitches will love you and want to be your housewives and you will get a medal from the governor ( not from the president because you will be an nra hero that stopped the fed jewry communist schemes to pry the weapons from god blessed true americans hands ) . 
  edit : if you dont like my eloquent sarcastic remark , do n't blame me , blame the people i am making fun off . 
  what is your point ? 
  yes can you please explain your cryptic one-sentence comment that totally made sense in your head . 
  really ? 
  no issue man . 
  i actually edited because of poes law ... have a nice day !, 
  you have been selected as a candidate for the most sterotypical reddit comment , may 2015 . 
  they are not sexualized depending on context . 
  you will not freak out if you see a woman with a bit of exposed bossom , but there where ( and still are ) places that this is considered naked . 
  however , the nipples are a sensitive area despite culture . 
  they are still used during sex everywhere . 
  there is irony in multiple levels towards sterotypical consrvatives , how sterotypical liberals expect those conservatives to sound like and ofcourse making fun of snarky reddit comments that try to make complex issues sound simple with a lot of juvenile sarcasm and strawman arguments that usually get gilded because they are so easy for everyone to feel `` in the know '' . 
  '' the joker was a just a bank robber in the dark knight , boring ! '', 
  this is a similar comment . 
  technically true , but misses 99 % of the plot . 
  i think you are overstating on purpose , but a million to one is essentially impossible to happen in normal human times . 
  `` republic '', 
  or thetroll hills is simply the name of the place , maybe because there is a hill looking like a troll from a afar . 
  you can do whatever you want in your campaign .
