   he lives in a huge ass fancy house . 
  that house was built after he turned criminal . 
  it sounds like you wanted teh cartoon with live action actors . 
  that would never happen . 
   plus why did they make it seem spiderman could n't do anything without ironman 's help ? 
  spiderman is intelligent and clever , he knows how to plan . 
  ** they made him a useless kid . 
  because he is a kid ? 
  he is * 15 * . 
  even considering the mistakes he does in the movie he is still leagues above his peers . 
  its not either that . 
  her logic probably shut down completly . 
  i hardly think she would remember anything at all if there was no video . 
  the internet has turned into one huge echo chamber with targeted content suggestions . 
  i frequent subs that are making * fun * of far right and reactionary online groups , with regular links to such content . 
  however the result is , if you checked my suggested videos , articles and even ads you would believe i am a full fledged neonazi , because it is a self feeding mechanism . 
  reddit has absolutely no standards or content control , and it really doesnt care , hiding behind `` muh free speech '' . 
  rapists , mysogynists , racists , drug dealers , everyone is allowed to post as long as they dont raise a stink with advertisers . 
  i was of the same mind , but unfortunetly this is not the case . 
  just dwell a bit in communities like conspiracy theories , `` alternate '' medicine etc and you will see that due to a ) the huge amount of data and b ) no oversight at all , plus the ease of access , means the internet has become a cesspoil of snake oil salemen , half truths and astroturfing . 
  `` peer review '' means nothing when anyone can slap a `` dr. '' next to their name online , or make a news webpage that adheres to no journalistic standards whatsoever , or even a `` scientific '' journal that only reviews mumbo jumbo ( like the creationists and vaccine deniers * already * have done ) . 
  coupled with the aforementioned `` echo chamber '' driven by commercialism that bombards you with material that continiously feed your preconceptions and most people have no escape . 
  you start with the misconception that most people are bona fide sceptics . 
  this is not the case . 
  i salute your optimism , but i imagine you are new to the internet . 
  unfortunately it will pass . 
   north korea, 
  blocked information and information so vast you can not be sure what is truth is effectivelly the same thing : no information at all . 
  personal attacks ?!, 
  i thought we where discussing , you thought i care enough to * attack * you . 
  but nope , i really dont care about you or your opinion . 
  yup, 
  i am only staying logged because i have found a great group of people to play with . 
  we have been looking for anither game to try but alas , nothing is as sandbox or complicated as eve . 
  there are official reports in the net . 
  ccp has benn in the green . 
  i think you and tge other guys sarcasm got caught in a crossfire . 
  just fyi next time , the most intresting things happen between 12pm and late evening . 
  the fire works show is quite late in the day for some reason . 
   the restaurant has to make up the difference . 
  i see multiple comments here that this would result in your termination . 
  so why not go up to your boss directly and simply demand minimum wage and be done with it ? 
  the village was not in the material plane , but probably one of the celestial ones . 
  this is heavily implied because we have * never * seen any god appearing in the prime material before or since . 
  those people are dead , and surtur is eating their souls . 
  gods and demigods are free to interact directly between their realms , just * not * in the prime material plane . 
  attacks of evil demons and gods in different planes are a staple in dnd , for example , demons and devils recruit/abduct souls from the plane of the dead in forgotten realms to expand their ranks . 
  just no . 
  austria went to war against serbia after asking if [ germany will give its full support ] ( http://mentalfloss.com/article/57608/wwi-centennial-germany-gives-austria-hungary-blank-check ) in case the war escalated . 
  germany and austria were definetely the aggresors in this case . 
  but then you can get glancing shots . . 
  while what you say might be true , it still was the austrians with german backing that pulled the trigger in plan to grab more land , despite the fact that serbia has given almost anything up that was mentioned to the ultimatum . 
  austria has no need at all to invade serbia , neither germany invading belgium . 
  they started the war , no matter the reasons or excuses . 
  and yet none of those actually sent ultimatums or invaded a sovereign country . 
  what is your point ? 
  were austria and germany * forced * somehow to invade ? 
  i think he is asking for total system wipe . 
  i think he confused eve with rust or someother trash game . 
  this definitely sounds like an idea for a monty python sketch . 
  you do realise greece did not go bankrupt right ? 
  yeah but the the first person she banged goes to say , uk . 
  he either has sex moving up the chain or he gets killed , but the it will have to walk all the way back to thailand ... unless midway the thai hooker fucked an australian guy so now it has to walk there and then * back * to thailand etc etc, 
  `` oh come on billy , dont be such a girl , its just a scratch ! '', 
  there . 
  now it is perfect !, 
  the point is that the train ticket is always 14e * while the airplane ticket varies extremely . 
  ** op also `` forgot '' to mention that the ticket is half during weekends and national holidays . 
  tl ; dr op is a bag of sticks, 
  i am trying to become more belgian , i have to complicate things more do n't i ? 
   i thought sharing this information would make it more amusing for others who may not be aware of those facts . 
  i just wanted to tell you that yes , it did make it more amusing . 
  also do n't feed the troll , he fucked up from being a reddit smart ass and he is doubling down . 
  eh he is doing the `` i will deny/twist anything forever until the other party is exhausted '' argument . 
  its fairly common in reddit , by now i just give up immediately when i recognise the signs . 
   i mean hell , it 's some sailors flipping over . 
  unless ... unless he is a midshipman !, 
  yeah but that `` brain '' thing allows us to glass the whole planet in a matter of hours or drop a gaddamn asteroid on it if we wish . 
  doesnt sound that lame to me . 
  usefull no , but * cool * on the other hand . 
  when someone is in his teens , his body and brain are not 100 % adult , and that has nothing to do with intelligence , or organisational skills . 
  the good and unique qualities of peter parker started to show on the last third of the movie after he started `` growing up '' both as an person and a superhero . 
  it is essentially a superhero origin story without going throught the whole `` i got bit by spider , i can climb walls !, 
  how do i call myself , manspider ? '', 
  thing for the third time in 15 years . 
  if peter is still a child in the next movie he appears then yes i will agree with you . 
  but we have seen consistent character growth in the mcu , so i doubt it . 
  no i imagine for making jewels and such . 
  it was a nice looking , rare * and * easy to work so it became what it is . 
  * decades ? 
  * money have been used for thousands of years . 
  their use has n't changed much . 
  and i agree with him ? 
  no they had other metals . 
  but gold for being seen as a `` precious metal '' was preferred because it was in the sweet spot i mentioned earlier . 
  from wikipedia :, 
  `` historically , the value of gold was rooted in its relative rarity , [ 9 ] easy handling and minting , easy smelting and fabrication , resistance to corrosion and other chemical reactions ( nobility ) and its distinctive color . 
  [ 10 ] as a precious metal , gold has been used for coinage , jewelry , and other arts throughout recorded history . '', 
   the other is two idiots dancing in a field in front of 40 people . 
  okay so next time a dude cries because he lost in any amateur competition its cringe because they where n't part of :,
