   the guys in the scooter . 
  what does that have to do with eve and p2w ? 
   in these games no matter how good you were , or how hard you grinded , you could never compete with the people that bought the real money items . 
  man you are not the sharpest knife in the drawer , are you ? 
  do you realize someone can fork a couple of hundreds and get into a capital in day , while a regular new player has to wait at least , what , 6 months just for the * skills * ? 
  oh and before you trot `` hur dur they are going to die '' most people are not idiots , they can read a frigging wiki at least or ask someone in game to explain the basics . 
  i know at least three random dudes that are flying a friggin 1.5 bil ship in nullsec after their first week , and they are perfectly fine . 
  just because the item/ship is not entirely blocked the time needed to unlock normally is so great it nullifies any argument . 
  as a matter of fact these days , the vast majority of p2w have all times available for all players supposedly . . but locked behind endless grinding or simply luck based `` boxes '' . 
  in my example , you and me are the guys that walking while the others are taking the fucking highway . 
  and you see no difference because everyone will reach his destination * eventually * amirite ? 
  this is a freaking deathtrap if i 'd ever seen one !, 
  sure buddy simply keep repeating that and it will make it true . 
  i am in the same boat as you . 
  however we mind find ourselves a low caste if the marketing and new systems keep going further . 
  heck we might already be from my experience . 
  fermi paradox assumes a lot of stuff for the shake of assuming . 
  first , it assumes that intelligent species expand uniformly , when in reality most life on earth usually clusters around the best possible habitat usually . 
  and the iniverse is friggin huge . 
  this means we might simply be in a remote part of the galaxy . 
  just because an amazonian tribe doent know about the us doesnt mean new york isnt there . 
  second it assumes that life * has * to appear aeons ago and reached a level of technology neccesary to be detectable . 
  there might be millions of aliens civilisations out there , but they havent reach the point we can detect them * yet * . 
  or we arent but space is fucking huge . 
  amongst the other answers they have given you , that simply didnt happen , i will try you give some lore friendly hypotheses . 
  when the eve cluster was colonised , a lot of terraforming went on ( see caldari lore ) . 
  so all these planets we see now that are earth-like might be the ones that completed the process , but the local colony was either never constructed , was simply lost in the thousands of years since then or joined an empire after they got in contact again , and simply got absorbed . 
  additionaly , most of the planets you see in the game are not empty , but are in facted inhabited ( planetery interaction chronicle ) . 
  the terraforming process could have beem initiated ir completed later by one of the empires or independent entities . 
  finally most of the cluster was under total human control during the colonisation process . 
  they might have found an alien civilisation and wiped them out by design or by accident , and the knowledge was lost . 
  there is no definite canon answer if you are looking for one though . 
  i think the question is not even posed . 
  however , i would like to point out that jovians and drifters even if their origins are human , for all intents and purposes they are alien in both body and mind , diffetent species . 
  and if earth and terrans are still around and kicking , they probably have reached cthulu levels by now . 
  if the eve gate ever reopens and they come back , everyone on the eve cluster will be wiped out in a very short order . 
  its a rick and morty reference . 
  they dont need to . 
  your hunger for a big sweaty cock will increase the more you see hollywood movies and drink fluoridated water . 
  and if you dont watch movies and drink your own infiltered rain water , the chemtrails will get ya !, 
  every single minute in almost every situation we are spammed by thousands of adverts and we have learned to live with it . 
  this is a personal project that seems to be made with love , given for free . 
  let him spam i say !, 
  any image of an angel becomes an angel . 
  even if every single assumption is true for some reason , the fact that he lived is irrelevant . 
  being dead or being an obscure old guy without any power somwhere in argentina is pretty much the same . 
  the new eden colonies regressed due to getting cut off from earth before becoming self sufficient except ( mostly ) the jovians . 
  unless the eve gate closing is linked with a completely unknown threat or calamity that somehow broke an already established interstellar nation , we can assume they where left unscathed by the gate closing . 
  considering what jovians are now , terrans will not be human by any metric . 
  ehh considering how obscure and niche the game is , he really needs to overdo it to say he crossed the line . 
  so far this os the first time i hear about it , and i am in reddit daily with similar subreddits subscribed . 
  i would guess a burst of posts ever 2 weeks and every update is fine with me , with mod approval , at least until his sub gets traction . 
  may i suggest a name change then ? 
  `` warsim '' sound generic as hell , like a semiobscure third person shooter from the 90s . 
  same thoughts as well , but it also reminded me `` hip '' shooter names from that era , like '' [ deathdrome ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deathdrome ) '' or '' [ outwars ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/outwars#reception ) '' that where also pretty generic and non descriptive . 
  well that explains a lot . 
  so the russians claim is weak because they only got a claim matrilineally , that was at least recognised by russian and european laws , but the turks have the same or more legitimacy because essentially a hostage awknoledged them ( and they have been hostages since 1453 , even today ) . 
  the city that was formerly known as rome , that they completly depopulated and looted to the ground . 
  remind me when constantine did that when he switched cities ? 
  could the vandals have claimed legacy after burning the * original * one down ? 
  russia had greated historical ties , common religion , * and * the blood relations on top of that . 
  the ottomans had a razed city and the blessings of a sockpuppet . 
  its new . 
  loot and raising in this case is similar . 
  the city was a ghost town after it was captured they brought people in from other cities to repopulate . 
  if you care about whar people from highschool think or remember about you , you have issues . 
  nope , my hometown is small , so it means i bump regularly to people that have known me to do stupid shit in highschool or freshman year when i visit . 
  if anyone broughts stuff up i am extremely uncomfortable , not because of the stuff i did when i was a friggin kid , but being in a presence of someone that * does * remembers them . 
  its * weird * and ankward , partcularly since * i * have forgotten most of them . 
  its usually people that havent done much since . 
  i dont give a single fuck on what they think . 
  sorry but i cant imagine any alliance being ok with you fleeting up with neuts or reds . 
  what happens if a blue jumps the gate ? 
  i actually like being an `` f1 guy '' and is one of the reasons i actually play eve . 
  there is nothing like the thrill i get from the few second pause from when overview starts flashing red or yellow until the fc picks the first target and the slaughter begins . 
  and there are many ways to make a name for yourself if you want tp depending on wjat role you want to focus . 
  people are going to trash you because these kinds of posts haven be a staple since 2003 , but the game does look to start slumping a little . 
  i think the truth is that its starting to show its age both in and out of game . 
  out of game because a lot of its players are getting older and real life past a certain age is not very acceptive of 4h of gaming every day minimum , and new players are not joining anymore . 
  this is tied with the in game reasons of showing its age . 
  when eve launched , it was at the start of the mmo `` golden era '' when people where rushing in droves to try them and there was a new release every 6 months . 
  eve at that time found its niche , and defended it quite well thanks majorly to the vast majority of content being player generated , as well as a unique theme , unique mechanics etc. 
  so it survived the calamity that befell many many other companies . 
  thing is the game is not as innovative as it was , there are dozens of single and multiplayer games that are invading its market niche , the gameplay is simply too boring compared to other games of this age and the company is not capable of revamping the core system and cant expand to other products to get much needed cash , since every single one was a dud . 
  is eve dying ? 
  i think so , but it will not happen overnight . 
  so you are people that absolutely not care about the alliance you are on . 
  got it . 
  some would say the laws are made to make it difficult to come legally on purpose . 
  they rejuvenate the economy , pay taxes , but have zero political rights . 
  win win !, 
   intelligent, 
  choose one . 
  but brussels has elected officials , and at at least concerning any trade law those will still be in effect if you want to trade with the mainland at all , but this time you will have no say in the matter . 
  so yay ? 
  so lets say you want to export to europe right ? 
  you know that your products will have to conform with th eu regulations and that is defineyely not going to change , considering that the so glorious developing economies of china amd india also conform to be able to trade with the eu ? 
  you know , one of the top 3 trade blocks in the world ? 
  so why the uk will get special treatment whe the eu didnt budge for them orheck even the us , the * top * economy of the world by some metrics ? 
  also will your mother be ok with scotland going indepedent , considering they are dragged out of the eu against their will ?
