  still pathetic . 
  if the uk started outsisw the eu they * might * had a chance . 
  cutting financial and diplomatic ties with the second biggest market in the world to starting all over and under a tight time limit , is not the same . 
  the economy will be damaged , how much , i dont think anyone can say for sure . 
  i mean , this is one of the good cases of pc . 
  it didnt make any sense to keep calling them that , particularly sinve there are proper indians . 
  i think elves can reincarnate in a way no ? 
  i think it is mentioned somewhere ( unfinished tales ? 
  that glorfindel in lotr is the same glorfindel that `` died '' in the fall of gondolin during the first age . 
  the reason middle earth is not full of elves is mostly because valinor is a literral `` heaven '' for them and their tastes , particularly that all beings there are immortal and eternal like them ( its the reason they abandon middle earth anyways ) , so there is no reason to leave it and come back , with very few exceptions . 
  oh my god i am getting 2015 flashbacks `` reeee goons are untouchable '' . 
  maybe , just maybe if panfam havent turned into northern coalition v3 things would roll again . 
  i dont understand your `` children of children '' comment . 
  they are the same exact people ( with new bodies i guess ) . 
  as for those that `` fade out '' , they fade because they simply cant stand living in middle earth anymore and instead of taking a ship to the west they simply die . 
  ofcourse they arebt going to come back afterwards . 
  anything i have seen so far indicates they are the exact same people , * maybe * with new bodies ( its not very clear ) not that they are `` reincarnated '' as in same souls , different people . 
  i mean in a way that if you could instantly teleport from middle earth to the halls of mandos , you could start a conversation with an elf in middle earth , kill him midway , then teleport as he wakes up again in the halls for mandos and pick up the conversation from exactly where it was interrupted . 
  this is exactly the same arguments everyone was posting here before wwb . 
  i mean you can search thread from there . 
  i do n't know , panfam seems t enjoying living in the north at the present day when it was considered that it was n't worth it anymore back then . 
  to me it start to seem that every single power bloc in the game fucking krabs in unprecedented levels , and just accuse the others to be `` way too entrenched '' to explain their krabing . 
  i mean , i understand krabing but whining about the goons just because they had a head start of 4 years in the north is a bit annoying . 
  specifically since panfam and co had a very good timing to finish off the goons after saranen , before they had been entrenched so deep , but preferred to turn into a northern coalition v3 . 
  citadels where nowhere even close to be widespread at the time . 
  and definetely no keepstars everywhere . 
  but instead of hunting goons to finish them off pl decide its better to shoot the co2 keepstar so they have even more space for pets . 
  so ultimately everyone wants what goons have , and they are salty because goons krabbed so much they broke the game , possibly permanetly . 
  she nearly destroyed the whole creation because she decided to vent her silly frustations at the worst possible moment * and * personally hurting someone . 
  losing a pay and getting ridiculed a bit is nothing . . 
  its because she is not a straight villain , getting panicked and tunnel visioned , ignoring whats at stake , can happen to anyone so i think you accidently self-identify with her . 
  but imagine you truly where her , you clocked your * pirate * captain , verbally abused the crew and nearly killed everyone . 
  you would expect to go off with a warning and a fine ?!, 
  she should fill glad, 
  unfortunately i have the suspicion andi might not praise her good luck and double down in her stupidity going full villain . 
  i think the bait and switch was a good one and roy screaming frustated is a bit of fourth wall leaning for us , 
  i see noone here had read the drizzt novel that where quire older than that and had a returning weapon . 
  i suggest you do so , the first 6 ones are great !, 
  i would prefer a flying magical turd instead of a pokemon as resolution . 
  pop culture references are awesome when their at least slightly veiled playing with our sense of familiarity and recognision . 
  being right in your face and a mystery so old and big would be a disaster . 
  replace highsec one with someone beating your ass to steal your shoes while a fat cop is slowly making his way there . 
  meanwhile you scream `` this is fine !, 
  low sec and nullsec are more dangerous ! . 
  yeah the theme breaks in mobile apps :(, 
  right ? 
  you have never been anywhere outsidean npc corp i presume ? 
  as a nullbear , i consider wars a plague for the health of the entire game since they are mostly used to grief new players . 
  because what you said has absolutely no connection with reality . 
  and i am not harsh or sarcastic here , just dumbfounded . 
  the problem with that is that everyone would pile up to take out the staging system to knock out entire alliances in one blow . 
  this means that if you alliance had a bad week they are done for no matter numbers , syatems , doctrines etc, 
  yes ? 
  think of whay you just said . 
  there is risk and then there is too much risk . 
  its not . 
  and those fights sucked as hell unless you only experience was from pc games and en24 articels . 
  5 hours slugfest due to tidi and you where fucking useless unless you flew at least a carrier ? 
  fuck that . 
   there 's honestly no way to tell what will happen in truth , but we 're still very much in the nexus of either possibility . 
  the only true and real answer is here . 
  eve is changing and i think we are hitting the crucial make it or break it point . 
   it 's hardly the `` eve is ea this is farmville ccp is hitler '' level that this subreddit likes to spout . 
  this contradicts you other statements since the judgement about that will be decided in posterity . 
  if after almost 20 years they killed the game in 3 , you cant say they managed it well . 
  molyneaux at least was part of teams that delivered some exceptional and industry effecting games , and the burned out that goodwill with exaggerations and not listening to people that helped him deliver the earlier masterpieces . 
  i think is like comparing george lucas with ed wood . 
  i would like to point out that food delivery guys are some of the most overworked , undepaid workers around in atrocious conditions and unions are busted down hard . 
  this guy probably has to deliver the pizza or risk losing his job . 
  its for him that they clap , not for dominos . 
  i was talking purely from a talent viewpoint . 
  molyneux has delivered something in the past . 
  this misconception is n't helped that the namesake of the era , queen victoria , did indeed dress herself almost constantly [ in very severe looking black clothing ] ( http://www.cvltnation.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/queen-victoria-in-mourning-dress-02_thumb1.jpg ) after her husbands death . 
  heh ... its actually verified by contempory accounts . 
  it happens sometimes at a specific hour mark . 
  search `` subanautica laggy after x time '' or something similar . 
  it starts a survival game and stays a survival game . 
  you only get upgrades to do exploration further and deeper , and you have almost no weapons , or at least no offencive ones . 
  and there are enemies you will always have to hide or run from . 
  its not like minecraft that by the end you ignore the mobs or even farm them . 
  i have to say though that give it a bit of time . 
  its has a huge amount of content but still lucks some pieces of the story , and optimisation problems . 
  it would be a shame if they soiled your perception of the game . 
  they regularly update it , i think later in the year it will be more complete . 
  they are fish . 
  not exactly geniouses even in reality ... 
  its not even about context , its right there in the sentence , `` taxation ** without representation ** '' for gods shake . 
  they also werent as usefull as they appeared probably . 
  the droid armies where suvh a menace because the outcome of war was controlled by the same person . 
  if it was a legit war the republic might had an easier time winning . 
  music and signer have been hunting fame and income since at least the ancient times . 
  it actually gives solid advice at the end :, 
   ok , so should i do anything about it ? 
   probably not right now , unless you 're pretty nerdy or you understand how investing works ( and have money to lose ) . 
  ethereum is too new a technology to worry about . 
  the fish that talks is actually effecting your brain and the brain fills it up with voices . 
  its essentially hallucinations . 
  the engineered organisms are essentially automated biological drones designed for a specific task ( and not very good at it ) . 
  there is no intelligence in that planet except you , and its kinda the theme of the game , even the `` boss '' like creature is essentially there because it is reacting to basic animal instincts for protecting its offspring ( and dying in the process ) . 
   to follow behavior imprinted by evolution .
