  and they copied the concept directly meaning it is starting invade in game ( see plex inventory ) . 
  4k is not cheap , particularly if the other option is slow agonising death . 
  i will use an example i have already given elsewhere :, 
  take two new players that are similarly competent . 
  one is forbbiden from using plex , the other has 50 $ to spent . 
  tell me who is going to be in a better position after a week of play . 
  now take the 50 $ guy and repeat the experiment versus a guy that has 200 $ to spent . 
  eve is already pay to win . 
  mr decker is the symptom . 
  ccp have been going this way for years . 
  even if they fire him nothing will change , assuming he didnt simply completed the work he was employed to do already . 
  hilmar and his `` greed is good '' mentality is where the blame should be targeted . 
  sure , player a having better skills , better ship and a better fit because he payed real money is nothing of the short . 
  i wonder how a 1v1 in the sun between them would go . 
  also they added a mobilee style `` gold for $ $ '' currency in the game , and they advertise it in every inventory in the game . 
  nothing to see here . 
  sure , by spending 100x the time . 
  by then the guy with the money will be even further ahead , specially if he spent more $ $ . 
  [ nope ] ( https://i.redd.it/8yjaz1r72mwy.png ) i wish i [ did * ] ( http://content.eveonline.com/www/newssystem/media/71977/1/94666cf7.png ) . 
  want a pitchfork ? 
  * t his is a work in progress photo . 
  they at least changed the icon to a grey one . 
  hey at least they changed the first iteration where the icon was a gold plex that really stuck the eye versus the rest of the inventory icon that are grey . 
  at least . 
  umm they only broke the plex so you can to buy stuff . 
  you can only sub for a month per 15 $ as it was . 
  nope . 
  still the same amount . 
  you can buy ships and fittings to mine better or in areas that are more hard ot go like in low or nul . 
  better skills to refine , and build stuff more efficiently . 
  want exploration ? 
  why bother with t1 exploration frigate and wait for 20 days until you can fly a cloak or grind to get a 100m + soe ship ? 
  just spend some hard cash and on you go !, 
  you want to go pvp ? 
  you can grind it to get a bunch for ships to go for it , and do it again when you lose them , or just buy a bunch for the price of only 6 $ and keep doing it as long as you want and have the cash !, 
  there will always be players that fork cash even in the worst p2w game , but they will be always get surpassed both in achievements and simply fun ( because no mind fucking grind ) in any goal by the guy with the fatter wallet . 
   i thought that was the whole selling point at the start ? 
  shame as it appealed to me to sub for a week or two and see if i get back into the game, 
  this was a player misconception . 
  they made it clear pretty fast this will no be the case in a devblog . 
   i still do n't get what the problem is tbh, 
  [ this is currently in game ] ( https://i.redd.it/8yjaz1r72mwy.png ) . 
   their active player numbers have been decreasing for a long time and ccp tries to cater to casual gamers more and more , but that leaves the core game addicts dissatisfied . 
  the problem is not that they do this . 
  the problem is that they are doing this in half assed way , in game that need rebuilding from teh ground up to cater into a more casual audience . 
  this is detrimental for both player groups . 
  you do realise that almost no p2w game in existance didnt offer a ` legit way to access content '' . 
  just invest many many hours for it . 
  or * nudge * * nudge * you could simply get it if you spent your money now . 
  you are arguing semantics and doing philosophy . 
  just contact me how you feel when you meet a guy that is doing what you do better , and he started playing mere weeks or days before but had cash to spare . 
  sure buddy . 
  keep telling yourself that anyone that wants to spend $ $ for ingame items is either a genius that understood eve in a matter of days or a dumbass that will office fit a titan and solo jump into lowsec . 
  i deal with new beans all the time . 
  the people that fly around carrying billions , in ships that for me and you took weeks or even months to train and gather isk , but it took them two minutes to punch their cc details is * staggering * . 
  i am guessing * all * those guys are very smart that `` figured out eve '' . 
  they did , they skipped the grinding and simply paid . 
   i 'm saying that even if they inject into the point where they can match vets in pvp they still have a shitton of stuff to learn before they will be able to take on a decent veteran . 
  and there is your problem . 
  between undocking in an ibis for the first time and undocking in a titan there a myriad of experiences , ship and skills you need to go though . 
  you can speed your way past them with cash . 
  heck even real life experience for the game is easier to get . 
  what is the old adage to learn pvp ? 
  buy 10 cheap shit and die until you start learning ? 
  well player a can do this while having to grind in between to replenish the isk he loses , while player b can buy as many as he wants and keep blasting them . 
  he can use cloaks to get a better experience with exploration instead of getting blapped in the first lowsec camp in a heron . 
  the quality of life better modules and higher tier ships provide are too great to say that a normal eve player in a t1 ship will always trump a t2 guy with dollars . 
  the second guy at some point get the rl experience anyways , but still have money to spend . 
  but you on the other hand lost weeks for your first battlecruiser , sucker !, 
  plex was a necessary evil . 
  it significantly lowered the existence of gold farmers , and because of this , bots by `` legalising '' the process of $ -  isk essentially . 
  however , the barrier was a bit high ( 19 $ ) so it was n't used that much and mostly in one shots ( that purple ft you described ? 
  it usually ended up in flames and the guy never did it again ) . 
  with the breaking up into miniplexes , it is obvious that they are pushing for a $ market for * everything * in a pretty much * daily * basis . 
  you can spend * just * a bit of your money today to get that nice fit , ship , or skill injector to give just a lit bit of edge . 
  and what is worse its based on using gambling tricks to suck up people into it . 
  instead of spending 19 $ , you spend 2 $ just once . 
  then two days later another 2 $ , its nothing right ? 
  and then another and another ... just read up how mobile games with these kinds of transactions fucked people royally . 
  so this is not only a doucehbag move for in game reasons , but out of game as well . 
   ccp testing if humans are smarter than birds . 
  they do n't need to , the huge revenue of most microtransaction games have already proved they are n't . 
  no this explains why yesterday eve * finished * its transformation into a p2w game . 
  `` why eve ** is ** a mobile game '' . 
  you explanation pretty much describes one my major gripes with this system . 
  these things work for game that have been designed for these kinds of systems , not one where you pay 15 $ and then lose it 2 minutes later on undock . 
  and eve is terribly grindy game compared with how much isk you can get per $ . 
  new players buy plex , they turn it into isk , and they are ready to go , however when you have bought 500mil for 7 dollars before even jumping the first system , and then actually play the game and realise that you have to grind skills for days or weeks and * then * grind rocks or red triangles for hours to get the same amount you are going to stop playing . 
  the players are masses , they will find a niceh and flood it . 
  ccp could fix those problems virtually overnight but they dont for the nice free advertising from pcgamer articles they get for the `` scam of the century '' once a year . 
  this article proves they let things calm for a while and then recruited an ea vp of the microtransactions division . 
  hillmar simply waited and then slowly added that stuff in the game without much fanfare . 
  most of major changes in the game take from 2-3 months to a year to actually change every day life . 
  give it sometime . 
  two guys decide to walk around the countryside , no specific destination in mind , but try to experience as much as possible . 
  however , suddenly one decides to take a scooter while the other keeps running . 
  who is going to the more efficient , less tired , and seen most of the county side ? 
  this is a balancing factor for the economy dude , not for the players and gameplay . 
   eve is pay 2 save time , not pay 2 win, 
   who is going to the more efficient , less tired , and seen most of the county side ?
