  insane , thought himself smart while being completely incompetent and saw spies everywhere . 
  would you allow your 4 year old to watch movies like full metal jacket , apocalypse now or that jame bond movie that includes [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_y7yeiphts ) scene ? 
  why the hell a 4 yo old is allowed to come in contact with this ? 
  probably a serious case of migraine . 
  i always imagined post walking dead cultures to have a very ritualized brain destroying technic . 
  believe me nobody knows . 
  he did let slip in a fireside that he had a big chunk of the alliance assets at hand . 
  that might be a reason why he was untouchable . 
  the other possibility is that they where so disconnected fom the game that they where getting only winets side of things as fact . 
  the truth , it hurts . 
  i am currently rewatching it and it dies make it more interesting . 
  for example why anakins pod racer break soooo many times even with sebulbas tinkering ? 
  well jar jar was goofing around it before the race ... 
  also i have the headcanon that anakin was supposed to be a teenager in this movie close to padmes or lukes age . 
  this make the whole pod race thing look like a futuristic 50s race a la grease , it fixes the creepy kid lines to padme ( the `` are you an angel ? '', 
  gringe becomes a homorous ankward teenage pick up line for example ) , it makes the jedi councils hesitation about his age make more sense and most importantly mirrors lukes story making it more dramatic . 
  it also makes a nod to uncles line that he fears luke will become like his father , making it have more weight since their stories started similarly . 
  watch some behind the scenes about the hobbit . 
  jackson looks depressed . 
  it happens only for sone weeks in august every other year . 
  so just chill , 2018 is still far away . 
  iesous is not pronounced like that , it goess ee-sous . 
  so mostly the letter j changes . 
  oh i understood that , the exclamation was towards the dude . 
  i dont want to make assuptions , but watching media branded for adults should be something a lawyer should at least know . 
  i absolutely loved it as a kid and probably greatly affected my tastes in post apocalyptic stuff , space colonization ( i loved alpha centaury ) and sandbox games . 
  i always founded fascinating the idea of inheriting a whole world and shaping it as you wish . 
  if you liked the series , i really suggest reading the [ red mars trilogy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mars_trilogy ) books . 
  unfortunately the series had no idea where they where going and the aliens where pretty underwhelming for me , even at that age . 
   i would imagine `` being hit by a forklift '' was not on that list . 
  in a * frigging warehouse * ? 
  yeah i call bullshit on everything that you say . 
  guys just because he is giving a long answer does n't make him right ... 
  great comeback mate . 
  logic is nothing without knowledge . 
  you have multiple people calling you out in this very thread . 
  knowledge and experience about something doesnt make them right ? 
  so you go ask medical advice from a butcher or ask a policeman to fly a plane ? 
  from another video of hers :, 
  `` this is my book the lost story . 
  it is the fruit of over 40 years diligent bible study and prayer after being taken to heaven to see jesus christ face to face in full revelation . 
  it holds power of the endtime move ... in releasing full revelation of the grace of god in jesus christ ... and mysteries hidden in god in christ from the foundation of the world . '', 
  yeah i would say we are dealing with a woman that is really sick and probably should see a professional . 
  goddammit that is simply sad . 
  i checked her profile a bit . 
  she doesnt seem to peddle anything . 
  you are one evil comedian . 
  with experiments even !, 
  so if i go and play with a loaded weapon while everyone else is telling me i am an idiot , `` there 's beauty '' in my brains splattered on the wall . 
  there are indeed people that have climbed the highest mountains , visited the most dense jungles , jumped for thousands of feet with only a parachute or dived to the deepest of chasms . 
  very dangerous undertakings , and a lot of times some of them do n't make it . 
  but the vast majority are still lauded as heroes and pioneers , because they * tried * to as safe as humanly possible , but sometimes shit happens in dangerous situations . 
  then you have idiots that think are too smart from everyone else and get themselves killed in darwin award nominations . 
  the actuall sprite that registers damage is romeros head . 
  baphomet is only a texture . 
  so you have to kill hidden romero head to win even if you never realise you did . 
  pedantic , everyone can do it . 
  and the after all these years , you learn that you can actually land on the train , making the mission trivial . . 
  seen [ here ] ( https://youtu.be/t5lvvtuurns?t=1m ) . 
  a bit more cheese way to do it not jumping with bike but it works . 
  i blame how science is presented in the vast majority of media , even including documentaries/biopics . 
  a lone genious guy one day drops his knife , and the reflection he sees on it as he picks it up gives him the idea glfor an invention/solution that changes the world in a few minutes of montage in upbeat music . 
  no do much these days as reasearch areas have become so complex that each person or team is focusing on one part of the problem . 
  and even solo discoveries or invention usially step on previous work that has been done by multiple sources , sometime in parallel . 
  imagine you are a historian focused on the holocaust for your academic career . 
  you suddenly discover a drove of documents , photos and archives that have been previously undiscovered and will take years and probably multiple publications . 
  someone being happy for that does n't necessarily mean happy for the holocaust itself . 
  those type of `` revisionists '' would * always * find something to use for their psychotic fantasies or selling book to the ones with the psychotic fantasies . 
  also a lot of museums use mock-ups . 
  its a ( minor ) problem if it is not indicated . 
  [ are you seriously thinking that you are going to stop in red light and traffic with an abrams ? 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/osx-o1dihgo?t=1m12s ), 
  i find even funnier when there are photos/videos of obviously brand new combat vehicles ( sometimes with un markings ) getting shipped from areas of having well known military manufacturers , from residents of the * same * area . 
  and accused for conspiracy to attack the center of power so the leader can take more emergency powrrs destroying the last vestiges of democracy ... 
  so maces attack on palpatine is the burning of the reichstag while the sack of the jedi temple is kristallnacht . 
  whoa . 
  its an actuall part of `` training '' . 
  pass , if i gather wood one more time in game where we have ftl travel ... 
  ( looking at you starbound and rimworld ), 
  whoa . 
  and no wonder mysogynism is everywhere , reddit is hitting its late 10s ealy 20s , when you have just a bit of experience in dating to be full of yourself , but in reality you dont know shit like a teen . 
  in reality she really wants to get invaded . . 
  german inheritance and identity really got suppressed during the world wars , especially the first one that stopped the appreciation of the german community that had arrive during the middle late 19th century . 
  life is not a movie . 
  so the mob is either running around for 20 years telling everyone that they killed the father of one of the most famous athletes of all time and noone has spoken about it ever , despite people ( up to mafia bosses ! ), 
  spilling their guts about everything else or they killed him for intimititation but never actually intimidated anyone . 
  did i got it right ? 
  mobsters usually talk during their arrest to avoid sentences . 
  `` hey i want to avoid geting ib for life , so i am going to tell you who bigshot ordered that hit and who did it '' . 
  it has happened many times , even with hitmen themselves . 
  i mean is there even some theory about suspects or what part of the mob have done it or is it a neboulous `` the mafia '' ? . 
   passed the city of thessaloniki, 
   we entered macedonia, 
  [ does not compute . 
  its a weather station , not some hidden huge underground bunker a la iron skies . 
  [ its a well documented fact that germany had weather station bases in the arctic . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/north_atlantic_weather_war#land_stations ), 
  in fact the article itself states the existence of * this * particular base was already a known fact , along with the reason for its abandoning . 
  its definitely an interesting find from a historians viewpoint , depending on what they find , but nothing that noteworthy . 
  the main conspiracy theories about hidden nazi bases is actually about the ** ant ** arctic .
