  similar behavorial changes due to infections exist with realife zombie ants from fungus and water aversion/aggresion from rabies . 
  he spilled drink all over . 
  i would guess he run to clean it . 
  we ars living in idiocracy . 
  one of them is apparently infosec . 
  so i am guessing he not using a phone at all . 
  and lets not forget how suspect wikileaks had become this days or how the dubbled into crazy conspiracy theories . 
  that sound exactly opposite of libertarianism . 
  the empire was a very * very * stong state . . 
   long live free , independent boer and afrikaaner brothers . 
   goodbye britania, 
  your post is all over the place ... you know about something called the boer wars , right ? 
  greeks did n't have a lot of otehr democracies around to compare or centuries of philosophy and debate about basic human rights . 
  rhodesians did . 
  nooooooo, 
  they seem to lead a pretty goid life with her family though . 
  heroes go to battle . 
  heroes kick ass . 
  villains pull a hidden ace . 
  heroes are posed to do something awesome to turn the tables again ... and something totally random causes them to fail . 
  repeat for 10 panels . 
  he would n't become a youtube superstar , but he would definitely have a dedicated fan club . 
  the prequel become infinite better if you keep in the back of your mind that anakin is +5 years older ( so he and padme are the same age and teenagers when they meet ) . 
  it makes his lie way more bearable ( `` are you an angel '' is somthing a smitten teen would say as a pickup line ) . 
  the pod race becomes a similar sublot like grease ( hotrod he personally made , trying to prove himself in the eyes of the girl ) etc etc. 
  it also makes the `` he is much too old '' make more sense , because he * is * too old and but also starts traingi in the midle of puberty , pretty bad for keeping your cool or not having repressed stuff . 
  i think that normally start at 5-6 am in the morning and keep going for most of the day . 
  its surprising there are n't * more * scenes of this . 
  yeah . 
  anakin in aotc is fine , but i also add about 5 to rots so he is a grizzly vet in his thirties that has enough of the all out death from the war so he is willing to break rules to save his wife . 
  also works with him not becoming a jedi masters , because he is not old enough , but neither young enough to have all the time he needs if he started training in his teens ( so he might feel he will never make it due to getting older ) . 
  ** burn the heretic!kill the mutan ** . . wait wrong game . 
  those 3 years would be the final coffin in the wall . 
  the in between years could be send running all over the place doing chores for the jedi masters . 
  admittedly the timeline does n't add up , especially with the clone wars series etc. 
  but its my personal head cannon , particularly where tpm is concerned . 
  it makes more sense that anakins lines were written for teenager in parallel with lukes story ( also another hotshot teen wanting to get away from teh planet at teh start of the original trilogy ) . 
  \u0399 might have mixed my expressions slightly . . 
  a child female ruler i got while playing as frisia . 
  she came after a string of short lived , indiffetent rulers . 
  i expected her to be the final nail in the coffin due to female malus . 
  europe was a mess too , with the hispanic muslim empire had just won jihads in italy * and the whole of france * while the mongols had streamrolled everyone in the east all the way to danzig . 
  the only major catholic kingdoms/dutchies left were in the area of central europe and they where posed to get gobbled up . 
  she ended up ruling for more than 50 years , she conquered so many lands that she formed the frighin * hre * and the kicked the muslims all the way over the gibraltar !, 
  i loved that girl . 
  hilariously thst is way more historixally appropiate than demon worshipers running around everywhere . 
  its not cheating if you play solo . 
  also console comnand are a boon when you hit gameplay limitations . 
  the op himself doesnt give that idea in his post . 
  he seem at least annoyed . 
  its actually stated by goverment officials and a teacher . 
  but it is heavily implied that its * not * true , they happened , and the goverment is supressing them and the space race history . 
  the sandy hook lizard people actors might sound funny , but then you have whakos harrasing parents that had their children killed . 
  the cromulons also werent there due to rick . 
  so i now know who to curse for javing to remember all this endings or not endings . 
  thanks academy !, 
  he explained it . 
  in imperial time you * wouldnt * have those lands as you own , you would be given them to administrate until death . 
  patrician couldnt call an entire country * their own * by birthright . 
  thats feudalism and the clash he describes . 
  humans in every era thought they have discovered everything , invented everything and fixed everything . 
  this is not the case . 
  i never said it was a problem . 
  he had issues with it because he thought in feudal terms while vuceroyalties are a different mindset . 
  on the other hand `` bunch of new bros with some medium experienced guys trying to carve a life in null , we suck in pvp '' doest fly that well , believe me , we know . 
  oh no you see midern liberal market economics have an obssesion with lowering unemployment . 
  unemployement is the horror and we have to defeat it in any way possible !, 
  fuck workers rights , fuck strict work times , fuck living wages , fuck everything as long as unemployement is down . 
  and it does drop ... but in the end , serfs were also employed , no ? 
  i have heard many times how general grevious was very awesome and scary lookinh in this version of the cw ... but i couldnt imagine he was the star wars version of t1000 ... 
  why did the super ritch guy stayed hidden for multiple light years and a lot of days on the surface ... in his very own ship ? 
  why did a biologist freaked out from a long * long * dead body only to almost hug an obviouvly pissed albino space cobra ? 
  how did a map expert with multiple 3d scanning bots got * lost ? * . 
  and many many others ... 
  the guy that got lost was the fucking * cartographer * . 
  with * map making bots * . 
  also the guy that takes off his helmet because the gases in the atmosphere were breathable , ignoring the other dangers the air could have , like diseases !, 
  also fucking foul dragonlike creatures with saurons undead lieutentants riding them ... 
  i think you need to rewatch that [ scene ] ( https://vimeo.com/127434715 ) . 
  these guys not only had a map , they had * real time telemetry data * . 
  direction had nothing to do with it . 
  its * also * the arrows . 
  to help you ease your mind , i am in a corp that deals almsot always whith newbies . 
  they have a turnover rate of 90 % . 
  if they come back at some point they stay longer and become normal eve players . 
  the first one-two months are the most soulwrenching and burns most people out . . 
  considering that more than half of conspiracy theories have `` the joos '' as the instigators thats a certainty . 
  we have something to compare their behavior : real life austronauts . 
  these guys have kept their cool with explosions , depleting oxygen , or heck a leaking suit in the faceplate slowly filling with water and bding in danger of getting drown . 
  you can find their videos/radio transcriptions and those guys kept their cool at all times . 
  but ofcourse a billionaire wiling to spent almost his entire fortune couldnt find decently trained people to fry some fries without stickung their own hand in the boiling oil to check the temperature much less survive in an alien planet . 
  watch contagion . 
  competent sciwnrists try to slow down a world wide epidemic . 
  the difficulties they have are because there are desperate and greedy people out there not because they decided to drink a random speciment because it smells good . 
  language is big factor i think . 
  if you cant even speak the language then whats the point ? 
  you could claim you have x heritage though . 
  maybe not that you * are * x , but i consider it a grey area and mostly how the person self identifies . 
  but then you have americans that dont speak the language , never been there and the last x ancestor was 100 years ago having tatoos with xs flag . . 
  i think that is a myth or wildly exaggarated .
