  corp wars * will * have to change at some point , even because legacy code . 
  what stops wardeccers form perpetuating the war forever ? 
  losing a single structure that will have a stable price and will be either * very * expensive or trivially so for the various sizes of war deccers corps that exist ? 
  also that structure can get anchored everywhere including dead end systems , systems in difficult position to reach / attack , or that a single point is very easily defended while the defender will be in a disadvantage ? 
  you need a system that allow some level of asymmetric warfare from corps , especially small and nimble ones in both sides . 
  this can be achieved by adding the various plexes in the mix . 
  a small defending corp can use cheap ships to loot the aggressors small sites for example and maintain a stream of isk , while the aggressor is begining to run increasingly in the red by paying both for the corp * and * losses of looted lp , while an aggressor with good ships can wreck a big bloated corp that has inflated its lp bonuses ( increasing the payouts from its sites that can be looted ) but have no combat capability , and make * very * good money out of it . 
  how does this stops corp hopping or simply docking up and playing the boredom game nullifying everything ( while the aggressor still needs to pay and online the structure mind you ) ? 
  also this sounds more complicated * in reality * , since in one system you will get suspect status while in the other side of the gate you will not because it is a different region , so you need to keep tab or play with the safeties every time ? 
  and what is the point of expanding into other regions if they are not used by the corps in this matter ? 
  cant they simply pack up and move to another and another every time with alts while someone trying to catch them has to online or get suspect ? 
  this looks a lot of what i say in core , but instead of spreading the attract/defense mechanics over an area , and making them scalable themselves to make this a more versatile situation , you are focusing everything in a specific point , a structure with a set price . 
   very regimented npc-like content . 
  i do n't understand that remark . 
  the sites are not going to be full on escalations where you need a full on pve fitted ship and rat for hours , they will have enough npc so to not outright farm them with cloakies/solo ceptors orbiting nothing and npc difficulty will scale with size/payout . 
  this creates as i said , a scale , where the more blinky ships you take out , the bigger plexes you can finish in one go , but that makes you a target as well , since killmails effect lp losses if you get caught . 
  npc do not particilate in a war more than a buffer role . 
  you could switch to simply have timers like fw plexes and/or dozzie sov , but mechanically its the same , there is something you need to work to conquer and not just stand there in an ibis.the choice of npcs is mostly there for lore reasons and avoid cheesy situations like cloakie capturing etc. 
  now with your proposed structures . 
  so from what i understand , you want to add another war mechanic on * top * of the already existing . 
  its halfway where mine are ( corps need to deploy regional/constellation structures ) but doesnt solve any of the problems , like permawardecs , corp hopping back and forth , using alts to wardec and dock up until you find a lonely target etc. 
  * and * you add a mechanic that simply needs your targets to jump a gate and be safe in the middle of the battle !, 
  heck most corps will simply region tank , meaning live in a place where they can reach multiple regions/constellations at once so that aggreasor will have to anchor muliple structures . 
  you need something that a ) keeps both forces on the field or if one runs , gives the other * something * and b ) its tied with the everyday life of a highsec corp so people bother to play and learn with it . 
  and one final question . 
  will these structures be instapopping or they will have timers ? 
  if they have , the you just canceled any form of assymetric warfare ( because bigger entities can simply blob at the right time to protect ) and/or added timezone tanking for yet another game mechanic . 
  nope . 
  npc in sites will be there only to buff the sites a bit to avoid cheesy tactics like standing there with a cloak , and maybe force you to take some flashier ships out for the big plex ( meaning you are taking bigger risks , since destroyed player ships also give lps based on killmail price ) . 
  no more pve than plex in faction warfare that also have npcs or nodes that need fozzie wands in nullsec . 
  well you did n't give an argent on why its bad idea , only the stereotypical `` people will quit '' . 
  since this game is official 14 years old and yet as you say , lost some players because it kept changing since year 1 , that does n't make it much of an argument . 
  i can easily say `` it will get more new players '' and be done with it . 
   you can manually retreat from battle by selecting an army and right clicking a province ( does n't appear to work if your army took too much beating already . ), 
  this does n't effect enemies though that can go all the way to athens from kiev to replenish their stock and morale . 
  made worse by battle not killing enough people or giving enough warscore . 
  its like playing pingpong . 
   that is n't due to tech . 
  either you did n't have enough maintenance or your army morale had not recovered from last battle . 
  non of these are true in my case . 
  and the maximum morale is different by only 0.1-or02 or something at worst . 
   the institutions tab ( as well as the wiki ) lists exactly what affects institution spread so i do n't know what exactly you are confused of here . 
  well they do n't spread at all or very slowly , ( it might take a century ) while neighboring nations spread so fast they adopt them after some years ( go full green ) . 
  so something must be off . 
   you can still ai allies to war with promise land and they provide a good safety network against other nations attacking you so having allies is far from worthless . 
  most of them do n't have any claims so they do n't care . 
  heck they even leave me alone in * defensive * wars, 
   ( just spend all your military points in military tech . ), 
  well that would be nice and dandy , but i need military power for generals and development and i lose a lot due to lack of institutions ( i am missing * three * in the present game ), 
  it ** definetely ** needs polish and balance , particularly from having a devs internal knowledge , it can break the economy if its not treated right for example ) . 
  and i did n't have high hope of seeingthis in reality because t will require a lot of new work for ccp , but i had it working on my mind so i wanted a bit of feedback . 
  its not something groundbreaking , most of the moving parts are already here in some form or another ( ihub for system cultivation , plex for fw etc ) . 
   the description says nearby friendly province so your relations with your neighbors matter . 
  well that explains much . 
   if you are playing somewhere far from europe you should develope 1 or 2 institutions yourself . 
  it might because it is an imported ck2 save game , most of them started in china . 
   but without ceding any aspect of the war to npcs ( other than concord sort of , which is kind of a necessary evil for hisec , but i kind of even do n't like them ) . 
  i think this has been a misunderstanding that i try to root out of you . 
  those npc will not effect the outcome more than already * existing * npcs affect faction warfare . 
  and your plan is already getting more and more complicated ( hunting for small hidden structures ? ), 
  because it is starting from scratch while i use pretty much already existing logic int he game . 
  for example what happens if a corp has the tz advantage of being able to spread a couple of dudes so they can kill the structures unopposed ? 
  and do n't get me started on the suspect status , you either need to be always safety green , you will have to move structures again and again because defenders will just pack up and leave which by the way you still have n't answered this except diminishing it `` that corps that have no structures are irrelevan `` t. newsflash the vast majority of corps in highsec do n't have structures . 
  and how third parties will behave on that ? 
  in my proposal , its quite simple : `` we want to attack these guys . 
  they are kill on sight everywhere . 
  their base of operations is at the utira constellation , get in your pvp ships and start farming their plexes , they either undock to defend or we drain their lp for some dank lp isk and move on '' . 
  the end . 
  i mean this is how * already * 2/3 of eve already works in null and lowsec . 
  it seems the appropriate translations would be something along castle/slott and keep/borg if borgs could be standalone structures themselves or part of a slott ( i dont speak swedish if its not apparent ) . 
  fro google searching though , i see that slott also means palace like structures or even country manors ? 
  so you have no experience of most prexisting systems in the game that are the base of my idea ? 
  well let me tell you how faction warfare , a stricly pvp focused system works . 
  plexes are randomly spawned sites in specific systems . 
  those sites have a single respawning npc in it that it is easily killed even with a decently fitted frigate . 
  its there to stop players from using empty ships or starter ships , tehre is nothign pve on it . 
  in nullsec , to conquer a system its the same in effect , only instead of npcs you have to `` attack '' randomly spawned nodes with a special `` weapon '' . 
  so all in all , nothing groundbreaking to implement in highsec, 
   i go into null to see how many trips i can make hauling before i get caught . 
  i have no idea what that means . 
  you go and mine ? 
  you got it !, 
  its basicaly a score board , or even a bet between the corps based on point capturing like in online fps . 
  you essentialy put your money out there when you attack and if you do good you can make actually profit . 
  its like looting and raiding someones industries . 
  and its scalable because depending on how much you want to icrease your `` bet '' by taking out more expensive ships or attacking more areas , you increase the amount you can win but also lose . 
  corps already have structured to place and attack like citadels , pocos etc that can cause conflict . 
  this is allows more broad use . 
  its telling that most crime in both groups comes from poor , uneducated males . 
  terrorist groups gives them a higher purpose to achieve in life and feel part if a community , similar to how street gangs do in the american cities ( and some european ghetos ofcource ) . 
  its a story older than time , if you get someone to see some humans as the `` others '' its way more easy to get him to hurt them . 
  poverty is not having access to basic human rights mate . 
  a bot , but obviously the creator can use the account to respond . 
  it is always a bit funny , like kicking a vending machine because it dint give you the snack , and have the owner yell you through a microphone to leave it alone . 
  you do realise this is not a kink but the major base reason we like sex as a species , so its natural , right ? 
  while that loss definitely was a loss , its very exaggerated in how much it effected the evolution of science . 
  also contrary to popular knowledge , the library had been burned twice by the romans before christians finished it off , . 
  for more info check r/badhistory . 
  i think since not a direct witness , we can assume he confused the terms either way . 
  i think its a mix of everything , since its not that far fetched of building gettign looted/bruend during sieges , adn egypt had a lot of those .
