  ahh just like my other beloved mmorpg , eve online , these two games feel like this ; `` boring , boring , boring , * boring , boring , boring , * ** omg omg die die !!, 
  ** boring , boring ... '' . it is of course a matter of personal preferences , because when i kill someone i want to feel the adrenaline pumping , i want to come as close as possible to the real threal of `` kill or be killed '' feeling . 
  plus they cut the 4 hour driving issue with mobile respawn points . 
   my friend put some burnt firewood ... 
  i do n't think you are supposed to do that anywhere actually.it makes anything at least 90 % more flamable . 
  nope.the chances for genetic defections are pretty low.first cousin marriage is also legal in a [ lot of countries ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/02/cousinmarriageworld.svg ) . 
  yup, 
  europe the true land of the free !, 
  unsurprisingly it seems they needed to explicitly forbid first cousin marriages in texas and in midwest . . 
  did it occurred to you that people participating on these events specifically go there to get their thrills?its like extreme sports for them , with the added bonus of a good purchase if they make it.and no i am not sarcastic . 
  it 's [ ** raining gold !, 
  step away bitches !, 
  edit : i think the next one will be summerset isle.shipwrecked prisoner takes down the snotty elves empire from within and exposes the truth about the oblivion crisis . 
  whatever [ floats your boat ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2009/12/17/article-1236561-07a11ee3000005dc-969_634x562.jpg ), 
  holy f. . . 
  imagine what would happen if she instead said `` oh shit , i dropped it . '', 
  peace out, 
  swear fealty, 
  wait for doomastack to go away, 
  ( and huge chunk of rebellious vassals ), 
  the problem with fast travel is locations.in skyrim i was forced to use it because all the quest givers send me in the other side of the map almost always . 
  no , no i do n't want to fast travel.but not fast traveling in skyrim is more immersion breaking for me because the quest locations where all over the place , such as when a guy in markath would send you to a cave close to winderhold , and then a guy from winderhold would send you to a house in riften . 
  it did n't make any sense , and it was obvious that the developers where counting anyone to use fast travel every time . 
  in comparison , in f : nv , when you start on goodspings , the quests move you all the way from one citiy to another until your reach the strip , with side quests usually close by any town you visit ( that makes sense , why a guy from primm would give a single fuck about problems in freeside and vise versa ) . thats why i am downloading the no fast travel mod right now :d, 
  i am discussing skyrim in vanilla . 
  and i do n't have a problem someone sending me somewhere far , but it was almost always and my game degenerated to the same thing you said :, 
  `` hmm , so i have 4 quest marks near solidude , should i walk there now , or ask another 4-5 quest givers so i can get some more over there . 
  ohh where is the new one?near white run?its on my way , so i can stop there '', 
  i am the goddamn dragonborn , not a fucking fed ex employee . 
   like i said though , to each his own . 
  but of course !, 
  we where just having a civil discussion about the differences between two great games . 
  what i personally think is that skyrim is designed with fast travel in mind , especially in your first play , while f : nv less so . 
  somewhere out there , right now , there is a baby that just sitted himself , and in 40-50 years he ** will ** be a nation leader , maybe even a fdr or stalin.makes you wonder . 
  you know what they say about the first sperm . . 
  i have worked in job with lots of celebs both local ( greek ) and international.the problem i had was trying to keep my manners formal , because when my stupid brain recognized a familiar face , it auto switched to a `` heeeey buddy!whacha doin ' '' mode . 
  i would love a battle map where you can see all your alliance pos , jumpgates along with a local view of system gates and stations.if it has plan design tools to create routes through systems that can be used while outside the station it can be used for a lot of thing from roaming plans :, 
  `` we go from this system to this system here tonight '', 
  `` oh no that system is almost always camped '', 
  `` then lets change the route to go through this systems there , they are rented , so lots of opportunity targets '', 
  `` ok set , everyone upload route and lets go '', 
  to major pvp actions :, 
  `` ok tonight we are planing to lure the dred fleet of the enemy , we are going to bash their pos here , its with their range , and we can jump our trap forces from here '', 
  it can also be used for jump gate planning , cyno range visualization etc etc. 
   3rd party tools . 
  yes , i have never seen any game company taking third party mods and apps and integrating them to the game , usually with better options because it is made by a whole company and not by some guys in their free time.absurd . 
  double spacing?as a rookie why the hell would someone would double space for no reason ? 
  i have worked in a high class hotel as a waiter , so i can understand some concepts of your work.so i am going to ask your worst work related embarrassment , like if you dropped a cold glass of water on a dukes head , or stepped on a duchess dress tail . 
   but really , its just a stupid idea . 
  why would you want ccp to focus their very limited resources on some fluff feature like walking-in-stations ( and the myriad of tack-on fluff like a whiteboard ) ? 
  would n't you rather have larger space battles ? 
  or more ships to fly ? 
  or more space to fly in ? 
  did n't we riot about this a while back ? 
  yes we ( you ) rioted for this.and for the last two years we are getting what we wanted.but if a company is afraid of innovation , i do n't think they have a bright future.remember that eve was and is something that the majority of the mmorpg market thinks it is weird and has quite possibly unnecessary innovations.but ccp thrives exactly for that . 
  that 's insane . 
  i swear some chefs would make some opera prima donnas blush.and still get away with it . 
  would 's that effect the size of the code also?like effect perfomance ? 
  thanks.i do recall about an app that `` despaced '' save games to make the game go faster.maybe that was different ? 
  no one should be a shithead with no basic human manners , despite his status or wealth.because a lot of people have died from an angry guy.i still remember a head waiter screaming next to my ear while i was cutting bread with a 6 inch knife.the mental picture i got of cutting his jugular still haunts me . 
  same reaction . 
  thank you for your explanation . 
  if i went to the store say very early in the morning , when all the proper employees were out and a guy from some other department offered to help me i would n't be picky.and as hell i would n't scream even if he fucked them up so much that it was not possible to eat.i would say thank you and discretely discard them . 
  because i am a fucking human , and i will not to fuck up another guys day for some donuts . 
  source ? 
  kicking someones head is pretty dangerous , especially if he fell backward.even if they where acting like frat ass hats a concussion at beast and brain damage at worst seems a little bit dickish i think . 
   building 3rd party tools into the game is not innovation . 
  its the opposite of innovation . 
  a lot of companies either influence their updates from successful mods , or they directly implement them.some of them even hire high profile modders . 
  do your homework . 
   and walking-in-stations is not innovation either . 
  its the only part of eve that resembles other mmos in both graphics and controls . 
  a shittone of things resembles other mmorpgs . 
  the skill based system and free pvp originated from ultima online for example.star wars online had player based economy another one . 
  wurm , an obscure mmorpg is actually eve online in a fantasy word.actually the major differences from other mmorpgs is the not-instanced `` rooms '' and the single shard . 
  that 's not inherently wrong . 
   so ccp should stay the course and focus on the actual game part of the game , right ? 
  i do n't quite follow ... 
  depends who you ask what the actual game part is.to you its internet spaceships.to the owner of the game its a sci fi game with multiple aspects.the only thing ccp fucked up was it over hyped something that was atrocious . 
  a lot of people where upset because they took time from the spaceship aspect of the game to deliver something supposedly new and unique , and all they got was a steamy pile of shit with hints of micro transaction stuck on it.all this exploded after the planetary interaction flop ( farmville in space ) and long awaited fixes that , true , were needed desperately . 
  but we have never seen what a true wis could be like and because of mob mentality from the part of the players we will possibly never see . 
  thank you . 
  it was a head waiter screaming , not a chef ( thu i have suffered from that also ) . the knife was the one he had chosen to cut the shop bought bread.and he was n't screaming about it , he was screaming about a mess in the main hall , and he was actually taunting me `` boy from the big city probably do n't care huh ? 
  '' `` why are n't you replying you fucker '' for about 10 solid minutes . 
  unfortunately [ peach ] ( http://www.edenbrothers.com/store/media/product-images/treepeachhalehaven.jpg ) [ es ] ( http://cantogamer.files.wordpress.com/2011/11/princess-peach.jpg ) do n't have a big stem to get them , and if they are ripe they are very very very easy to leave a few marks on.and no matter how money you throw at them , that does not change . 
   i assume that any species potent enough to ~ ~ contact ~ ~ conquer us would have gone through comparable ordeals . 
  ftfy, 
  because the chances of meeting an alien civilization in the same technological level like ours are very very low , we will be probably presented with two options : either we discover a civilization which is backwards or a civilization that is far ahead of us . 
  both options lead to a situation where one partner dominates the other culturally , economically and obviously in technology.even if there is n't a military expansion , influence from possible trade will be tremendous . 
  imagine an alien civilization that has the technology to cure most diseases , better energy production and life expectancy measured in centuries.you could use their technology , but you would come in contact with their religion/culture . how many people will embrace it if it gave them better life?same the other way around . 
  5000 $ for a hospital visit?is those numbers normal in us ??!, 
  i do n't even ... 
  i have been charged for healthcare in grecce . 
  if it is for hospital stay , like a few days i can understand it.but 5000 $ for just an examination?are you insane overseas ? 
  aha!op made it look like he waited 4 hours , went in , the doctor check her vitals for 10 mins and then charged her 5000 $ . 
  i understand now.it was a loaded statement from the start . 
   in my youth , i actually used the wire and swung it around my head at one point like a mace , smashing it against a brick wall repeatedly . 
  the controller survived until i tired and plugged it back in , to carry on with gaming . 
  and here people , is a fine example on how gaming lowers violence.if the controllers where designed like anti stress balls , war would be forgotten . 
  there are christian mercs with boats in vanilla.but a guess no norse could ever think of renting boats on the frigging vikings themselves.no market for that .
