  vpn encrypts traffic from outside sources mate . 
  dude , thats piracy . 
  bats eat fruit . 
  sometimes bats with ebola leave half eaten fruit lying around that get eaten by other animals , and those now sic animals get eaten by humans . 
  they do n't eat bats directly . 
  are you dumb ? 
  everybody knows its available in torrent sites . 
  the sidebar lists only official store pages * for a reason * . 
  [ there is . 
  ] ( https://www.paradoxplaza.com/sengoku?___store=eu ) not as detailed as ck2 after the expansions , but good anyways . 
  so are you 100 % mexico and canada will be safe ? 
  what about the troops overseas ? 
  will you pull everyone back to the us ? 
  will you close the borders to europe as well ? 
  what about the economic repercussions ? 
  the major reason that started it all was that the bishop of rome ( aka the pope ) considered himself above the other bishops , mostly for political power against the bishop of constantinople . 
   if something that bad, 
  this isnt a worst case scenario , it is a plausible scenario . 
  if ebola really takes a hold in asia , europe is done for . 
  so that leaves canada and the us ... to do what ? 
  hold 5 billion people away with snipers ? 
  usually dlc that add gameplay/ui options do not , you will have those options for an already started game . 
  but dlcs that add provinces or generally change the map will break the save . 
  however . 
  usually the map changes are added with a free patch with the dlc release , so if you have started the game with the latest patch you should be okay . 
  me and you brother . 
  precisely !, 
  found the 4ed player !, 
  its a freaking sinkhole . 
  more like `` prefer a good story with optional rules , than a random generic by the book dungeon dm '', 
  [ obligatory . 
  ] ( http://25.media.tumblr.com/49c35091e4d9d2716c7d32d7f0328f7a/tumblr_mj88inc4aw1rnzcl1o1_500.gif ), 
  oh my god the education i would buy with 1/10 some of those people have . 
   it 's definitely difficult to move from 200k a year to 50k . 
  live with 5000 $ / year and then use the word `` difficult '' . 
  technically , anyone other than the owner . 
  yes it was illegal . 
  5000/year in the western world smartass . 
   social safety nets . 
  social security money taken , year 2013 : 0 $, 
  yeah . 
  i bet the guy with 50000 / year is right here with me . 
  what other is ? 
  security ? 
  crime has risen tenfold.health ? 
  the only hospital in the area is closing down.so what fucking social security you are talking about ? 
  river ? 
  so 2 hours survival in a metro station would be ... ? 
  what if ebola jumps from africa there ? 
  there are people hat call swat teams on live streams . 
  if that could not result to death , i do n't know what is . 
  and an awesome callback to fallout 1 !, 
  oh the laughs and laughs we europeans will have when reich is added to the official name of germany . 
  same with greeks . 
  it was perfectly okay for an adult to have a teenager as a lover , since he was ' t a ` man ' yet . 
  the older man would teach the younger the art of love ( i aint kidding ) along with other manly stuff . 
  but two adult males in love ? 
  a very , very big big no no since it was a sign of weakness and femininity or even immaturity from them . 
   and it is hard to figure out if someone really enjoys my company , or they enjoy that i often treat people to dinner . 
  as someone that had contact with extra wealthy people , let me tell you that it is really , really hard to control your thoughts when you know that one watch can pay one year of tuition , or save your parents house for one more year , or help you move to a better country and change your life . 
  i am not defending them , i have never asked a single cent ever , and i have distanced myself from wealthy people because of self guilt for my greedy thoughts , but it is really really hard man . 
  you do n't need a vast rama ship . 
  an asteroid hollowed out would be fine with about 1000 crew with automated/remote drones on par with what we have for construction/mining . 
  i do n't think they will be part of a larger `` space nation '' but probably akin to a nomadic tribe or an offshoot of one . 
  they enter the solar system covertly inside the asteroid ( a giant rama spaceship will get noticed decades before it reach us . ), 
  establish orbit in the asteroid belt and start throwing rocks to earth while getting all the resources from the places you said . 
  you do n't bomb earth to conquer , but to keep humans to at least a pre-industrial age so they do n't come after you . 
  after you have established control over the whole solar system , you do with earth whatever you want . 
  colonize it , strip mine it etc at leisure . 
  as i said , whatever they want . 
  like leave it alone . 
  i used to sell e-cigs . 
  that 's not only vapor people . 
  because chances are that any civilization capable of replying to us will by probability be orders of magnitude more powerful . 
  so we will either get military curbstomped or culturally anexxed . 
  or instead use a fraction of the fuel and time to just send hundreds the asteroids that will equal thousands of nukes in power . 
  you have something there . 
  are you working with the assassins creed writing team ? 
  ac1 is one of the most frustrating games since the age of snes ( you die if you fall in water . 
  you have to kill someone in a ship ) . 
  ac2 is one of the best games of my life . 
  the expansions of 2 are good . 
  after 3 they fell on their face . 
  i know what you are referencing . 
  i do n't know how to find it . 
  a question than most tend to forget , focusing on the infection spreading directly to first world countries . 
  what happens if it spreads to other countries with the same conditions like west africa ? 
  the underclass of some asian countries for example . 
  if the virus takes hold there , wont that cause more issues to contain it due to easier access than africa ( illegal immigration by land to europe ) and sheer volume of the infected ? 
  [ silver hawks ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mzaqu23t19a ) ... 
  what got me hooked to sci fi with an awesome intro song !, 
  moon is about an human device creating copies of an astronaut and mining out a moon , to later be destroyed by a minority whose existence is explained away by brainwashing . 
  both are about clones ( the main plot point/reveal that everything runs around , is like telling me time travel has nothing to do with the time machine by h.g. 
  wells ) that are used to mine stuff for faceless entities that communicate with them using video screens and setting them up with emotional attachments to keep them in line until they realize what is happening , the main question of the movie comes up ( is a clone a being with original feelings or those simply copied over akin to total recall ? ), 
  and single handely take the evil entity down while simultaneously helping another clone to see the reality . 
  same situation in my country and i am in europe . 
  and that is why i get angry when people are all '' oh the developed countries will be fine everyone chill '' . 
  i cant imagine the social , economic and political repercussions if ebola starts spreading in asia . 
  or how are you going to stop the mass exodus if that happens . 
  hey , have you even seen the style of / r/insidejorahshead ?
