  contagion : not only it tries to realistically portray the way a pandemic plague would effect modern world , it also dwells on how scientists wpuld probably operate , but also contrasts the problem with snake oils sellers , conspiracy theorists and such . 
  compare and contrast with the ebola outbreak , abd keep in mind it was filmed a couple of years before !, 
  orcs are hated by pretty much every other race , so serving sauron is their only way to get something out of it , land , plunder or killing the aforementioned races . 
  the humans of the south and east are posed to grab land , power and take revenge on minas tirith . 
  in case of greece at least , it would be like selling lead cutlery and pans . 
  the problem with euro is that it is a high priced currency that the greek goverment cant devaluate at will ( to increase exports and tourism for example ) while there is no european framework to plug the hole in the bugdet . 
  bitcoin not only has the same issues , only worse , its also extremely volatile . 
  i dont know if you are sarcastic or not . 
  devaluation helps the ecenomy ( depending on the situation ofcourse ) and usually hurts the ones that have savings in the currency . 
  but the totally random market manipulation based on how the market woke up todaay or if a fork or not will hapoem or some random chinese megafarm corners the market . . 
  galadriel was also one of the elves that are alive from before the original journey west and she came over when feanor and the others did . 
  dwarves where also asleep in caves until men came , so awakening might be literral . 
  ahh i missed that, 
  however there should be elves that are alive since the first awakening . 
  however i think the chances of * all * elves in middle earth being born only in valinor or after are low . 
  and i think some of the named ones might also be , but never outright stated . 
  glorfindel for example . 
  the thing is , sith dont value knowledge for its own shake , but how much power it gives them . 
  subterefuge and being able to outsmart a powerfull sith lord so much that you killed him in his pijamas when sith are prepared to watch out for assasination pretty much 24/7 is a sign of a powerfull dark sider . 
  losing some arcane knowledge in the process is not necesseraly a loss . 
  survival of the fittest , since sidious used the same subterfuge to bring down the republic instead of using raw power . 
  he just quoted the famous outburst from the movie , so chancss are he has seen it . . 
  chances are their microorganisms would be tottaly uncompatible . 
  we are not talking about two human nations that have been seperated for a thousand years , but tottaly different evolution since the first microrganisms millions of years ago . 
  if the vast majority of viruses and bacteria cant jump between species in earth , the its safer between aliens . . 
  he actually replied to the italian ambassador : `` so this means war '' in french . 
  the italian was shocked that a small country would decide to fight on when most other european countries had folded . 
  maybe the ai character of the droid including language is hardcoded or like an os while medical procedure programs are extentions that can be updated easily . 
  it would make perfect sense . 
  the guy is danish . 
  if the interview happened at weekend its booze . 
  if it is during the week its strictly water . 
  or is that the swedish ? 
  i always confuse those two . 
  ahhh finally !, 
  so true in all accounts xd . 
  however to be honest mr mikkelsen has been making his mark for years . 
  no hate !, 
  for me he is always the doctor from the royal affair . 
  i am a sucker for scandinavian films and historical pieces so that movie was a true gift . 
  whoa that series look very interesting . 
  thanks !, 
  [ just ... stop . 
  socialism means `` communism '' only in the us . 
  its not a trait of the english language itself . 
  slow down !, 
  aliens dont need humans to make more soldiers . 
  as a matter of fact a wilderness like siberia devoid of humans but with plenty of big animals would be a total nightmare as a fellow redditor posted a while a go, 
  in alien 4 and other media the aliens can infest large animals like dogs and hatch quatrapedal aliens as a result . 
  si me dude calculated that there are herds of hundrends of ** thousands ** of elks in remote areas of siberia ... 
  we dont see it in real life because the surface of the land we hace evolved to live is pretty smooth . 
  there is no place on earth you can find a 11000 steep drop deeper than the usual surface . 
  imagine the everest in reverse . 
  this subreddit was active but with limited members for quite a while and was getting traction , but slowly . 
  then that interview came and exploded . 
  as i was subscribed for at least a year , its a tiny bit fascinating to be an early adopter of a meme . 
  damn kids get of my subreddit . 
  more like himmler leader of the gestapo amongst others , that hunted down enemies of the regime . 
  i have no idea about that hotel in particular , but in europe where i have worked security is always on the lookout for persons that look `` out of place '' like your wife ( solo , no baggages , loitering in the foyer ) because thats the usual m.o. 
  of thieves . 
  you would be surprised how common they are , like once a couple of month or so . 
  i dont think a hooker was what they had in mind partcularly if they immidietely changed their posture when you appeared . 
  if she was indeed in the line for check in , then it doesnt make any sense neither for hooker or a thief in general . 
  maybe she looked like someone they got a cctv grainy picture ? 
  these where the ones our security guys worked with . 
  we will never know i guess . 
  she had it better than mine who got tacled by a policeman !, 
  if you are familiar with black ehh `` exeptionalism '' it usually dwells with africa origins , beethoven was black , goverment experiments during the 70s etc. 
  this piece on the other hand sounds like a white nazi piece about the purity of the race and the hardworking wives at home growing up the next brood of the master race , just with the color switched . 
  you missed the fun that was 2000 . 
  `` see you next millenium !, 
  '' , `` havent eaten like that since last century !, 
  etc. . 
  expet a hackerspace , the rest are mine also . 
  good luck and hope to both fullfill our wishes !, 
  new years resolution : move the fuck away before you kill someone . 
  on the other hand those cemwnt foundation are great for hiding bodies, 
  ( please dont take this seriously and i am the reason you snap . 
  those pompiers do a good work honestly ! ), 
  it was actually used way earlier than the byzantines , by the ancient greeks ( read about [ phriktories ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/phryctoria?wprov=sfla1 ) ) and they even had a full signaling system for message relaying . 
  obviously they wherent at the top of mountaibs but they used the hilly terrain of greece and most cities where a day or two away at worst . 
  welcome to capitalism bitch !, 
  at least we let you hold your gun toys so you can vent your anger into random objects instead of trying to fix the system . 
  you dont buy a pc just for cutting edge , in reality you dont even need it . 
  you can buy a decent computer thay will hold you up for 5 years with 600-800 with sligtly better current condole grahics . 
  the extra 300-500 you pay for it will get saved by game sales ( 2 yeaar old game for 60 $ !? ), 
  and additional capability plus you dont lose all your game library when you upgrade . 
  consoles have their market , but they try to overplay their characteristics and cause issues in the pc market ( forced graphics downgrade anyone ? 
  ) , this is what pisses off most pc gamers . 
  i never said consoles have no place . 
  i actually said the opposite . 
  but you get what you pay , and consoles are not on par with computers . 
  a cheap plug and play device . 
  i never said that peoplw that dont have the immidiate casg should buy a pc . 
  but you know that with a cable and a controller ( now xbox officially supported ) you can play in your tv right ? 
  you can add some gameplay improvements from fallout 2 to 1 . 
  tge biggest hurdle in my opinion with the old game are the slow , turn based combat . 
  since both use the same engine , you are not going to avoid that in 2 vs 1 . 
  and 2 is notoriously more buggy than 1 for example you get a cool transport with inventory , that can dissapear in multiple occasions * permanetly * . 
  i strongly suggest you start with 1 for many reason , lore , tighter story ( it generally indicated where you should head next ) and quests so its easier to get used to .
