  if they cant do it , they will have to nerf nuclear war so its not as much game and session changing so if the ai fucks up is not that bad , and you will have `` great war # 12 '' like in victoria 2 . 
  lame . 
  finally and * most * importantly , cold war is too soon . 
  they will have to portray historical moments that are very controversial and fresh . 
  how do you portray the six-day war ? 
  the greek civil war , and subsequent dictatorship ? 
  the tibet issue ? 
  franco 's regime ? 
  i would love for video games to tackle more serious issues , but i understand if paradox feels those are too many , too fast running in the possibility of pissing a lot of people and lead to bans or controversy . 
  i was under the assumption that bethesda released arena as a freeware , not as open source . 
  still the point stands , if they ever release games as freeware/open source its going to be at least a decade . 
  and with retro gaming being mainstream now ( see gog ) i do n't even see that happening . 
   submitted 6 hours ago, 
  seems you fell a bit off the mark there mate . . 
  my brain hurts . 
  it definitely looks like a buffed up evolution of the normandy class . 
  building a space elevator is a gargantuan project . 
  a space faring civilization that can do that , and even more importantly , from a single ship , on the go for different planets with different gravity , atmosphere , axial tilt etc is not going to have a problem of space for their things in their ships and will have probably mastered asteroid mining a long long time ago ( since even with our real life technology we are probably on the threshold of achieving that ) . 
  the only way this ship has any use is if the civilization does n't care about mining in planets but long term colonization or some special resource that are only found in planets ( spice , unobtanium are other scifi examples ) . 
  you said you where trying for hard scifi , that 's why i am raising these questions . 
  other people failed to point out something : the value of caps might be different in different regions . 
  those two places are too far apart and travel has become so difficult and rare that they can have different exchange rates between them . 
  so those prices can can mean quite different things depending on the rest of the economy , so we must compare other item prices to understand what is going on . 
  if the vast majority of items cost exactly the same in both areas , then yes indeed there is a price difference . 
  if not , we need to find the exhange rate !, 
  `` it 's dangerous to go alone !, 
  take this prophecies i just made up ! '', 
  what if leandros is trump !? 
  it all makes sense now !, 
  yet we where first in the `` dumb referendums about the eu '' department . 
  i am mystified why neither of you did n't go for the [ original ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xhoubznxevi ) sound ... 
  well that explains the similarity . 
  the design of reapers from mass effect is based on cuttlefish . 
  everyone is how tim left while nobody discusses that two priests and a cart appeared . 
  gelas alla einai sixno post apo skopianous sta forum tou civ . 
  you are completely forgetting how many times in the books it is mentioned that until the targeting technology evolves , the vast majority of the missiles misses its target due to the luck of real time controls.trying to hit a moving target in space is like trying hitting a moving fly with a sniper rifle from across the city . 
  i mean , if you manage to hit her , you are going to obliterate her , but its better chances to bombard the area with shnarpel mortars . 
  indeed it is a major problem in real life space combat scenarios , and why if that ever happens we will probably use laser weapons instead of dumb missiles unless they are ftl ( or close ) like in the books . 
  additionally when missiles directly hit in the first books even the side impeller walls stop on their tracks a vast percentage of the missiles . 
  it is mentioned again and again that most naval battles end in a stalemate with minimal losses unless one fleet manages to fire in the open front and back of the enemy ( [ crossing the t ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crossing_the_t ) ) or they are so close the can maneuver their missiles in real time . 
  indeed in the very first book the whole point is that the lance harrington uses in the exercises is a powerful but useless weapon because it switches off impeller walls but in such a close range that the other ships can obliterate you . 
  i mean i do n't need to dig through archives like u/derivative _ of_life , its right there in the first pages . 
  the technology in the books might be fantasy , but it is generally consistent . 
  that is the whole point . 
  pl?nc deiced to jump on the wagon after mercenary alliances payed by iwi where at the gates ( fade and vale ) at least . 
  we will probably never know if they took a direct contract or not , but the war started as a mercenary war for at least a month before it snowballed . 
  if that did happen citadel will probably have been deployed then goons would have been a more difficult nut to crack . 
   they have violated our airspace multiple times, 
  i find it very interesting that turkey in the aegean and russia use the same tactics . 
  a communal car for a group of sophomores?he advises that because if they cleaned the car they would probably find a sofa forgotten in the backseat anyways . 
  i mean half of the stories in each and every book is about the technologies they use to try and fix the accuracy shortcomings . 
  first by increasing the amount of missiles by pods , then having them increase the operational range with multiple drives and finally the ftl control of the apollo systems that it is so powerful that obliterates the biggest fleet ever seen in history . 
  also they cant change direction , so they are the equivelent of `` dead in the water '', 
  a military frigate or at best a ww2 battleship are more appropiate comparisons in this case instead of a carrier . 
  carriers are big because of their special roles as floating airports . 
  even the biggest battleship ever , yamato , was almost half ( 250m ) the length of present day oil tankers ( 400m + ) . 
  indeed tankers suprass even some [ carriers . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_longest_ships?wprov=sfla1 ), 
  the point is that for military size is not as vital as mining/transport ships where bigger is better . 
  the only reason military ships got bigger in real life as time got by was for special reasons , one was armor and gun differences ( and it was a wrong assumption anyway ) and then aircraft carriers . 
  ships that are no carriers in the present time vastly scaled back in size and carriers that do n't need a big runway even [ smaller ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/america-class_amphibious_assault_ship ) . 
  even one of the biggest military ship today the kirov class battlecruiser , while in length is almost as big as yamato , its displacement is * less * than half of it ( 26000t versus 72000t ) . 
  in comparison , cargo ships are getting stupefying [ bigger and bigger ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_longest_ships ) by the year , with the only limitations being practical , like materials available able to sustain high seas , and the major canals width like panama and suez . 
  indeed now days the [ canals themselves are ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/panama_canal_expansion_project ) changing to keep up with the ships , not the other way around . 
  these problems do n't exist in space . 
  what i am trying to say is that military vessels will always value efficiency and ability to tackle multiple problems ( defense , attack , speed ) while cargo vessels have one purpose and usually bigger is better . 
  so its not that far fetched to see a gargantuan civilian vessel . 
  i mean from all the nonsensical things the movies had thats actually was a valid point . 
  [ always handy . . ] ( http://www.nooooooooooooooo.com/ ), 
  well there you go . 
  he has to * lose * speed to lose attitude and he will slowdown more and more as he hits the denser parts of the surface . 
  the question is if that slow down is enough * not * to burn him up . 
  but unless someone does the math its not a 100 % case . 
  holy shit memory overload . 
  then you probably havent lived enough elections . 
  you forgot bush jrs florida ? 
  kids do n't give a single fuck . 
  but apparently lewis black does . 
  i was even lower in the diplo ladder than kyle , but from the paperwork that i remember ( api checks and such ) that is the case . 
  sion also downplays the role winet had from turning a personal feud to an alliance wide incident , by instructing line members to invade iwi chat rooms for example and shitposting about iwi everywhere , like the forums of deadmonkey gaming where he claims he found rtm proof by `` unamed sources '' which i am pretty sure was widget and hubbie but * after * winet had a started shit . 
  i think sion has everything backwards and the `` threesome gone wrong '' sounds implausible at best . 
  as far as i know , winet at first kept the heat low . 
  it was n't the alliance that got the isk , it was a corp , and they where somewhat justified in doing so . 
  the isk were n't even iwis , it just so happened the player was a banker that went and whined to them . 
  however after iwi went into `` give us the isk or else we gon na ruin you '' that 's when winet went berserk with vitriol because he thought that a high sec gambling organization would not have the means to even touch a null sec coalition and to be honest who would think differently ? . 
  the problem is * after * the alliance really started hurting from the awoxers and campers , not only he did n't turned down the rhetoric , he actually fucked sma itself by going on a rampage trying to finding `` spies '' completely ignoring the diplomats and behaving like a goddamn dictator , he gave orders directly to diplos in training to contact ceo to kick members even slightly thought by him as spies creating untold amounts of internal drama . 
  he even kicked a member that we later found out was the goddamn brother of a ceo . 
  this went for * two fucking months * where he could save the situation with the drama spilling in reddit , attracting the attention of other entities and well . . 
  that it does . 
  seriously that sounds like some elementary school shit thrown in to make this a bit more tasty . 
  i hate to make this cliche characterization , but this guy sounds like a stereotypical basement dweller that pull things out of his ass . 
  * even * if they are true , it was only one small part of what happened and definitely it was n't what broke the coalition . 
  the happened when goons decided to give vale without a fight , * that 's * what showed weakness from the goons part and got everyone atention , while the sma fiasco as of then was lambasted as a shitty small time alliance drama . 
  pretty much . 
  it draw a huge amount of attention , and brought the war zone at co2s doorstep ... with the known results . 
  if they had grinded vale as much as possible they might had kept the ship running long enough for citadels to get deployed and then they * might * have been able to secure at least some part of the north if not all . 
  they vastly underestimated the propaganda game . 
  that is fucking sad . 
  half of the competent corps and personnel got widot in goons and the rest like u/kyleaparthos or u/helensotken would probably prefer to liquidate their clones instead of being even in the same solar system as sma , especially if winet is in . 
  more like general ripper from dr. strangelove .
