  pvp anywhere from the first week?check ) and you can essentially form your play in the way you want.if someone made a true sandbox game which is easier for a new guy to get to ( unlike eve ) it will blow a lot of mmos out of the water . 
  yet most wow style mmos have either crashed and burned in two years or seriously underachieved . hardly a `` tried and tested way '' . this aint hollywood people . 
  then goddamn ewoks happened . 
  if you want hands to help , i offer myself for hire.i am interested both in literature and with new media ( nothing uncommon in reddit , i know ) . alas , i do n't know more than 3 words in french , but i * had * to send you a message.who would n't want to try to get into something that sounds like a movie from giuseppe tornatore ? 
  i want to clarify something.my title is not sarcastic but a legitimate question . 
  i have happen to see a lot of disparity between critics and users ( another example is [ rome 2 with metacritic 79 , user score 3.9 ] ( http://www.metacritic.com/game/pc/total-war-rome-ii ) . also for company of heroes on steam there are a lot of negative votes due to the dlcs . 
  however we should take in consideration the number of the users.with 5000 + ratings , 1 is way to low to be just a mob . 
  and i take my time to read most comments ( that true , as others have pointed out , is due to perceived historical inaccuracies ) however in steam there are tons of negative comments considering dlcs , and shallow gameplay , legitimate reason to give a low score . 
  you can use akavir or some new , undiscovered region as a place for player owned kingdoms.or set the time in an era where there were n't any great empires so players can create their fiefs . 
  so the answer to my original question is no . 
  game reviewing is a minefield and you should pray there is at least a demo out.right ? 
  there are lots of negative comments in steam also , mainly for dlcs that have major parts of the game optional and campaign/gameplay that feel shallower than coh1 . 
  apart from the russians , there are a lot of negative votes with exactly the same words . 
  however movies for example have some reviewers that are considered generally trustworthy ( roger ebert for example ) . i do n't expect the review scores to be precise , but the gaming industry reviews borders to extreme differences sometimes.i cant find anywhere a review to be at least good for consideration ( i am not being caustic here ) . 
  i think they have all the credit [ they need and deserve . 
  you are still proposing that judas was condemned ( the original poster said it was undetermined from the bible ) and also that he will be tortured forever . 
  hell is not dante 's inferno , hell is living away from gods love ) . 
  because hell as a fiery place full of brimstone and devils pronging your buttocks is a medieval invention , mostly for internal consumption ( beware sinners ! ) . 
  `` hell '' is living without god 's love and presence.people from other religions will not be cast on a fiery afterlife due to ignorance , but they will simply have missed the chance to live with ( christian 's ) god 's love . 
  it means that judas might not be condemned . 
  also hell is not fire and brimstone . 
  i stopped playing when the character had to do a tedious level just to take his pistols , who were right there in front of him in a case . 
   then in brood war , everybody ( kerrigan , protoss , terrans ) banded together to defeat the ued . 
  then kerrigan fucked everyone up and left them to live only so they can suffer until she choose when to kill them . 
  because is the goddamn queen bitch of the blades . 
  come sc2 , overmind and tassadar spirits are bffe , and kerrigan is the misunderstood anti hero who will save everyone.blah . 
  i am referring to the question of the title.as a level it was quite nice , as a story it was fucking annoying . 
   pajama pants . 
  i was working in my country 's hilton as a waiter.i had a coworker that was a pretty decent , low profile guy that got the job done.from small talk i learned he had a pretty good degree from a british uni . 
  but outside of work he dressed as a full on straight from-the-80 's - punk , red leather ankle high boots , tight ripped jeans etc etc. 
  so clothing should really not be the only indication . 
  you can make real money out of it ( and some people actually quit their day jobs ) so ... 
  the most lucrative business is both actually.brb going to make money . 
  nahh not really.second life is way weird for me . 
  everything after ender 's game.the first `` sequel '' , speaker for the dead , is bearable , if only it could use a completely different hero than ender . 
  then more and more sequel came , more absurd concepts introduced and the dues ex machinas were so many they could probably fill a clown car to its limit.the author shoe-horned his philosophical and political views on every goddamn chapter , and then bean 's series , while somewhat nice as a standalone series , it completely derailed ender and the original book.maybe i have never come across [ sequelitis ] ( http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/main/sequelitis ) in book form , but i personally loath the ender series except the original . 
  this.this is the reason i cant play jrpgs . 
  you can play whole levels , kill new enemies , experience ( usually ) a good storyline , and then < bam  a boss comes along that completely obliterates you.and then you are forced to grind the same stuff ( enemies , levels , stolylines ) killing the good feeling they gave you , for hours until you are powerful enough for the boss , kill him and then you do it all over again for the next one . 
  the ~ ~ light ~ ~ `` flash '' from the initial explosion is so ~ ~ bright ~ ~ full of energy it ignites materials . 
  by forced , i mean that he is believing is some theories/philosophies , and he is putting his beliefs in his books in way that you feel that its not part of the story , but the actual writer stopped the narrating to explain his views its usually glaring when you have a character in the book suddenly stop the `` action '' and proceeds to give lengthy explanations . its not something new or rare , but there are ways where writers/creators can do that without breaking your suspension of disbelief . 
  i will give you a movie example : in [ this scene ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qcvjowownn4 ) from the great dictator , the main hero gives an ( awesome speech ) against war.while it is awesome , it is almost universally accepted that this is charlie chaplin , the actor and not his role speaking.he `` stopped '' the movie to give a speech for his views.if it is done subtly , it ok . 
  if its repeated on , on and on and it takes a big chunk of the plot , like in the ender books , it starts to get jarring . 
  about the deus ex machina , it is a concept as old as drama itself.if it is done correctly , it can be awesome.if it is done poorly , especially without foreshadowing , it can kill a scene . 
  remember these are my personal opinions . 
  it was the simplest explanation possible.i should have used `` flash '' instead of `` light '', 
  the worst part with bean was not that he was awesome , it was because card stole awesomeness from ender to fuel bean 's . for example , remember when they gave ender the worst of the worst students for his army ? 
  something that almost broke his morale , but with his brilliant mind and his compassion he forged them into the best soldiers on the academy.awesome !, 
  well surprise surprise , bean picked them one by one because they had the greatest potential and no one have seen it yet ( not even ender ) . 
  what . 
  also , have a nice ride !, 
  well , we use the world [ light ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/light ) to usually describe the visual spectrum of electromagnetic radiation , so he had a point.but he was being pedantic when he tried to correct my use of the word to someone that obviously knows very little about nuclear weapons . 
  i already linked there dummy bot.but i will not delete.c + for effort . 
  [ lies !!!, 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/ik4a8yh ) you love doing that are n't you?the greatest space conspiracy ever !, 
  i have tried playing a lot of japanese rpg thorough the years.while western games try to stop the player from going to areas where he is underpowered , or at least warn him he is going to get his ass handed to him if he proceed 's , jrpgs think that level grinding is self explanatory . 
  and you usually find out on the boss battles , where you will be compled to try different strategies each time he curb stomps you ( `` maybe i will get him this time ! '' ), 
  until you are forced to concede defeat and go back to grind the now underpowered enemies . 
  [ it is not the first time he does that . 
   it will always and forever be cheaper, 
  no it wont.if we find way to substitute specialized materials with cheaper , more readily available alternatives , then that would be the last problem for decentralized manufacturing to start . for some products it will be easier ( say , legos ) for others way harder ( cars/cell phones ) . however the majority of tools we use everyday are way simpler than that.imaging a small shop producing its own , completely personalized products from a single pool of raw materials , and most basic tools ( frying pun , hammer , etc ) being completely home made is n't far fetching , but completely doable , since it happens already , it will just get easier and easier . 
   a frying pan factory probably smelts , forges , and bends hundreds of frying pans a second using industrial machinery and economies of scale . 
  you are forgetting that those same frying pans can be manufactured with the proper technology in situ , thousands of times more than a single factory , if you take account the thousands of households that can create the same tool.you have to stop comparing a factory with a house , a neighborhood , or even a city in production output but with whole regions . 
  and quite possibly with less waste , since the products will have immediate use , with no need for samples , whole lines of product discontinued because of age/faults , no masses of workers , unions , labor laws , etc etc.compare how hardware mediums like dvd are becoming a niche rapidly because are way costly to manufacture when you can send the personalized product instantly to the customer at almost no cost.imagine doing that with a frying pun recipe.no factory can compete with that . 
   in this case , you have enormous quantities of redundant manufacturing equipment that is at best used for some tiny fraction of each day . 
  the same could be said about printers at desks , but you do n't see us still using huger printing presses for a lot of printing reasons.but , even better , we are talking about equipment that can change purpose at a whim , so the downtime will be less . 
   you also have an extremely distributed supply chain , where the raw materials ( plastic , metal , whatever ) need to find their way to every single home , instead of a train dumping them off at one place, 
  for the supply chain , what is easier and cheaper to move in a central node ( think like , a major store here , ) where the manufacturers/client get all their supply materials?tons of uncut wood and metal , or tons the myriad end products with different safety concerns , different packaging , liability issues , limited self time etc etc. 
  now i admit , i am describing the end situation.something that will take years and way better 3-d printers and other micro-manufacturing tools to overshadow factories.but if we see 3d printer becoming something common in the next 10 years , you can bet big companies will have an issue with that pretty fast.and digital piracy.holy god that would be the ultimate battle of copyright vs free information distribution . 
  a major reason heavy industry will of course , not disappear is when safety and status gets in the game . 
  with safety , well , you would print a frying pun in a 3d printer.but a car?its airbags?hospital tools?something that can get explosive if made incorrectly?these are stuff that while buildable , a lot of people will refrain making , while they will be able to . 
  as with status , well , some companies will always float with their brand name alone . 
  `` yes you can make the same frying pan in your house but ours is the armani ^ ^ ^ tm ^ ^ ^ frying pan , please pay 1000 $ '' . 
  edit : accidently half my reply, 
  but there is also too much sarcasm and hostility.since he * was * right , even if nitpicky , i had to oblige . 
  what the hell?no pacific rim in visual effects?but lone ranger gets one ? 
  the dude made me think i was watching the real lincoln playing in a movie about his life . 
  and i aint even american . 
   the oscars seem to do this only to actors they think will win it down the line anyways so let 's give someone else a chance . 
  that.that actually explains it for me . 
  now go watch the scene where legolas jumps in his horse , and then his scene where he single handily kills mumakil.or when the ents break the dam ( minatures everywhere !, 
  ) . lotr had the good fortune most cgi was dark colored ( black orcs , black gate , black riders , two towers battle in stormy rainy night , black black black . . ), 
  you can use rss feed reader in your browser to add his page and get notifications when he uploads something.really neat so you can follow web comics and the guy gets page hits.what do you know , he might make a living out of it . 
  5 ... . 5 fucking years . 
  damn that `` greece '' hearts my eyes so much.so anachronistic and wrong . 
  scratch that . 
  while greece is not the proper name of the country ( it is hellas , like deutchland instead of germany ) , i was under the impression that it was used by the ottomans from 1453 and onwards , making it ahistorical for the middle ages.however according to [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/name_of_greece ) it is the latinized name since the ancient times , and it makes sense to be used in the eastern roman empire as a leftover . 
  touche paradox.i was wrong.i will leave my comment here to pay with my shame . 
  prepare to cringe so hard with [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sl3szaj8qia#t=18 ) then, 
  i feel ya bro.i am greek and the 300 did the same . 
  from what i understand is , at its core , price manipulation by giving `` fake '' numbers right?either by mistake or by intent.but companies at the range of nintendo are obliged not to make mistakes . 
  a lot of companies are using their share price to operate.they use it to get loans , attract new investors for future costly projects , keep they `` borrowers '' at ease etc etc.also a lot of the money they get as income are used for future projects immidietly , especially in a industry as fast changing as software/hardware . if investors loose faith ( like it could happen in this case ) , they sell shares , dropping the price , more investors loose faith/want to sell , and a snowball effect obliterates the company . 
  however , an investigation should be made , right?the law does n't now when it is a mistake or fraud until proper proof have been found ( but i do n't know if the legal authorities can investigate by themselves , or only if someone sues ) . 
  yup.i am curious how they did n't thought about that , it was the first thing it came to my mind when i used papal influence . 
  nad the hilarious part?they have added the same mechanic in ck2 only instead of papal influence you spend gold . 
  so you have 500 gold invested in a cardinal and you forget to check while you keep the hre at bay?too bad france got their in the curia for 10 gold more . 
  at least in ck2 you can assassinate them ... 
  dude ... . 
  napoleon `` won '' every battle in russia because in most battles the russian packed up and left so he could n't have his decisive victory , forcing him to march further and further inside russian soil and stretching his supply lines . 
  so pyrrhic victories count ? 
  tell that to [ them .
