  he will probably pull a heroic sacrifice , but not due to altruism ( maybe its cool , while flipping the bird ? ) . 
  saving the entire world can be considered redeeming , but obviously his motivation for doing so will place him in the cn territory . 
  aww man , it pains me to see arecibo in this state . 
  it was quite famous during the 90s for the space nerds of the day . 
  its two different playstyles that can even be played from the same person . 
  think `` sandbox '' and `` competitive '' mode , like the games from the 90s, 
  was the us citizens ready for an occupation that would take years or even decades and hundreds of billions until the region was stabilized ( if ever ? ), 
  so the iraqi state could fend for itself without us support ? 
  for all intends and purposes obama retreated from a shitty situation and it barely affected the us . 
  i mean most immigration waves and terrorist attacks that were sparked by bush jrs shenanigans nowadays happen in europe , m. east and asia , us is pretty much secure . 
  us is the most scared nation in the earth . 
  its was n't just the red scare , but the the `` english will come back '' scare , the '' ~ ~ natives ~ ~ savages '' scare , the `` slave uprsing '' scare and on and on . 
  us has no identifiable external enemy , and they need to make one to keep united . 
  it ended bad . . for everyone else except the americans . 
  from a purely selfish point of view , it was a good move for the states . 
  i am not an american btw , and my country is getting hit a lot by the repercussions , but i can see were he came from . 
  it would end bad if it was 2017 , 2027 or heck 2047 . 
  the us went guns blazing with no plan at all . 
  at some point hey had to stop throwing good money after the bad . 
  how long they that `` rudimentary '' force would stay there though ? 
  what about the rest of the country ? 
  would the voters be okay with getting soldiers regularly killed or maimed with no end in sight ? 
  the problem was n't that us could n't stay for more time or with varying force sizes . 
  it was that there was no end game . 
   their costumes cost like a grand each, 
  from a dedicated , intricate costume viewpoint , that not too much tbh . 
   co2 and fcon have had some bad beef over a few renter systems in tenerifis . 
  you got this wrong . 
  co2 had a beef with * drf * for 1 renter system in * feythabolis . 
  * fcon deployed to help drf forces defend the renter space right after they joined the drf mega-coalition , * but * they would do that anyways because they drf and fcon always supported each other the last year . 
  you are actually confirming his story , you know that right ? 
  co2 knew their offense would bring test in the middle from the get go . 
  numerous attempts were made to de escalate the situation ( since early july * at least * ) with gigx not showing any indication of backing off . 
  of course before the * final * ultimatum would be given there wold bea need make contingency plans . 
  `` hey mark , john is about to self immolate , maybe we should try talking him down one last time ? '', 
  `` yeah , but if it fails , let me bring my baseball bat to kick him out of the house so we do n't all burn with him '', 
  still if they got accepted it is not something out of reach . 
  its ov3rdose . 
  he doesnt spin , he outright lies . 
  dont bother . 
  so send us troops and airplanes to stay closed into some base ? 
  so when shia or sunnite ied explode in the middle of markets jyst kilometers from a us base the brass would be `` nuh uh we are here on vacation ? '' . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  all of these contries had billions and billiobs poured to rebuild them , the us didnt dissolve the entire state apparattus , and last time i checked they kept a very very costly military presence there for * 70 + * years . 
  as i said , if the us had gone there with a plan of long ( * very * long ) term occupation and major rebuilding , it * might * have worked . 
  but ofcourse the us citizens bought their own propaganda , and thought it would be a 1 , 2 year tops before iraq have become a boba fide western type democracy . 
  when the dream crashed , they wanted to gtfo . 
  understandable . 
  there are muslims , but they are a * minority * in * thrace * . 
   you 've literally acted like germany in wwii, 
   let 's see who 's gon na plant that flag in berlin this autumn . 
  even with the famous german strategic incompetence of the time , you are giving tri way too much credit . 
  they were already in the process of blue balling . 
  it probably going to become permanent now . 
  yes because not being a dips hit and attacking an alliance that they knew would piss pretty much everyone around them was their only option they had for war . 
  co2 , like other allliances , have been evicted numerous times , as they have evicted others . 
  its the cycle of ( null ) life . 
  but this ? 
  this is historic . 
  nowdays ? 
  things have been like that since at least the sinking of maine . 
  i think he is trying to say that since co2 and goons werent in an alliance together , goons didnt backstab . 
  judge did . 
  technically he is correct . 
  maybe if you left highsec you would find why it is worth to actually play . 
   rl threats from gigx should be taken with the same gravity as the threat of a highsec miner to have his powerful nullsec friends avenge his hulk loss to gankers . 
  fyi the last time a highsec dude warned a nullsec alliance he will get them back , wwb happened . 
  well , i can see why , and sorry about it ( but unfortunately there is no work around , null and low needs pvp ) . but claiming the game is not worth to play without experiencing it properly is unfair , even if it was outside your power . 
  on other news , have you thought applying into renter corps or alliances ? 
  the pvp requirments ( where voice comms are essential ) are low or nonexistant . 
  i would offer you a place in the corp i am in , we have members that arent in voice because they dont speak english enough , but we are required to do some amount of pvp by neccesity and they need to listen ( even if fcs could broadcast visual ques , but lot of them dont bother or forget ) . 
  i guesding as a head diplo he had a big hand on teaming up co2 eith test and co. after getting kickef by panfam . 
  so claiming `` he didnt do nothing '' when he worked to give them the space to krab and place the keepstar in , i think it is a bit hypocritical . 
  yeah , i get the feeling he felt gigx was killing legacy , something he help create , and co2 itself ( because seriously they would lose the war most probably ) for no reason at all ( what was the end game ? 
  co2 and tri taking over the entire drf space single handenly ?! ), 
  so he decided to say fuck it and cash out . 
  i never liked backstabbings , particularly of this magnitude , but people claiming judge did it just because have been very very wrong . 
  still , did you expect the responce ? 
   i 'm so over it, 
  yes it is obvious . 
  co2 flipping sealed the deal . 
  and i really dont think you lost the region because you did something wrong personally bobby . 
  sma went down fighting until people finally realised sma = winet . 
  aaaaand then what ? 
  fcon would pull back into drf space with most of their assets . 
  best case scenario you have a keepstar killmail while you are in the exact same position you are in now , pretty much everyoe teaming up to murderfuck you . 
  and tri at least was ready to go nomadic or npc space or something , co2 most def wasnt . 
  its cool if it hapoens once or twice per year because you know you are part of something rare . 
  more than that , fuck no . 
  also because coordinating 120drunken nerds for more than that action would drove any fc insane halfway in their first fleet . 
  we have a monthly financial report in our group . 
  its like if one of the chiefs of staff sold a combination of norad and norfolk base to the russians . 
  come ~ ~ float ~ ~ warp with us !, 
  we all warp down here !, 
  i was but under another name , and low in the rank so no worries . 
  its sad , but sma was let down by the one at the very top . 
  there were a lot of good people right below them that made sma what it ( briefly ) was . 
  too bad at the time of the collapse pretty much everyone was burned out and didnt band to reform . 
  most of the small alliances are under the aegis of a bigger one , or band to make a bigger organisation for mutual defence . 
  this war actually started because the betrayed alliance joined with another one to hit a third that was considered an easy target for them .
