  but sure it was yugoslavia that stalled them . 
  the r/badhistory here is off the charts . . 
  you have absolutely no idea what you are talking about . 
  italy was at war with greece since 24 october 1940 and where actually losing ground to the greeks . 
  in march 25 1941 yugoslavia signed the tripartite act to * join * the axis . 
  but it was never meant to be , since a pro-allies coup happened . 
  hitler decided to say fuck all and invaded at 2 april with targets both greece and yugoslavia . 
  the italians actually crossed the border * after * the germans . 
  the war ended at 17th of april . 
  i suggest you either re-read your book , and if it still says yugoslavia i suggest you get a new one . 
  yes italians where in albania . 
  who where they fighting there ? 
  i think it is based on early animation of mickey when they could n't pull of the sideways ears part due to lack of depth , and then it stuck . 
  i think we crossed a line here ... 
   to be fair , hitler made the mistake of not continuously attacking british airfields and it cost him defeating britain . 
  actually that is a misconception that the british had at the time . 
  revised numbers from later researchers shows that the germans would never break rafs numbers even if they concentrated in bombing the airfields . 
  the british had the advantage of range compared to the germans . 
  this means that sealion was simply impossible to happen . 
  they had a map maker that got lost . 
  a biologist that tried to pet a space cobra after running scared from a 10000 yo dead mummy . 
  an archeologist that takes of his helmet inside an ancient tomb ( hello tuts curse ! ) . 
  they dissect an alien brain with ~ ~ almost ~ ~ no infection control procedures . 
  a wealthy businessman that hitchhikes his own spaceship for no reason for 4 light years . 
  and of course , we have the `` i can only run straight '' girl . 
  this movie was so retarded it makes protagonists in slasher movies seem wise . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-bwntw4rl0u ) , i will let cinema sins break this mess down a bit more . 
  dude i visited my first bars for a beer at 17 ... 
  he had no reason to hide from the team and ship he payed for . 
  while they could have criticize him , he could whatever he wanted . 
  its would be like cousteau hid in his own ship . 
  he also needed those scientists to help him analyses everything he found so he can save himself . 
  for a life or death scenario in a alien planet , its does n't make sense to employ a bunch of doofuses . 
  and its never stated on the script . 
  and those guys where dangerously stupid , not just some regular stupid . 
  the helmet scene was so widely criticized i doubt is some common trope . 
  amybe in direct to video slasher movies , not wide release scifi epics . 
  panic attacks makes you run and not think straight . 
  not completely look your higher brain functions and turn into a rumba . 
  that could be handwaved a bit due to our luck of knowledge on how the medical machine works , maybe she got some super painkillers and a perfect incision , i mean they have working stasis pods . 
  it could be the fiction part of scifi . 
  a big stretch , but we can overlook it bit compared with stuff that even a 6 year old are retarded . 
  yeahi forgot the male part . 
  you are right.an this movie was shit . 
  also keep one gramd unfying part : the emperor . 
  but how about seasons ? 
  thays another huge gap that doesnt get covered by the sun simply circling around . 
  but do they stay one when you are doing kung fu ? 
  the sun is makin 24 h circles . 
  for seasons to make sense the dips must take longer . 
  he was a decent guy ... for a nazi . 
  that bar is so low gerbils can jump over it . 
   is it me or does anyone else find dildos and other sex toys completely wasteful ? 
  some people 's self pleasure is meant to always be shit and they should accept that . 
  if they want to masturbate so bad , they should use their hands or stop wanking . 
  i do n't like my superdoubledildo prices going up because every horny johny wants to have their precious orgasms . 
  man this video makes me so sad . 
  all these hours spends to create those renders , with technology that just is sci-fi material turned real life , using optical lines to connect from the other side of the worl , d only to be used in debunking the flat . 
  earth . 
  idiots . 
  holy shit you are right . 
  well supposedly 1 in 2 marriages end in divorce sooo ... 
   is it not at all possible to recognize the atomic bombings as both probably the most strategically correct choice, 
  this `` fact '' is starting to be in question in present times . 
  apparently operation downfall might never gone further than the planning stages and japan could have surrendered anyways , if possible later . 
  there are indications that the japanese would crumble either way . 
  even if the militarist faction took hold and tried to keep up , the war was simply unfeasible . 
  operation downfall maybe would not happen because the allies could simply wait it out . 
  the ij fleet was out of the game , so they could n't attack , and the home islands where getting encircled depriving them of raw materials . 
  infamously the yamato was send in suicide mission with enough fuel for one way trip . 
  while the operation was indeed planned , it is not assured that it would be used , as other plans had also been scraped in various stages of the war . 
  `` had the meeting taken place , the earlier arguments for avoiding an invasion altogether , relying instead on sea and air strangulation and destruction , almost certainly would have been revived . 
  such arguments by admiral king and general arnold had never really been overridden ; advocates of this position had simply been placated . 
  if the bomb had not been available , king 's and arnold 's views would have been buttressed by the sigint evidence indicating a potential escalation of the estimated costs of an invasion . '', 
  [ source ] ( https://www.cia.gov/library/center-for-the-study-of-intelligence/csi-publications/books-and-monographs/the-final-months-of-the-war-with-japan-signals-intelligence-u-s-invasion-planning-and-the-a-bomb-decision/csi9810001.html#rtoc9 ), 
  this meeting was planned to be held just one day after the first bomb fell . 
  so downfall was not a 100 % sure thing . 
  we are in the realm of imagination now . 
  we can not be sure what could had happen . 
  maybe the japanese would have surrendered early , meaning less civilian casualties , since the army was defanged maybe not . 
  what i tried to explain is that the argument `` a-bombs where better because operation downfall/purple hearts '' is not as concrete as it is commonly thought and requires further study , and professional opinions . 
  the groot shard that became the new groot was the one rocket hold when they touched the infinity stone . . 
  for anyone interested , the `` doctor '' in the article that said that `` this game is clearly turning teens into violence '' [ lost his license and was arrested for accusations that he traded prescription drugs for sex with his patients among other shit . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thomas_radecki#career ), 
  this is so ironic i can barely believe it is a real incident . 
  chick tracks are fucking awesome !, 
  i used to read them all the time , i could n't take my eyes out of them !, 
  you know , like the guys that stop traffic because they cant stop looking at a car wreck with multiple fatalities ? 
  too bad the last years the quality of the crazy has dropped down considerably , along with the distinctive art and easter eggs ( look for the dog in the background !, 
  it is very possible why that shard was so special . 
  its a joke line from the movie . 
  c3po says it to han i think . 
   or better yet start ticking backwards, 
  eu : rome 2 confirmed ? 
  and of course what you say it is completely untrue . 
  the civilian goverment was debating in secret possible surrender scenarios weeks before the a-bombs . 
  they did try to stall do to avoid total capitulation ( and possibly get shot by the japanese army ) but that surrender was nowhere in the horizon is simply not true . 
  pretty much . 
  prepare for the incoming `` you are not a true believer '' and scripture quotes about not wearing two different types of garment from reddit atheists . 
  we are so many !,
