  the prime minister , has the power to appoint a goverment in its * entirety * , meaning that he personally holds the power for dictating policy from energy to war to immigration . 
  you cant get more personal that that . 
  when people vote for their local representatives , they know that their are essentially voting for the party leader indirectly . 
  sounds familiar ? 
  thats because it is similar with the us president and the electoral college , who the voters choose for . 
  while the two systems have differences in election , they are pretty close in power sharing and effective goverment structure . 
  they are democracies after as i am sure you are aware . 
  hitler was chosen as the best candidate for a coalition * because * he had won one of the strongest percentages in the elections . 
  trump is very similar in other ways , since he didnt won the popular vote , but how the system is set up gave him the executive power no ? 
  it wasnt the prime minister that appointed hitler , it was president hindenburg under the suggestion of von papen . 
  hitler was appointed * prime minister * , or the german equivelent of prime minister , chancellor . 
  hitler , as we said before , had effectively won the elections ( with the slogan `` hitler over germany '' ) but not enough to form a complete majority , as it happens frequently in parliamentary systems . 
  von papen and hindenburg where part of the traditional conservative right , that believed that the populism , strong dogma and oratory of hitler that have ensnared the masses was simply a show , and he could be highjacked and controled as a usefull buffoon . 
  instead * they * got increasingly marginalised fast , and after only two years hitler had dismantled democracy from the incide . 
  except from the last part ( hopefully ) the rest sound very very familiar dont you say ? 
  hitler was not a radical minority since he got the most percentage in the popular vote just not the absolute majority like trump but in two different systems on how exe power is decited ( coalitions in one case electoral college on the other ) . 
  are not merkel and tsipras officially elected then ( tsipras got similar results as hitler ) ? 
  in greek elections , if the first party in the polls doesnt win the majority or doesnt form a coalition the president ( similar as the german president was , but with less executive power ) calls or appoints for the runner up leader of second party to try and form a coalition . 
  if they succesfully form one they govern the country . 
  are they not succesfully run for the elected goverment ? 
  while saying languages were invented is a bit much , they are human constructs , even by `` accident '' . 
  he was going for the semantic difference between discovery and invention . 
   sadly it will likely take an assassination attempt or something like that . 
  `` i am calling it , in the future we will have a false frag attack against a democrat or a democrat leaning institution trying to distract the masses from the pedophiles ! '', 
  hitler wasnt greek but neither was merkel that you forgot . 
  both where german that used a similar election system ( thar greece also has hence the example ) to win the executive position despite not winning the popular majority , as trump did in the us system . 
  as i said , you can become prime minister without being the candidate with the top result . 
  lets cut the clutter : hitler got the position * because * he was the winning candidate in the elections . 
  are you sure you know the basics about how elections in a parliementary system work ? 
  i can wait for you to read if you want !, 
  wait a minute ... you claimed that the nazi party was a winner but hitler was a loser in the elections . 
  you * are * aware the in the parliament system citizens do not vote two times for the parliament ( nazi party ) and for the prime minister ( hitler ) , but only once , for the party , period . 
  so its * impossible * for the party to be a winner while tits leader to be a loser.you know this right ? ... right ? 
  wikipedia [ page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_federal_election%2c_november_1932?wprov=sfla1 ) for the german november 1932 elections . 
  first party with 33 % the nazi party with leader adolph hitler . 
  * 10 % * more than the second party . 
  since hitler has the majority of the votes and won the elections , von papen suggests to hindenburg that they can form an alliance and he can rein in the populist hitler . 
  that was different elections * before * the ones hitler got in power by taking the position of prime minister ( because again , he got the biggest percentage ) and he * abolished * the position of president * entirely * after hindenburg died . 
  op was talking about the elections that hitler won executive power democraticaly obviously ... which where not the presidential ones . 
  because executive and legislative power doesnt rest on the president but on the prime minister in parliaments . 
  he got a * better * position . 
  no its pretty straight i think.ops is claiming that both won elections that allowed them to pass laws and govern a country on a populist , fearmongering campaing that had similar messages and tones . 
  cant get more simple than that . 
  you are the one that tries to wiggle into semantics . 
  all this time i am hoping you are trolling in an enjoyable way , because if you truly camt grasp even basic stuff about democracy ... yikes . 
  its implementation is an indication of absolute insanity that the half baked eu is . 
  common currency and free labor movement , but no common taxes , no fiscal policy hell not even basic oversight that led to the debt shenanigans , eurostat could not run indepedent research for each country until 2010 because `` muh indepedence '' . 
  exploiting loopholes and streching the game rules of erf to get innovative results like having arrow barrages suspended in middle air between hexes or paradropping air cavalry by having them kill their own mounts . 
  be warned !, 
  most museums close at 4pm so be ready for that !, 
  reddit as a company makes money in drama , brigading , controvesial subs and fringe groups rilling up the mainstream . 
  they get way more page hits and media coverage ( free advertising ) . 
  they could easily nuke stuff like that right on the bud but they wait until the last possible moment to milk for what is worth . 
  i would suggest to head first for the prague castle as early as possible simce it is aplace with many inyeresting places in one site and you can get to most ( but not all ) of them with one ticket . 
  you will pass charles bridge either going to or returning from it towards the old square . 
  the christmas market there is open until later and still awesome after dark so you can leave it for later . 
  not the official church . 
  however there is a small [ part ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/old_calendarists?wprov=sfla1 ) of it with some followers that declined to adopt those `` western ideas '' and keeps celebrating with the old calendar . 
  they have different temples and they are a bit of a gray area on where they stand versus the main body of the church . 
  digutal information is the worst for long term keeping . 
  it would actually be worse than even the `` primitive '' methods because we are leaving signiffically less hard copies around . 
   people still journal and write letters . 
  it 's not the end of the world . 
  only a very very small percentage survives more than a couple of centuries . 
  war , indifference , cleaning , accidents destroy the vast majority of letters and newspapers . 
  now , correspondence with letters was he main mode of communication 100 years ago , but today how many receive letters that are written from a person instead of a company or bank ? 
   plus everything is on the internet , and once it 's there it 's pretty much there forever . 
  technology marches on , and that causes older stuff to be hard and harder to use . 
  stone tablets and papyri are difficult to decipher to due to the different language , now imagine if that stone tablets needed constant power to keep the contents at all , and required special contemporary googles to read them ( programming languages ) . 
  to give you an example , some old computers from just 30 years ago cant get emulated because nobody know how they or their languages worked . 
  now amplify that to , say , 300 years . 
  no idea . 
  on the other hand * why * are they shooting across a road under use , or more importantly why is the road still used ? 
  you are thinking in a timespan of decades , when we are talking about centuries . 
  and ignoring data and storage degradation . 
  a programming can evolve or dissapear long enough for the data to get lost , so even if you emulate it later will still be useless since you will not have anything to read . 
  i am not saying it is impossible to find stuff , but it will be more difficult than simply finding a book or stone inscription buried in an old building . 
  unfortunately not !, 
  smoking and frappe , the original all natural greek laxative . 
  always paired with a football newspaper of your choice to be used throught all the procedures . . 
  it is . 
  they are not evwn speeding or evading . 
  they are like , `` meh '' . 
  i dont think you have the time to realise what you are seeing before you become stardust . 
  concidering how stupid the whole affair went down , it would be the only conspiracy theory i might believe . . 
  we have no idea what happened to her though . 
  it is mentioned that she will die at a point by her own famine but not when . 
  i think you mean arda as the name f the world ? 
  soooo if today a leader nuked a city of his own country simply to supress the rebels he would be condidered `` not too bad '' ? 
  ffs reddit contrarianism at its most absurd . 
  `` hey man i can kill you but i just decided to cut your hand '', 
  `` hey man thats not so good '', 
  or they are both extremely heinous acts by an utterly evil person . 
  1 . be attractive, 
  2 . not be unattractive, 
  `` draining the swamp '', 
  yeah unfortunately that joke about the empire has gone actually serious i am afraid , so poe 's law : /, 
  the first episode is like a completely different series in tone . 
  it still has personal drama but it gets way darker . 
  it hit the walking dead problem .
