  his username is the abbreviation of [ fallout brotherhood of steel ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fallout:_brotherhood_of_steel ) , a universally hated game by fans and destroyed by the critics . 
  its a troll . 
  it seems to be the first letters i f in greek and combined into one . 
  in a capital phi the lines are not the exact same size normally but the lower one is bigger . 
  dont forget his dark materials ... 
  half naked beefed up , oiled rommel . 
  i agree mostly witg what you say , except the issues about lt dike and blithe . 
  its very problemaric since they are major characters in their respective episodes , and blithes wrong fate is not even mentioned off hand but right in your face . 
  remember that we are talking about real life people that got their image smeared , especially dike . 
  and they were easy mistakes to catch with a background check . 
  i dont know about op but in greece you have small garbage cans with a plastig trash bag . 
  when it is full you pick it up and throw it in the garbage . 
  weird to you i would guess but its xommon in countries that used to not have a main sewer . 
  yould read the link then . 
  the series present the attack in foy as dike panicking , getting erratic and in the end completely freezing . 
  in reality he stopped advancing because he was * shot * and had to be evacuated by a medic after the battle . 
  pretty major oversight since they based a major battle scene around his perceived incompetence . 
  imagine if it was nixon or even winters in his place . 
  he was relied because he was shot . 
  quite a difference . 
  plus you miised the part where he got a medal for saving soldiers under firem mean there is artistic licence and then there is outright making stuff up . 
  did you posted a source that gives the view winters had ? 
  because thats the one ambrose also used . 
  so winters is god and sees all ? 
  the guy got * two * brozen stars , one before the battle in foy . 
  and it was another easy trooper that saw him get shot . 
  after reading about dikes and blythes portayal i am starting to second guess sobel 's also . 
  it seams to me ambrose based most of his stories from 2-3 people , and inserted their unfiltered personal opinions and judgments . 
  thank god then because they would have presented it wrong then . 
  dictatorhips generally are very cirrupt and inefficient due to fear , backstabing and bureucrat in fighting . 
  until you realise how easy is to drown . . 
  r/worldnews and other defaults are pretty annoying for a lot of people anyways . 
  remember that reddit tends to attract the vocal part and then turn into an echo chamber by * design * . 
  meh i think it actually renforces and festers those tendencies . 
  yelling `` i am a misanthrope ! '', 
  in reddit and having yelled back `` yeah me too !, 
  wan na create a group ? '', 
  is not exactly a normal situation . 
  its no wonder hating people find refuge in the internet since it is the only way to network , because in real life they will have the majority giving them hell . 
  the explosion of far right in reddit is a good example . 
  weird you say that considering the us will probably elect their first woman president right after their first black president . 
  trump was initially getting support mostly due to his populist anti-establishment sendiment . 
  when racists and sexists came out of the woodworks , that do exist in more numbers than they should unfortunately , he started rapidly losing ground from the mainstream . 
  they are not the majority by far though . 
  its most a problem with republicans going full on superconservative in their rhetoric the last 15 years and that bite them in the ass when the other noninees where relatively more mainstream as they normaly are . 
  its probably going to take years to get back into presidentship unless clinton royally fucks up . 
  really interesting that pinpoints greece as a us pawn when in reality it was one of the very few european countries that protested the nato intervention and has normally good relations with serbia . 
  yep . 
  i would like to point out though that the vast majority did not support this kind of shit . 
  most of the protests in greece was supported by the left versus the `` perceived '' imperialism of us and its allies . 
  r/enlightenedbirdmen are that way you two legged traitor !, 
  translation :, 
  above picture : `` greeks !, 
  rise up ! '', 
  bellow picture :, 
  `` the barbarians are slaughtering our brothers . . 
  burn our villages ... . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kilkis ) men of krespa ! . . what are you waiting for?to arms ... '', 
  `` just because we are illiterate does n't mean you are * smarter * . 
  people can be fools in different ways . '', 
  damn i got gilded and called an upvote whore for the first time ... 
  i experienced the ( in ) famous reddit fame roller-coaster in the span of few hours !, 
  what a day !, 
  pretty deep message for a rather simplistic propaganda picture , especially since it would be difficult to get exposure to greeks . 
  i think the artist was simply not that well informed . 
  hah thanks !, 
  however paying real life money to turn them into internet approval points should definitely count as some way of `` whoring '' . 
  lots of greks did . 
  and lots of them , along with ethnic turks and albanians fought versus the ottomans . 
  but at the start of the greek kingdom , and especially after the disastrous wars of 1897 and 1922 being greek meant being orthodox by default , to further distance the nascent state from the ottoman empire , and lots of them got deported , baptized or exchanged for other orthodox greeks from mainland turkey.its no miracle greece managed to achieve a * 94 * % + homogeneity in ethnicity and religion by the last part of the 20th century something unique for all the other post-ottoman nations , that even today are experiencing major issues with minorities . 
  they were n't a majority , but they [ existed ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_muslims ) . 
  the greek orthodox church also has catholic in its title . 
  i mean someone * could * sue ... the probabilities of someone actually doing so are shit though . 
  i am as close to a `` rabid fan '' of king as you can , but to be honest that is not a difficult thing to pull . 
  his endings are very hit and miss especially in his later works . 
  i have heard about that scene with the young gang for many years . 
  i always thought people where exagerating . 
  when i finally read a part of it i had to stop from the cringe . 
  apart from the squickiness , it reads like a 0.99 $ kindle erotica . 
  yeah you forgot to include the lengthy retraining of almost everyone to the new engine * before * they can even start . . 
  ehhh he snaps out of it and the series very clearly shows it was a dumb move . 
  ehhh he snaps out of it and the series very clearly shows it was a dumb move . 
  if you watch the actual canon , clone wars , the senate was a puppet by that time and hardly a democracy . 
  also you forget that the political solution was condidered lost when one of said senators saw troopers gunning down a ~ ~ child ~ ~ youngling right in front of him . 
  what, 
  and that was the case in almost every single country until the early/middle 20th century . 
  the same time by the way that democracies started outpacing outright monarchism or oligarchy where almost none could affect power . 
  your point ? 
  no , the commenter never said the `` systems where exactly the same '' period , he was pointing out the connection between * citizenship * and voting rights , which is * indeed * the same as the present day . 
  you brought up the suffrage ( connection between sex and voting rights ) and land ( ownership and voting rights ) which while seriously different , had nothing to do with the comment . 
  ethics are arbitrary . 
  nature does n't give a fuck yo . 
   well , i 'm glad you cleared that up . 
  it 's good to know that killing pet animals is at least as okay as killing your entire family in front of you . 
  hmmm . 
  there has been reports of mothers committing suicide with their children ( i.e. 
  killing their family ) to avoid rape , mutilation and then death from conquerors . 
  is this an ethical move or not ? 
  is it equivalent with a guy with mental issues killing his children in their sleep ? 
  what is the difference ?
