  according to your opinion the pilots that flew the early planes in air races and shows and influenced their design evolution where just consumers playing with toys . 
  and i tried to explain to you why it is not uneeded risks . 
  autonomous and in the future completely self driving cars provide way safer , efficient and lower polluting driving . 
  so people want to experience this . 
  where is the risk ? 
  that the company is not god to not forsee any imaginable scenario . 
  what is riskier , choosing the oroven more damgerous way of manual drive ? 
  that label exists mostly becayse ir is not apparent how hot the drink might be . 
  is there not an indicatio in tesla that autonomous driving should be monitored and its not a magical 100 % safe way ? 
  pretty much what i was trying to say, 
  same . 
  i opened my store in 2012 . 
  it took some days , mostly because there was no online firms i could use and i had to physically go to the tax bureau , social security registration etc and they only work until 14 pm . 
  the problem is that you have to pay for those registrations , and you have to pay social security immidietely which starts from 400 . 
  i am not aware the situation for bigger bussinesses . 
  he is saying bullshit generalisations . 
  while corruption is a major problem , you dont n & eed * to have connection to open a bussiness, 
  greece self service is unheard off unless it is an extremely populated place and in belgium it is rare . 
  they sounded like a bunch of douchbags irrelevant of their ethinicity or where they did that . 
  a german , haitian swede etc would be pissed equally because they where abusing * the absteact representation of the country * that hosts them . 
  as someone who 's never been on / r/atheism it seems fairly accurate, 
  his reddit name translates to `` scientist '' from greek . 
  definetely not out yet !, 
  well , they where . 
  he was a rare poster tgu . 
  his most frequent posrs had weeks between them . 
  absurd ? 
  in the era where antivaxers are spreading through facebook shitposts ? 
  are you sure its not worse ? 
  he is teasing you . 
  king tut * is * the pharaoh . 
  fuck us to extintion ? 
  i have handled a lot through the years . 
  all you forget that tdk is considered a masterfull movie as it is , irellevant of superheroes . 
  and on drugs . 
  yeah i can safely say you are rising the antichrist . 
  well its a long discussion , but that could be considered a bit `` back to the roots '' for batman . 
  he whole schtick is that he is just a extremely well trained , but * normal * dude . 
  until ww1 germany was considered the scientific heart of the world , even by the british * , so you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  * and that was a bit more fuel on the fire of mistrust that led to the war . 
  do you know what action -  reaction means ? 
  you just described what reactionary means in your own post :, 
  `` analysing the failure , the men 's rights movement was funded '', 
  i have read a very thorough comment around here describing that his campaign was already stalling , and that scream was simply the nail in the coffin . 
  check eli5 i think . 
  feminism is progressive , so a movement that is created to counter that is called . . what ? 
   and what is third-wave feminism but a counter to the second wave ? 
  umm i am sorry , what part of the second wave are they fighting against ? 
  which one of two groups is defending the status quo , or want to return to it ? 
  if you think that feminists are the status quo you have a very perverted picture of the world my friend . 
  or that they is one solid group that encompasses and promotes all the staff you wrote down . 
  i totally freaked out for a minute thinking i had the worst deja vu in history until i saw your comment . 
  of course it is a repost : https://www.reddit.com/r/wallpapers/comments/26fg1c/my_friend_has_his_phone_set_up_so_posts_on_this/, 
  ignoring the rumbling of the dude , for fucks shake tha video is fake , quite obviously . 
  i think it is a reanactment for internal propaganda purposes by the japanese and the voice over fails to clear it up . 
  * maybe * some scenes are from the real attack . 
  it was the first cold war civil war . 
  its not us famous as the korean or vietnam because ussr didnt fully support the communist side so the us didnt escalate with us troops . 
  leaving mostly greeks killing each other for 4 years . 
  you might have to dodge a couple of ied 's on the streets around grande place , but if you are prepared and informed you will be ok . a very informative and up to date [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ikqxu-5jw60 ) to get you started . 
  presicly, 
  you can easily find a big studio with that amount of money . 
  have we played the same game ? 
  may i remind you the taris `` find the dead bodies '' or `` find the serum '' quests or how in dantoine you cant go fro point a to point b to have a simple conversation without having to fight a bazillion kath hounds ? 
  i am not defending swtor as much as pointing the flaws of kotor 1 . 
  i tried to play it again to get my star wars dose , but switched to the mmo , since after knowing the storyline , the grind becomes very obvious so why not do it with better graphics and a fresh story . 
  the game is pretty much set up in a linear way between cities , at least until the hub . 
  shady sands , vault 15 * , junktown , hub , necropolis ** , brotherhood to get the glow quest , glow , brotherhood , boneyard , cathedral , mariposa . 
  you should ve sufficient level and then some if you follow this . 
  * i tend to ignore vault 15 . 
  nothinguch to do there . 
  * while the game nudges you towards necropolis right after the hub , i personally go first glow/brotherhood to pick all the neat stuff . 
  if you know what you are doing its a breeze to get the best gear in the game . 
  hints : leave nothing unexplored there . 
  hit your enemies while they are still down . 
  its not a place to play friendly games . 
  ahh i can give you the solution about that because it is the only `` puzzle '' of its kind in the game and not obvious on what you need to do : get a rope from the hub . 
  one if the beams in the hole is usable . . 
  yep . 
  however i dont know your built to suggest skills , except energy weapons . 
  past hub start rising that if it is not high already . 
  double post !, 
  everyone was gearing for war and the situation was a mexican standoff . 
  germany invaded belgium because russia , an ally of france that was already mobilising due to austria . 
  belgium was considered the most plausible avenue of attack . 
  that brought the uk to the war . 
  by the situation in europe at the time , the war was inevitable from all sides . 
  if you really want to find an aggresor the best candidate is austria who seriously underestimated the russian responce in their balkan shenanigans and the following clusterfuck . 
  how does this make a different argument ? 
  austria attacked serbia . 
  this brought russia and , due to alliances , germany and france where out of options . 
  germamy was not happy with austria for starting the war , but they had no option but to hit france asap * before * france hit them . 
  its like calling usa an aggresor if a us ally gets into a war and usa intervenes because the other side de facto considers us a belligerent . 
  holy fuck why my red shirt turned blue when i read your comment ? 
  thats not a spoiler for kotor 2 . . 
  then you get a sidewinder in the face . 
  no mason here , but i think the question has more to do with `` do * you * believe that the universe exists for a purpose ? '', 
  instead of `` is there a god '' . 
  atheists have a problem because according to their views , universe is a completely random occurrence . 
  every piece of info presented in the book comes directly or indirectly from the regime .
