  mfw when you realize a big percentage of the greek debt went to gpus . 
  well maybe they should respect laws so you dont go to jail . 
  500 families destroyed * per year * for absolutely no reason except `` muh rights ! '' . 
  yeah no issue . 
  also they have the fantasy that all 300m will simply waiting for the signal to raise up against the goverment in a single coordinated group . 
  while this has never happened , even in their precious indepedence war . 
  at some point the game itself will not be able to hold up even in the best possible computer . 
  the problem is after a while they will not be able to update the game to keep up with new tech or they will it a bottleneck on what the base code can do if they want to do a fancy dlc . 
  isnt a marine always a marine unless dishonorly discharged ? 
  i know that and i am a europoor . . 
  white peace happebed in korea . 
  vietnam was a loss when the intention was to prop up and support s.vietnam . 
  since that state doesnt exist anymore its a loss . 
  you dont need to have your capital conquered to claim a defeat . 
  its a bit more generic term that can mean all these depending on context . 
  usually its about a family bond . 
  4 out of 5 !, 
  onwards to get myslef a titan then !, 
  we should create a mastery/achievement board for these things ... 
  the problem is that those that vote might start increasing the restrictions to safeguard their power by making more difficult for certain groups to serve for example . 
  possibly leading to complete oligarchy at some point . 
  remember that democracy started with only landed men able to vote , and there have been huge fights ( literal and political ) for centuries to open it to all . 
  this could be in the reverse . 
  and i just commented how this system could evolve . 
  the problem is they tried to do both and failed spectacularly . 
  `` make sure there is no danger '', 
  passengers have to walk though at least propellers to take their seats ... 
  you dont need to be more carefull all of a sudden . 
  you need to be a decent friend , whether you are straight or not . 
  if you somehow fuck up a friend trying to win a girl/boy that simply being an idiot . 
  he doesnt know what he is talking about , unless he is 16 or something . 
  they would make a dumbed down version with a chat wheel and instatravel quest markers . 
  fuck no . 
  he had the charavter completely destroying the 4th wall in the early days ( the filler comic with fans letters ? 
  the wizards of the coast lawyers ? ), 
  heck the very first comic is just a joke about version changes . 
  and elan is equal to deadpool on molesting the wall as his character attribute . 
  things have gone better , not worse . 
  the cochroaches are pretty much a greek chorus live commenting on the action from a viewers perpective , without influencing the story directly . 
  i think he are heading in a full loop back to the very first gate . 
  xykon holding the dungeon and trying to use the door while the order is going through the monster infested dungeon trying to stop him . 
  i never visited the forums yet the joke made sense to me . 
  it pokes fun in the guessing game on who is under the umbrella , and you do n't need to visit the forums to wonder that , and how the monster seems to have evolved as a character . 
  its a mod that causes the bugs . 
  the company has no obligation to try and keep the game stable for the myriad mods that exist , it would be a nightmare . 
  the devs lead and modders follow . 
  this . 
  there where a lot of talk about the cost and there was a real push from the responcible goverments on how they were a good investment . 
  however , since the numbers where cooked , noone knew the true extend of the incoming destruction . 
  the discussion was about mod stability witg version update . 
  any issues about core game stability is another matter entirely . 
  its because they are decent comic films ( and some of the first ) but with their own character . 
  the main mcu movies , especially since first avenger , have great similarities between them , in production values , cast ( duh ) , script etc. 
  while not russia or the us , calling greece * tiny * is simply wrong ( 50k m2 , 20k m2 bigger than south korea ) . 
  as a matter of fact , there has been a time where the country has been split in two , with two goverments , one in athens and one in thessaloniki , funcioning at the same time . 
  and during ww2 athens wasnt as urbanised as it is now , so the population of the city was far lower leaving manpower free . 
  there is no chance the whole country would capitulate simply from a paratrooper drop unless there was another conventional attack forcing the army to fight in two fronts . 
  thats a cute poodle ... 
  his whole role pretty much sounds like the president of the hellenic republic in greece . 
  technically he is the head of state , but in effect he has ceremonial roles , is there to symbolically discuss the situation with the party leaders when there is an impasse , proclaim elections ( he does n't really decide when and if thu ) and diplomatic visits . 
  so this model is hardly monarchical . 
  you dont really drink alcohol for the taste . . 
  if you havent the taste for alcohol , the good for you !, 
  i was just pointing that the thing that dusgusts you is not what drinkers really care . 
  i too have used this . 
  gary !, 
  we got the joke . 
  it just fell so flat that they are having a party in r/flatearth because they found their new head mod . 
  what do you mean . 
  why in wales ? 
  edit : ooohhhhh ... 
  if debt shenanigans of that magnitude ever started happening , i would start hoarding bottle caps as fast as possible . . 
  the what ? 
  i thought it was pretty obvious !, 
  it was way too friendly ( and a bit condesating ) considering the levrl of participants . 
  any head of state would have felt annoyed i think . 
  well i think i just found the next volunteer for the arena . 
  the type of lunatic that, 
  kyles mom is a big , fat , stupid biiiiiiiiiitchh !!!!, 
  you are maximum 3 hours drive/bus from france , germany and netherlands . 
  bad if you have a world war coming up , super if you live here now !, 
  yeah , only semi autos are available to civilians ... 
  this is in civ . 
  in ac you get `` x faction has started constructing a project '', 
  no matter the sides , some army , somewhere , will try to pass through . 
  might be the beers . 
  eh it was a joke . 
  it fall kinda flat if we overanalyse it . 
  perhaps it is a dutch joke . 
  i think you should head to r/badhistory and read a bit . 
  you are thinking in way that is commonly dissected and explained there . 
  to give you a bit of an answer now , the greek/roman steam toys would still need a lot of other technological advancements to turn ito proper steam machines . 
  so no matter the political situation , the industrial revolution was still very far off . 
  i read somewhere that urban areas might effect myopia due to how close things ( buildings for example ) are compared to open countryside . 
  any valid info/speculation about this ? 
  i would watch a woman centric mafia movie , if it had actresses of big caliber for the main roles . 
  but not godfather please . 
  there is no possible way of a zombie apocalypse hapenning unless everyone is the idiot . 
  the most realistic virus ( not zombies ) apocalypse movie is contagion . 
  double realistic if you compare with the recent ebola pandemic .
