as a greek i am ashamed i did know about this.thank you for introducing me to this . 
  whoa.saved . 
  hmm , that song would be awesome when i took down the republic of amalfi and turned it to my personal kingdom as a rebelled vassal.i can imagine having troubadours playing it over and over and over to those republican assholes annoyance . 
  i just found what i am going to see tonight!thank you . 
   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgd9nyqvz2s, 
  goosebumps.and i am not even british . 
  right in feelings.but that song was only in eu2?i have played it?i am confused . 
  barry lyndon.the battles were so few : / . i will definitely see black robe.but i hope the executive who choose the `` packs twice the punch of dances with wolves '' tagline should be found , assassinated by dropping him from the battlements and have his descendants cleansed by a string of mysterious deaths that same day . 
   posted this in the other thread which disappeared or something . 
  yes i am very sorry , i reposted with my new username to replace my generic one i made 2 years ago before actually using reddit.thanks for reposting . 
  is there any way someone could help ? 
  i really wanted to see it , but i learned they canceled it ; / . do they wrap up the story lines or it leave you hanging ? 
  i will keep this when they definitely make a dlc extending the timeline with napoleon :d, 
  i would love to hear how it was.i might do a euiv week with my gf watching movies and series . 
  yeah that sound 's borgias alright.i might give it a try after i have finished the tudor 's . 
  i think it ends earlier.if it does end on 1820 . then it is all the way to the death of napoleon . 
  yup.end date is [ 31 dec 1820 . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/europa_universalis_iv ) . then this movie is more than appropriate . 
  i think you found your cryptonite . 
  deserts, 
  i want to make a music mod researching public domain songs.like , dozens of songs so you cant get bored . 
  wearing my conquistadores costume now ... 
  check my post for suggestions about eu iv themed things classical or not as [ suggested by redditors ] ( http://en.reddit.com/r/paradoxplaza/comments/1k7rss/eu_ivs_last_24_hours_before_releasesuggest_things/ ), 
  unfortunately i am in europe.by i just renamed my female poodle cortez and make her an advisor . 
  hey i was in that chat ; /, 
  i rarely play greece/byzantium in any game.when you know the history of the area too much , getting ahistorical seems more jarring than a country you do n't know that well.having an italian south africa is n't so ugly as a greek horn of africa . 
  i agree with him.simple and clear rules.you break it , you take some alone time . 
  spotify is not available in all countries ( like mine for example ) . however if i ever get to do it will not be just a bunch of music.it will probably change depending of the decade/century ( for ck2 and eu4 ) . even better if its country dependent . 
  i am judging you right now . 
  victoria 1 did not have thousands of paradoxian noobs getting bloodied in crusader kings 2 , and now even more in euiv , and will be craving with dozens of saves for an actually fun vic3 . 
  i was worried eu iv would be that.it is n't . they know what the core of each game is and they support it . 
  and taxes !!, 
  considering the games they make , that took a lot of time ... i am now waiting for 50 drunk swedes to invade england on a motorboat crying `` for the old gods ! '', 
  and now i want to order some gyros with everything ... 
   more greeks fought for the persian empire than macedon during his wars of conquest-which was conducted by the armies of macedon . 
  what the hell are you talking about ... i have heard absurd things in my life ... 
  first of all , i think you should not bring rl politics in this particular subreddit . 
  second of all , until the 1800 's there was n't any perception of ethnicity as we perceive it today . 
  third , civilization just portrays what the majority of historians have decided : ancient macedonia was either a hellenic or thoroughly hellenized kingdom.macedonians ( and the spartans ) were called barbarians for political reasons by athens to discredit them.their admission to the olympic games and alexander 's offering to the parthenon are some pretty strong indications about that.finally that has nothing to do with the name of present day macedonia . 
  according to wikipedia ( * engels ( 1920 ) and green ( 1990 ) * ) at most where 10000 to 100k army.at most 10 % . in one battle.hardly tens of thousands of greeks fighting against alexander ( and you know , merceneries . . ), 
  someone ripped off dnd ... 
  navies can seriously drain your wallet in ck2 . 
  meh ... it feel less grand strategy and more tactical strategy . . 
  yeah but that +1 stacking bonus for every round . . 
  personal preferences of course.i might got jaded because i read a review article comparing it with the panzer general games.yeah , no . 
  nahh i think he is spewing yo mama jokes across the atlantic . 
  3.5 for rolls that require multiple rounds.usually for environmental damage.for example , you are underwater.roll d20 against 15 dc to hold breath.each round underwater the dc rises +1 . so each round you have to roll higher and higher to simulate how difficult is to hold your breath for long.it can be used both as a bonus and as hidrance . 
   if the airlock failed , it would be bad . 
  we have been very , very lucky with our space adventures so far.when accidents happen , i wonder why people are shocked.we are throwing people between worlds on giant bombs for gods sake , what did you expect , the safety of your sedan ? 
  way , way simpler.i never got to win a single battle except poland.and i play really hard games . 
  from my own limited understanding , think trade routes as rivers.water ( monies ! ), 
  flows through them towards nodes.you traders can do two things in nodes.either change the flow or get some water from the node.trade power is your bucket , when bigger you get more water each time ( month ) based on technology and light ships patroling the node.however you can take water only from nodes where you have provinces ( use the trade map to see the regions of each ) . so what about diverting?lets use an example.alexandria is a node.it gives flow to two other nodes , constantinople and venice.you can only take money from venice since you have provinces on its region , so you send one to alexandria to divert flow towards venice and less towards constantinoble.another usefull example are pipes and switches.you use the traders to switch the flow of monies towards your well . 
  i am sorry , but most of us would be dead . . 
  yup.i only have played single provinces so far so i did n't know how two centers of trade work . 
  i bet he has military 6 . 
  no problem.i am player of paradox titles for years , and everytime i play a new title i got what i call the `` paradox shock '' . what the hell is all these stuff.i usually pass my first hours staring at the screen.then i click a button , unpause , wait for my country to collapse , if not , repeat . 
  but the ai is brutal in my games so far ... i am scared sometimes . 
  thank you !, 
   so trade nodes are like water faucets , and i can select which faucet to open more and let more water through ? 
  correct . 
   what if i 'm a country like say hungary where the nearest trade node is in krakow, 
  i have n't yet played a country that has no province in a trade region.i do n't know.remember you do n't have to own the trade center , just have a province on the trade 's center zone ( trade map is helpful ) . 
   and since most trade nodes do n't lead to my specific node does that mean i need to play some real gymnastics to get the flow going through multiple ports to eventually lead to mine ? 
  prety much.you can either focus on trade ideas , so if you get better trade power you can divert more towards your node or/and conquer the trade nodes leading to you , so you have extra extra power diverting.trade wars will be fun in mp ... 
  i really didnt mind that detail at all.it is plausible with future tech.but chartographers getting lost and scientists taking of their helmets in obviously contaminated areas . . no . 
  someone have wedged hot steel in your arm fastest than the sound.i am surprised you were conscious.remember most people cry like a litle babies when they hit their little toe . . 
  emphasis on `` few '', 
  saving private ryan . 
  ehh the same guy that married a persian to promote unity right ? 
  to me it was the helmet and the snake killing the biologist thing that insta killed the movie.i am a 28 year old with no phd at all and i know not to do these things.it was a bad movie . 
  i know what he did.but applying modern morals to ancient people is a no no.burning your rivals was ( and some argue is , for example hiroshima and dresden ) a valid way to instill fear to future enemies.the athenians did it , the romans did it , and almost everyone did the same.alexander was praised for so many centuries , because until at least the 20th century , war was glorified , and he was considered the exemplar of military genius.nowadays there is a backslash , and historic revisionism that goes all the way to the other side.thing is , we was n't any different than anyone else on his time.persians burned acropolis and were the first to invade.there are no good guys in war . 
  so it is going to work like like dayz.limited players but persistent world.i like it . 
  [ whoa . 
  ] ( http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/203/685/conspiracy-keanu.jpg ), 
  most posters are experienced players so there is usually no need for strategy discussion unless something extraordinary happened ( like the guy that conquered europe with the iroquois in ei3 ) the rest are new players asking the basics . 
  vanilla end date was 1 jan 1454 since this is the end of the year constantinople fall , so it is an arbitrary date to end medieval times . 
   had they not essentially ousted their best general ( who then defected to sparta ) they likely would have won too . 
  debatable.but surely nicias would not be alone to fubar so much . 
  but they also had a badass general . . 
  what many people are confusing is that the question is `` does a god-like entity exists ? '', 
  nor `` does the god from the bible exists ? 
  i am sorry , but i am an agnostic that believes any answer is moot , and atheists or theist are trying to find a solution in an unsolvable problem.by definition , we would not be able to perceive any god-like entity or the absence of it.what am i ? 
  dangerous link . 
  do n't click . 
  google and my antivirus went crazy . 
  is that for or against my comment ? 
  greek here of age 28 . i have yet to give a bribe , ever.you forget to tell that a lot of people have the mentality to want to give `` presents '' to the good doctor after the operation even if he does not ask . 
  the us bill is way way bigger than the fakelaki . 
  unwise from my perspective.keep the republics small and contained because of the always on -30 hit on the relations.i give them the lowest possible counties , as small a duchy as possible and keep them printing money for me.because they * will * jump on the independence bandwagon as soon as possible , adding to the percentage for firing up a rebellion.and you do n't really get any differences in income based on their rank , but i think the trade technology of their counties does ( more trade posts allowed ) . 
  any job in the hospitality industry actually ... 
  having patrician kings with a dozen counties and a permanent -30 can really mess your day thu. . 
  also , a hundred year old woman hooking up with a teenager ... 
  and actually a better love story then another couple where the teenage protagonist is in love with a hundred year old . . 
  i do n't know about you , but my vassals tend to rebel when i am committed to the other side of the empire and my retinues are at 50 % . something about a certain count von murphy ... 
  long live hollandia ^ 2 !, 
  throw her out and throw a bible in her head . 
  `` defend yourself '', 
  nothing at all.mars has a thin atmosphere so it is already more radioactive due to the sun.also its a barren rock with ( so far ) no life . 
  eventually they will have to.unless they discover teleportation . 
  none of this romances started with the teenage counterpart being immortal.and even then an immortal 15 year old is still a 15 year old .
