  the combat seems to be practically unchanged , and still a bit clunky ( pay attention when he tries to charge with the spear riding the horse ) . 
  definitely not something i would like to see after 5 years for development . 
  and i really hope you can turn off those leader messages , wtf ? 
  citadel sturdiness is another can of worms . 
  no its not . 
  unless the company at least offers decent qa ( but then we are talking about micro dlc , with the difference that bethesda doesnt bother with worker rights , contracts and such frivolities ) , they will simply get a cut of the pie only based on intellectual rights . 
  this is a huge mess waiting to happen . 
  this was the case with outposts though . 
  they could lower the training times for t1 ships and modules . 
  but no $ $ to gain that way . 
  i mean , we are experiencing the end result now , they didnt start in 2017 . 
  just the aurum to plex change would take a year of planning , coding , testing etc, 
  well , skyrim has survived for many many years and regularly was at top seller list way past its expected life cycle , so i do n't know who would lose in that case . 
  what a nice way to discuss stuff . 
  no i dont ment revamp the combat entirely but built on it or fix some clanky animations/hitbox issues . 
  bethesda benefits in way better degree . 
  and if this will make the mod ecosystem better i think you need to rethink it . 
  they could have just unlocked t1 except caps entirely and just keep the skills there for the bonuses and to get to the t2 abd faction versions . 
  voila , new players are not locked out from playstyles because they have to wait for arbitary skills to train , and they still have to train to specialise and/or get better ships for the playstyle they trully like . 
  thats not an argument . 
  there are good practices and bad practices even in the corporate world . 
  even with the logic of cold hard capitalism injectors are a bad idea because it is a short term money grab . 
  why is it short term ? 
  because after you have payed $ $ for the first couple you realise the grind for isk , skill points and real life exoerience is * still * there unless you keep forking more $ $ . 
  instead of fixing the always problematic player retention they just frisk them for as much money they can on the way to the exit door . 
  while i agree , that doesnt mean that we , as loyal customers , cant call them out what shitlords they are . 
  highsec should be the safest possible space with the least possible income to the game . 
  lowsec should be way more dangerous but still allow all kinds of players to intermingle and favor small groups ( like pirate bands or young corps that want to try this pvp thing everyone is talking about ) . 
  null should be complete sandbox and empire building where player interactions reigns supreme . 
  second best income in the game but also dangerous . 
  wormholes should be the best possible income bar none , but be extra dangerous and difficult to get into . 
  i mean those philosophies are there , but ccp has mucked up with half finished concepts , mixup of philosophies and plain inability to iterate . 
  uhh what ? 
  the gaming industry is stewn with mmo corpses . 
  half the ganes you listed are not even mmo games . 
  i would not think so , since the price is not a glitch . 
  the alpha and omega for a ceo are people skills not isk or citadels . 
  not only being charismatic , but also have the patience to interact with numerous random people everyday and keep your wits . 
  you will take the role of a parent , teacher , door to door salesman , bureucrat , and it support all at once . 
  i am not exaggerating . 
  he wants to create a completely new corp solo without any preexisting group and he will include new players . 
  so he will have to do those for quite a bit of time before he finds people to delegate , and even then he will still have the oversight . 
  the ring fell of into a deep deep pasage inside a moyntain that was filled by evil goblins and who knows what else , that would ultimately lead it to his master . 
  instead it was found ... by a hobbit ?!, 
  it was obviously not the rings will to go like this . 
  she could have been a spirit outside arda , from the dark beyond that leeched of the light of the world like a tick , a parasite . 
  at thats my understanding . 
  this is definetely boatmurdered . 
  if the lava weapon wasnt an indication , the `` multiple generations '' is about the save being passed from player to player . 
  1 ) i an guessing you are still drunk because this is the wrong sub and b ) chances are extremely low , greek police by themselves generally doent give a single fuck , digital piracy is huge . 
  unless you own a torrent/subtitle page or sell bootlegged dvds in the black market that will cause the local equivelent of mpaa or irs to come after you you have better chances of getting bit by a shark . 
  tofh was not made for a proper campaign anyways . 
  back then any story was mostly a backround to the gamers trying to overcome tha dangers mechanically , it was more a `` tabletop '' than a `` storytelling '' game . 
  i think you should mention what `` type '' of christian you are . 
  because what you describe doesnt agree with either the the catholic not the orthodox dogma . 
  its a boatmurdered reference . 
  the `` multiple generations '' refers to boatmurdered being a succesion game . 
  well damn , but that reference does n't make any sense outside of boatmurdered . 
  very few forts , if any , survived for `` generations '' . 
  except if you survive those 2 weeks you had to make do without electricity , food or medicine , contaminated water and soil , debris everywhere , no police , firefighters or army , not infrastructure or transportation ( gas only last a month of so ) and high chances that most educated workers like doctors and engineers are either way too few or radioactive dust !, 
  it would be better to just get in the bunk , seal the exhaust , lay on the bed and just be done with it . 
  so you want to choose berween diying in an instant versus dying slowly from radiation poisoning ( your body liquifies slowly ) , diseases like cholera or simply wither due to famine . 
  nice . 
  so instead of the possibility of total human extintion we are talking getting back to preindustrial levels . 
  i mean , just imagine what would happenn if the top cities of most major nations just turned to dust in a matter of hours . 
  you just wiped out out most major ports , industrial and financial centers . 
  it would take decades or centuries to get back on track . 
  yay ? 
  there is no victory in a nuclear war . 
  nuclear war is not just `` any war '' . 
  the survivors of hiroshima and nagasaki didnt have to content with a completely destroyed country and a completly destroyed world . 
  ahh yes and who rebuilted most of europe ? 
  us and the soviets . 
  but who will rebuilt if the vast majority of urban centers around the world would look like dresden or berlin ? 
  no worldwide banking system , no oil distilleries , no global trade , chances are a lot govetments in various countries will simply not survive , and thats just * some * of the cataclysmic problems that would arise . 
  most of the oil field and refineries around the world will probably cease to exist . 
  just the us has a strategic oil reserve that will last a couple of months at best if it doesnt get incinerated as well . 
  dams and power plants will be primary or secondary targets and the grid itself will suffer tremendously from the blast , and most techs will be either dead or dispersed to fix it up . 
  so no electricity or gas for quite a while , meaning food production will be severly diminished , ignoring the millions of acres of contaminated soil that will be need to upturned and replaced . 
  doesnt sound like the 50s to me . 
  i said it will be better , not that many people would do it . 
  the survival instict is way too atrong and irrational , even if it means forcing you to experience a literal hell in earth before a miserable death . 
  i am just happy i live in a place that will be ground zero so the decision will never present itself . 
  oooooo semantics lawyering !, 
  havent seen it in a while . 
  i think dlc are turning into a problem , but you can not consider a grapgics dlc `` content '' . 
  my 20 + y.o genius ruler died a couple of years in his rein from scurvy leaving his kid to rule at age 8 . 
  he got scurvy while besieging a castle in the middle of russia . 
  the closest sea was thousands of kms away . 
  yet it was extremely strong for decades with thousands being members , and the ideology is still there . 
  so your point was ? 
  repeating doesnt stop it from being an empty argument . 
  christians comprised it and supported it for many , many years . 
  you arguments can be made for the extremist muslims as well . 
  which was the point of op . 
  i mean yeah , but it should be extreme difficult/forced . 
  and afaik its not deadly after 5 days ... 
  well color me surprised . 
  i still think the dying mere days after the onset is a bit overkill . 
  and this is a king not some random soldier without access of proper food .
