  if they ca n't check up their employees and need this technique to do so , they do n't deserve to be a company . 
  we have everything you describe except fusion . 
  it is n't mainstream , or cheap but it is there . 
  are we discussing how desirable they are * or * if they are scientifically possible ? 
  because we are discussing if we * can * build a `` space elevator '' structure , not if it will be profitable or 100 % like we imagined ( in case of cancer cure ) . 
  yes it does . 
  you never know if fusion will lead in scientific breakthroughs in 50 or 100 years . 
  people are arguing here about if it is technically possible . 
  you gave some examples of future technologies that are impossible . 
  yet we have them . 
  if it is economic or not is another discussion entirely ( it would be for * when * we have the materials , for we will have a lot more technology to already spread around the solar system ) . 
  it wo n't open the path to space , but it will turn it into a highway . 
  the christian crosses are between orthodox/catholic are interchangable . 
  you will find both in either . 
  the ppolice do not enforce the laws , the prosecution does . 
  you can get arrested and found not guilty you know . 
  man this guy makes [ i.y. 
  yunioshi ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_fedjnb1nyjy/tqqsrnedr8i/aaaaaaaaadq/u7x2zl2__p8/s1600/yunioshi.jpg ) from breakfast at tiffany 's look like a deep explorative character of genuine japanese culture . 
  well they * are * soldiers stationed in a war zone ( so yes to war part ) and it * is * a video ( so yes to footage part ) . 
  this is n't '' * depressing * war footage '' mate . 
  here we go again ... 
  ahhh america , land of the free ( market ) . 
  so what , the employers where slaves before the advent of social media ? 
  they did n't have no way to find out if their new employee was what they wanted before 2006 ?!, 
  fire the whole hr department we have twitter !, 
  i tell you am surprised !, 
  all those thousands upon thousands of people that got employed before apple , google and facebook existed and were actually decent workers , without some dupe sneaking in into their politically/sexual discussions they had in their free time . 
  [ ahem . . while no more asymmetrical . . ] ( http://www.ehdwalls.com/plog-content/images/1024x768/military/p-38-lightning-1-1024x768.jpg ), 
  i edited the comment 30 seconds after i posted goddamn you !, 
  plus ops plane will look exactly like that with another engine . 
  yes but i think the commenter who suggested another engine was talking about this . 
  hey twin !, 
  its a tool that can create a false image about a person . 
  a comment i made 5 years ago is not who i am today . 
  hell a friend can tag me in an inappropriate photo that i am not even aware off for months . 
  case in point i was working in an upscale hotel . 
  i had coworkers that were slutty or goth `` freaks '' or alternate or believe into nature spirits or whatever . 
  yet they where excellent employees and we were in an industry where customer service/hospitality is paramount . 
  should they be judged for their personal life 's ? 
  its not a new tool , its a lazy tool . 
   before people did n't voice their opinion as much , and did n't run the risk of offending clients and customers as much . 
  are you telling me controversial opinions or idiots did not exist before 2005 ? 
   how on earth you got slavery out of that , ill never know . 
  it was a figure of speech . 
  actually the the ship is almost exactly the same like p-35 . 
  and that 's a good thing of course . 
  but i think you are right , he just made a lame joke and i read too much into that . 
  i am ready to work as much as you want , i will do the leg work to get funding/promotion/whatever , and i can contract you that i will get at least a diploma to be able to help with coding . 
  is that good ? 
  i think you mean p-38 . 
  indeed i was . 
  well this discussion was not one of my best moments !, 
   2 ) hospitality isnt exactly the industry which things like this are common . 
  hospitality has middle managers that start from 5 figures/month and upwards . 
  or businesses like tui with $ 18.33 billion revenue or hilton with $ 9.735 billion usd are small fish ? 
   3 ) i am telling you people did n't have as many outlets to make their opinions known to the entire world . 
  political rallies smack middle of a public place exist since the 1700 's . 
  and your answer is irrelevant , because the point is not his opinions , but if he is a good employee . 
  if he is , he wont cause a problem anyways , if he is a douchbag , he will . 
  social snooping is not indicative in both situations . 
  if you are a good hr guy , you do n't need it . 
  1 ) hospitality doesnt have client with long term relationships with an individual person . 
  the hospitality industry the client has a relationship with the business . 
  the manner of the industry doesnt support the need for it like other industries too . 
  you have no idea how tour operators contracts and big hotels work do you ? 
  oh that is true but just because it is there and we have to be carefull it does n't mean its not lazy . 
  lower level folks are easy to change everywhere . 
  however they have the same chances to be a liability aslo ( see the cases with employees posting photos of licking/pissing on food etc ) . 
  as i said , douchbags can hurt you everywhere . 
  its the hrs job to protect you from that , and no facebook snooping will replace that . 
  you seem to have a personal experience with employee problems , care to give an example and why wans n'tt the hr that dropped the ball ? 
  what , is smoking any liability on their work ? 
  because sir , that 's not legal unless they smoke in the work space . 
  but can you imagine the shitstorm ? 
  how did you not see that coming ? 
  people that are like that tend to be very vocal about their opinions . 
  are there not any jews/blacks or whatever in your company ? 
  also owning a website is quite different from reddit comments for example . 
  he was making a conscious effort to be heard . 
   reddit comments are not a conscious effort to be heard ? 
  making reddit comments and paying for a website is quite different . 
  the weird thing is that you do n't seem to have an issue what he was , just that he was exposed , since if you did , you would worry for your screening process/interviews to weed out those elements as best as possible not their aim handle . 
  so you would be ok to work with a neonazi unless he had a facebook page ? 
  finally i read other comments of yours about `` reddit hates companies '' . 
  reddit does n't hate companies . 
  reddit hates companies that do n't give chance to people because they are smoking , yet give chances to people that run ponzi schemes on a national level . 
  i want you to watch [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=opz8ekk3ewy ) and really think about how you change people lives because they smoke . 
   a failed exploratory user interface . 
  exactly what could be chosen for a `` hip '' failed exploratory cloning theme park . 
  spiders are the batman of bugs.they are always there , silent , hidden in the shadows , ready to take down the enemies of the household with extreme efficiency , yet they are considered bad from the innocents they protect . 
  [ they are not the pest control we want . 
  they are the pest control we * need * . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftr89enlzpc ), 
  when you are already in space , the required force is not the same as launching from the planet . 
  and since it can be done with probes , we can create a series of spaceships that are always moving . 
  for example , a `` mule '' spaceship is in orbit that always gets close to mars and earth . 
  you send a small ship with the material , it meets the `` mule '' and docks , then they reach earth . the cargo ship is released and splashes down to the sea , while the `` mule keeps going on for the next cycle . 
  make a series of `` mules '' and send them in a such a way to always have one close to the planets , and you can have periodic deliveries with minimal cost . 
  there is something called aerobreaking . 
  the `` mules '' could use really slow but efficient ways to alter their course for example ion engines or solar sails or even both .
