  they should have kept always straight faced and grumpy , and paired him with a companion that kept him on check and brought him down to earth , using sarcasm perhaps . 
  like donna for example . 
  instead we got whatever the hell that was they wasted jenna coleman in . 
  such a gargantuan waste . . 
  but then it starts going downhill . . 
  same . 
  such a waste of both actors . 
  this is first season i did n't rush to see . 
  hopefully it bounces back after moffat leaves , but i think he gets too much flak for decisions made from bbc ( like enforcing childish elements and stories ) so the downward trend will continue i think . 
  ehhh i personally feel its a huge waste of money to pay for such things , but if we only went with quality of materials/production a picasso is the same as a 9th grader art painting and its `` just a name '' . 
   this applies to the metric system as well, 
  yes because asking 6,6 billion people to change their system to accommodate 400m is `` lazy '' . 
  it does n't work even as a joke . 
  but even then you have to split in two and the eastern part has to survive for more than 1000 years to overcome the romans . 
  good luck !, 
  ehh they look kinda decent kids trying to fit in with what is `` in '' right now and coming off as douches as the result . 
  shame . 
  worthy of r/shitamericanssay, 
   brick rigs, 
  man that game has a huge potential . 
  your example is not appropiate . 
  i think a better example would be a theater group doing a public perfomance in regular intervals whith an overaching plot . 
  then they do a donation drive for money that would be utilised for better costumes , more actors etc. 
  by now word of mouth has made the famous , with initial viewers giving free publicity to friends and family resulting into huge crowds appearing in every perfomance date , and the donation drive is a smashing success . 
  however , after the donation drive , perfomance dates are erratic with gaps measuring weeks or even months . 
  even when perfomances happen , the plot seems to be moving at a glacial pace . 
  and this happening at a point where the plor is nearing conclusion after many years . 
  are you not free to critisize ? 
  the creator is giving their `` free '' work and the spectators/readers give their `` free '' promotion and good reviews . 
  when one group stops giving , its understandable the other will as well . 
  this is still a transaction . 
  as i said `` word of mouth '' is a veritable , codified and fairly well known strategy in any marketing book . 
  another good example of this is `` free '' samples . 
  you seem to put emphasis on a clear and present agreement . 
  you dont need one . 
  the comic can be classified as product and the readers customers , even if both parties dont agree or even think in those terms . 
  doing voluntary work is * still * work , despite the fact you can stop at anytime without * direct * monetary reprecussions . 
  but they can still be pissed and bar you from any further interaction aka future work . 
  the bosses dont `` own '' you . 
  you dont `` own '' them . 
  but the reprecussions are tangible and expected . 
  you and others is like they are trying to say thay bartering is not a financial transaction because it doesnt use printed money or a contract . 
  we have greatly increased the scope of this discussion , but what the hell . 
  almost every human interaction is a transaction of shorts . 
  friendship , love , politeness . 
  you give something and you excpect something in return , even if its not written or codified anywhere . 
  i think `` final '' instead if `` last '' sound better but it was nice one liner, 
  it has been suggested , as other said . 
  but ultimately that would save only a small portion because they would run out of time ( its not very celar but it is a matter of days before durkula subverts the dwarf leaders and ends the world ) and you still have the possibility that you murdered all you race ... and ultimately the wrold is saved . . 
  gdp ? 
  there are single * persons * that do more than that annually . 
  there are a lot of celebs that frequently use reddit , even with their full names ( i imagine they have ingognito alts as well ) outside publicity amas . 
  i think you are a tad too cynic here . 
  to add split screen a lot if manpower will go to it . 
  designing , coding , testing , it add up into a lot of costs for a feature that it aint going to bring * any * money , and might even obsolete . 
  split screen was the poor man 's multiplayer , because there was no other way to bring players together . 
  black hawk down particularly was atrocious . 
  the handfull of us soldiers lost were a huge deal , while the somalians got wrecked again and again with thousands dead . 
  just remember to sterilise the area before use . 
  what you are describing are countermeasure that needs experience and skillpoints to pull off . 
  wardeccers dont pray those corps . 
  and thats why it will stay the mediocre game that is , and not what it could have been . 
  its really funny because you ate the only one saying the truth . 
  until pl an nc . 
  joined the fray wwb was a joke . 
  then the bankers got permabaned ( after becoming unbaned in the middle of the war ) and panfam prefered to become northern coalition version 3 . 
  you need a good range of normal skins before going for the `` unique '' skins . 
  ccp tried to go the other way . 
  for some reason . 
  10 % tidi roams , here we come !, 
  i still enjoyed it . 
  its like in the movies . 
  protagonist does a dumb thing . 
  say , he crosses a train line when he should n't . 
  he sees the train mere meters from his face . 
  cut scene . 
  the rest are left in your imagination . 
  i havent seen the finale !, 
  and riker was the most difficult one for me because he had no inate advantage . 
  he was calling out the hypocrisy . 
  * third * generation implies their family have been iin the country 30 + years . 
  aperson born in the country has never known another nation . is this `` just like that '' ? 
  you are withholding the rights of citizenship , including self detetmination from permanent minorities in you country based on where their grandfathers came from . 
  despicable . 
  its riker . 
  he gets bluffed easily in early seasons because * he * can not lie . 
  so data knows the cards of riker , but he can not understand what a `` bluff '' even is ( laforge i think even explains that right afterwards ) so he folds due to uncertainty . 
  essentially he got bsoded by riker . 
  he gets better in later games . 
  i dont think we will see much more from the vampires , so all these `` contigencies '' will come as a surprise for both the order abd the readers for added dramatic tension . 
  i thing being an extra/easter egg is making it clear its there for a rewatch . 
  no one said you should/haveto watch in chronological order . 
  the power blocks that usually initiated conflict are for one reason or another holed up . 
  pamfam is busy establishing a renter empire . 
  goons after wwb are busy krabbing in delve . 
  russians are doing the same ol drone farming . 
  test/co2/brave / fcon/triumvirate etc are not weak enough to get squashed by the surrounding powers easily , but neither strong enough to go into the offencive themselves . 
  on top of that we have major changes coming almost every quarter , making people hesitant . 
  the t3 and pirate faction bp changes surely nuked a lot of doctrines for example . 
  or the capital changes .
