  that jesus looks like he trying to break free from the nails to come down and fuck your shit up . 
  i think we are confusing the medical term of `` cure '' with social acceptance problems . 
  being black , woman or gay doesnt cause deliberating effects like inability to work , socialize , or care for your personal well being . 
  afaik there are some people with autism that can not do so . 
  until ( and if ever ) a cure is found , society should do its best to support these persons ( and spread the knowledge that not all people with autism are the same , some can and do operate `` normal '' ) . 
  but disparaging any cure because `` its society trying to normalise persons '' sounds to me that veers too much in the other way , into `` all natural '' alt medicine stuff . 
  first of all , i agree with you . 
  however i think you misanderstood why i argued with op . 
  i do no advocate making cure mandatory or enforced ( at least depending on the severity . 
  if an autistic person is unable to do basic things like feed or clothe himself , i think preserving his life should take priority ) but op seemed outright * hostile * to any idea about any group pursuing research for a cure . 
  to work with you examples , imagine if some deaf persons were hostile to the augmentation research out right . 
  who gives them the right to stop * future * medical advances for the shake of their present culture . 
  they would enforce their will to the deaf persons that might * want * to be cured based on * their * society choices . 
  i mostly agree with you , however it seems you are falling into a `` sliperry slope '' fallacy , that goes from `` lets fund research to see if it is even fixable '' to eugenics and concentration camps . 
  i believe it is definetely possible to both provide a cure and not enforce it , with a society vigilant enough to stop any personal rights from being trumped . 
  but ultimately that is too broad of a discussion . 
  to return it to the matter at hand , ops comments , i am not defending autism speaks , and a group that spreads misconceptions about autism is something that should be shunned , but again , op seems to lump everything that try to `` cure '' autism as something bad . 
  i get vibes that even using the word cure is something dirty . 
  to me this seems like tribalism `` we are autists and want to stay like that '' . 
  i consider this hypocritical ( should we abandon supportive therapy as well because it dilutes the `` pure '' autism ?! ), 
  and dangerous since it robs the choice from persons that might want it or even need it . 
   and a disruption of a `` normal '' life, 
  is n't it ? 
  when in some cases you cant feed or clothe yourself ? 
   it 's complicated, 
  fcon is a full member of drf . 
  there is nothing complicated in that . 
  everyone teamed up when goons appeared . 
  heck fcon test and brave went all the way to cva space to shoot goons . 
  i have recruited players like him , they are way more than you would expect . 
  they usually stay in high sec for * years * because `` null is a hell hole '' and low is full of `` bad guys that will kill my mining ship in the first gate '' , missing all the fun . 
  i always try to explain that leaving highsec and coming to live in null is an * opt in * decision , any player that comes should expect to get shot and shoot back at any time by design . 
  fcon is a full member if drf since a couple of weeks ago . 
  yes but this time it didnt . 
  the new owners came to stay . 
  eve is definetely played as a rpg . 
  only instead of roleplaying `` caldari capsuleer no245 '' we roleplay ouselves if we suddently become immortal space gods . 
  some player will play upstanding individuals trying to do what is right , other will follow a `` survival of the fittest '' mentality . 
  in game vendettas and long term friendships exist that dont translate out of game . 
   and they are nonexistant in the conflict as well . 
  i was in a 240 fcon fleet in feyth just 2 days ago . 
  was i hallucinating or something ? 
   i mean there are 300-450 man forces that co2 face now , with their 250 man forces , a single alliance against a coalition . 
  maybe they should n't agress said coalition if they could n't handle it ? 
  i mean , if i start a sov war against co2 with my 15 man corp and get rofstomped i would not go to the internet and cry . 
  this post has been removed for breaking the `` no spoilers in the thread title '' rule, 
  if this was spinning i would be okay with it , but it seems you are really believe this which is worrying . 
  [ hey back off pretty boy !, 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/insidejorahshead/comments/6tn4v0/she_will_be_mine/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link ), 
  apparently 30bil losses was `` planned '' . 
  apparently . 
  do you know what insanity is ? 
  yes . 
  and trying again thinking `` this time will be different '' . 
  test teamed up with goons . 
  fcon teamed up with drf.co2 are went solo and got their asses handed to them , so they are working with tri that decided to invade fcon from the other side . 
  almost none of these entities are operating alone anymore and because of that the landscape in the south has changed . 
  what i wrote was true at the time . 
  well at least to go against gotg . 
  shorta . '', 
  its complicated '' relationship status . 
  spoilers in the title !, 
  done . 
  if the mutinh have been published ib this rate it noone would care . 
  it was lik 4-5 pages tops . 
  but we got hit by one of the slowest schedules right as the story was dealing with tertiary characters npcs ... 
  to add to r/yartro s comment , us is celebrating its immigration legacy ... now . 
  when they first arrived , greeks , italians , irish , chinese etc had to content with extreme racism , no social safety nets and exploitation both form the state and normal americans . 
  heck one of the biggest immigration groups , the germans , was pressured to conform had to lose most of their identity due to ww1 paranoia . 
  japanese were arrested and placed in concentration camps * just * 70 years ago . 
  people that went through that might still be alive !, 
  and we are not even touching the modern immigraction policies ... 
  so yeah its poppycock . 
  even if it was the best prison in the world ( which it was n't ) , how would you feel of been arrested for no reason at all because you had ancestors from a different nation ? 
  or being forced to relocate , losing your home , job and friends to a completely different part of the country ? 
  i dont know how it happens in us , but in my country this done so the tax agency can take * some * percentage of the taxes back , when it is deemed that the offender simply cant pay everything . 
  however , this is not done automatically , it has to be approved , it leaves a permanent record so you cant do it regularly , it probably ruins your credit status for many many years , and you are in a lot of trouble if you fail to pay even the reduced amount ( which can be still high depending on how they are going to judge your financial status ) . 
  its the same like bankruptcy towards private debt . 
  might get abused like all things of course , but not regularly and not easily , and not by sov cit types . 
  i hope you are aware of gurps infinite worlds tabletop game setting . . 
  ubsubscribe from artillery facts !, 
  or just stuff his nise with dirt . 
  then bury him . 
  the suffocation damage will counter its regen ability enough so he doesnt rise until some unlucky dude ( hopefully long after the main characters are dead ) decides that big hill is a nice place to built a house . 
  i will go against the current , and agree with you but expanding further : its too much of a hassle . 
  the only way vr will replace normal gaming will be with being able to field lots of games were you are sitting or are stationary inside game , or you will have to do stand up and do the moves yourself , or * everyone * will get a serious case of motioion sickness , and technology cant fix that ( unless the vr comes with inner ear implants ) . 
  if you are forced to stand up to play a game it will never catch on , because most people play games to relax ( and for hours ) . 
  its the same reasons why motion tracking gimmicks like the wii and its derivatives died down or stayed niche . 
  if good `` standing '' simulators start appearing ( mech warrior , flying sims or even rts etc ) it will become like what a joystick in the 90s . 
  a very very nice peripheral to have , but definetely not a core aspect of video gaming . 
  another market that vr can explode is ressurecting arcades . 
  have rigs that help with motion sickness ( like the one in the video ) and allow multiplayer matches between participants . 
  add a sane pricing model and a nice establishment and get ready to make a shiton of money . 
  just be ready to clean a lot of barf occasionally . 
   very few people support genocide , i hope . 
  you would be surprised . 
  genocides have happened as early as just 25 years ago and from people that come from various ethnic , social and economic backgrounds . 
  push the right buttons of the human psyche , apply to herd mentality and primal fear and a sizable chunk of the human population is totally okay with it . 
  you make it sound like he gave his entire fortune to dodge the irs , and keep living the good life . 
   but they 'll live the good life off of it , from the accommodations and travel that come from being a global goodwill ambassador of the bill and melinda gates foundation .
