  zombies have zero chance versus the modern military/industrial/health infrastructure of the world . 
  the only way to get a hold would be a very virulent airborne strain that doesnt kill fast . 
  well we can discuss ooc if it is not a direct reply . . 
  yep . 
  and the special infected gives a decent explanation on how they managed to breach the defences since they wherent simply mindless shamblers ( i can easily see a tank infected oblidarating a fortified checkpoint ) . plus fast zombies . 
  its one of the most logical zombie versions you can find . 
  nah , world war z is also guilty if this . 
  the battle of yonkers is very unrealistic on how it is presented ( open , free access comms for every soldier ? 
  it doesnt make any sense ) . 
  he had to do this thu , because he wanted to show where the army is in a zombie story , something uncommon for the time , but he also hit the wall `` how can my apocalyse survive more than 30 mins versus thermobaric weapons , miniguns , mobas or even tactical nuclear weapons etc '' . 
  human are scary yo . 
  i tottaly agree . 
  in universe it gets explained , `` lampshaded '' if you will , pretty well . 
  however we * did * compare zombie media to reality , and there it doesnt hold . 
  yeah if we delve on this unless the media in question tries to give an explanation , then we will conclude that a zombie apocalypse is simply impossible . 
  reanimated dead will collapse due to decomposition/elements in a matter of days , living zombies like 28 days ditto from lack of water/exposure . 
  i highly doubt he is british , or even european . 
  really ? 
  the nazis before 37 at the earliest where not seen as the the nazis but a hawkish conservative party that got birthed from the german political upheavals of the time of the time . 
  hindsight 20/20 and all that jazz . 
  chamberlain tried to dodge something that we now know was unavoidable . 
  hmm . . maybe even a state ? 
  i really love that in your analysis , you ( or boris ) never stopped to think if the eu wants all that and how soon . 
  welcome to starting diplomatic relations from scratch !, 
  you can get good endings for the hub in vanilla . 
  technically '' [ \u0393\u03c1\u03b1\u03b9\u03ba\u03bf\u03c2 ] ( https://el.wikipedia.org/wiki/%ce%93%cf%81%ce%b1%ce%b9%ce%ba%cf%8c%cf%82 ) / greek '' is a greek word and * has * been used to describe greeks in older times . 
  ftfy, 
  yeah about that ... 
  /  drops mic < /, 
  this is a wermacht discussion . 
  whats up with the soviets ? 
  well when you are discussing about one matter , its kinda assumed you discuss relevant matters . 
  i fail to see what the soviets did is relevant about the conduct of the german army . 
  because they are stil going to pay indirectly , only this time without having any say . 
  and immigrants that want to reach uk will not be eus liability anymore , since uk will be the sole governor of its borders from now on like they wanted . 
  man you people keep rumbling about these dreams . 
  what * new * treaties ( they start from scratch ) will be created will be dictated from the dominating partner , which is the eu . 
  and eu is out for blood . 
  ehh it was a honest mistake and he owns it . 
  we dobt need to be pricks . 
  scaning will be effected by time dilation . 
  the results would take a long time to get back . . 
  i doubt you will have any luck here . 
  he was a little boy that in other circumstances would still play with wooden swords that he was trying to do the best he could do when the humongous responsibility of the seven kingdoms landed on his lap , while being in a manipulation tug of war between margery , cercei , the highsparrow , pycell and i dont know how many others . 
  and all his honest tries ended with his wife , the holiest cathedral in the kingdoms , half of kings landing and hundreds if not thousands of people brutally incinerated in front of him . 
  he brain simply broke . 
  just ask doctor who fans what happens when a guy that creates some excellent one offs gets the lead . 
  cersei has clearly demonstrated she is not that smart . 
  when she acts its always personal and wants to rub it in your face and gloat when she gets the upper hand . 
  she did it to ned stark all the way to the septa in this episode . 
  it used to be the way of things for millenia . 
  and it still is , we call the coup des etats now . 
  you do realise your comment is an oxymoron since it is a cliche comment for years now right ? 
  i can understand how you can overlook prometheus plot holes , they are so massive light cant escape them . 
  well humans are a ` manifestation '' / part of the universe , and we generally try to lessen the suffering of living beings as much as possible as times go by and we achive better ubderstanding of the world around us . 
  we will never completely erase it , but it is a nice tthought experiment or argument versus what dr. dawkins said . 
  overpopulation is exagarated . 
  the problem is efficiency . 
  `` hey dudes we hate your city so much we need drugs to stay more than an hour!by the way can you please point me towards the most avalable illegal vendor ? 
  thanks ! '', 
  worldwide violence is decreasing , we are experiencing the longest period of peace in vast areas of the world and animals are getting treated way better than 200 years ago . 
  obviously we have huge , gargantuan steps to do towards the right direction yet , but we are moving in a positive direction . 
  true , but our `` household '' is nowhere full enough yet . 
  some research indicates that the population might stabilize at around 10bil , and the planet can support them easily , if we get our head out of our asses and `` share '' stuff . 
  well some will say that is due that some other family is using resources for two families instead . 
  as i said , 10 billiion without the earth collapsing . 
  that includes animals and the environments . 
  but we need to fix a lot of stuff we are doing right now ( like global warming , a major reason for extinctions , especially in marine life ), 
  who knows ? 
  that is an answer i cant answer easily . 
  one one hand we have solutions and a lot of countries are waking up on the problem . 
  others do n't or might do when it is too late . 
   `` what the fuck ? '', 
  this is exaclty what i said aloud when i read our post . 
  greek dude here . 
  i know a lot of people fro europe and some from ireland . 
  the differences are not that great . 
  you will find people in open relationships , fuck buddies and such , but they are not widespread and cheating , meaning one partner is unaware about the infidelity of the other is very very frowned upon . 
  but you cant remove human from the equation . 
  we * are * part of nature . 
  i always condidered luck stat and outsdoorman/survival skills irelevant the first 5 times i tried to start fo 1 so i lowered the as much as possible to get sweet points . 
  helllloooo 7 radscorpions right outside vault 13 !, 
  i dont believe so . 
  gentry was a less significant character than jorah . 
  and with mormonts having consistently a prominent role in the westeros storyline i doubt we will not see him again . 
  i would probably never last my first day there . 
  times khaleesi misplaced her trust :, 
  1001 just this weekend . 
  what ? . . 
  gentry had nowhere near the screentime . 
  plus mormonts are still active in the storyline . 
  heck they are even more than they used to be . 
  expect glorious lyanna jorah reunion . 
  whith jorah probably getting gloriously talked dowb to by the lady . 
  jorah is a noble , even a discraced one , while daario is a commoner . 
  huge difference even in who are you fucking with . 
  what the hell are you rumbling about ? 
  the technology iz widely known to be brand new and untested so the people using it are * willingly * taking risks . 
  on the other hand it is known that if this tech becomes widespread it will save hundreds of thousands of lives frm car accidents . 
  so the people that buy tesla now are indeed pioneers , even if they are having fun .
