  half the famous bands from the 50s onwards where tailor made by agents . 
  ofcourse ? 
  how the hell do they reconcile the fact that the vast majority of organs in the body are there to deal with food consumption ? 
  scurvy take a very long time to set in and a long time to get you dead . 
  i am sorry but i cant see any noble , especially the kings eating the same as his soldiers ( and he was othodox russian a could of provinces from kiev , the capital , so no crusader here ) . 
  as a matter of fact i do n't think * any * noble ever suffered from scurvy in land , much less actually died from it . 
  the muslims take a truck and attack children in nice and manchester because of dead children in syria . 
  christians attack children in london because of dead children in nice and and manchester . 
  infamous means something or someone is known for bad reasons . 
  a bank robber that is known by everyone for his actions is infamous . 
  a person that is known by everyone for his charity work is famous . 
  i dont think he was going for dehumanising . 
  i think he points that drug addiction will overtake your life to the point that nothing else matters , and who the person really is irrelevant . 
  and * of course * they changed one of the best intro in any media 10 episodes in ... 
  yay !, 
  it really irks me that an * astronaut * used the incorrect `` there is no gravity in space '' . 
  i do n't think he can be classified just by his declarations about the economy though . 
  i got the feeling the dude pandered to any class and economic philosophy he could , and simply geared the economy with the only goal being war . 
  fascism and nazism are a breed of their own and should not be compared with other philosophies either conservative or socialist per se . 
  this is not part of the joke . 
  it has been added a bit after the subreddit was created since `` shitty robots '' content was a pretty shallow market , and people posted `` useless '' robots that where proofs of concepts , prototypes , or even art pieces and people bitched in the comments if it was a shitty robot or not . 
  it a was a very good rule , case in point there are still peple that do that ... . 
  not it * was * a phyrric victory ( ies ) . 
  they consistently won victories like for example after the tet offencive , the vietcong ( which was the guerilla firces in s.vietnam and not the proper field army of n.vietnam ) where effectivelly destroyed . 
  however they lost on the strategic level by being forced to withdraw by popular pressure , leaving s.vietnam to fend for it self , and they got overwhelmed pretty fast . 
  i am studying to see if i can become a software tester . 
  even i that , was n't a complete `` lolol just fix that its two lines of code '' was surprised how things workout and how entire concepts of developing and testing , with thousands of hours of seminars and training classes dedicated trying to find the sweet spot where the problems are found and subsequent changes and fixes are released asap , but without fucking something * else * up , because that shit cost a lot of $ . 
  would you criticize a surgeon on how he made a incision on the pancreas ? 
  i mean its like cutting a steak , anyone can do it , no ? 
  * the directors realized as the movie progressed that they created a steamy pile of shit ( it takes some time into production to actually realize a project is unsalvagable ) and try to save any bit of their careers they can . 
  afaik age of consent does n't mean you can film and distribute . 
  it mean you can have sex , but not make porn out of it . 
  those photos pass though third party hands like your isp , email or app you use and/or automated storage systems like google drive . 
  it will be a clusterfuck , laws needs to be airtight . 
  a commenter assumed that nasa is a `` facade '' for financing black-ops like surveillance , political destabilization etc. 
  second guy points this budget already is spent in the form of cia and nsa . 
  first guy respond that they surely need more that the official budget . 
  i ' l haphazard to guess the us government is barely competent to * already * have hidden budgets for these stuff that are accessible only from specific persons . 
  etterbeek/ixelles are nice places to live with good chances of finding something that is on any budget , they range from $ $ $ $ consulate buildings around the etangs d'ixelles to small flat/single rooms around vub . 
  you can also check around cimetterie d'ixelles , but there and further south , from what i have seen , the area is mostly geared towards family homes/flats . 
  i am not 100 % sure thought since i have n't been there much so maybe another dude can offer more insight . 
  as always respond to these kinds of threads , ** !, 
  ! do not send any money before you see the house in any case !!, 
  ** due to how many people move in and out all the time for the unis and the eu , scums and scum ads are rampant even in reputable websites like immoweb . 
  hey those special operation agents after they get their guns , fake documents , high tech gadgets and a whole network of informants payed by their regular budget need to cover work related meals as well somehow . 
  i did n't say off with their heads . 
  i consider the `` sex offender '' list that exists in the us retarded and oppressive . 
  but if you leave loopholes you can have an entire industry springing up abusing them . 
  laws nad the lawmakers can not know if that photo of a 16 y.o.girl was she sent by to her boyfriend john , 17 , that his best buddy stole from his phone and shared in the internet , or from rick who is head of an international cp production and distribution network using either abused or abducted teenagers and , if he gets busted he can claim it was his 16 yo son doing it . 
  we have ways to limit the * hit * of the law , and this is why we have the whole process of judges and courts . 
  and we and society need to understand that anything that is send online is making it `` public '' since you knowingly allow it to pass through third persons hands . 
  i think the difference would be if there was a statement that they will purposely not disclose the info of the perpetrator . 
  afaik arent some countries that unless the suspect of any crime unless actually arrested and found guilty , they do n't disclose their name because he might be innocent after all ? 
  i am surprised belgium does n't have a law like that . 
  except horta , check definetely the mim . 
  it also has a terrace with a nice reataurant that offers a nice view , and buffet branch on sundays !, 
  i really liked that the aliens in tommyknockers were idiot savants . 
  it was refreshing !, 
  i think they where supposed to be ridiculous , i think the text calls them that as well . 
  but for me i saw them like damgerous idiots with no compassion , scary stuff because they dont have a plan , they can nuke you and your family just because a tree in your yard is dropping leaves on theirs . 
  its like if jocker was like rainman . 
  you entire sentence is wrong . 
  roman legions didnt form the phalanx and the greek fire appeared much later and used by the eastern romans/greeks , not against them and wasnt as strong as dynamite by far . 
  ofcourss they shun him . 
  they are like a bunch if bullies goading each other to action , but when someone actually steps up and gets busted , he needs to be cutoff as a loser to save face . 
  i feel more sorry about tge random pizza dude internet decided to fuck his life , his job and mental wellbeing permantly . 
  while you are right that the word can be used in a more general way , would you use the word to describe the formation roman soldiers had in a modern paper that is discusding particularly about ancient tactics ? 
  context matters . 
  jet was supposedly invented by myron . 
  myron was an asshole and a sleazebug , he could have reverse engineered a prexisting drug from the old times ( military drug ? ), 
  and called it his own do he can get prestige , mob protection and hookers . 
  oh no worries , i said you were right . 
  i just pointed that we werent talking about generic tactics , but specifically for the roman legion tactics in the late republic/empire era . 
  and the romans of the times would definetely not use greek fire . 
  afaik the mixture of greek fire was a state secret that was hidden well . 
  its one of the reasons its recipe was actually lost . 
  i dont think it was ever used in a civil war . 
  yep because they used funnels to throw it , so it would probably be cumbersome to move about and its fuel , and probably slow so infantry could avoid it . 
  while in ship to ship you can move it about easier , and evem a glancing shot would spell doom for the opposite ship . 
  this is ofcourse personal guess . 
  the sources we have are not that great . 
   i live in dc and this meetup idea sounded great until i saw `` resisting globalism '' there . 
  red pill is a sexual market strategy but guys have been using it to support alt-right ** nonsense with no basis in reality ** . 
  so close . 
  yet so far . 
  actually there is a great reason to * not * assume . 
  mostly because a ) greek fire appeared in the battlefield long after rome that fallout caesar is emulating had died/evolved and b ) as far as i am aware , all mentions of greek fire use are in sea battles and they were thrown by big contraptions , not `` grenades '' c ) when we are talking about specific ancient roman battles and their era `` phalanx '' ca n't be used as a generic term . 
  especially when romans won versus the greek superpowers and * their * phalanxes specifically because they * werent * in a phalanx as well ( like in [ cynoskephalae ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_cynoscephalae?wprov=sfla1 ) ) . 
  such a shame you wasted so much time just to restate the same things , and they are still wrong . 
  you specifically talked about the roman legions and phalanx . 
  you mentioned roman legions and greek fire . 
  both statements are wrong , there is no other way to describe it . 
  you could have said a generic `` ancient phalanxes had to content with incendiery/explosive devices '' and * that * would n't be wrong . 
  but you didnt , you used specific glaring terms incorrectly . 
  as for the original question , none of the ancient devices was even * remotely * close to the usability and huge destruction of a stick of dynamite . 
  a single guy behind a decent cover and a couple of boxes of dynamite could probably wipe out half a legion . 
  i am sorry but if i was part of a group that included c.s. 
  lewis and tolkien you bet you ass i would write better . 
  not only because they where talented writes , but they where also masters in technique . 
  of course pedigree matters .
