  citadels are not the same . 
  except a particular alliance , the vast vast majority of alliances have kos policy on all players tjat dont belong to their alliance or have goid standings ( which are set on alliance levels , not individuals ) aka the not blue shoot it policy . 
  if you want to go to nullsec solo and not join a corp there , a way to do it is trying exploration sites ( you can make pretty awesome income with this ) . 
  just dont expect the natives to be open when you roam . 
  they will shoot even if you are in a pod . 
  i speak as a player that tried exactly what you described when i was new and naive and as a nullsrc resident these days . 
  interactions ingamebare very limited between ships . 
  and they all boil down to who gets to shoot first . 
  the other guys will not commence communications , but will start shooting immidietly . 
  its like you read the entire text , but forgot everything except 2 lines . 
  hed-gp is the most ( in ) famous high to null connection . 
  the blood that has been spilled there is untold . 
  you seem to know a lot about how isis operares . 
  how come ? 
  any official sources ? 
  so you dont want to give private information to anonymous strangers publicly but you are okay to give private information to anonymous strangers privetly . 
  i dint think you have thought this post through . 
  how do you detter with fear of death someone that is ready to die ? 
  i am greek and i talk with other greeks . 
  does this make me a philosopher ? 
  so you admit you propagate what can be called at best hearsay ? 
   yes . 
  i hear it from other muslims . 
  but the qu ` ran forbids lying , 
  funny , because i have pretty conservative friends from uae and have n't heard so many details you seem to know . 
  pretty suspicious from any way you see it . 
   are you implying that public opinion is not formed on hearsay ? 
  is this the point where you start posting about the `` msm '' and `` victors write history '' nonsense ? 
  care to share and the part where they talk about intoxination ? 
  well you seem to support his claim . 
  can you source anything from this , because the dude 's response was simply `` i am a turk '' . 
  no , so i guess since all muslims are secretly extremists to the point of terrorism , my buddy has a secret life that does n't share right ? 
  cool !, 
  i will try to remember . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  all the link that i have read so far seem to focus in captagon as a `` combat high '' drug . 
  this guy was boozed with alcohol though afaik so much he was arrested unconscious out of it . 
  if this was indeed a terrorist attack , it does n't seem to have direct connection with isis ( meaning no supports/indoctrination etc ) but more like lone wolf attack . 
  its a legit confusion considering its very common in bank heist to do precisely that , give a paper to the employee with some thing like that `` i have a gun , this is a robbery , just give me the money and nobody gets hurt '' so no panic ensues . 
   i 'm a bit skeptical about lone-wolf theories though . 
  if you consider he planned an attack on his own without any help or anyone aware of his plans , you could indeed argue this was a ( botched ) lone-wolf attack . 
   but if he admits to be a muslim , you have to consider the possibility that his faith helped him rationalize the attack he was about to commit : he would rinse his sins with the added bonus of getting into heaven . 
   and that 's where it gets tricky . 
  concluding that many terrorists are lone-wolfs in their approach takes attention away from the possible underlying connection : extreme islamist ideology . 
  it 's the strength of groups like isis : just spread some hate online in the hopes people like this dude pick it up . 
  add some mental issues , booze and drugs in the mix , and you get a very dangerous cocktail . 
  if this was a planned attack by isis , then it * is * worrysome because it is a terrorist disorganization that can bypass security in an organized way to plan attacks . 
  if it is a lone wolf attack , its quite different , and his religion has nothing to do with it . 
  why ? 
  you see , insane people will latch to any idea to excuse their actions . 
  attacks with religion as excuse are in fashion right now and copy cats will appear . 
  other times , after a school shooting and the subsequent media circus , we experience an uptick to similar attacks the following years . 
  the people perpetrating those assume various reasons for doing so , religion , politics or whatever , but in the end they want to `` leave their mark to society '' aka become famous ( and the practice predates modern media and social issues [ by the way ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/herostratus ) ) . 
  do you know the expression `` going postal '' ? 
  this is an expression based on an burst of mass killing/suicide by postal workers during the [ 90s ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/going_postal#notable_postal_shootings ) . 
  i hardly thing postal worker guidelines are an extremist ideology . 
  tl : dr crazy people will take any mantle to excuse their heinous actions . 
  thats quite different from organized terrorism . 
  their plan is to die while spreading as terror as much as possible . 
  killing even one person is ridiculously easy when you have the element of surprise . 
  they won . 
  chandler is that you ? 
  i am very against conspiracy theories , but that doesnt sound do crazy tbh . 
  i dont excpect a great percentage of `` mainstream '' users to know rainmeter , much more to use it . 
  considering the text about the wings can intepreted both ways , i like that jackson went a way that satisfies both views . 
  the attacks are already pettering out . 
  from well planed organised attacks in the early 00s ( madrid , london and ofcourse 9/11 ) we now have dudes in with shitty ak 47s and cars or even knives . 
  while absolutely horrible and scenes out of hell , with a cold eye the weakness is there . 
  and they can shout `` praise the holy noodle '' as long as i care . 
  the crux of the matter is if they are supported by an organised plan , whicheans they will kerp doing , or are narcissist guys that watched some random videos in the internet and decided to become famous . 
  if they are the second part , for me they have no difference from the guy that lee oswald , mcveigh , sirhan sirhan , james holmes etc. 
  those guys had no conbection to islam do they ? 
  i dont understand dutch , byt i think i get the gist . 
  you try to prove me that islam made this guy do what they did because are islamists extremists l. i say they would do harm no matter the ideology . 
  maybe `` petty crime '' like burglary , murder , rape . 
  because `` society opresses them/didnt give the a chance '' . 
  but ofcourse if they do that still nobody gives a fuck about then , so why not take the mantle of ideology and go out in a blaze of glory while becoming famous ? 
  i bet you these guys have more beloved idol scareface instead of mohhamed . 
  they are specifically designed that way . 
  minimal windows , not working clocks , food and rest midway and as many turning corners as possible so you dont realise how much you walked , so you spent way more time than you wanted to . 
  studies have found the longer you stay inside a shop the chances of buying staff ( especially randim stuff ) increases by a huge margin . 
  its as close as a company can get to mr sceletals wild ride in a society with laws . 
  also if they are eating tacos after ab alcohol binge . 
  alcohol irritates the hell out of intestines alone . 
  actually if you wanted to blockade a spacefaring civilisation planets would do sense even in real life . 
  you achieve total air superiority by default , you can knock off satellite grids and easily minitor the surface via cameras/thermal imagining/telecomunications but most importantly it is easier to detect and stop vehicles than the huge expanse of interplanetary space and also because of slower relative speeds . 
  we * already * have those capabilities btw . 
  for example orbiting sattelites have been shot down by * airplane missiles * . 
  from a more advanced spaceship it would be trivial . 
  i think it is from the greek moira which means fate . 
  so their name means `` fate lookers/watchers '' that makes sense since they see using the force . 
  also the ancient moirae ( fates ) where responsible for each persons thread from birth to death , where they cut it . 
  considering the subject matter of the game and the constant talk of fate , broken links and threads . . 
  we are already doing that as i said with `` minimal '' space tech . 
  most superpowers can covertly detect launches from both ground and space as they happen . 
  also blockaded as in real life probably wouldnt stop * every * ship , but they would definetely disrupt the vast majority of trade/transport . 
  amd the rest would take great chances with their life every single time . 
   holograms displaying alliance logos would n't work because they are corp owned . 
  no problem with that . 
   only the extravagantly rich would have super aerodynamic ships for the sake of style .
