  making this another part of the simulation not only makes sense , but is a very machine thing to do . 
  however i know its not canon because its not directly stated or even strongly hinted . 
  its just what i prefer . 
  it would be easier to subdue them , because it gives them the opposite of what the main matrix world is : a place where they have rebeled against authority , a land of adventure , danger and nonconformism where they are `` special '' instead of white colar drones in cubicles . 
  imagine if google or netflix algorithms instead of being used to suggest the best movie for you based on the genres you like , constructed a `` perfect '' world based on your subconsious needs . . 
  awww, 
  the amount of people released from the first one is a small percentage of the total population . 
  its not a hug leap of logic to imagine the `` rebels '' of the second are even fewer , that can get wiped out conveniently . 
  and you forget that zion gets purged completely periodically , you do n't need them to survive , or heck even for the system to be stable , something that is vital for the `` main '' matrix , so its a depository for the bad `` batches '' that are kept sedated with rebellious fervor until the new one resets the main matrix and they get deleted like unnecessary files in the recycle bin . 
  the last part is canon even !, 
  you are forgetting that if we accept the `` cyborg neo '' theory it still does n't invalidates the second layer fan theory . 
  i can count what , 10 lines i have typed ? 
  how much you have typed yourself ? 
  meh i do n't think we will eve reach a point where we al agree because the wachowskis have left huge glaring holes in their second and third movies , and it was n't by design . 
  but a ) it interesting information , thanks for sharing and b ) its fun plugging those black plot holes with your own headcanon . 
  who cares , its not the main batch with the vast percentage of the population !, 
  think if humans where cattle . 
  some of them get sick and get separated from the main herd so not to make the rest sick as well ( destabilize the main matrix ) . 
  now you may still keep feeding them and maybe try to heal them , but if they ultimately die or need to get butchered prematurely its not a huge loss is it ? 
  but if * all * your main herd gets infected and dies , you are fucked , so you need to keep an eye out at all times . 
  yes because * that * was their problem in this case . 
  well they * did * , until they died from exhaustion and barbarossa grinded to a halt . 
   i 'm going home to play my mage, 
  i take offense to that . 
  its not the 80s , you can play tabletop and video games without being the `` weird kid '' . 
  the real world is too random though . 
  maybe a disease or accident kills the one since he is just a regular dude there , or heck the whole of zion bites it . 
  now the machinea * and * the humans are totaly fucked . 
  why not simulate it and have almost 100 % control ? 
  its not like its harder than the main matrix , the population is tiny compared , mostly confined and in a world with less detail since its mostly dead soil . 
  bacteria and viruses exist in the darkest , most inhospitable places on the planet , including places with zero light , oxygen and exteme heat . 
  the little guys still exist . 
  and what about cases where your own body fails and you cant do much like a heart attack or an aneurysm that sometimes are instantly fatal ? 
  all these simply * do not exist * in the fake world , while in the real world even with the best medicine its out of the machine hands . 
  as for the zion population still being rebelious , i dont know , for me it seems they where given a `` world '' perfect for their wants and they seem quite complacent . 
  i mean , some of them believe in mystical prophesies , or the fake history they get fed about zions creation . 
  by * canon * they still live in a huge fucking lie created by the machines , and not * once * in this zion or the previous ones they had it figured it out , when if they once stopped and think , they where fed messianic bullshitfrom the machines themseves ( the oracle ) . 
  he is not scary as an adult ? 
  the dude is a for all intents and purposes a god that noone can defeat directly . 
  he only weakness is that he doest know what humans since age 5 know : dont put you fingers anyware close to blades . 
  littlefinger is above all , considering he manipulated all these already great chessmasters . 
  roanoke is the opposite of mystery . 
  they literally wrote where they where going . 
  no crotoan is not a demons name , it a known place relatively close the colony . 
  we have no reason to think this is the case . 
  in fact i 'm almost sure it 's not the case -- something like that would be part of the reason the original , perfect matrix failed . 
  oh diseases could exists in the fake world of course , because as you said a `` perfect world '' would cause the humans to reject it . 
  but you have ultimately control on who dies and who lives . 
  the one * might * get random colds while redpiller no345 that has completed his role in the machine plan might get a serious infection and die to keep appearences . 
   exactly . 
  there 's a simpler explanation that fits all the facts we know . 
  so the machines going through all the process of creating a gargantuan lie , a huge underground base that they have to periodically repair , ships they need to replace , technology to teach and afterwords somehow keep an eye out * 24/7 * for the one to be healthy . 
  oh and if he gets sick somehow sneak the cure ( and pray its not something incurable ) to the rebels in a covert way not to arouse suspicion , all this is is more * simple * versus simply making another fake reality where they control * everything * , you know , like they * already do . 
  * do you realize that even neo 's first extraction is something extremely dangerous that can easily get him killed and doom both machines and humans ? 
  they guy is a half blind invalid that is thrown into dark dirty waters , and this , i might mention is by * design * ? 
  i mean we can theorise ad infinitum about fan explanations , but calling the wachowskis huge abomination of a plot as `` simple '' is a stretch . 
  so if the one get drowned at the start because he did bot get picked soon enough gg , everyone dies . 
  if he get an embolism , gg everyone dies . 
  if he fucking trips and falls diwn those rickety bridges that exist everywhere , gg everyone dies . 
  yeaaah if you consider this `` simple '' , i will go with my headcannon that might be a bit more `` complex '' ( its not , its just too complex for the hacks that are the wachofskis ) but its not utterly stupid . 
  there is a huge critisim about corporations and seedy or simply no consumer friendly market parctices in various industries , not only video games . 
  product/service discussion in a capitalist market it is the strongest weapon in the consumers arsenal . 
  a lot of major companies are now nothing more than a brand name husk after consistently not hearing the customers complaints until it was too late . 
  since they are inspired by tyranids mostly , it makes sense . 
  tyranids infest a planet and spawn warriors until they have defeated any meaningful opposition , then they spawn critters that consume every organic material that they can find , tyranid or not . 
  afterwards they , and any leftovers from the warriors , return into the spawning pool and get dissolved for the resources , effectively recycling them . 
  the planet is left a barren waste . 
  its actually a plot point since some tyranid fleets have been defeated by luring them into an extremely well defended planet , forcing them to spend great amounts of biomass to create more and bigger warriors , then at the highest population , incinerate the planet , depriving the fleet both from the planet 's and the expended warrior 's biomass and resources , resulting in a huge net loss fro the fleet . 
  also freemasons have degrees as `` ranks '' !, 
  it all goes back to them !, 
  burn them !, 
  i am 31 and i am tired of this argument . 
  cinema was about profit since its inception . 
  in each decade , for one movie considered `` classic '' there were 30 that where utter trash nobody remembers . 
   the wall is not cut away ? 
  its what we call [ the fourth wall ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fourth_wall ) !, 
  he expended a great deal of energy for no reason . 
  i dont know about marmots , but some animals barely live from one eating time to another . . 
  make this about movie adaptasion of his * horror/fantasy * movies . 
  because his dramas have been critically acclaimed again and again . 
  ahb sorry i understood `` contributing '' as `` being the creator '' for some reason . 
  yeah i agree he either has no talent for movies or the ones that he is asked and/or he can cobtribute , are already money grabbing , straight to video trash from the start . 
  the `` storm if the century '' is quite decent for example compared , and it was written completely by king for tv . 
  this species was discovered by a redditor and published here for the first time as a `` what the hell is this thing ? '' . 
  another entomologist actually responded and then he want all the way to the frigging amazon to actually witness the spider and identify it . 
  invasions could be endgame content as well . 
  make it so like a `` bussiness sim '' os shorts , where you install special items/workshops that give you minerals/food/items , but to upgrade them the costs increase expotentially and you need to feed them raw materials . 
  so you can set up a mining colony with ore producing structures ( and you need to attract the proper npc for them to work ) the then can be fed to smelting structures ( and npcs ) then to manufacturing structures and so on . 
  the income for those can be used to upgrade the colony and get unique materials . 
  meanwhile invasions will start happening past a certain amount of buildaup and get harder and harder . 
  they can start with local wildlife spawns for interfering with the ecosystem , then pirates , robots etc. 
  that eventualy be hard enough that only items gained by highend colonies will suffice . 
  so the whole point will be an a race of upgrading your colony to get better while this making the attacks harder . 
  how dwarf fortress and rimoworld handle it essentially . 
  yo will find the link of the original post in another comment . 
  your attempts of trying to prove you dont care are simply sad . 
  please stop . 
  unfortunately they did so by mostly letting the `` little '' villains go , meaning most of the state apparatus , and giving war criminals a slep in the wrist . 
  it * might * have been the the best way , but i am not 100 % sure . 
  nope .
