   regardless , there has to be a better way of handling it than op 's daughter 's school . 
  well obviously . 
  but i am not talking about leaving the class for 30 mins . 
  first i am not suffering from boanthropy or any other type of malady . 
  my rhetoric is structured around certain principles and propositions , which might not be my true opinions , that are intentionally inserted so they cause personal distress in individuals with insecurities caused by lack of proper education and social standards . 
  second , agree or disagree , the us always respond to perceived threats , imaginary or not , with the same predicted way . 
  as it is quite standardized and typical , despite the ever changing cause , we can ascertain that the static variable is on the american part , namely the fear of the unknown . 
  third , your dates about the european governments are a bit uninformed . 
  you include dates about changes to the constitution ( like for example , france ) or the evolution from autocratic to democratic , like portugal . 
  you have to understand that nations as old as those of europe will evolve into different forms . 
  when the us have existed as much will also be quite different , i can assure you . 
  just give it a few more centuries . 
  if you do n't implode from fear and distrust about each other , like you almost did in 1861 . 
  finally , we can safely arrive at a mutual conclusion that isis can suck donkey dick , and probably they already do so . 
  i am 29 with a university degree and years of work experience . 
  the educational system of most western nations need a thorough restructure from the ground up . 
  most essential change will be a more flexible system that can perceive where each individual excels and proceed to cultivate those skills . 
  there are not `` good '' or `` bad `` students , nor there are `` smart `` and `` dumb '' . 
  with our one-size-fits-all system and the total incompatibility of what success means in a school environment and in the real world , we are holding back both the society as a whole and bright individuals that might be more personally satisfied in ventures that now we might not considered `` prestigious '' . 
  in this case , if the bored students are few and far in between , there is no need for distress , as the brain can have lower response times due to no optional situations , for example , lack of proper sleep , body 's reaction to everyday stress etc. 
  if the bored students are so many that causes disruption to the normal day to day affairs , then something is wrong with the school and must be addressed . 
  no mind can be * forced * to learn , and the schools job should be to keep the students interested . 
  of course , we are forcing 16-18 year olds who we do n't trust to drink a beer to decide what they are going to do in their 40s , and invest a lot of income to support that decision , so there are other problems . 
  i totally agree with you . 
  i obviously do n't want the students to be the total arbiters of the school . 
  but i want them to have more options an we plan the school around the fact that a guy that scores high in math will become a contributing member of society with the someone who does not , but scores high in literature . 
  we have universities based around this concept but not schools . 
  i never stated that . 
  but taking a normal bathroom break because you are bored doesnt make you a bad student . 
  everyone can get bored from the pope to a er surgeon . 
  and everyone has a way to take 5 min break but not the students . 
  also bored students that are ignoring the teacher can be way worse for the lesson and the other students than simply not being there . 
  i never said entertained , i said interested , quite the difference . 
  and also never said they pick what they learn , but the school is structured to accommodate different type of inherent skills and abilities and hone them . 
  and particularly do n't value one set of abilities for another . 
  a doctor , a factory worker and a programmer are all going to become valued and contributing members to society . 
  ignoring the possibility their brains are not yet mature to provide the same focus as an adult , you seem to imply that `` fun '' has no place in school . 
  fun as actually liking what you do , instead of being forced for no discernible reason . 
  why do we have to create unhappy students that are going to be unhappy professionals that are going to do a mediocre job ? 
  you are not having a problem with my intention , but with the funding of schools , who obviously must be way higher that what is now to get i want . 
  i did n't say it can be done tomorrow , but that does n't mean i need to shut up and not point that the general mentality of school has n't changed for for the last 200 years . 
  i am not blaming a particular school system or teachers , i am saying that we need to collectively change our perception of education , and particularly who is a `` bad '' student . 
  hey tell that to the americans . 
   graduate being completely incompetent in a basic life skill . 
  so what happens if you do n't meet those requirements ? 
  do tehy restart life or something ? 
   last i checked that was an inherent component of a capitalist system and has jack shit to do with education policy . 
  actually thats quite contrary to the capitalist system . 
  in a free market , everyone can offer what kind of services he wants , and he is up to himself to back it up . 
  this allows artist , athletes , doctors and lawyers to get jobs and prosper using a particular set of their skills . 
  when the school dictates what type of skills are better than the others ( mathematics for example considered a more prestigious part of the curriculum vs painting or music ) goes against free market . 
  who has more chances to flourish in a capitalistic system , a painter that school understood its leaning and educated him since he was 6 , or a economist who was `` forced '' to study due to wrong impressions , and finally discovers he like to paint for a living on age 45 ? 
  so you are ok with forfeiting bathroom break at all ? 
  because according tou , every kid that goes outside for any reason turns to an imbecile delquent the moment he goes out the door . 
   `` something that kills people '', 
  i never understood that whenever it crops in fiction . 
  you are a goddamn swordsmith , you are by definition a creator of tools that their only purpose is to deliver death , what did you expect to happen ?!, 
  if you had a problem with that you should learn pottery instead !, 
   it 's so ahistorical too with greece, 
  greece joining the axis would not be unthinkable , since it had a fascist government at the time . 
  however dictator metaxas thankfully realized we were an english protectorate and that we would become italy 's bitches anyways with that dick mussolini wanting to be a new roman emperor , so he went to war . 
  yeah they went all the way to split the country n two , with one government in thessalonica , pro-british and pro war and the other in athens pro german , but because they knew we where english `` allies '' they where pushing to stay neutral . 
  in ww2 there was no flip flop , because italy was very aggressive towards greece from the early years and it was crystal clear it would n't be an alliance of equal partners . 
  this , in addition with the experience from ww1 that the british would not let us go there , made greece 's stance obvious ( thank god ) . 
  they are baddass unkillable men that walks underwater to their destination . 
  they are obviously captain barbarossa and the crew of the black pearl . 
  the thing is , when you are selling a weapon , you are knowingly releasing it to the wild . 
  what if a nice dude buys a sword , and later he sells it to another guy with not so good intentions ? 
  what if the nice guy feels threatened and kills someone , but later it is found out that he overreacted ? 
  `` oh i created a killing machine and sold it , woe me it was n't used as i wished !, 
  well , surprise !, 
  the only way he could be assured his swords would be used as he wished would be if he did n't sell them to * anyone * . 
  the economical strain caused by contracting younger generations supporting the expanding older generations will cause problems way sooner . 
  you might say it has already begun . 
   but if you 're eating with me and you berate the waiter because your medium rare steak is pink in the middle . 
  what . 
  i used to be an waiter in upscale restaurants and hotels . 
  now reread my comment . 
  well , you can always play spore ... 
  and in bsg it becomes apparent why ballistic weapons are going to be obsolete if we ever militarize space :, 
  how many times the battlestar survived in the last second by jumping just before the shells hit them ? 
  if the cylons had energy weapons the series would have ended in 33 . 
  missiles are ballistic weapons . 
  ballistic weapons are retarded in space . 
  also are you telling me a ship that can amass the energy to bend time and space could not use this to power a laser that would cut bsg in half in a matter of seconds ? 
  or even boil it ? 
  we have already lasers that cut inches of steel easily , and they do n't require a carrier 's reactor to operate . 
  a cylon basestar would had more power by many , many * many * orders of magnitude . 
  if you want an example , the shadows from babylon 5 are pretty much what i am talking about . 
  so he can be sure there wont be any after sale ? 
  what happens if an owners dies and the sword is inherited ? 
  we can understand that it need massive amount of energy , because the bsg , who normally provides power for hundreds of people , life support , weapons , computers , servers , sensors , cranes etc , need a lot of time to recharge to jump . 
  umm sorry , but hanzo is not the user . 
  and he is not `` renting '' the swords , he is selling them . 
  you cant enforce what the buyer will do with the product you sell . 
  does sellers of real estate can force what changes the new buyer will do in 2-5 years ? 
   children logo, 
   do n't they do it with rebels ? 
  well ... 
  / r/insidejorahshead thinks you are all liars .
