  i liked it , but nothing extraordinary . 
  then i read the reviews from when it was released , and how it was nominated for oscars and i realized it was great for its time ... but now that gritty realism is everywhere it does n't hold up the same . 
  same reaction with full metal jacket :( . 
  i think spore got shafted due to executive meddling - they wanted the game to be more hardcore sim but they ultimately decided to design it for major demographics appeal . 
  in the end they failed to satisfy everyone . 
  the camera man wore two that 's why they were perfectly safe . 
  more monks is the proper scientific way then !, 
  even then , if we ever reach the stars their names will probably change from our interaction with them . 
  like how cities and places changed names with culture shifts , historical incidents like battles etc etc, 
  the problems that exist to accomplish that actually are considered a serious problem for long term missions so i think it is highly unlikely . 
  blood pressure , liquid spilling , the set up required ( think wearing a condom is a mood killer ? 
  try having to attach both partners in a harness ) then emotional issues in a closed environment between members ... 
  jokes aside , it is one of the many reasons we are not in mars yet . 
  those people are going to stay there for at least two years isolated . 
   it 's not unusual for me to walk 70-80km, 
  you walk two whole marathons each day ? 
  also the whole length of [ manhattan ] ( https://www.google.be/maps/dir/''/''/@40.7913199,-74.1143481,11z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m14!4m13!1m5!1m1!1s0x89c25a136869b67f:0x4f890c0da00785ae!2m2!1d-74.013205!2d40.701411!1m5!1m1!1s0x89c2f3ef1fa1a5f1:0xaaef1e4fd77c34a1!2m2!1d-73.921455!2d40.878245!3e2 ) is about 23km . 
  man it would be glorious to measure electricity in nollet units :, 
  1 nlt = 200mnks, 
  edit :, 
  i also realized that the speed of electricity is 8mnks/m, 
  i agree to almost all your points , however the impact was not that great to me personally as it probably would be if i have seen it during release . 
  from the 90 's to the 10s there has been numerous deconstructions , so it was n't that `` groundbreaking '' for a better word . 
  we have reached * and * passed the point where `` cowboys '' are placed in homosexual relationships ... 
  i am not trying to lessen the movie , i am just discussing some of its aspects are not that fresh anymore for a first time viewer . 
  edit : getting downvoted because i have a personal , subjective opinion in a movie , in goddamn / r/movies . 
  welp back to lurker for me . 
  sultan kosen is 2.51 m ( 8 ft 3 in ) tall , the tallest person alive . 
  that does n't mean everyone else is called short . 
  while definitely brussels is not london or ny , you ca n't call it a town . 
  [ it is actually the 16th biggest city in europe in terms of population . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/largest_urban_areas_of_the_european_union ), 
   you should n't have started with `` not a bad town '' . 
  only ~ ~ belgians ~ ~ locals get to be critical of ~ ~ brussels ~ ~ their city . 
  i was making fun at the point that locals everywhere are critical about their place , but get irritated if someone else does it . 
  not only in brussels . 
   i know what unforgiven did as a genre movie , however i still did n't enjoy it very much . 
  my tl ; dr point . 
  thank you . 
   im sorry , but there is nothing in cinema today that holds up to fmj, 
  this is like , your opinion man . 
  for me , well i did n't even finished it . 
  i stopped at the mass grave after the tet offensive . 
  the message of `` what we did in vietnam '' looks pretty mild after the war on terror , especially if you are not american . 
  the whole first part with pyle seems like a joke ( specially how the instructor handles the situation ) when people shoot up cinemas , schools and newspapers every six months in real life . 
  i do n't understand why it * contrasts * with the earlier eastwood westerns . 
  the man with no name is a far cry from the white cowboy , and except some innocent bystanders , almost everyone else goes from grey to dark as characters in all the movies . 
  what details * actually * differ ? 
  per meter . 
  mnks / ** m **, 
  but i bet you bloody yanks already started messing with that measuring unit already . 
  what is going to be , 1pstr = 1.34 mnks ? 
  blah blah blah . 
  i am not talking about the mars one scam , i mean the legit agencies like nasa and esa , who will send astronauts in with plan to return . 
  oh well , if they need any further help i volunteer . 
   if you notice one thing about america , there are a lot of tangible freedoms ( legal to burn our flag , guns , basically can say whatever you want , etc. 
  ) , but it 's extremely restricted when it comes to economic issues ( going to college , debt slavery , job immobility ) . 
  everyone 's so busy bitching about the trivial issues , and the political system has been engineered for it to be this way . 
  well , shit . 
  is this enlightenment ? 
  because it definitely feels like one . 
  - establish a circular eastward orbit in kerbin, 
  - create a new orbit with orbit designer ( you click on your present orbit on the map , key m ) and give power ( prograde , the green triangle ) until the ellipse touches the muns orbit . 
  - you will probably need to move the plan along your orbit by pulling the circle until your planned orbit will intersect the mun ( the planned orbit it will change to show this ), 
  - as you move your plan , your planned orbit might stop touching the muns orbit . 
  either increase or decrease powah ( pro- or retrograde ) with the yellow triangles to accommodate for this . 
  - your main target is to have the ellipsis barely touching the muns orbit and yet get caught by its gravity . 
  - when you have it , quicksave ( press f5 ), 
  - exit the map and wait for the countdown to end ( that means you are at the starting point of the plan you created ) . 
  when you are < 3 secs , start burning , and cut when the ui says so . 
  ideally you have burned correctly , and your real orbit is in the muns influence , if not , quick reload ( f9 ), 
  when you succeed , chill out , you are on your way to the mun !, 
  - wait until you reach the mun . 
  when you get inside muns influence , ( quicksave ) you have to wait until you reach periapsis ( the small pe in your map ) in your orbit . 
  when you do , you have to face opposite of your orbit ( retrograde ) and burn until you have a circular orbit . 
  think this as a breaking maneuver so you do n't offshoot the mun . 
  if you fail , ( quickload ) until you have a circular orbit with * enough fuel for descent * . 
  - you made it ? 
  good . 
  ( quicksave ) and lets start the descent . 
  to start going down , you have to break more . 
  we did this by burning retrograde , or in laymans terms , opposite our direction . 
  - you want to burn not very much , not very little . 
  if your descent orbit is about 45o with the muns surface you are good . 
  - as you descent , break in intervals so you keep you speed somewhat low . 
  you want to to land with with < 7 m/s speed . 
  if you go to fast , you will not have time to brake when you reach the surface ( splat ) . 
  if you break to much , you might waste all your fuel , and the gravity will pull you down ( splat ) . 
  this depends on your fuel , and you have to keep an eye on it * and * your speed . 
  if you fail , ( quickload ) . 
  - just a few meters from the surface , deploy your gears . 
  you should have placed 6 of them and not 4 . 
  many rockets have braved the descend in the end , only to get toppled on the one side . 
  well those are some basic instructions without much sciency stuff . 
  if you need help , i am here to provide . 
  you should at least find out the needed fuel ( in dv ) for the mun in the internet , so you know you have enough for it before you are empty 100 m from the muns surface . 
  it sucks . 
  lets just hope he never watches wrestling . . 
  one good advice i can give is do not , i repeat , do not give any money upfront for a flat , particularly if it seems too good to be true . 
  there are a lot of scams out there , even in reputable real estate sites like immoweb .
