  i think most human are smarts enough to realise that there are middle ways to go in most stuff . 
  i was actually saying the exact opposite . 
  great reading skills . 
  i mean , what culture would be okay if treated like shit ? 
   getting sex , even without emotions will at least give some experience with the `` mechanical '' part of the game ( knowing what goes where , how it feels etc ) . 
  ** fix one goddamn problem at a time . 
  better than you . 
  well aparrently there are more of them . 
  i did . 
  they have meticusly worked on breaking the spirit of the members . 
  they raised false alarms during the night claiming they where under attack , they did repetition of mass suicide plan , and ofcourse constant indoctrinations . 
  a lot of other horrible stuff too . 
  there is a fun theory running around that after shhoting high caliber gun in close quarters so many times they have damaged hearing , hence why zombies can sneak up on them . 
  mostly because it is a `` recycle bin '' of shorts . 
  or getting burned alive . 
  some subs do have it though in their bots . 
  what annoys me more is that i feel that the rimworld developer read about the crazy highjinks that made df famous ( carps attacking , elephants from boatmurdered etc ) but instead of relying into random things conspiring just right he forced them and made them into a `` feature '' while toadie nerfed them or you have different starting options ( evil biomes for example ) . 
  in rimworld you * know * that beavers will attack you in an orginised way at some point . 
  actually people have done what you say multiple times for `` controversial '' films . 
  actually they didnt . 
  just stop it guys . 
  show some common sense . 
   or that given enough time to think about it a sober noob could figure out how to get one going . 
  download any flight simulator . 
  spend the next 30 minutes trying to find out how the thing even starts . 
  start the engine , and crash sideways before even taking off the tarmac . 
  flying is hard yo . 
  is like one of the reasons , middle class appeared after was because of banking practices allowed people to deal with trade and manufacturing instead of `` who has the most land wins '' . 
  i really hope you never drink alcohol , which is drinking ethanol , or eating fast food ( trans fat ) . 
  because they think i defend smoking , which i dont , i just point how arbitrary and judgemental prick that commenter was . 
   get back to being human again . 
  we need to transcend `` humanity '' . 
  humans gleefully bashed each others heads in since the dawn of time . 
  its the primal urges we still have . 
  i think the problem is mostly where the company design will go from there , not that a single expansion wrecked the game . 
  they have released a lot of mediocre to bad dlcs and/or mechanics based on a `` vision '' they have for the game ( sunset invasion , rajas , india , and now m&m ) that seems to always clash with what most of players want . 
  there is a huge backslash , they release a decent to rare good expansion , then back to their `` vision '' . 
  this is not a `` awww this dlc wrecked my game '' `` then do n't buy it '' situation , this feels like a chronic problem with how they design their expansions or even recent games ( hoi iv and stellaris had sub par releases at best ) . 
  i am indifferent about india , and most people where . 
  but the map bloating that brought into the game that did n't get fixed until reapers due , and it was n't optional like other dlcs . . 
  r/lewronggeneration prime material right here !, 
  never understood the appeal . 
  [ i think the similarities are pretty pronounced . 
  ] ( http://68.media.tumblr.com/c251071a1484f8838e19f0ff8d1cbb6f/tumblr_nemxqlpweg1r8z7b6o1_1280.jpg ), 
  its not coincidental . . 
  most of those things will be lost in the mists of time ( and data degradation ) . 
  the unlucky ones are those that get signaled out and `` risen '' to `` meme status '' ( barf ) right now . 
  essentially bulling . 
  yup . 
  its something that worries me since i am also planning on having kids . 
  bullying is something that is extremely widespread , i have experienced its effects from teenagers that i know ( and it was actually outright blackmailing by threat of posting of `` compromising photos '' , at least for a teenagers mind ) . 
  another problem is the extreme difficulty of policing the content they get . 
  its so easy to get a hold of porn of all kinds , extreme violence , scams , fringe theories and beliefs . 
  its like buying your kid a yearly ticket to downtown new york so he can visit it unattended and you hope that he/she will always go to the library . 
  nothing in that article contradicts what he said . 
  what * i * and * you * personally want is irrelevant . 
  what a sizeble chunk of the buyers want isnt . 
  and inb4 `` vocal minority '' this is correborated by official polls paradox itself has conducted a couple of months ago . 
  dlcs that went wayy outside the central `` historical theme '' of each game landed at the bottom of all scales consistently . 
  its telling that the most boring `` factions '' of the game have become the catholics and muslims . 
  you know the ones that should form the core of content . 
  i said bottom of * all * metrcs didnt i ? 
  i dont really think you understand what the jokes is entirelly . 
  i couldnt find the test screen they did with that dog unfortunately . 
  it atrociously hilarious . 
  it feels like offbrand mcu and it is so sad . 
  a batman and superman movie should have been one of the movies of the decade . 
  i dont think you relationship is the same as with ops just because it involves one same aspect of having multiple sex partners . 
  or that * this * specific one is actually doing it right `` just cause '' . 
  her answers were a bit subpar to be honest . 
  she seems to reply constistently about how the husband offers the best sex ( even if it is making love ) . 
  what happen if they hit a rough patch in their sex life like some couples do ? 
  especially since part of their `` kink '' is apparently comparing how good it feels ? 
  ask the boys , sorry , `` heroes '' they sent in afganistan and iraq . 
  you know , the ones with crippling ptsd , missing hands and various addictions . 
  `` hey girl i saved ya from that terrible rapist , but you know , you owe me one , so get on your knees and start sucking , * now * '' . 
  centuries actually . 
  same with the balkans all the way to hungary and austria at some point . 
  are you using fixt ? 
  so you put less emphasis on language about how you self identify ? 
  the other two parts will have an aneurism . . 
  it was a joke , mostly , from a new resident 's perspective in the country at least . 
  it feels really weird ( and for me , a bit sad ) that the communities do the absolute minimum about lowering the exact barriers you talk about . 
  i consider belgium as an example of how europe will behave/become in the future , and if the best we can do is becoming begrudging roommates that at the best days simply ignore each other ... ay ay ay . 
  so , what you are saying is that whales eat thousands of babies every day . 
  ah it is a `` mod '' that restores a bit of content and fixes bugs , but has ( had ? ), 
  a serious bug in junktown where a scripted fight with a gang would actually turn the entire town hostile . 
  it also adds companion inventory management from fallout 2 i think . 
  fixed !, 
  dammit . 
  fixed x2 . 
  i real think they took out when they inserted this in the lore in fallout 2 . 
  the vaults in fallout 1 where built for legit survival , but where designed by a decaying and corrupted society that thought nuclear war would be simply a walk in the park for true americans and everyone would play baseball after they had nuked the dirty communists to kingdom come . 
  yet they where delusional and brought the apocalypse , and the vaults failed because of this , not for some wacky experiments . 
  vault 13 almost failed because they had only 1 water chip . 
  vault 15 because they ignored the structural weaknesses of the mountain . 
  vault 12 because the door jammed etc. 
  a very bleak tale with some dark humor springled around . 
  come fallout 3 and we have gary and vault 69 . 
  thanks avellone !,
