  at least we missed the talking racoons . 
   you only had one water chip because there was infighting in vault 13 and the victors took most of the working tech with them . 
  the vault was supposed to last 50 years or more otherwise . 
  i have no idea where you get your info . 
  this is the first time i hear about this . 
  everything about the vault experiments were based in the fallout bible and fallout 2 that where created by chris avellone . 
  chris had no role in producing fallout 1 . 
  there is no indication that the vaults where experiments at all . 
  fallout was way darker that fo2 and most of it was played straight , and the gallows humor was more subdued , and with that , more poignant . 
  instead in fo2 we got tom cruise and scientology expies , magic , intelligent deathclaws , wanamingos and of course the wacky vault tec experiments . 
  thanks chris . 
  the vast , vast majority of the things we know and love from fallout world are due to the brains of tim cain . 
  tell him it will be double funny if he cant fibd a spot because all the decent people that try to keep the handicapped spaces clear have given up . 
  `` cry wolf '' and all that . 
  if he had tried that two , three centuries before the venetians fucked things up , he would get those ships back in a bowl to put on top of his fireplace next to grandma . 
  tje city was called like that for 1600 years . 
  while there might still people alive from when the change happened . 
  this another mind blowing thing . 
  we tend to compress history in our minds , especially since technology changed in a much slower pace . 
  but the you realize that things that we consider being at the same era for their contemporaries might have been already history . 
  for example , we tend to think that the sack of constantinople in 1204 was pretty close with the conquest by the ottomans in 1453 , but in reality the empire survived for 249 years after that . 
  this corresponds to year * 1768 * from our present day . 
  this is more time than the us exist as an independent country !, 
  there are many many many examples like this all over the place . 
  it also shatter the commonplace thought that '' * this is it . 
  we discovered most of what he had to discover , politics and culture and technology had stabilized and everything will be the same in 50 or 100 years , right ? 
  take for example the roman republic . 
  it was n't a new , untested and unstable state . 
  it has existed since 509 bc until officially ending in 27 bc . 
  it existed for * 482 * years . 
  imagine if today a democracy turned into a dictatorship , a democracy that was first established in * 1535 * ad . 
  now remember that most modern democracies in the western world are barely between 70-100 years old and we consider them mature and stable . 
  sure buddy , whatever you say . 
  its not being ignorant , its having difficultty visualizing the difference . 
  its similar with comparing really big numbers . 
  you know 1.5 billion is a bigger number than 1 billion , but can you picture it in you mind as easily s the difference between lets say , 2 and 1 ? 
  people know it was different times , but they cant * really * understand it until you put it in modern perspective . 
  also you are a smartass . 
  its one thing being ignorant where modern india is today , and another thing having detailed knowledge of the eastern mediterranean from late middle ages to early renaissance . 
  i can imagine the unemployment , stunted growth , lack of basic goods like a home , food or electricity , hospitals , the political destabilization and it would take decades to see any light at the end of the tunnel ... oh wait we where talking about hypothetical scenarios ? 
  greece :, 
  agriculture : 4.1 %, 
  industry : 15 %, 
  ** services : 80.9 % ** ( [ 2016 est ] ( https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/fields/2012.html ) . ), 
  yeah i do n't think you know what you are talking about , as usual when this thing comes up . 
  well shit . 
  you are right . 
  i always compared greece to `` developing '' countries , even in research , so i never have seen the defference between the eu members . 
  while definetely better than most of the world ( where even china is at 8 % ) if you compare only at the eurozone its lagging , more than double the eu median , 1.6 % ) . 
  right ? 
  `` our democracy sucks so i aint going to participate , the one thing that surely weakens it '' . 
  ehhh if you could somehow take the coasts with its major city centres , i dint think of what is left inland will be enough to offer meaningfull resistance . 
  precicly . 
  if there where ever was an invasion that succesfully invaded * both * coasts ( that include centers of goverment and something like 70 % -80 % of the gdp ) across huge oceans it would not be stopped by some swamps . 
  or probably care to go further . 
  hey do you also assume they have phd knowledge in their first semester like you assume random people to have more than basic knowledge of history ? 
  i think you are confusing what subtle differences between political propaganda and indoctrination versus advertising and fandom support exist . 
  popularised is also too weak a term i think `` codified '' is more appropiate . 
  same as jules vern , there where stories with scientific contraptions before ( heck iron birds and iron men like talos exist since antiquity ) but he took thoae and made them something unique and distinct , hence he is considered one of the founding persons of modern sci fi . 
  as i said , the point is not to understand the numeric difference , but how it was perceived in their contempory times . 
  what is more easier to visualise , that caesar died in 44bc and nero became emperor at 56ad , or adding on top of that if nero was enthroned today , caesar would be dead since 1919 . 
  i mean , there is a reason why we use graphs and such to make reading numbers and compare percentages easier . 
  this is nothing different . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  this side was actually something that have n't been properly explained , or at all during the crisis , with most focusing on the public sector and / or corruption ( not that those are irrelevant ofcourse ) . 
  but i think this is something that shows that the economy had major issues from eh start that both sides ignored , and the solution that are implemented now will not work ( the percentage became bigger a bit the last years , either due to shrinkage of the other two or because it actually grew , or probably both ) . 
  i will also check that publication , found it in academia . 
  i dont know how old joffrey is in the books , but in the series he has passed the pount of no return . 
  he was also a sociopath ( ? ) . 
  especially since his brothers and sisters seem to be better adjusted . 
  he would probably get really high whith the get shot for getting too ambitious . 
  stalin had goddamn rapists and pedophiles under him ( see beria ) and worked with them without any problem . 
  i dont think ideology mattered much to him . 
  stalin had a huge sting of `` useful idiots '' that then he shot/banish . 
  i hardly think he cared about ideology . 
  if someone was an open capitalist would never survive in his own home , much less get close to any position of power , shit he would probably be able to be a friggin mailman . 
  if he was a `` closeted '' he would probably survive until ppa stalin had no use of him . 
  also the question is moot , putin is not using capitalism based on personal beliefs , he would be a staunch communist if it suited him . 
  i mean , the guy was * already * in kgb since '75 for crying out loud . 
  you mean the guy he used and when he was spent he had him executed ? 
  a prime example of what i just said ? 
  yeah i dont think it was possible to fix him past this point . 
  when it effected his lackeys ? 
  you bet !, 
  unless they they were vocal about it , anything was permitted as long as you where useful to him and his thirst of power . 
  heck they where nazis with jewish heritage at some point that got a `` clean race '' degree because `` reasons '' . 
  so before calling someone an idiot , open a fucking [ book ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/honorary_aryan?wprov=sfla1 ) . 
  i have ( painfully ) experienced a fucking venture picking off the interceptors ( 30mil a piece ) of a whole gang and running around them in circles . 
  sec status has no effect in adm anomalies ; no ? 
  someone saw taken and thought it was a documentary . . 
  me likes you . 
  while it increases the number of anomalies , i do n't think that has a great difference in bounties of npc bounties that are in those , only the ones in the `` normal '' belts . 
  european ? 
  i thought they where russian or something that wanted to sell them to arabs . 
  you know the full `` easter hordes are going to snatch our daughters '' spiel . 
  and of course the only european police was represented by a corrupt french officer . 
  so only the mighty ~ ~ white ~ ~ american could save them !, 
  i mean , russians * are * europeans . 
  i just made fun that they did n't even use any other typo of ethnicity except the `` new axis of evil '' guys . 
  at least three .
