  a regime that rewrites history in the spot , if i remember correctly they switch the nation they are supposedly at war in the middle of a party gathering and nobody cares . 
  * nothing * can be taken in face value , especially historical facts . 
  it is quite possible that neither big brother or the resistance exists at all and are in fact constructs . 
  i dont know if it is people , bt that thing is not greek . 
  even the fucking brand name is spelled wrong for fuck shake . 
   take the attitude of a lot of christians these days and they will insist the earth is only several thousand years old , that there is no life anywhere else in the universe ( despite there likely being hundreds of nonillions of planets in the universe ) . 
  bloody hell , most christians are n't much more open minded than those in christian history that pushed a geocentric model of the universe !, 
  by `` most christians '' you mean some protestant sub sects ? 
  because you kinda forget the hundreds of millions of catholics , orthodox etc that biblical literacy is not that hardcore . 
  oh i got that referance . 
  its the brand that irks me . 
  imagine if you saw a bottle of whiskey named `` authentik '' made in poland . 
  and people called it american bourbon . 
  the hotel star rating system * does * take facilities in account , but customers have no input on it . 
  um westerns are very very dead for the last 15 years and where in death throes fir the last 30 . . 
  no he is an idiot because the hotel star system exists exacly for that . 
  dont expect a pool in a 2 or 3 star hotel . 
  unless the hotel advertised a nonexistent pool , which not only warrants a bad review , but it is straight up * illegal * . 
  i think reviews should be based on some standard expectations . 
  i mean if one store was called `` all the worlds toppings ! '', 
  and the other `` bobs pizza and gas stop '' they should not be judged equally in their offers . 
  the only one that should get a bad review for not having your favorite topping would be the first pizza . 
  i mean the guy in the original post did n't ask a conventional thing . 
  i would expect many many places to decline that order not only for lack of materials/expertise/tools but also public image . 
  can you imagine if that customer gave a 5/5 review ? 
  `` great dick and vagina cakes !, 
  very realistic also ! '', 
  one week ago i went to delhaize to get a pack of my favorite beer , leffe blonde . 
  when i arrived i noticed an offer that with a pack of duvel you got a duvel glass . 
  i asked them if by any chance they were * selling * other beer glasses to finally use for my leffe . 
  they did n't . 
  i bought a duvel pack because it would be the only one i could drink properly . 
  i am not even belgian . 
  marvel movies well ? 
  or straight to dvd well ? 
  this is the equivelent of a music band demonstration / march . 
  if you mean `` westerns '' as everything that is set in 19th century america then yes . 
  but i hardly think no country and revenant archetypical westerns . 
  gravity falls is lost done properly . 
  it has been 6 years . 
  it is still relevant !, 
  for a lot of sects it actually is . 
  naval combat before cannons was actually more horrifying . 
  ships usually rammed each other at will and boarded for hand to hand fighting up close and personal . 
  it had all the brutality of land combat only on a huge mess of broken wood , drowing men and cold sea water mixed with blood and cinders pouting on everyone . 
  and if you where attacking the eastern roman empire , you can add huge streams of fucking napalm pouring on your ships roasting entire companies alive . 
  so boring . 
  then you both get a spear in face for being a boring duo . 
  those `` games '' where unwinable by default remember ? 
  i think that would be so ridiculus you might got reprieve . 
  shit even the lions would probably be dazzled . 
  he was first hiding in his house , one of the places was inside the cupboard , probably since he somehow escaped the monster during his first confrontation in the storage sack and he wasnt bleeding . 
  after the incident where he and his mom see each other through the wall , the monster has found him and he has to run away ( joyce says she cant feel him no more afterwards ) . 
  he finds refuge in the castle until the monster finds him so he was captive for a short time , and probably used as a breeding ground/post natal breakfast for demogorgon jr. 
  barb was already hurt by the attack and taken captive immidietly . 
  she was either used as a food or her corpse looks like that after hatching snd eaten from the inside . 
  remember el seeing a slug coming out of her mouth ? 
  that was my immediate thought also . 
  the relly shity thing of that video is that teh comeupance to man doent come from the rape of the planet , but from two radom space dudes . 
  and it is never explained how those two space dudes got into a spacefaring civilization without doing the same shit . 
  if you dont die by lack of oxygen and depressurisation , next in line is getting slowly roasted by the sun * precisly * for the reasons you described . 
  vote turnout is at the lowest for decades , and spread out in many parties . 
  we need party coalitions to form a goverment ( despite a hefty bonus the top elected party automaticaly gets ) after 20 + years . 
  to give you a percpective , they have 7 % when the cut off to actually get in the parliament is 3 % . 
  if some party steals some hundrend thousand votes somehow they can get out of the parliament . 
  another thing is that as propaganda goes , this one is * really * in your face . 
  the subtle swastika = nazi = religion is very very subtle . 
  i think itis obvious would work like a glow stick , you have to `` activate '' it somehow . 
  dont being pedantic . 
  fuck chukles in the ass . 
  i hope we get a complete remake so i can put my ankh right in his eye . 
  compassion my ass . . 
  `` indies '' was a catch all term for all places that were not china or japan . 
  * indo * china perhaps ring a bell ? 
  or both . 
  or lynching blacks !, 
  its not a direct translation . 
  its a type of contract that mighr not allow vacation days . 
  used for subcontractors mostly ( ? ) . 
  however do not take their word at face value and do not base your decition in what you read on the friggin reddit . 
  there are special agencies that can help you out for stuff like this called '' \u03b5\u03c0\u03b9\u03b8\u03b5\u03c9\u03c1\u03b9\u03c3\u03b7 \u03b5\u03c1\u03b3\u03b1\u03c3\u03b9\u03b1\u03c2 ' / epitheorisi ergasias that exist to help/protect employees ( think labor unions without political connections but bring public agencies ) . 
  find the local one and try to call them at least !, 
  true true . 
  `` dont think about it more than it needs to , its a movie '', 
  greek here , grandma had the same box and i had the same disappointment . 
  made worse because very very rarely she would buy cookies for her friends in those boxes so i had to check them out everytime just in case . 
  if possible go/ask with someone outside your workplace . 
  bosses are pretty touchy about these stuff since most of them usually operate in grey areas at best . 
  dont ever play knights of the old republic . . 
  did you loved mass effects ending as well ? 
  because if yes we should be friends !, 
  you mean manatees ? 
  the prequel movies . 
  ohhh if you said those words 4 years ago . . 
  you take its situation individually . 
  father was guilty for murdering ( manslaughter ) one person and threatening another one . 
  if the son had survived both suicide and shotgun he would have been charged for planning a murder . 
  what ifs are irrelevant . 
  yeah its on of the top 10 game series for me yet i cant get through the first 2-3 hours of gameplay for the first one whe i tried a second playthrough . 
  i do suggest for you to bite the bullet and trudge through .
