  ** marie celeste : ** the ship was carrying alcohol in leaky barrels in a tight closed hold , with an inexperienced for this cargo type captain . 
  fumes from the alcohol build up and eventually blow up , spectacularly exploding all the cargo hold hatches all over the ship . 
  however , burning alcohol fumes , while they look like hell on earth , will not actually cause the wood of the ship to burn or even singe . 
  the inexperienced passengers and crew fearing they are going to burn to death get on a boat and start trailing the ship as they hold on a rope . 
  either due to bad luck , weather or mismanagement the boat is freed from the rope leaving them in the middle of the atlantic . 
  this sounds like a conspiracy theory , while the sinking by a broken door sounds way more plausible . 
  [ it has happened before . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ss_heraklion#sinking ), 
  thank you for the information . 
  while that does n't disproves the main issue of what happened to the crew ( they where lost in the sea for one reason on another in the boat ) it gives an even more plausible scenario than the alcohol ( however it fails to answer what happened to the alcohol that was missing ) . 
  we probably never know exactly what happened , but i do n't think the ` mystery ' is something metaphysical . 
  it was really common . 
  really , the roanoke colony has absolutely no reason to be a '' mystery '' ( compared to the other two that might have some grey areas ) . 
  from the leader of the expedition that found the deserted colony himself :, 
  `` i greatly joyed that i had safely found a certain token of their safe being at croatoan , which is the place where manteo was born , and the savages of the island our friends . '', 
  hello , i had the same situation as you , i started building joomla from scratch . 
  i also used artisteer to design one of my first websites . 
  a couple of points :, 
  artisteer will not built you your website , but only the template . 
  while this certainly will make the website building faster , it only solves the `` presentation '' problem not the `` content '' problem like descriptions or the `` structure '' like menus . 
  you still have to do those yourself afterwards . 
  there are thousands of cheap or free templates out there , why waste your time learning a program for something you will possibly never going to use again when you can learn how joomla works ? 
  and as far as i know , there is n't a free program like that, 
  hey do n't tell me , tell it to the other guy who apparently believes waves does n't sink ships . 
  or you are probably not an uneducated thug that feels up girls when they are passed out ? 
  you can mod it if you want . 
  its called twincest matey !, 
  if i remember correctly you have to edit the religion files . 
  i think there is a line you have to add/change under a specific religion to allow close relative marriages . 
  obviously this means afterwards everyone in your religion can do it . 
  kef is not a nickname for kefalonia , maybe it simply the first 3 letters . 
  the island of odysseus was ithaca , a small island next to kefalonia . 
  it is probably a modern memento . 
  reminds me of the robbery scene from snatched . 
  or something out of a buster keaton short . 
   im now going to go wash everything in incredibly hot water ... 
  as far as i know , spiders do n't carry specific pathogens on them . 
  i think normal washing as usual for children clothes is enough . 
  i am not trying to patronize you , but to make you feel somewhat better . 
  and always take any info with a grain of salt . 
  wha . . i do n't even . . ? 
  macedonians vs greeks ? 
  should n't be macedonians vs thebans/athenians ? 
  why would they be more spiders ? 
  and how * incredibly * hot water would help more instead of just water ? 
  tadpoles are a lot bigger , close to a small goldfish . 
  so should i give some advice that might take some anxiety out of him/her or should i make it worse ? 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  i think the whole eve secretely cares about newbies . 
  i think it is a weird inverse scenario than real life , on an individual level we are okay to destroy/scam etc but on a whole we are more empathic . 
  the inspiration sounds lovely and it is a pity because '' greasy expat trap '' was precisely how we felt . 
  we actually didnt spend any money because we felt weird . 
  we went to a small cafe/bar next to our place and we had some beers for half the price . 
  totally understandable !, 
  all ok i presume ? 
  thank god !, 
  happy for you and your baby !, 
  have a great weekend . 
  i think private exchange of sums is illegal . 
  that 's . . pretty much what i said ... 
  are you aware that in every single revolution that ever happened outside forces seized the opportunity to support and finance military groups of their own interest , right ? 
  and this time it will not be france , but china or russia buddy . 
  and you might not even be aware its them until its too late . 
  ahh the so compassionate `` rule of the strongest '' . . she did n't drop the ball 5 meters away , * he literally took if her fingertips . 
  just holding your hand up is not . 
  spreading your fingers open and doing a forward move towards the recipient is . 
  it would be really difficult to confuse a [ moutza ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xzqlsvqi8f4 ), 
  someone tricked you ... 
  it was a proposal * for * a conspiracy , not a conspiracy that took place . 
  we do n't know how it could go . 
  and as other secret plans , sooner or later it got exposed . 
  you mean the totally disorganized copycat operation pretty much anyone in the intelligence community knew it was backed by the us and pretty soon the whole world , that `` secret '' conspiracy ? 
  actually he was wrong and you are right . 
  the ring turned even humans invisible . 
  aaaaand they got caught by slavers, 
  this could work as a prequel title, 
  no direct sources but from a previous repost a lot of arabs claimed the guy in white who kicks is te wealthy owner of the animal ( who probably bought it for prestige ) and the guy getting kicked is his servant probably from pakistan who are usually exploited . 
  so not so funny . 
  tie the girlfriend, 
  all the time a group had appeared that can help the oots with the quest it ended with them getting horribly slaughtered ( the paladins , the resistance , the drakentooth clan . . ) so dont get you hopes up . . 
  unless we find a realistic way of moving to another solar system we dead . 
  this is simply not possible for now , if ever . 
  only realistic chance is generation ships ( huge selfcontained space traveling colonies that are going to take hundrends of years to get to their destination ) but we also need a destination . 
  as far as i know no exoplanet we have discovered is even close to be habitable . 
  the light itself will vaporise us . 
  actually his reflexes where too good . 
  if he hadent reached and pulled the barb he had a bit better chances of survival since it caused more damage and blood loss, 
  the `` light '' itself will be enough to burn us if the suns goes boom . 
  like how light can burn you before even the sound can reach you in a nuclear explosion . 
  so you only have 8 normal min before you die . 
  imbecile comment . 
  eh if we reach the point we have the technology for a mega spaceship we will be able to strip mine asteroids and the moon as primary sources for materials and built it piece by piece in orbit . 
  thats actually something we can already do if hard pressed . 
  from my humble experience joomla and other cms will allow you to be flexible and customize or use pre fab as much you want . 
  if you prefer to create custom code in js , html etc it allow you to do so and load it , while in the other hand you can get some premade componets and pluginas with various functionalities and easily incorporate it in you site . 
  it has a lot shortcomings but i think it is the best solution for medium to small websites . 
  no , i pretend i just armed the defence systems and the electronic traps that are silently monitoring for any disturbance while i am away . 
  i might add a small microphone that instead of beep will say `` system online '', 
  this guy definitely learned history playing europa universalis and other paradox strategy games ... 
  in this case , literally hitler .
