  well the first is definitely fuel , but i do n't know if it is of the creepy kind . 
  jorah remembers ... 
  i think it can compared with monty pythons holy grail . 
  you might laugh at the first time , but nothing groundbreaking . 
  but the treasure trove of quotes and silly scenes to joke about it afterwards makes a second viewing a blast . 
  go and boil your bottoms , you sons of a silly person . 
  i blow my nose at you , you empty-headed animal food trough wiper !, 
  i fart in your general direction !, 
  your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries !, 
  i did n't say it is a bad thing ... 
  not to pile up , but i did a case study about this in crisis management . 
  there where numerous filled complaints before that event concerning the temperature . 
  [ here ] ( http://scifi.stackexchange.com/questions/15141/how-did-the-computer-virus-get-uploaded-into-the-mothership-in-independence-day ) , some answers to ease your suffering . 
  very interesting is the reference to the deleted scene . 
  it was from a bystander . 
  he missed . 
   should there be self cooking cooking machines because stove tops could accidentally kill your family by letting it catch your house on fire ? 
  last time i checked , you do n't allow completely untrained people to work with stoves unsupervised , particularly gas . 
  and we are talking about a activity way more safe than driving , not everything us equally dangerous . 
  that 's why you need rigorous training to even get close to a airplane cockpit , instead of the zero training to use a tablet . 
   still a lot of what ifs and a lot of precaution based around assuming itll save a sure number of lives aggregated , of course it would but on an individual level you are way way more than likely to never involuntary manslaughter the shit out of a pedestrian ( assuming youre not a drunk driving idiot ) . 
  you are assuming and `` what if '' that you will * never * kill a child . 
  i want to make it a certainty . 
  you mean the painstakingly detail for all games to be as historical as possible balanced with enjoyable when you take it out of the box ? 
  you would be surprised how many of our `` fantasies '' actually happened or came close to . 
  and that happens because the sandbox is set up in a historical way . 
  what the hell did he do ? 
  shived the referee ? 
  i am an agnostic . 
  everyone is annoying . 
  still annoying . 
  and i found your comment from an article about this thread . 
  well about this whole thread , but yeah . 
   really id be for the self driving shit if it was solely for freeway driving and inner city congestion issues ... but i serious would never want to give up my windy roads and side streets, 
  well stay calm because self driving will probably apply there first . 
   also , maybe people just have n't thought of it this way ** yet ** , but after i explain why they may agree that actually yes , that is quite disrespectful . 
  this is for me . 
  sometimes you just do n't realize something until someone points it out . 
  and i really do n't understand the mentality `` thank god we have victoria , or we would not have celeb amas '' . 
  what ? 
  if you want copycat generic answers through a representative you can watch those in press conferences or dvd extras . 
  there are other sources for these so gtfo if you cant handle reddit !, 
  ** the celebrities came * to * reddit seeking pr , not the other way around !, 
  i think alcibiades fleeing to sparta was the turning point . 
  afterwards , nicias * really * dropped the ball in sicily and that was the beginning of the end . 
  so we agree ? 
  you have to contradict if you reply directly to op i think . 
   why on earth would any celebrity agree to sit back and be grilled by anonymous morons on the internet like that ? 
  we had a holocaust victim accused of lying , and the same with astronauts . 
  you 're flat out asking for too much from these people . 
  an ama is not some sacred cow , it 's always been and always will be about publicity . 
  nobody forces them to come here seeking good pr . 
  they have to play that game if they want to , since reddit is based in anonymity . 
  reddit as a community , not as a company . 
   then we would have to accept that we would get nowhere near the amount of interesting high profile amas that we 're used to, 
  have n't seen anything interesting for the last year unless the author * really * wants to participate . 
  on the other hand , we are flooded with cardboard amas that look like a press conference transcript . 
   does n't seem worth it just so will smith can answer dillweed902 's insulting question about his faith . 
  will smith would never be forced to reply that question , and you are creating a strawman . 
  asshole question will exist either with victoria or not so nothing changes on that part with her . 
  what changes is that amas are turning to a cash grab for reddit and celebs managers that are going to run it dry until enough people understand its not that spontaneous anymore and go away . 
  well , not our problem . 
  the reddit community are not the ones forcing them either way . 
  ron jeremy is sad ... 
  nobody forces them to work there / s, 
  thank you !, 
   dick with rice, 
  or is it ... [ rice dick ? 
  also with modern buildings a stove fire does n't turn into a firestorm that burns half the city . 
  see the picturesque mediterranean [ city of athens ] ( http://farm1.static.flickr.com/56/139933057_0f76b619cd.jpg?v=0 ), 
  i moved to brussels from there and when belgians ask me why did i move to such an ugly city ... and i am like [ whaaaat ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/42/parc_du_cinquantenaire_30-05-06.jpg ) ?!, 
  there are some ugly buildings , but not even astronomically close to athens . 
  [ for some reason your argument reminded me this . 
  i was actually being * sarcastic * . 
  a lot of people do n't have the option to choose where and how to work . 
  it is an old subreddit with great content so i think it can get a pass . 
  god knows what it will happen , but it is imperative we have to experience it themselves . 
  like watching an old favorite movie with your child . 
  i am not supporting or contradicting anything , i am just discussing . 
  providing free food and clothes unless it is really an emergancy is bad . 
  but you can help economies without destabilizing them by providing funds for major infrastructure , education and health . 
  these things will allow the population to eventually take hold of their own future , without breaking local companies.teach a man to fish and all that . 
  and believe me , if you do n't want your funds to reach the hands of local warlords you can do it pretty easily . . unless you want that to happen `` accidentally '' so you can break the nations political landscape and be able to install your own puppets that will sell you their own country for some hookers and blow . 
  do n't you charge them ? 
  late check-out ( 6pm ) is half the night price where i used to work . 
  the magic words `` as you wish sir , but i have to inform you this will entail a charge of 170 euros '' had suddenly turned a lot of customers to flash the superhero . 
  a hotel is a juggernaut behind the scenes and you have to organize everything to run like a swiss clock , morning shift is usually 7pm-15 pm and that includes preparing , serving and cleaning up for breakfast and lunch , so you ca n't have 50 + f&b employees working overtime , just in case 2 % of the customers might get pissed for something that is standard around the world . 
  the problem here is not that they do n't have late breakfast , but that they do n't provide room service breakfast ( depending on what you pay obviously ) . 
  that is not a late check out , that is being reasonable and hospitable . 
  unless they charged then they where assholes and also illegal in some places . 
  but but ... the housekeeping staff should be really pissed everyday about messing up with the schedule ... what happens if this effects that ? 
  where is my money ilerminatty ?? 
  sih . . apparently i will have to apply for a fake crisis actor ... 
  but i have heard you are not sure to be appointed to the `` survivors '' team . 
  leading in the front ( both of them ) is the glorious general maan maan !, 
  actually any * real * science fiction for that matter . 
   pseudophilosophical bullshit like interstellar does . 
  really ? 
  2001 basing it 's entire plot around the new age `` ancient astronauts '' premise ? 
  or that we somehow did n't knew war until we where uplifted ?
