hmm maybe i just find terrorism to be not a laughing matter, 
  ever thing i 'm just a normal person who 's just trolling very obviously ... no of course not that would make sense and how else could you keep your russian persecution complex, 
   you guys lol , i 'm not russian , i just have a basic grasp of realpolitk, 
  if shutting down their own power stations as they have no fuel for them is * sense * yea, 
  and ukraine should see plain as day that the coal that fuels the power plants that make the electricity they are no longer * selling * to crimea comes from russia . 
  and * oops * guess who 's not getting any coal in their stocking this christmas ... http://korrespondent.net/ukraine/3593293-rossyia-ostanovyla-postavky-uhlia-ukrayne-dzhemylev ukraine seems to like punching itself in the face, 
  or we could go back ten more steps and blame the mistake that was making crimea part of ukraine in the first place, 
  it 's literally what they do , when the war was hot they were even bragging about how they were manipulating / r/europe , they owned / r/ukranianconflict and how / r/worldnews was a lost cause as it 's too much sided with russia . 
  i see a friendly swede has given some examples below so i 'll leave it at that but go translate some of their threads , it 's a little private circlejerk they got going there, 
  ukraine needs to reign in it 's far right terrorists, 
  wow so much brigading in this thread / r/ukraina out in force again i see, 
   do you understand that the only reason ukraine does n't declare war is that russia will be allowed to attack in full force after that ? 
  that 's why you do n't fuck with bigger stronger nation states, 
  if i go back one step further i can blame the idiots setting kiev on fire the ones who initiated the process removing a leader undemocratically, 
  `` low quality post '', 
  becasue if they know there is an attack most likely they know who is planning it . 
  by waiting you give the manhunt time to catch up with you , by attacking now you still have some chance of being successful, 
  i think most people will admit management was really out of touch with reality in the years surrounding the iphone and similar shifts in the touchscreen market . 
  nokia had become a huge bureaucracy that left itself unable to react and change fast enough for a tech company . 
  the thing is nokia wasted so much time , resources and energy developing meego they sort of just fell behind when everyone else was focusing on the handsets and letting android do it 's thing . 
  i agree there was nothing to lose by simply not doing the whole windows phone exclusive thing but at that point they were underwater anyway and needed the money . 
  yet some people try to claim russia wants europe full of migrants and it 's all part of some evil secret plan, 
   but i understand you , you have to defend your friend from reuropean . 
  propagandists got ta stick together , is n't that the directive ? 
  you see this is exactly what i 'm talking about , you have a clear agenda . 
  i think most people here agree the damage was done before elop every came onboard . 
  that said when he came he pretty much overseen the dismantlement of the company . 
  these peace talks  saudi arabia will host a conference of syrian opposition groups to help them choose representatives for peace talks with the syrian government to end the country 's four-year civil war , according to the arab league . 
  well what i meant is i did n't take the hyper `` world is crashing approach '' many seemed to take making themselves as safe and changing their facebook profile pictures to a french nationalists wet dream . 
   if we let them take control over that border then we have no border 's with syria no you have a border with the kurdish controlled part of syria . 
  with peace talks coming soon all will be resolved then . 
  yep this is the real problem , if turkey would just let the kurd 's join their two separate territory 's and close the isis pocket but they ca n't and wont let them becasue politics and the fact they cant arm and support isis when they do n't have an open border . 
   `` perfect propagandist , i 'll take that as a compliment . 
  but i am not a fanatic , i use words . 
  i think we have all seen how real fanatics operate . '', 
  yea you are really reaching with that statement and i 've seen you get personal and borderline harass users stalking their comments as if you think you are doing some sort of pc police duty . 
  if anything you take it to the extreme and the fact you ca n't see the sarcasm in that comment confirms it . 
  * take a break , go outside , reddit is not life or death *, 
   but if you did n't feel anything for the victims in paris , you might want to worry about that . 
  obviously it did have an effect on me , not as much as some people as to be honest i 've been expecting this to happen given the current lax attitude europeans have to the islamic extremist threat . 
  for me it registered on the same scale as the people who died when that suicidal pilot crashed into the mountain ... a real shitty situation where people died by someone else 's hand for no reason but nothing to go changing my facebook picture about or changing my daily life over . 
  rip . 
  bad ass dog . 
  it 's weird how the whole terrorism thing does n't really have any effect on me but kill one dog just trying to do his job and i will will hunt you down and kill you . 
  it 's more worrying to me that nearly many these terrorists seem to be able to live perfect double lives . 
  being almost moderately successful on the outside but hiding their true intentions until they attack . 
  oh i know that very well that 's the irony of it all . 
  in fact if anything i 've experienced positive discrimination for simply being a european tax paying immigrant . 
  with the crisis in finland i could see a lot more finns following me since you guys are short programmers and ict guys while microsoft are firing all of ours . 
  just wait until we start gentrifying tallinn , 
   there 's no immigrant who wants to come in estonia i 'm a finnish immigrant in estonia , i wanted to come here since my comparative salary is actually better here when cost of living is taken into account , in estonia i get paid 5000 beers per month before tax whereas in finland only 3800 before even higher beer taxes . 
  should i be afraid ? 
   here in estonia we have putin fans on the extreme right and on the extreme left , just because he is anti-us . 
  both wings actually betraying their worldviews , just do be able to stick it to us . 
  sticking it to us is paramount nowadays , its above morality . 
  i 'm down with that , as long as the us is cock blocking and ruling the roost neither the european left nor right can have their own true agenda, 
  lol , obesity and people 's tolerance of it is indeed a greater threat then religious lunacy though . 
   police have confirmed that a seven-year-old belgian shepherd police dog called diesel was killed in the raids in st-denis this morning . 
   french media said the dog had been sent into the apartment where the fugitives were holed up to assess the level of danger before they stormed it . 
  sounds like a not very scary ghost, 
   but as a result it is like germany tries to be extra selfless and anti-nationalistic . 
  yea well i can only say you are like a pendulum swinging from one extreme to the other . 
  it 's as if germany and all the other nations share the same apartment building and germany decided to block the door open at night to let homeless people sleep in the hallways . 
  that 's out shared space and germany is treating it like a homeless shelter, 
  duplicate of what ? 
  sometimes i wonder how well i could do if i really gave the criminal career path a try , when you think about it most people who get caught are the dumb and desperate types . 
  giving someone a cd that could be loaded with a virus seems like a wasted opportunity to me . 
  the best known social engineering hack is still the one where you lose a flash drive in the lobby or parking centre of a company you wish to target knowing someone may pick it up and bring it inside to see whats on it . 
  that music cd thing could be really improved by putting some sort of trojan software on it that lets you own the victims computer when they get home opening up the opportunity to blackmail them again at a later stage or just steal their identity . 
  american agriculture is heavily subsidized too . 
  you mean bully tactics like germoney and co did to greece . 
  `` that 's a nice idea for your own currency you got there ... shame if everyone were to speculate against it '', 
  why am i not surprised an account that looks straight out of nato stratcom europe is commenting on my humerus mockery of ukraine 's oligarch president at least my post history is n't a catch all anti russian troll like yours . 
  no wonder i triggered your spider sense when all you do is sniff out opportunity to contribute anti russian posts, 
   why though ? 
  brussels seems to be about financialization , privatization and the breaking down of the nation state , not to build an eu superstate but to simple sell off the nation states to the highest private bidder . 
  the eu seemed like a good idea just terrible implementation that not resembles more like the downfall of the soviet union where the state assets were stripped and sold to the oligarchs, 
  maybe so but i do n't think ending the eu is getting more focus from russia than the wests own plans to contain russia . 
  just like the everyone spies on everyone everyone tries to weaken everyone, 
   you see it as a privilege from outside the eu . 
  from inside the eu i see it as a right . 
  as something so fundamental to our economic and cultural relations and so fundamental to the very identity of europe and it 's citizens , that it should never , ever , be abolished . 
  sorry but if you do n't protect your rights expect someone to take them from you . 
  isis will continue to sneak in extremist 's until we either close the borders to hunt down every one . 
   with funding by putin it 's like you always have to allocate an external enemy for things to make sense . 
  putin or no putin i 'm wanting an end to the eu all on my own but if a boogeyman is what you need for it to make sense in your mind so be it, 
  proper becasue they are mostly young people , you tend to see those age groups more visibly that your pensioners, 
  yea i agree it was a necessary detail which is why i edited it , did n't want to be snarky but at the same time i 'm not going to question pew 's polling methods too in depth when most people understand how polls from respected agency 's like that are generally representative, 
   now watching this video shot in front of the theatrer was definitely not a vanilla or mild experience for me . 
  i know this place , i know these streets , i might as well been one of these young men going to a concert with my friends but ultimately dragging a possibly dead body across the street in complete panic . 
  i completely agree and sorry if i disregard how the difference in context matters too . 
  just read how the guy shooting the video form the window was shot as he took it and that really made it ring home more too ... did those people hanging outside survive and so on ? . 
  it is indeed a chilling video, 
  if you want to be pedantic i edited my post to say `` representative of '' the data the poll was based on was pretty exhaustive and not just a random 500 muslims but thousands across many states . 
  you can read more here http://www.atheoryofus.net/islam-statistics, 
  i hope they will work it out and be able to counter this together , unfortunately despite the shock i do n't believe this attack was big enough to warrant any huge change when you look at the big picture . 
  why it did n't work before is becasue russia ( even in the g8 ) always complained it was treated as a junior and unequal partner . 
  unless nato are willing to change that dynamic and let russia in on equal terms i ca n't see a shift in interests coming , as i see it war is an extension of politics by other means and it 's obvious to me the west never wanted russia to be another g8 member but wanted them to open up their economy to the point they could n't go back from . 
  sensing this dynamic would never change russia cut it 's losses and turned away from the west, 
  i can link you to a video of isis running a guy over with some tank tracks if you like .
