  i ca n't even get it from the boat from denmark anymore . 
  well i was generalizing , so you are excused ;-), 
  sweden : - no business - handshake brothers ( close male friends ) - hugs kisses only to so, 
  probably more likely to have readers in netherlands , and a more fun title than swiss uk and sweden . 
  i picked on the order of innovative countries ( as a swede ) , they missed the third one , 
  switzerland , uk and netherlands ; 1 , 2 & 4 not the top 3 exactly . 
  many small companies , sells their new innovation to any other bigger companies to press them into their products . 
  also , consultans work go to the company that is hiring and not the new consultans company . 
  oh , you have no idea . 
  the only problem we have now is that our laws is the problem , when that is sorted , then we put them in army tents . 
  in fricking scandinavian winter , really hoping for one of those winters when we have snow for 5 months . 
  i really hope they are starting to returning to southern europe . 
  for an example on what i want to point out . 
  study `` feminism '' such as `` genus '' on a 3/5-years education at college/uni . 
  these has no connection to reality with how basics economics work . 
  which you get on several other educations . 
  on a sidenote , i find it very interesting that you do n't look at the society in that way . 
  of course , south/east european countries does not work then . 
  heard reports on what kind of faulty prioritization happening in federal departments . 
  but , thats no surprise . 
  no , but i had to do an eli5 . 
  because people in sweden is allowed to study whatever spectrum they want , which increases influx of institutions with no connection to society at all . 
  well , we have all setup a few rules to follow . 
  so its up to each and everyone of you to follow those rules . 
  and by that take measures so the laws are followed . 
  hey , im born 1990 i do n't take any cred for what the stupid eu makes . 
  i 've always been against it . 
  greece / balkans / italy should demanded help on federal level with refunds or manage personel while closing the borders . 
  closed the borders , and demanded help on federal level . 
  refunds or management help . 
  probably need help with management from what i 've heard . 
  i 'm totally with this , greece/balkans/italy should had demanded help while they closed the borders . 
  and get refunds or management to handle this . 
  good , then we can haul them into a c-130 and drop them over budapest , so you can take your responsibility . 
  hungarian pm just did a little thing of what was necessary . 
  if the meditterreanan countries did what was obliged to them to do , we wouldnt be in this situation . 
  we brought this because it was not stopped by any means necessary earlier on in the stage . 
  ca n't see any other country following the dublin-agreement . 
  new books specifies that nearby troops had already set their equipment ( radio etc ) in war mode with jumping frequencies , when the soviet vessels went for the submarine , but when the swedes engaged war-mode , soviet slowed down to a imediate stop . 
  sadly , in sweden it goes by u-137 . 
  there is a couple of books made in recent years that covers both this topic but also swedens acting in the world war 2 . 
  that 's the people of same - heritage , no borders or laws for those peoples . 
  [ sovjet whiskey-class submarine stranded ashore of swedens southeast coast . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_submarine_s-363 ) archipelago of the city karlskrona . 
  also maidharbour for [ hswms carlskrona ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hswms_carlskrona_ ( p04 ) ) . 
  hey , we frightened the sovjets during the whiskey-catastrophe . 
  let them come ;-), 
  sure , but they have not hit rock bottom yet . 
  first we have all the decreased sells of all of their brands . 
  then they have to sell of some brands to rescue the others . 
  after that there is the all bailouts to states and companies . 
  so it will be some years before the values is where it should be . 
  it seems to be a pretty big concern as they wont let cyprus join unless turkey will be allowed to do . 
  they wont be a candidate to join the eu . 
  the swedish politician hanif hali , moderaterna , said it was the biggest lie towards all immigrants awaiting on the swedish doorstep . 
  glad someone makes an effort . 
  more orders for jas 39 gripen/griffin ne !!, 
  democracy ? 
  yes , you can say that , i ca n't swing all the fancy words . 
  i think i 've got a little clue how economics work , i just explained why and how the damage if oil-sheiks would use $ instead of $ . 
  the value of one dollar that has business with oil-sheik is more worth than the one dollar that does n't has business with oil-sheiks . 
  the lack of value comes from that you have n't built up any oil-storage ( on boats or in barrels ) which will be bought and sold with dollars . 
  qatar petroleum total assets was 107 billions us $ in 2011 . 
  that is a piece of us dollar that could had been in $ . 
  and by that the us economy is bigger as a whole . 
  the relative numbers is the result of the actual years absolute numbers ? 
  well , qatar ( or some other oil-sheik country ) threatend usa , to stop selling oil in $ and instead use $ , that would had made a significant turn for the us economy . 
  and a significant boost for the $ . 
  that would 've turned the tables in the importance of usa in the world . 
  eu could 've been the bigger player compared to us . 
  if a $ - country declared bankruptcy tomorrow ( for real , that could happen ) , the $ would take a turn for the worse , as in its capability/trustworty versus the $ ( and the other economies ) which would increase the stability of the dollar as a cornerstone in the global market . 
  ( price in trade between $ -  $ would be at totally different level ), 
  because that 's the only way for them to regain strength in their own economy compared to other economies . 
  they definitely wants to put pressure eu 's economies , it 's the sideeffect of their pursuance . 
  their acting on secondary level is making the countries in nearby continents unsafe and weak . 
  after nbg 's standby period , they are rotated down , earlier afghanistan , to mali . 
  current size of it , is 2.500 personel all from brigade general to normal soldiers . 
  from mechanised batallions to logistics and command-centers . 
  for some support on your side ( ukraines ) your fighting another state . 
  well , sweden is the leader of nbg , and have put together 3 bg 's this far since 2000 and been in afghanistan , mali , t'chad ( sog ) , air-support in lybia , but has not been in war for 200 years . 
  a summary of my thougths : it 's an economical matter , europe 's and russia 's economy grows if it 's peace in the middle-eastern area . 
  that 's the reason from my point of view . 
  usa 's economy grows aligned with russia and europe , but that 's not in their plans , they wants to halt , stagnate , our economy . 
  usa regains no1 , if its unstable on other continents , primary and secondary . 
  that 's enough reason to protect our economical interest . 
  russia is acting now , they are not afraid of is will make it to russia , they want their economy to recover together with their trade-partners in that region . 
  trained armed forces , allowed to make progress like the swedish troops in north-western afghanistan is highly effective , while they are there . 
  i want the troops to be aggressive , pushing is to their corners . 
  i want that as long as they are fighting is , assad is on a slippery slope to be put away with elections . 
  and in elections , rebel leader shall be heard . 
  do n't we have battlegroups for a reason ? 
  catastrophes ? 
  it 's an economical matter , europe 's and russia 's economy grows if it 's peace in the middle-eastern area . 
  that 's the reason from my point of view . 
  usa 's economy grows aligned with russia and europe , but that 's not in their plans , they wants to halt , stagnate , our economy . 
  usa regains no1 , if its unstable on other continents , primary and secondary . 
  that 's enough reason to protect our economical interest . 
  russia is acting now , they are not afraid of is will make it to russia , they want their economy to recover together with their trade-partners in that region . 
  edit : trained armed forces , allowed to make progress like the swedish troops in north-western afghanistan is highly effective , while they are there . 
  i want the troops to be aggressive , pushing is to their corners .
