you should visit romania, 
  are you vegan ? 
  when flexing them ? 
   btw my bmi is 21 , not exactly `` way too skinny '', 
  agreed . 
  i 'm 182cm and my weight was 82-83kg for years . 
  now i 'm down to 70kg , and i realised how much of a fatass i actually was . 
  the alps are my favourite place . 
  i visited the giau pass yesterday , it was incredible, 
  i meant cheap for london p. s. sono italiano ma vivo a londra, 
  right ? 
  seems cheap, 
  high quality vienna sausages / s, 
  nice broscience, 
  / s i was making fun of all the people who call everyone racist at this point, 
  you 're racist, 
  racisttttt !!!, 
  i have n't found austria to be expensive honestly , maybe just vienna ? 
   us navy holy . 
  shit . 
  nao is de taim of lanch, 
  we can not into english, 
  i get your point , i just do n't think going back to feudalism is the answer, 
  so following the same logic the london borough of chelsea should declare independence from the rest of london ? 
  good luck mate, 
  holy shit , i 'm sorry this is happening to your country . 
  what 's the general feeling in portugal ? 
  do you think things will pick up ? 
  sounds a lot like italy but even worse, 
  question : do portuguese companies have the money to pay decent salaries and just refuse to do so , or they just do n't have it ? 
  link ? 
  some people want to diversify their investments, 
  romania is much better : hot women , not so attractive men, 
  i keep seeing this on reddit and i still do n't get it, 
  because he proposed to kill them all ? 
  clean your fingernails bruh, 
  i was told the first one was n't that great but i 'll watch it , cheers, 
  are they not norwegian ? 
  i 've only seen the second one btw, 
  it 's growing much faster , there 's less reason for a young romanian than a greek to leave, 
  he does n't live in a small country or near a border, 
  he said '' ** if ** the uk leaves and continues to be successful '' . 
  nice big if . 
  what are you trying to say ? 
   relatively well off countries such as spain and greece will lose a lot less people over a longer period . 
  romania is doing much better than greece . . , 
   let 's say that you have an unique way of reasoning , in a very falling off the building while having sex way . 
  lol, 
  i have been in the usa . 
  you ca n't throw a statement like `` there is no country good enough to live in in europe '' and not explain what you 're saying, 
   australia , there is no european country enough good to live in . 
  what ? 
  as long as you own the house you live in , northern italy is one of the best places to be i think . 
  i was doing the swedish course on duolingo when creating this account , nothing more , 
   47.5 billion euros for italy , 14 billion euros for france and 24.8 billion euros for germany . 
  good god italy, 
  unfortunately for you i live in london , no free holiday in italy, 
  i do n't know how they were 15 years ago , but i was there last month and it 's appalling . 
  it takes forever to go anywhere, 
   yep , name that place please . 
  i 'm willing to sacrifice sicily for the common good, 
  when i invite 20 , 0 arrive, 
  the city of london will probably just move to the midlands, 
   hell , i love traveling across europe during my vacation without worrying about visas . 
  you would n't need visas without shenghen , just your national id or passport, 
  a bunch of people i 'll never meet lost some games !, 
  what will i do now ? 
  me and my friends and family then, 
  italy : we do n't even know there 's a rugby world cup, 
  they 're still spending money there, 
   that 's because we have a large border to protect but you only share a border with mexico !, 
  * checks google maps * holy shit that 's actually huge, 
  i was referring to the oresund bridge , by the way, 
   maybe only 1 other nation on the planet could pull that off denmark/sweden ? 
  so , france, 
   nicest people in the world i hear this about pretty much every country . 
  where are the rude people ? 
  apart from france, 
  do you get claustrophobic living in such a small island ? 
  nah , too hot, 
  has he ? 
  i 'm a bit out of the loop on italian politics , any links ? 
   if in fallout i kill a two headed cow with therefore 2 brains , is it twice as wrong as killing a normal cow ? 
  i 'll think about this tonight and report back to you edit : after careful consideration , i think it is twice as wrong because you 're causing double the suffering for the same amount of food !, 
  yes , i perfectly understand what you 're saying , although i do n't agree with your conclusions . 
  you 're saying that since the line between what 's ok to kill and what 's not is blurry , that means it 's ok to kill all except humans ? 
  i do n't agree with this . 
  at some point you `` have '' to draw a line , however arbitrary that may be . 
  [ a grain of sand ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sorites_paradox ) is n't a heap of sand , and if you add a grain of sand to it , it 's still not a heap of sand . 
  but if you keep adding grains of sand , you 're going to have a heap of sand sooner or later . 
  another example could be abortions . 
  using a condom is not the same as aborting an 8 month old fetus . 
  is a 2 week old fetus ok to abort ? 
  yes ? 
  what about 2 weeks and 1 day ? 
  in regards to eating animals , my own personal line are animals with a brain comparable to mine . 
  i do n't eat pigs , cows or chickens . 
  i kill mosquitoes when they annoy me . 
  where 's the line ? 
  i do n't know , but pigs and cows are definitely on one side of it .
