  of course if i lived in the faroe islands and had no choice but to eat whale meat , i would do it . 
  if i lived in a poor country with no other choice , i would eat beef . 
  i think anti [ speciesists ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/speciesism ) are ridiculous . 
  but living in a first world country where i have an incredible variety of alternatives at my disposal i see no reason to eat animals . 
  i hope my position is more or less clear . 
  i wrote all this only because you seem to be genuinely interested in the discussion , unlike the other guy who asked me if i had a `` problem '' . 
  i 'm not trying to antagonise you , but just have a conversation and explain my point of view . 
  sorry if this whole post is a bit incoherent , but it 's late here and i need to play the witcher 3 a bit ( where i 'm going to kill some cows for food !, 
  fuck them ), 
  i just got rekt did n't i, 
  it 's the atlantic road , it 's glorious !, 
   what 's the difference ? 
  one is a sentient being with feeling , a will to live , and capable of suffering and the other is none of those things ? 
  look , i 'm not even debating the morality of eating meat , and i 'm not comparing animals to humans . 
  but telling me that growing a carrot and raising an animal in a factory farm and killing it at a fraction of its natural lifespan are the same thing is preposterous . 
  i do n't have any `` problem '' with that , i 'm just dumbfounded whenever i hear people comparing animal slaughter to carrot harvesting or fruit picking . 
   well , why eating a carrots should n't be condemn as well ? 
  you are killing a living entity as much as you do for the beef . 
  are you serious ? 
  i thought you guys were friends, 
  ftse100 went from the all time high of 7000 to 5900 , the level of over 2 years ago , in a very short period of time . 
  i 'm not sure if 4.5 % means we 're doing much better, 
  as an italian , why the hell were you buying bertolli, 
   considering that the plane was a subsonic jet from the 1950s , it is very likely the pilot overestimated the capabilities of the plane . 
  doing a loop at such low altitude in a low powered jet seems kind of risky . 
  i doubt an experienced pilot would n't know that , especially one that was given authorisation to fly such a plane, 
  i 'm saying that if it 's `` undercooked '' you can keep cooking it , but you ca n't recover overcooked pasta . 
  obviously if a restaurants gives you stones instead of pasta that 's a different story . 
  by the way pasta al dente only true posta . 
   was your pasta under-cooked today/night italians ? 
  pasta can only be overcooked, 
  for most people it 's easier to just use a third party solution instead of hosting the data themselves, 
  you mean boot, 
  tresorit claims to do just that, 
   none of the european recommendations here offer any serious level of encryption so they 're honestly no better than the american alternatives ( except backblaze , which is american but offers full encryption ) . 
  and if you consider the fact that the pricing models of the european providers here are absurdly cheap and allow massive amounts of data , they are 100 % fingerprinting what you upload and indexing/recording your data . 
  have your read the third mini review in my op ? 
  :p tresorit is exactly what you 're saying : it 's expensive and does client side encryption, 
  well jottacloud offers * unlimited * storage for 7.5 $ . . :d i wonder when they 'd actually block your account, 
  it 's pretty popular but i 'd still consider it underrated, 
  everybody goes to smelly venice instead, 
  norwegian without a doubt , that language is incredible, 
  of course , most of the time google translates word for word . 
  we do n't call it that . 
  we call it `` regno unito '' at best , which translates to united kingdom, 
  the name just tells you that it 's a region located the northern part of island of ireland . 
  it does n't tell you that it 's a constituent country of the united kingdom . 
  by the way , i was just explaining what many uneducated people in italy know , there 's no need to be a smartass . 
  kill me please . 
  thank you , i think we all know that here . 
  in italy it 's common to think that england and the united kingdom are the same thing , and that wales and scotland are regions of england . 
  and nobody knows what northern ireland is . 
  the triple skyscraper [ here ] ( https://i.imgur.com/hq6gkt3.jpg ) is bonkers, 
  that 's exactly why i love that picture  i walk across london bridge twice a day, 
  oh dear , this is ridiculous , it looks as tall as a small skyscraper, 
  love number 12 , 
  have you actually clicked the link ? 
  what the fuck, 
  it boggles my mind that a single submarine costs # 1 billion, 
  hipsters are very much a westerner thing . 
  ever been to brighton or shoreditch ? 
  this and the sachertorte are the best desserts in the world, 
  number one would probably be brighton, 
  so not `` best country in europe '' , just your favourite and cheap ? 
   impact of climate change in the eu tourism industry revenue in ** 2100 ** ok, 
   most beautiful countries in europe i would say . 
  no disrespect , just asking , but what 's there apart from flat land and some nice towns ? 
  the norwegian fjords and the alps seem more impressive imho, 
  you say that because you never tried it . 
  go to spain , get past the initial shock , start getting used to being happy , and then tell me if still sounds horrible, 
   is this something special ? 
  yes :(, 
  i am the kid , 
  i am !, 
  thank you . 
  i 'll probably bring my family here next year , 
  hopefully that will change with time if the extra tax revenue is used for the common good and people start enjoying the benefits, 
  as an italian , i 'm proud of romania and jealous at the same time, 
  good  first they do it because they 're scared , hopefully in 10 years it will be socially frowned upon to evade taxes, 
  yeah , maybe i 'll be back next year !, 
  not in central and southern italy in bars and some mid-low level restaurants , or street vendors, 
  i 'm in brasov right now . 
  it 's awesome . 
  and i was pleasantly surprised by the fact that everyone gives you receipts for everything !, 
  the roads need some investments though . 
  that 's exactly what i was saying !, 
  i 'm sorry , what 's the difference ? 
  basically all of them except former yugoslavia , portugal , poland and belarus . 
  and the netherlands . 
  unemployment emigrated and became employment, 
  this is bad because of reasons, 
  as much as i dislike russel peters : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=83keviure9m, 
  i hope beers in belgium are really cheap, 
  needs more euro truck simulator 2, 
  fuck , i ca n't find it either . 
  i love that image, 
  context ? 
  oh god , why, 
  no you do n't, 
  the selection in slovakia will most likely be crap .
