i 'm from scotland and i 'd like to test this out , it looks pretty cool . 
  i 'm basically always on reddit and will be following the vote obsessively . 
  i 'm a yes voter . 
  i live in glasgow . 
  noo , austria is the one where everyone who enters the country gets a 4 bedroom house with a car . 
  right ? 
  ohh right , i get you now . 
  for me it 's the opposite , i could n't image controlling the wheel with my left hand . 
  yeah but the point is , who is going to stop them ? 
  damascus is relatively safe by a large margin . 
  is n't that two sides of the same coin ? 
  i meant , i think / u/finlandiavodka69 was being sarcastic . 
  he 's referring to the german story a few days ago . 
  i 'm sure anyone with money can have access to anything in russia . 
  most people will sit it out , they have no incentive to fight . 
  sure the population may be armed but that is a stone throw in the ocean compared to what the military has in both equipment , training and skills . 
  depends if it was a legal succession or not i suppose but then again which side is succeeding if a large portion splits . 
  if 70 % of america splits is the 30 % still the united states ? 
  have you any idea how big the us army is ? 
  it 'd be suicide to go up against the government on home turf . 
  would n't big business love all this cheap new labour ? 
  the border forces , truckers , citizens . 
  evidently more clued than whatever you have been fed , i incidentally live here and have been following politics in this country for a while now . 
  `` but your honour , as you see i clearly did not assault this man outside the pub as i had no weapon ! '', 
  we do n't want to rule the nation . 
  we have our own parliament where we can look after ourselves with free university and such because we vote in the right people . 
  what ? 
  i 'm not trying to play the victim card i just refute that scotland is rich through colonialism , we worked hard . 
  we worked hard through times of being poor , we had millions leave to go to canada and the usa through force but we stuck with it and built on it . 
  sure we may be rich on paper but no everyone feels it . 
  ever been to parts of glasgow ? 
  yeah , because europe has never had armed conflicts before . 
  where am i comparing ? 
  he said we all got wealthy from colonialism which is untrue , the top elite did . 
  it 's their own fault that they ca n't take control of their countries , not ours . 
  can confirm , living in my mansion like everyone in the country making a huge salary with no one using food banks , no siree !, 
  there is a documentary on the recommended of the video i showed you about life after majority black rule in africa where they are talking abou the schooling system which they had , it was about riots when they tried to teach them in a more useful language of afrikaans . 
  all the majority of land should be under governance of one body , we have seen from europe that feudalism is an inefficient system , i meant the people are not actively discriminated against . 
  so you are complaining they are getting an education to survive in a first world country ? 
  sure it may degrade their culture but people also complain when the natives are left with no clue and just left with the country and it falls to pieces . 
  would it be more or less terrible to take a child forcefully from an substandard way of living to give a better life ? 
  this is fundamentally wrong , they were educated in separate schools due to segregation . 
  in rhodesia every black person was made sure that they did n't go without medical assistance . 
  can you say the same about zimbabwe now ? 
  you can have a look here on what it was like pre-majority black rule . 
  should n't that be a warning about the current wave of immigration then if that is how it went last time ? 
  in america , many died from disease and food shortages and same with australia where disease had killed off what little number of tasmanians there was before they went extinct . 
  with new zealand there was n't a push for displacing and killing off and the natives were always seen as equals and are integrated in nz society . 
  however the ones that were displaced have a much better standard of living pre-colonalism . 
  iirc in canada they have their own reserves with their own laws and many other benefits , arguably the biggest of which is the first world infrastructure they get to use . 
  in the eu your original country pays your bill , so in this case the nhs foots the bill . 
  but what about the fast automation of industry ? 
  to be fair it is a legitimate concern , if you build a house with electricity and people ask for the electricity without doing it themselves it is unfair , there is only so much before you ca n't keep the lights on . 
  probably scottish gaelic it sounds like elvish . 
  yeah , i could n't make head or tails of the second one without the punctuation . 
  no one would ever say something like that but it is a nice word avalanche . 
  some others are ; - forward , forward four-word foreword for word . 
  - will reed 's will will read : `` will reed will read will reed 's will '' - `` five high high-fiving five guys guys '' - an ass ass in an assassin and a sassin ' ann assessin ' an assassin 's ass session as soon as anise is in season . 
  - `` we 're wary where wear wearers wear werewolf wear . '', 
  `` were we wary where werewolf wear wearers wear wear ? '', 
  `` we were werewolf-wear-wearer-aware . '', 
  etc check out / r/wordavalanches /, 
  now , now , it 's a bit of a push to consider the french humans but i 'll let it pass . 
  it has freedom of movement for an eu country ? 
  it 's just the non-eu we want to keep out ... grumble grumble, 
  what do germans call '' & '' ? 
  no it was n't . 
  the protest was to be unbiased , i did n't see one sign that said to be pro-independent . 
  what do you mean `` journalistic freedom '' ? 
  does n't that come into conflict with them being unbiased anyway ? 
  you ca n't have your cake and eat it . 
  forcing them to be unbiased ? 
  that 's what they are meant to be . 
  ahh , to be fair your statement would n't surprise me as something serious that you 'd find in / r/europe , haha . 
  should german pay as much as say portugal ? 
  assuming they are refugees that is . 
  what makes being a human being so special ? 
  there are 7 billion of us , we come a dime a dozen . 
  that 's actually quite offensive ... 
  how does soooo and so compare in ukrainian ? 
  american english is exactly the same as british english with the exception of the spelling of a few words . 
  yeah , let 's just chuck them all into the vast open highlands or lake district without food or shelter ... / s, 
  nooo , we actually have a chance to win in the common wealth games without america . 
  i wonder why . 
  i 'm sure some small country in africa would be delighted to have them dropped of for some money . 
  hurm , i 've never seen a native make that mistake . 
  usually i think of ` a ' as one . 
  a cat , one cat - i am taking a dress , i am taking one dress and ` the ' as being a substitute for ` that object instead of a general object ' , any cat , the cat - i took any dress , i took the dress . 
  usually natives are terrible with your/you 're , were/where , affect/effect . 
  source ? 
  why was n't it the case for the netherlands ? 
  vested interests by the big parties and since they are in power they wo n't change it . 
  i was on the train a few days ago and people were talking dutch just in earshot and i could have sworn they were talking english and my brain was freaking out that it could n't understand . 
  it was a weird experience , it 's how i imagine english would sound to those who do n't speak it . 
  usually foreign speakers get drilled in these rules like your and you 're , their , they 're , etc where we tend to just kind of roll with it because we understand what you mean instinctively . 
  like i do n't think a native speaker has ever stopped and not been able to understand a sentence because effect and affect have been mixed up . 
  because scotland is a high percentage of whites . 
  you do n't see immigrants flocking to kilmarnock or inverness . 
  they go to london . 
  it 's usually a combination of necessity , usually a lot of people speak english so schools in anglo countries do n't have a pressure to speak any other language .
