there are some documentaries on youtube ... one bbc one , scary . 
  some awfully young people dying of drink . 
  just try to be careful ok ? 
  wait , you become a little black spider with a red hourglass on its underneath ? 
  keep your eye on ama and such parts of reddit , someone will bring up the subject of home invasions etc and then the white south africans come out of the woodwork and it gets very dark very fast . 
  there are parts of the us that are decent , and parts that are really bad like oakland and new orleans . 
  ... `` you might just have a drinking problem '' - jeff foxworthy voice . 
  there are a lot of cities that look that pretty at night but have a lot of crime . 
  thanks for clearing that up ... tho ' it would be nice if they could , all the idiot libertarians would head there and we 've have 'em out of our hair . 
  it was their yob , man . 
  geez , this happened in england ? 
  i 've just heard it here and there . 
  independence from the roman empire maybe ? 
  how do you get mugged by a taxi driver ? 
  well , my understanding is the crime rate is off the chart , jobs are going or have gone away , farms are being given to blacks who are political cronies and do n't know how to run them , and whites , even whites who would really rather stay and take part in the new south africa , are leaving in fear for their lives . 
  apparently texas can secede , they got that as part of the bargain when they became a state . 
  considering the kind of presidents that come out of there , i doubt they 'd be missed . 
  whites are disliked by pretty much everyone there . 
  it 's taught in the schools . 
  it 's promoted like crazy . 
  just the stupidest shit happens all the time , you ca n't get most good jobs , you ca n't live a lot of places , you go to register your car , i have a very `` white '' last name , that car reg . 
  will take 2 + months . 
  i jay-walk with a large group of people , i 'm the only white , i get ticketed . 
  i go to the post office to get a postal money order ( did n't have a bank account yet , i was barely 18 ) and the guy at the post office , non-white , gives me shit for wanting a postal money order . 
  non-whites own all the stores , the apartment buildings , they own and run everything . 
  they 're the school teachers , the bus drivers , the cops , all the good jobs . 
  i worked at an animal hospital , washing dogs and cats and mopping floors and cleaning up shit , because that 's the only kind of job that 's considered proper for a white , other than dealing drugs , being a waiter/waitress in the tourist area ( waikiki ) because japanese tourists like having whites wait on them , or being a prostitute , burglar , something like that . 
  there * are * white teachers there now - in special education because that 's considered a `` shameful '' job . 
  it 's a lot more civilized than how things are going there now . 
  just did - what a weirdo . 
  it was probably kids playing . 
  we used to build some weird shit . 
  you seem to get it . 
  mostly , what the `` pointy haired boss '' at work wants is obedience , and they 'll value a worker who 'd right tip-top on time over one who 's productive . 
  so they 'll hire a mess of cambodians who will never-ever complain , and it 's a real disruption when i got to that shop , because being white , i * knew * i had to turn out more work than anyone to keep my job at all . 
  ( thinking back , i should have conspired with my viet and cambodian co-workers to keep things nice and slow ) and they 'd hired me because they knew i could turn out a lot of work and they were behind . 
  this is why we need things like unions , free and open discussion of what everyone 's making , maybe official levels of pay like the government has , you 're gs-this or gs-that . 
  i do n't even pretend to understand what 's the deal with ireland . 
  i know next to nothing about the place . 
  what we hear about in the states , car bombs and all that , well , that 's certainly terrorism is n't it ? 
  i recently found i 'm part irish , if you know what `` black irish '' is , olive-skinned , that 's me . 
  not all irish , my dad was painfully wasp , it 's on my mom 's side . 
  but i will not plague your fine green land , thanks . 
  frankly i can live just fine without the music , steak 'n' kidney pie is rather disgusting , and the language is just plain wierd . 
  and i ca n't even pretend to understand `` the troubles '' about all i know is it was called `` the troubles '' and before that , there was a potato famine which probably is what brought my mom 's folks here and wherein the british treated the irish like utter shit , where utter shit means literally starved bodies in the street . 
  now on dad 's side , they trace their roots back to england but got here to the us a lot earlier , so that some of 'em are in something called the dar , or daughters of the american revolution , and if you fought in that , you * were * a terrorist , just ask the british army of the time . 
  using rifles with veritable rifling in the bore , hiding behind trees , you name it . 
  i 'm glad you said it so i did n't have to . 
  they 've exchanged some humiliation for what 's essentially a civilizational collapse . 
  way to go . 
  china is over 90 % han . 
  taiwan is 98 % han . 
  it 's all about being han . 
  until you get mugged lol . 
  except some people from the iberian peninsula got up into ireland somehow , and this , according to science , is why i 'm a bit tan . 
  about south africa : yeah things are going just dandy now . 
  that sounds like the us where you have to put your race on everything , job applications , driver 's license ( it used to be on the front , now i think it 's still there on that barcode thing ) even things like auto insurance forms , of course college admissions forms - whites have to be given the short end of the stick there - and just on the most oddball forms , there 's that box , fill in your race . 
  and that 's the world i grew up in . 
  always having to have eyes on the back of your head , it 's not fun . 
  and lately the anti-white sentiment has grown quite a bit , probably in no small part due to how bad the economy is these days . 
  it 's agreed that if you are white , and want to move to hawaii then fine , but it 's cruel to raise children there . 
  haha so i 'm a communist because i do n't believe it 's all my fault for being paid $ 5 less for doing more and better work ? 
  well , i 'm flattered , but really i consider myself more of a socialist . 
  oops forgot this is the age of the machine gun ; history is written by the vickers . 
  one man 's freedom fighter is another man 's terrorist . 
  actually , the first nations people did use terrorist tactics at times , there was actually a movement among them to kill all the invading whites in the midwest area and they slaughtered quite a few families . 
  in the end the white invasion was just too large , and that movement got put down . 
  this is a subject you basically ca n't talk about these days without getting into some kind of trouble no matter what your position on it . 
  how can i grow up in a place where i go to the same schools , eat the same foods , ride the same buses , speak the same street patois , learn the same superstitions and beliefs , with a people but because they are not `` my '' people , although `` my '' people are a very small portion of the working-age population , the only ones who ever lifted a finger to hire me or help me are `` my '' people ? 
  these days there is no right answer . 
  we can look back and think about how awful it was how the first nations americans got treated , but keep in mind , much of their warfare involved tactics like waiting until the men-folk were out hunting and then coming in and killing the women and children . 
  they fought each other that way and they fought the whites that way . 
  so it looks awful and one-sided looking back from now , but what about if you lived then ? 
  what if your brothers and sisters and mother had been slaughtered and you only made it because you hid in an underground `` fort '' you 'd made for yourself for fun , that the typical homestead did n't have , so the first nations warriors did n't know to look for you ? 
  ( this is a true incident . ), 
  when you grow up and are of an age to join the us cavalry , what do you think you might feel like doing ? 
  join up , probably . 
  i was watching a thing on youtube about israel . 
  about the west bank settlers actually . 
  it was about a few different families , how they were doing , etc. 
  one lady was living alone because her husband , a rabbi , had been killed in his bed . 
  a terrorist had come in through the window and hacked the guy to pieces . 
  a rabbi , a peaceful , educated man . 
  how do you think this lady , his widow , feels ? 
  but if you ask the `` palestinians '' they are just defending themselves , by killing people in their beds . 
  it 's almost an `` irresistible force meets immovable object '' problem . 
  you are ok with me until you try to kill me and mine . 
  it 's really more about class than race in the us but race is a very strong factor not only in the us but , it seems , everywhere . 
  joshua goldberg lol !, 
  an indicator is any name with `` 88 '' in it is quite likely of that ilk . 
  i know more than i wish i did about this ; i escaped hawaii in the mid-90s and riding my motocrycle around , learned of `` skinheads '' around huntington beach . 
  `` cool , '' i thought , `` some fellow whites with balls '' . 
  but they were mainly about fighting each other , i believe it was the ones with black boots vs the ones with red boots . 
  and in my book it ought to be something like making eagle scout , helping out the poor and downtrodden and helping little old ladies cross the street and such , not fighting each other . 
  the winners get to write history . 
  there 's an interesting movie called `` trumpets republic '' about the trumpet/brass playing culture of serbia and the big trumpet festival they have each year , but incidentally you see some real poverty . 
  some white people are really scrabbling for a living , we do n't all have gold bars stacked under our beds . 
  no , why would it ? 
  let 's just say i harbor all the tender feelings for them that the average israeli does for hamas or daesh . 
  i understand their side of things , i escaped their lousy state i grew up in and am in california where i was born ( why my parents decided to move us to hawaii when i was 5 is beyond me .
