update : [ airport suspect still on loose ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/brussels-attacks-live-updates-airport-suspect-is-isis-chief-bomb-maker-a6947476.html ), 
  but estonian airlines is under lufthansa no ? 
  funny you mention that . 
  i was chatting with some italian and spanish expats in bratislava and it was incredibly funny to hear : we come here to work because you took our jobs !, 
  bratislava region is very rich , actually . 
  due to it 's proximity to vienna you can see lots of money reaching the capital of slovakia , as well . 
  also , there 's lots of things happening in bratislava  what bothers me is uk - with a huge difference between london and the rest of the country . 
  i surely hope the brexit wo n't affect this at all !, 
  12 points to gryffindor !, 
  raiffeisen has this ridiculous 10 % exchange rate : get out 37 euros , pay 41 . 
  true !, 
  do you also have it in swiss ? 
  it 's even more nice if the girl has big tits . 
  i love those !, 
  visited some shops in vienna selling them . 
  they 're super high priced , though  . 
  the jacke looks great, 
  you 're on reddit so technically you 're not :d, 
  does n't mean the news is not true . 
  let me tell you a little story , my friend . 
  romania had 0 absorption of eu funds this quarter . 
  and this is not an isolated case , romania 's absorption of eu funds is very very low , but still pays to stay in the single market . 
  so * theoretically * romania benefits from eu funds , but practically people do n't access them due to many factors : crazy bureaucracy , corruption around eu money ( i.e. 
  you only get it if you know someone ) , and also it 's inherently lower than germany 's absorption of eu funds due to many factors ( for example education : there simply are n't people to start interesting companies and access eu funds ) . 
  the brain drain in my country is huge ( as i 'm writing this from my comfy flat in vienna , thinking of starting a startup in austria ) . 
  there are other countries benefiting from the eu funds . 
  czech and hungary get a lot of money for building highways and infrastructure . 
  just to give you a simple example of how much romania fails at using eu funds : there 's a huge project of an underground passage in bucharest which was going to be built partly with city hall funds and partly with eu funds ( 20 mil euros coming from the eu ) . 
  now , the city hall missed the deadline ( 31st of dec 2015 ) so they need to give the eu money back . 
  same with one highway project which went bad and now the country needs to give back ... 700 mil euros to the eu ? 
  vienna - capital of radical racism ? 
  yeah sure , has a huge turkish community with arab studies at perfektastrasse and neue donau i think also ? 
  we are soooo racist over here guys . 
  if you go to neubaugasse ubahn stop there 's this somali place where you can talk and get in contact with somali people coming to austria . 
  recruiters ? 
  do they have an hr department ? 
  i live in vienna for 1 year :d meidling ftw !, 
  trump approves !, 
  not related : i love your flair !, 
  ** our ** little austria ? 
  who needs experts ? 
  i 'm sick of experts telling us what to do !, 
  i got a massive cringe from reading this . 
  well done !, 
  the link you posted is some bitcoin youtube video , check it out !, 
  `` bitcoin - the end of money as we know it '', 
  the link you posted contains something about bitcoin , nothing about nixon lol, 
  nixon thought bitcoin will be temporary ? 
  wow !, 
  what a moron !, 
  i really wonder how the corporate hq of t\u00fcrkis looks like !? 
  hahaha . 
  i think it 's in the big restaurant at reumannplatz , no ? 
  which kebab chain ? 
  turkis ? 
  i thought it 's owned by some austrian guy now . 
  i actually lived right at reumannplatz and it felt like that , lol . 
  but i had a turkish market next to me and i loved the place !, 
  i moved out cuz the owner needed the flat for himself again . 
  yes , and also lots of romanians go to turkey for vacation, 
  nope  just something nice to read during these terrible times !, 
  haha thanks man , 
  if you go to ottakring you 're basically in serbia !, 
  it 's awesome !, 
  mai intrebi ? 
  better quality of service, 
  yep !, 
  the media in austria is doing the turkish community no good . 
  do you think erste will come back ? 
  what do you mean exactly ? 
  +1 for everyman, 
  independence day, 
  so , erste and reiffeisen coming to a place near you in kiev now ? 
  it 's not meant to work on mobile . 
  what you need is an apple ii computer . 
  that 's what everyone uses around here . 
  haha , true !, 
  the new mobile apps and desktop websites of the \u00d6bb are annoying . 
  but in the end we do talk about mobile apps . 
  can you imagine that shit going mobile ? 
  bit more context here : the romanian railways company is indeed the cradle of innovation for romanian railway logistics . 
  this is the main station of bucharest ( bucuresti nord ) . 
  the arrival/departures board has a webcam directed at it which in the end translates to this horrific flash plugin which refreshes every 60 seconds or so with a new printscreen made by the webcam . 
  but hey , it ai n't stupid if it works !, 
  honestly i love the wu the most , 
  like the whole canary wharf ? 
  i did n't follow the elections in italy that much . 
  what 's wrong with them ? 
  why ? 
  what do you have against the new establishment ? 
  wish this happened in bucharest as well . 
  sadly , the classic politicians still won there even though we had this really bright mathematician going for the mayor 's seat as well . 
  i 'm an engineer in vienna !, 
  also taking home around 2k after tax 14 times per year . 
  where do you work dude ? 
  pm me !, 
  true , but it should n't disappear from the news until it gets solved !, 
  i think it 's important for rest of europe to know about this , as well !, 
  article here : until a month ago dan condrea was , to all appearances , a successful romanian businessman . 
  his company , hexi pharma , made a healthy income supplying disinfectant to romanian hospitals .
