  parliament was soverign over the king . 
  this precedent was set after the english civil war . 
  and since parliament invited him in , i do n't think you can call it an invasion . 
  \\ #medway 1667neverforget . 
  i agree 100 % . 
  these people are the absolute dregs of society . 
  the mob shouts with one big mouth and eats with a thousand little ones . 
  no one 's even asked for my views but you 've all quite decided i 'm an extremist . 
  i do n't get it . 
  being pro eu does n't make you a leftist . 
  how would you consider it `` far left '' ? 
  lol . 
  e / if anyone was wondering why i responded the way i did , it 's because i 've never been accused of being a political extremist before . 
  my views are pretty much textbook moderate , so i dispair to think what the `` new '' moderate has become if my views are now extreme . 
  it 's more that the level of discourse on / r/europes is much better than over here . 
  for example all i mentioned was that it was similar to here 3-4 years ago , and you had a massive go at me saying `` i 'm glad you 're gone '' . 
  i mean why the aggressiveness ? 
  it 's just unnecessary . 
  it 's exactly how / r/europe was 3-4 years ago . 
  do you only speak in hyperbole ? 
  alright so we 're 3 comments in and you 're already calling me a `` heartless brute '' . 
  i do n't think i 'm gon na continue this conversation . 
   how has the refugee crisis affected your daily life ? 
  that 's from the description . 
  that heavily implies op means personal experience . 
   do you have any personal stories ? 
  i think we all know the answer to this question . 
  it 's good to see the refugees are adapting to irish culture well then . 
  basically celebrities . 
  these are all things you read about in the media . 
  op asked what your personal experiences are . 
  how did you know they were refugees ? 
  lebanon 's not such a bad place . 
  no need to be rude to other countries . 
  as a rule of thumb you should n't trust the media to base your views on . 
  had to move over to / r/europes because this sub became unusable . 
  other than that , nothing . 
  yes , even people who are in favour of it think it was handled badly . 
  i think that 's one thing both sides can agree on . 
  exactly , it 's such a minor thing for a vast amount of fdi . 
  i do n't know why people on this sub make such a big deal about it . 
   hassan rouhani visited the capitoline museums with premier matteo renzi , having signed contracts worth up to $ 17 billion ( $ 18.4 billion ) on monday . 
  eh , it 's small price to pay for some fdi . 
  it 's not like the italian economy is in a position to pick-and-choose with this sort of thing . 
  no need to be rude mate . 
  paywalls are a natural consequence of ad-blockers . 
  media outlets need a way to generate ad revenue , at the end of the day . 
  let 's be honest , the american war of independence was basically just british people vs british people . 
   alexander the great and julius caesar 's atrocities are trivial compared with those of the british and the nazis . 
  i bet as a percentage of world population there 's not much between them . 
  julius caesar commited genocide in gaul and threw rome into civil war , hundreds of thousands of people died because this man existed . 
  exactly the same for alexander , whole generations of people were killed because of his vain quest for glory . 
   would be very embarrassed . 
  very red-faced indeed . 
  the ellen poa drama started after the firing of victoria , inwhich the moderators of several subreddits went on strike to protest against how admins were treating mods . 
  admins promised new features to stop the mods striking and ... voil\u00e0 . 
  tldr ; they 're closely linked . 
  i 'll take your word on it , since i do n't really understand what that paper says . 
  however , i would like to draw your attention to this [ reuters article from october ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-weather-braun-iduskcn0se24t20151020 ) :  even though connections between el ni\u00f1o and winter in europe are loose , the strength of this year 's event may work in europe 's favor . 
  with a near-record el ni\u00f1o already in progress , there are only two other years that compare in strength to tack back to , 1982/83 and 1997/98 . 
   in examining several of the past `` standard-strength '' el ni\u00f1o winters , jet stream activity was rather weak directly over the european continent , allowing cold , dry siberian air to sink down into eastern europe , particularly the balkans , ukraine and western russia . 
  these winters were a degree or two colder than normal in these areas but were generally normal elsewhere . 
   during the winters of 1983 and 1998 , the active jet stream was positioned over europe and took on a westerly to southwesterly direction , transporting warmer , wetter air towards the continent . 
  as such , much of europe and western russia was warmer than normal . 
  further , european winter crops harvested in 1998 yielded much better than average . 
   with only two analogue years , it is almost impossible to tell whether the warmer 1983 and 1998 winters were purely coincidental , or whether the extraordinarily warm tropical pacific waters influenced this atmospheric set-up over europe . 
  but if the nao and ao trend positive this winter in addition to the massive el ni\u00f1o , the odds for a mild winter across europe multiply considerably . 
  source ? 
  it effects weather [ all around the world ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/environment/2015/dec/27/uk-floods-and-extreme-global-weather-linked-to-el-nino-and-climate-change ) . 
  i believe it 's due to el ni\u00f1o . 
  i think i saw that movie . 
  they 're alright as long as the article 's not about russia . 
  mad gains, 
  there 's literally nothing in the bible about celebrating christmas so of course there 's going to be different traditions . 
  i 'm just giving you my perspective . 
  at least in my country , even for christian people it 's not wholly a `` religious '' holiday . 
  there 's religious elements , but really it 's a chance to give presents and have a merry time . 
  because very few people celebrate christmas as a religious holiday . 
  even back in the day it was basically a celebration of making it halfway through winter . 
  it was [ actually banned in ] ( http://www.olivercromwell.org/faqs4.htm ) my country for a number of years for these reasons . 
  christmas as it is today is basically a pagan festival . 
  but as an ideology it still exists , which was my original point . 
  and i really do n't think cointelpro is something ukraine should aspire to . 
  we 're they , really ? 
  there are still communists in the united states . 
  i do n't believe stifling an ideology has ever led to its iradication . 
  lol have you even been on this sub in the last couple of weeks ? 
  shitting on islamic immigrants is like its bread and butter . 
  you 're a strange fellow . 
  same in the uk . 
  romanians are basically [ painted to be criminals ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2963368/romanians-eight-times-likely-jailed-britons.html ) in the uk press . 
  ayy bbe you know you 'd miss us, 
  your argument implies that migrants only started coming in great numbers when merkel made her speech . 
  [ but in reality hundreds of thousands have been coming since 2014 . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_migrant_crisis#statistics ) 250,00 arrived in the first 6 months of 2015 alone . 
  so clearly the issue goes beyond `` they came here because angela merkel welcomed them . '', 
   they never wanted to go to hungary in the first place . 
  of course not , they wanted to go to germany . 
  but germany could have easily turned them away or closed their borders ( like many other european countries did ) , and they would have been stuck in limbo . 
  merkel 's decision not to do that stopped a humanitarian crisis .
