not necessarily , there 's still plenty of american `` savoir vivre '' , only it 's different than european - always smile , ask about family , show patriotism ( well , pro-us , do n't show patriotism if you 're not american ) , show off your car , drop brand names you use . 
  well , my university building was one of the oldest in warsaw ... because it completed in 1948 and only renovated a couple of times . 
  i do n't understand how 15 yo polish guy can hate russia , especially that they have free healthcare and university thanks to soviet union, 
  so what else 's new ? 
   the 9 billion euros were just to show that its not like only germany benefits of the euro , if you look for example at west poland , i would say they have improved immensly , thanks in part to all the money that gets send there for improvement of infrastructure etc. 
  poland 's not in the eurozone and all the previous governments built that too . 
  and of course eastern europe is not europe . 
  i 'm not sure when this was recorded but there 's a war in europe right now . 
  he wants to have his cake and eat it too . 
   i have never met a single person who uses that type of phrase and uses it to mean their citizenship citizenship , ethnicity , nationality are all different things . 
  in america a ` nation ' is a state , in europe it 's an ` ethnic group ' . 
  when you say i 'm irish you do n't mean ** anything ** . 
  you do n't claim connection with the irish people , their language and culture - you simply say that one of your ancestors was irish . 
  guess what , all my ancestors were polish !, 
   why should i not be allowed to consider myself a part of that history ? 
  3 out of 30 of my family generations have been outside germany and i 'm suddenly no longer of german ethnicity ( not that it really means anything ) ? 
  did my ancestors not fight the romans next to yours ? 
  fight in the great war next to yours ? 
  if an american came to me and say `` i 'm polish '' , i 'd smack him hard . 
  you 're not polish , you 're contributing nothing to poland 's growth , your ancestors betrayed this country by fleeing , probably in the hour of need . 
   national governments should compete between each other with better laws or taxes son , the government is not the same as business . 
  when a new right-wing government wins democratic elections completely legally , prepares new laws to protect their citizens suddenly all europe is like `` hurr , durr , evil nazis '' . 
  but when the left-wing dictatorship actually falsifies elections , rules poland for 40 years , shoots workers and murders catholic priests , the so enlightened europe does nothing . 
  where 've you been in 81 , / u/ajuc ? 
  highest assembly lol european parliament is worthless , it ca n't even propose new laws . 
  it is a forum for representatives and as such it must allow freedom of expression . 
  yanks go home !, 
  death to nato occupants . 
  barely , the eu does n't want it to happen . 
   so fuck of you racist cunt and try to keep poland from becoming a fascist authoritarian half-dictature . 
  why do you think poland is becoming this ? 
   i was afraid you would bring that argument up . 
  in my understanding , people who adapt the language and culture of a nation are also a part of this nation . 
  what made the jews different from the rest , except for the religion ? 
   the very fact they did n't . 
  isaac singer , a great jewish writer had said `` polish was as alien as chinese to me '' , despite his family having lived in poland for centuries . 
  poland is a catholic country . 
   the jews that died in the warsow ghetto were mostly polish people , so i think it is kinda obvious that this apology was mainly directed towards the polish victims . 
  jews were n't polish , they were polish citizens , but they were never part of the polish nation . 
  the ` victims ' were mostly dead or have emigrated to israel . 
   and besides that , signing the treaty of warsaw was also a way to apologize to poland . 
  just giving up a huge part of former german territory was a really big thing back then . 
  the former german territory was given back to poland by the soviets . 
  why do you think he would n't want to argue with the greatest world power at the time ? 
   brandt `` just '' apologized for the polish victims with that move then why did he kneel in front of the jewish monument ? 
  what did he do to apologise to poland ? 
  they have n't apologized for wwii 2 . 
  they still try to control europe via banks and media 3 . 
  they have no respect for the weaker nations . 
  in general they should never have been permitted to reunify . 
  how is saying `` everybody is a rapist '' not pro-rape ? 
  also fun fact - if the other person says `` no '' or does not say `` yes '' , and you go with it , it 's a rape . 
  does this sound nazi to you ? 
  sure thing , ahmed . 
  nevertheless they exist , and they consistently portray polish people like idiots , not unlike nsdap propaganda or the american jokes . 
  there are plenty of examples of europeans mocking poland , from the german stereotypes of car thieves or `` polnishe wirtshaft '' to polandball memes . 
  poland has always been the laughinstock of more `` enlightened '' nations and pis is fighting back to change that image . 
   pis is going to have a field day with this since it 's founding principles are based on anti - communism quite an easy feat in 2010s , especially when you redefine `` communism '' as `` everything kaczynski does n't like '', 
   any journalists forbidden to work ? 
  some of them have already been fired ; not even sure what do you mean by ` forbidden to work ' , but pis had in 2005 the project of lustration which would indeed forbid many people to work as journalists . 
   yeah , but germany started 2 huge wars was gavrilo princip german ? 
  that 's a typical german name ... 
  why do you think so ? 
  both eu and ussr called themselves democratic after all ... 
  yet the germans were comfortable judging millions of jews and poles . 
  i think you 're not entirely objective here . 
  not by all poles . 
   the eu 's first reason to exist is to prevent that this bs will happen again . 
  that poles are now comparing the eu with the third reich has some special character to it . 
  that was the exact argument on why poland must remain in the soviet sphere of influence . 
   european ( ruling ) left cdu is left now ? 
   the fascist extreme far right in poland which just gained power has no right to lecture present-day germany on nazism . 
   they are not extreme far right , i can name at least 3 parties even more right then they are , and one of them ( kukiz ) is in the parliament . 
  they have also gained power in a democratic election and unlike the previous , pro-german government they are n't shooting polish people . 
   that 's horrifying , but these germans are n't those germans . 
  they inherit the guilt . 
   those germans were tried , convicted and executed depending on their crimes . 
  no , they were n't . 
  that would be an entire generation of males . 
  they built and supported that criminal system . 
   their country was broken in half for half a century and one of those halves had to deal with soviet hard rule . 
  poor east germany , the highest standard of living in the whole eastern bloc . 
  in the meanwhile , the first ally to fight them , was prone to systemic looting and high contributions to stalin 's ussr . 
   today 's germans have n't wronged you in any significant way what is nordstream ? 
  what is charter of fundamental rights ? 
  who controlled donald tusk ? 
  who controls 80 % of media in poland ? 
   not any more than they have other countries or other countries have wronged them . 
  how is germany controlling france , for instance ? 
   imagine the criticism they 'd be subjected to if they were mentioning the russian raping of german women every other week , for instance . 
  imagine the criticism they 'd be subjected to if they were presenting the poles as idiots ... oh wait , they already do in their hilarious comedy shows or memes like polandball . 
   i will stand with germany every single time in cases like these . 
  where do you live if i may ask ? 
   excuse me ? 
  did you see any german tanks rolling through warsaw ? 
  did n't think so . 
   i 've seen nato tanks in my home town some months ago . 
  how are bikes or vegetarianism multi-culti ? 
  so you 're being an idiot for not understanding what waszczykowski said . 
  could you explain it with your own words ?
