  what matters is those who have a realistic shot to power . 
  and what we have seen from them is that they are both nationalist and islamist . 
   anyway , the ultra-nationalists have only recently disappeared from turkish politics due to the main nationalist party being so shite . 
  this still does n't change the fact that nationalists are usually secular . 
  erdo\u011fan is more of a `` patriot '' rather than a nationalist ( at least that 's what people think ) as he does n't focus on an ethnic identity usually . 
  no they are n't . 
  most nationalists are islamist as well . 
  the only difference is they are * less * islamist , but still islamist as well . 
  please open a book yourself , or no sorry you can not because any book exposing turkey 's nationalist-islamism will be banned and journalists will be jailed . 
  nationalism and islamism are n't opposing ideologies , and definitely not in turkey . 
  erdogan , who is an ideological member of the mb , would n't be the sole superruller if he was n't able to attract nationalist votes . 
  maybe in your eyes only an atheist racist is a nationalist , but the concept of nationalist islamism is a real thing . 
  the ideological sisterparties of the akp , like hamas , is one too . 
  they are nationalists . 
  stop fooling uninformed europeans . 
  so-called nationalists in your country are as islamist as can be . 
  just because they have a mix with islam doesnt mean they can not be nationalist . 
  barbarians in our eyes , yes . 
  in their eyes , it is part of ` jihad ' and the fight against non-muslims . 
  i hope this is also a lesson for everybody at this sub and outside this sub , who keep getting fooled by turkish apologists telling us about how their nationalist movements inside our countries keep islamism out . 
  turkish ultra-nationalist movements are islamist as well , and the best manifestation of that is the akp . 
  some uninformed people might think that akp is only a pan-islamic party but it is very nationalistic as well . 
  there is a reason why many mhp the so called nationalist party 's voters , have gone to akp . 
   so why i have shared this ? 
  as a turkish guy i 'm broken because i 'm always seen as `` killing kurds '' in this sub ( no matter what ) and pkk is seen as `` good kurdish people who are defending themself against turks '' so let 's say that pkk is n't the one defending kurds . 
  then , who is ? 
  we certainly know turkey is n't defending kurds :  people expressing dissent , especially in relation to the kurdish issue , were subjected to threats of violence and criminal prosecution . 
  internet censorship increased . 
  at least 375 ngos , including women 's rights groups , lawyers ' associations and humanitarian organizations , were shut by executive decree in november . 
  https://www.amnesty.org/en/countries/europe-and-central-asia/turkey/report-turkey/  in august , police closed the offices of the main kurdish daily \u00d6zg\u00fcr g\u00fcndem on the basis of a court order for its closure due to ongoing terrorism investigations , a sanction not provided for in law . 
  two editors and two journalists were detained pending trial and prosecuted for terrorism offences . 
  three were released in december while editor \u0130nan k\u0131z\u0131kaya remained in detention .3 in october under an executive decree , \u00d6zg\u00fcr g\u00fcndem was permanently closed down along with all the major kurdish-orientated national media . 
   no progress was made in investigations into the deaths of some 130 people who died while sheltering from clashes in three basements during the curfew in cizre in february . 
  the authorities alleged that access for ambulances was blocked by the pkk when local sources reported that people in the basements were injured and needed emergency medical care , and died of their injuries or were killed when security forces stormed the buildings . 
   the authorities failed to make progress in investigation of the november 2015 killing of tahir elci , head of the diyarbakir bar association and a prominent human rights defender . 
  it was hampered by an incomplete crime scene investigation and missing cctv footage . 
  this is the state of turkey and its relation to the kurdish minority . 
  if pkk is not defending kurds , then turks definitely are not defending kurds . 
  i will leave the other things out like [ the un accusing turkey of committing warcrimes against kurds ] ( https://www.rte.ie/news/2017/0310/858648-un-turkey/ ) . 
  you keep your head in the sand . 
  they are destroying evolution in the education , the basis of all biology and you are telling me that secularism is not effected . 
  it 's more like she was forced to support it considering how turks wanted to behead and rape her . 
  when you constantly antagonize and threaten someone , naturally they are going to root for the other side . 
  great blog . 
  imma check that thing out in the future . 
  disgusting how they ignored the dutch vote once again . 
  same with the referendum about an european constitution . 
  yeah i 'm also glad they dropped it . 
  issues like the eu are too big for one vote . 
  with that being said , d66 is a pragmatist party anyways . 
  i 'm glad they understand that nl needs leaders not idealists . 
  i 'm glad that d66 has not disappointed me . 
  before the elections i was worried that they would also be demanding ridiculous things like an unctrolled amount of increase in migrants ( like groenlinks does ) but they seem to rely on pragmatic assumptions . 
  for those who are not fully knowledgable on dutch elections , none of these 4 parties wants to deny migrants completely . 
  it 's just that vvd , d66 & cda realize that an uncontrolled flow of migrants ( which klaver/groenlinks demands ) is not sustainable for ourselves but also not for the migrants . 
  apparently vvd & cda even made concessions and proposed to allow more migrants than they initially wanted to appease groenlinks , but gl did not accept that and demanded an uncontrolled amount of migrants . 
  yeah even the vvd has pro-green policies and cda is not on the same level of anti-green as for example trump is . 
  for cda it 's just important to give them something in return . 
  basically groenlinks is just very left with short-term green policies . 
  that 's not a breaking point for them and it is part of their roots but not so much anymore part of their current course . 
  they even dropped the pro-referendum thing mostly , since the brexit and ukraine referendum . 
  just like turks discovered america , right ? 
  considering that bosnia and albania are basically turkish puppets by this point , i do not think this goes up . 
  it 's a shame they are intimidating the visegrad four over demographic changes . 
  this literally says '' you should be multicultural and have no choice '' as a dutchman , how would i be perceived in poland ? 
  i 'm seriously considering poland as a future country to live as netherlands is becoming heavily islamic ( while leftists ignore this but then go live as far as possible from the migrants ) and i do like muslims but i do not like islam . 
  fight your fight and do n't let germany dominate you . 
  anti-identity politics is going to destroy this continent if we do n't take appropiate actions . 
  i would n't mind migration if it was just temporary , but this is a very structural problem . 
  while huge numbers from africa and me come to europe , they also keep filling their own countries with 5 children every household . 
  i am pro-eu and that 's why i realize the only way for eu to survive is if we do n't allow this uncontrolled migration crisis . 
  yes what we did in indonesia was a horrible , atrocious policy and we should have never done it . 
  no crime can be justified . 
  also , pvv has become so big because turkish nationalist extremists give them their justification . 
  when working class dutch people see that they have to pay for welfare of turkish immigrants while they wave turkish flags and spit on dutch flags , then yes !, 
  of course people are going to be angry about that . 
  also , you wish pvv would be like akp . 
  even our most idiotic politicians are a heaven compared to turkish politicians . 
  `` right wing '' in netherlands means being leftist in turkey , considering that even the `` left wing '' parties of turkey are racist , nationalist and extremist . 
  you crazy turkish nationalists do everything to justify the criminal acts your country and people commit . 
  have you ever thought about the fact that women and children werent the one rebelling ? 
  yet you killed them all . 
  this guy is the textbook definition of what is wrong in the eu . 
  criminal terrorists like him ( yes he is a terrorist , since he uses money to finance violent protests to undermine governments ) should be jailed . 
  but because he has money and influence , he is free and european '' independent '' newspapers refer to him as philantropist . 
  what makes it especially problematic is that majority of people who have heard of his name , really believe he is a good person and that there is nothing wrong with his dangerous political operations . 
  we will never learn as people . 
  turks were nevernice in romania . 
  comparing one to another just minimalizes the suffering of the people . 
  they were colonists , occupiers & illegitimate . 
  that 's like me saying , colonial indonesia was actually a nice place to live because you know , in south africa it was worse . 
  yeah netherlands is now '' fascist and racist '' . 
  also , syria is '' turkish historic territory '' as turkey has said it itself : http://www.al-monitor.com/pulse/originals/2016/10/turkey-iraq-mosul-discourse-empty-talk-or-irrendentism.html, 
  thats because the other right party ( vvd ) who was the ruling party actually utilized the opportunity and projected as if it was the big man versus turkey . 
  mark rutte knew how to use the opportunity . 
  he literally , 2 weeks before the elections , copied wilders ' arguments everywhere . 
  he does that all the time . 
  vvd and pvv share a huge voter base . 
  wilders was actually a vvd politician until he left . 
  [ removed ],
