  some analysts say that the main cause of hispanic migration to the usa is still rooted in spains genocide activities in mexico . 
  since when has it become something proudful to brag about imperialism ? 
  the spanish empire killed millions , exterminated native tribes and oppressed religious minorities on the level of isis . 
  the world was lucky that spanish kings were incompetent and regressive in innovation . 
  with, 
  eastern european countries have been the frontrunners of european identiy and unity . 
  they have historically defended the rest of europe against several invaders , from mongols to ottomans to other invaders . 
  fun fact : the hypocrites that cry it is '' inhumane '' , would complain otherwise if the taxes would increase as a result of increase in immigration costs . 
  its funny how , every time something turkey-related involves kurds , all the subtypes of turkish ideologies unite to derail the topic into ` kurds are being treated equally , there is no racism ' topic . 
  everybody with a clear mind that is not brainwashed by turkey knows that erdogan knew of the coup . 
  the whole coup wasnt staged , but erdogan knew the there were some in the military planning a coup so he let them do it only to crush them immediately . 
  erdogan is the greatest genius ive seen . 
  seriously . 
  he can rally millions of people and frame others like nobody else . 
  he supports terrorists in syria ? 
  tell him that and he will twist it so that it will look like you support gulen . 
  he kills minorities and shuts down their schools ? 
  tell him that and he will twist it so that it will look like you support pkk . 
  it is a never ending story . 
  this is pure nonsense . 
  erdogan `` clashed '' in nl with vvd , a secular neoliberal party and pvda , the social democrat party that has been postively discriminating muslims for decades . 
  stop that white guilt, 
  typical french nationalist : when it can benefit , it will extract everything from eu and when it has to share a burden , it becomes the nationalist . 
  even with a treshold , they would get seats . 
  there are a million turks and moroccans together in nl . 
  some polls have them at 4 seats . 
  most of turks vote for them and a big part of arabs too . 
  this is the epitome of integration and immigration !, 
  they use dutch people of moroccan and african heritage for their own turkish islamist/nationalist goals . 
  they left dutch labour party after refusing to condemn turkish groups who refuse to integrate into nl . 
  yeah indeed , it resembles the jewish david star . 
  see , erdogan was right !, 
  and what do you think about the armenian genocide ? 
  or the turkish occupation of cyprus ? 
  or minority rights ? 
  i will give you my judgement after these questions . 
  you are right . 
  france just took a heavy loss in the hearts of many europeans . 
  i used to be the most pro-eu guy but have been changing heavily the last few months . 
  when france were hit by terrorist attacks , almost whole dutch fb base turned its profile picture in french colours and dutch government even organized events for sympathizing with the french . 
  when nl gets bullied by nationalist islamist turkish government , french government spits in our face . 
  ** and that while just some time ago turkey insulted france for recognizing armenian genocide **, 
  at least he does . 
  the treacherous french government lets us down and decides to fall for erdogans words . 
  seriously , if we cant even defend eachother against a dictator , against who can we then ? 
  turkish nationalists are the most ignorant , racist and violent nationalists ive seen in my life . 
  you dont agree with turkey supporting jihadists in syria ? 
  you hate turks !, 
  you dont agree with turkey refusing to accept dutch policy while turkey jails thousands of people ? 
  you hate turks !, 
  / s i remember when they attacked korean and japanese people because they thought they were chinese ( china heavily fights against uygur terrorism , uygurs are a turkish ethnic group ) . 
  so where was that guy relling me turks are better integrated than arabs in nl ? 
  this is pure loyalty tro turkey, 
  according to who he is not a wanted man internationally ? 
  bring him to the syrian government and they would say something else . 
  your argument doesnt make sense . 
  `` al baghdadi wants to protest peacefully , let him ! '' . 
  would you agree with that ? 
  done nothing illegal yet ? 
  he is literally responsible together with the whole cabinet of destroying syria and bringing thousands of jihadists to that country . 
  he has conducted the `` euphrates shield '' operation , vowing to cleanse syria from syrian kurdish groups and syrian government in favor of syrian islamists . 
  what do you mean nothing illegal ? 
  so if i wear a suite i can be legal for killing people ? 
  let them sanction nl please . 
  i would love that . 
  turkeys economy is smaller than nl economy , while they have 5 times more population . 
  who are they going to hurt ? 
  their own people . 
  so let them do that . 
  is not allowing isis to spread hate also `` restricting free speech '' ? 
  this guy is responsible for supporting jihadists in syria , kills his own people , tortures political opponents and doesnt even allow journalists to go to kurdish southeast because his army has leveled the ground there . 
  no tolerance for the intolerant . 
  just because he wears a suit and is the country leader doesnt mean he is different from al baghdadi . 
  our ineffective , treacherous leaders allow him and his terrorist followers to stage rallies here in nl . 
  their fake reason is `` we cant stop them '' , what do you mean you cant stop them ? 
  you can very easily stop them . 
  deny them entry and done . 
  they already call us nazis . 
  he may be a tourist . 
  the millions of luck seekers arent . 
  its not your fault , its the fault of the millions of turkish nationalists and islamists who would abuse the visa system to extract benefits in europe while waving the turkish flag and calling us nazis, 
  no he does n't when he gets inside a private building . 
  he has to provide that for himself when he is planning a private meeting . 
  in addition whenever he goes abroad he has to pay for security himself . 
  the problem is that according to turkey 's own definition , the akp is a terrorist organization itself . 
  but only minorities get targeted . 
  when were the people sending weapons to syrian jihadists sent to prison ? 
  never . 
  you are an akp apologist . 
  seriously turkey occupying cyprus has damaged europe 's honor tremendously . 
  dont know why there is no wide-spread movement against this . 
  oh wait its racist to say anything negative about turkey, 
  stop with this idealist socialist bullshit . 
  its not the uks responsibility . 
  the uk doesnt have the resources to control every arab prone to jihadism . 
  it is their own fault and their culture that apparently tends them to become jihadist . 
  thats funny coming from a romanian nationalist , because soviet used to say the same thing about the romanian `` terrorists '', 
  pkk is a terrorist organization but they are the only voice kurds have left . 
  akp has banned half of hdp , has denied independent media from entering kurdish towns and has sent support to islamic groups in syria . 
  its got even so bad that kurdish children are being kicked out of their schools for speaking kurdish at schools where akp rectors rule .
