  dutch can most of the times understand german , but germans ca n't understand dutch . 
  catalan is closer to french than to spanish . 
   you are claiming that catalan and spanish are different languages . 
  it 's not just me who is claiming that , every linguist in the world will tell you that unless he has studied in a university run by spanish extremists . 
   but i do n't that catalan people are different to spaniards , and if you consider the language ... it 's even worse : there are more catalans whose native language is spanish than catalan . 
  that 's like saying : '' dutch people and german people have a lot of similarities so they are the same !! '' . 
  you should know the differece between similarity and being the same thing . 
   no , it 's not a racial/language issue . 
  let it go . 
  it 's another kind of issue . 
  it is . 
  catalans have the legitimate right for self-determination . 
  to be honest , had netherlands never revolted against spanish imperialism , we would now be called spanish too . 
  we had to fight our fight a while ago , catalans will hopefully follow the succes of the dutch , mexicans , and other people who got independence from spain . 
  yes catalan and spanish are different languages . 
  they are n't mutually intelligible and have different grammar and vocabulary structures . 
  catalan is way closer to other languages . 
  catalan is grammatically even closer to french than to spanish . 
  here is the language tree for you . 
  of course , catalans are much closer to spaniards than indonesians are to dutch . 
  but they are still different . 
  a better comparison would be comparing dutch and english speakers ( both germanic ) to spanish and catalans ( both romance ) , but still different . 
  you ca n't make those kind of assumptions . 
  there were more people who voted for independence parties than non-independence parties . 
  the gap between there , doesnt automatically fit into the non-independence parties . 
  they could be independence orientated too , but with different ideas . 
  the only real conclusion we could get out of the elections if that there were more people voting for pro-independence than against independence . 
   moreover , comparing nations , regions , or any group dynamic to one woman and one man is something you 'd expect a 5 year old to do , so i probably should n't even bother . 
  have you ever heard of rationalizing ? 
  i 'm giving you a mirror that you should look into . 
  to be honest , the only reason why spain is really holding catalunya is because of geopolitical greed and economic greed . 
  after all , if my country nl had the choice , they would have never let indonesia go independent either . 
  even though catalans and indonesians are two different people from spanish and dutch . 
  i dont even understand why spaniards want catalan to stay with them . 
  i just dont . 
  why the heck do you want to keep people with you that do n't want to ? 
  are you going to force your girlfriend to stay in your house with all her possessions after she broke up with you ? 
  or will you just accept it and move on , to something better ? 
  it wasnt about iraq specifically , i just showed that whole middle east is more than a desert . 
  swedish people look down on the middle east , they think that they are inferior and should be advantaged everywhere . 
  no ignorant guy . 
  it can get very cold in places like iraq , with snow far exceeding european countries like nl : https://www.google.nl/search?q=snow+in+iraq&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0cacq_auoawovchmijodwraq_yaivgtkach2ekqbc&amp;biw=1876&amp;bih=900&amp;dpr=0.9, 
  bullshit , in the middle east it can get very cold through winter . 
  swedens and their ignorance is really a problem . 
  why did he go there ? 
  kurds are not so communist . 
  hdp is leftists democrat . 
  the communist party in this rally was actually turkish, 
  quick question , why are n't the yezidis flown into germany ? 
  i know someone who works as a volunteer in the middle east and aids refugees and she told me that yezidis never make these statements . 
  they only want to be safe . 
  they dont complain of having no proper internet connection , or no ` privacy ' . 
  they only thank you for being save . 
  are n't these the people that we should take in ? 
  especially considering that they really face a genocide and is literally kills and rapes all of them . 
  i would be quite worried if i were a turk to be honest , a lot of the refugees will never go back and wil unconditionally vote for akp . 
  i 'm not saying all of them are bad , but arab refugees/migrants are n't known for integration . 
  do n't be suprised if fundamentalism will rise in some turkish cities . 
  russia is bombing isis too though . 
   as long as assad is in power , muslim radicalism has a focal point to concentrate around . 
  a brutal shite who kills sunnis in cold blood is one of the greatest recruiting tools for islamic militancy since the soviets invaded afghanistan . 
  the vast majority of the 1 billion muslims are sunni and it 's no surprise that thousands of people are going to syria every year to fight against assad 's forces . 
  his existence gives islamists a genuinely evil enemy to use for recruiting , and it will continue to be useful as long as he 's in power . 
  the majority of the syrian arab army is sunni too . 
  turkey is bombing kurds though . 
  this post genuinely made my eyes open . 
  so they were not * booing at france * but they were * booing at uefa during the minute of silence for france * . 
  that 's clearly a vast distinction and totally not disrespectful towards the french people , to use that minute of silence to show your anger / s !, 
  france did n't want the migrants to complain about russian agression against islam by drinking . 
  of course english people will not be banned , because uk is already islamic in huge parts of london . 
  russia is offending the muslim community of france . 
  somebody call ebru umar, 
  the deal was not they will get visa free travel . 
  the deal was the process would be speed up . 
  they still have to comply with the rules . 
  in almost no research the whole population is being asked . 
  statistics is designed to ask enough people to be representative for the whole population . 
  [ according to dutch research : 80 % of turks in netherlands finds it not wrong that jihad is being used against non-muslims . 
  80 % of the turks in netherlands find it okay if the jihadists from syria come back to netherlands . ] ( http://www.ad.nl/ad/nl/30561/geert-wilders/article/detail/3788024/2014/11/11/steun-turkse-jongeren-voor-is-verontrustend.dhtml ) . 
  apparently more people have suffered because of ignorance . 
  karl marx is not the person who let `` your people '' suffer , his work is a scientific piece of paper . 
  just because people abused his words doesnt mean he was dangerous, 
  it isnt really . 
  us senators arent even close to that level, 
  last time the people didnt give him what he wanted ( summer 2015 elections ) , he started a war against turkeys kurdish population to regain the nationalist vote . 
  this is a catch22 . 
  if they give him the referendum yes , he will abuse powers . 
  if they dont give him the yes , then he will `` take measures to combat terrorism '' and either way crush the minorities or start a war or something . 
  lol i didnt even vote pvv otherwise i would tell you, 
  cant remember he said they were bad, 
  nobody is saying that european countries are bad . 
  europe existed way before the eu . 
  the ukrainian case is complicated because the `` other '' side ( russia ) is also european . 
  so it is an intra-european conflict . 
  lol what ? 
  since when is it allowed to deny genocides here ? 
  the spanish imperial activities were humane ? 
  lets go to yucatan and see the maya temples . 
  half of what you describe was done by eastern europeans + soviet union was an eastern european empire . 
  he selectively took out the parts which showed that the spanish empire was a murderous , disastroust empire .
