  where is intarnational law then ? 
  russia 's targets are n't civilians , they are militants . 
  there are civilians who die yes , but that 's like in every war . 
  american bombings have also led to civilian casualties . 
  many terrorist entities , like ahrar ash sham ( http://uk.businessinsider.com/ahrar-al-sham-in-syria-and-turkey-2015-10?r=us&amp;ir=t ) , are being sponsored by erdogan and his allies . 
  this is not about isis , this is about turkish occupation of syria in order to attack assad and syrian kurds . 
  just already turkey started attacking kurdish ypg . 
  so turkey says it will attack isis but then attacks kurds . 
  like another user said , somehow everytime turkey says it will attack is it is attacking kurds . 
  i 'm happy many of my countrymen have rejected turkey as their next tourist destination anymore . 
  at the end only isis will benefit from this and secular people in syria will suffer . 
  you are really naive if you think that if turkey and saudi attack syria , all the civilians in the war areas will stay nicely in their homes . 
  update : turkey start the operation by bombing syrian kurds https://twitter.com/afp/status/698529169525886976, 
  no , they are going to enter syria and occuppy territory to overthrow assad , the political leader of syria . 
  it 's a pure invasion . 
  it 's no different from usa which ousted saddam . 
  like i said , turkey is trying to sell it as an anti is operation but saudi fm already confirmed that it is meant to attack assad . 
  turkey 's goal is n't defeating is either . 
  either way , be prepared for the next thousands of refugees . 
  the problem is that most people who participate , dont know what sharia is . 
  if you ask them whether they want hands of people being cut , they will say no . 
  but if you ask them whether they want islam-critics to be jailed/killed ( which is sharia ) , then they will say yes . 
  turks are not the most secular muslim nations lol , who told you that ? 
  akp , an islamist party , has ruled turkey for 12 years . 
  things that the akp will now be able to do : - decide turkey 's foreign policy of supporting islamist terrorists in the world ; - commit more corruption in all its forms without being held to justice ; - seize more government-critical newspapers ; - kill more kurdish and turkish civilians who want to embrace peace ( suruc , ankara ) - give more money to the turkish intelligence mit , who is responsible for the support of jihadists but hey , at least the people of turkey have now a ruling party whose leader says that muslims discovered america , who doesnt want that , right ? 
  resorting to name calling , how professional of you . 
  mhp in ** any ** coalition is worse for turkey . 
  turkey can better be ruled by erdogan solely than with mhp . 
  mhp openly calls for the end of minority rights , their leader says all asians are the same , their supporters call for violence against armenians nd you are worrying about other parties being racist ? 
  and to remind you , mhp has traditionally supported akp dictator-aspirations . 
  they voted for akp to be speaker of parliament and have voted for akp proposals in the past . 
  yes , heavily . 
  they have never secularized . 
  their '' secularism '' is nationalism/supremacy , which is often times confused with secularism . 
  their nationalism contradicts islam ( which is anti-nationalism ) , but they see sunni islam as a part of turkish history so they still embrace it and see non-sunnis as second class . 
  here are some alevite organizations condeming mhp candidates : http://www.diclehaber.com/en/news/content/view/406986?page=9&amp;from=4159987175, 
  you do realize that kurds have been fighting for kurdish rights inside turkey right after its establishment ( 1920 's + ) right ? 
  you 're right , i do n't understand why people downvote you . 
  mhp is a very racist party , with its leader openly making racist statements against asians : http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/koreans-and-chinese-both-have-slanted-eyes-turkeys-nationalist-leader-says-over-attacks-on-tourists.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=85134&amp;newscatid=338 mhp 's youth party , the grey wolves , are a very violent organization who are responsible for the death of hundreds of people . 
  also , mhp openly calls for the end of kurdish rights and wants to assimilate kurds under the pretext of '' one language , one nation , one state '' . 
  i 'd rather have an islamist party than a neonazi-like party . 
  no , mhp is an islamist nationalist party . 
  they are not secular . 
  mhp youth ( grey wolves ) used to be one of the most sectarian orientated people in turkey and terrorized hundreds of alevites ( religious minority ) in turkey . 
  also , they are a very racist party . 
  they are openly advocating violence against kurds and armenians . 
  mhp cleaned out its extremists ? 
  be right back , mhp leader who made a racist statement recent : http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/koreans-and-chinese-both-have-slanted-eyes-turkeys-nationalist-leader-says-over-attacks-on-tourists.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=85134&amp;newscatid=338, 
  this . 
  apart from istanbul and some areas surrounding it , turkey is asian . 
  it is about the area . 
  turkey says it itself that it doesnt tolerate ypg dominating isis positions . 
  turkey will only fight armies who are weaker , and turkey will defend isis over any group in syria . 
  ca n't forget when turkey wanted to attack peshmerga in 2006 but backed out like a real paper tiger army when usa threatened to station its troops around the iraq-turkey border and intervene if turkey ever attacked peshmerga . 
  there 's the mighty turkey for you . 
  that 's like saying saudi arabia is directly fighting in syria because saudi citizens are there . 
  pkk is not the same as ypg , even though they cooperate isis and turkey are not the same , even though they cooperate, 
  turkey is supporting isis though . 
  there is many footage out there proving it , or as some old isis member said himself : http://europe.newsweek.com/isis-and-turkey-cooperate-destroy-kurds-former-isis-member-reveals-turkish-282920, 
  no , turkey is protecting isis . 
  ypg wants to liberate the places between jarabuluz and azaz , but turkey hit ypg because isis is already occupying that area . 
  turkey is protecting isis again . 
  just like in the beginning . 
  it 's a good move that russia has made turkey think twice again about invading syria , turkey has been put into a defesenive position now . 
  just a reminder , something a lot of people forgot : turkey 's akp tried to invade syria a couple of years ago . 
  akp and turkish intelligence were planning false flag but were caught and the operation was canceled . 
  we must be aware of akp 's lies and invasive thoughts : http://www.whiteoutpress.com/articles/2014/q1/leaked-recording-shows-turkey-to-attack-itself-blame-syria/, 
  wake up dude , muslims have been living in europe for decades now . 
  and it got only worse . 
  the gastarbeiders ( migrant workers ) of germany and nl were way less demanding and prone to terrorism as their children . 
  new generation moroccans and turks are the worst , [ they are the worst integrating immigrants in whole nl ] ( http://www.cbs.nl/nr/rdonlyres/e6878ed8-0347-4ed0-8a8d-360ab79022b2/0/jaarrapportintegratie2014pub.pdf ) . 
  and this will be the same for the new waves of arabs coming to europe . 
  but hey , at least we can say we are not racist right , i mean being realistic means nothing if someone can call you racist . 
  he lives in sweden , a pacifist country that tries to ban gender-based bathrooms . 
  assyrians are slowly , but steadily , becoming stronger and stronger . 
  one of the most significant christian forces in the middle east , is the [ syriac military council ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/syriac_military_council ) / mfs . 
  they are an assyrian militia based in syria and are aligned to the kurdish ypg . 
  so far they have participated in major battles in hasakah , kobane and sere kani against is . 
  also , there has been a new coalition formed inside syria , called the syrian democratic forces . 
  it is basically a coalition of kurdish , arab and assyrian fighters who fight for 1 , sectarianism free syria . 
  every person who cares about assyrians should spread more information about mfs so that people get to know it better . 
  so you want us just to accept islam as a religion of europe ? 
  so according to you , we should just adapt to islam and make it state policy ? 
  the thing is , it takes years to see finally reject an asylum seeker and even if they are being rejected , they will be able to stay there . 
  only a small percentage of rejected asylum seekers do actually go back . 
  yeah but most of the '' rfugees '' also will never leave the country . 
  go search for some data . 
  even if they are rejected asylum , they will stay . 
  '' those in russia are genuine syrians '' , who the fuck told you that bullcrap ? 
  do you know how many afghans there are in russia ? 
  russia borders those countries , syria doesnt . 
  who says they are syrian refugees ? 
  they could be afghans , pakistanis , and more . 
  i 've spoken with a real refugee and he told me that the way through europe he found out the most people he saw coming to europe were afghans and pakistanis . 
   you found a tree chart on the internet . 
  i am a native spanish speaker who watches shows in catalan without subtitles , and who can understand it within reas lol , do you think that i look at a picture and base my opinion on that ? 
  all the linguists will tell you that catalan is a different language from spanish . 
   guess whose opinion is more relevant . 
  i think linguists , who have studied the languages , know better than a reddit user who is trying to minimize catalan 's right to self-determination . 
  for the record , dutch and german can somehow understand eachother , but are not mutual intelligible .
