  at least he was n't an imperialist islamist like erdogan . 
  and even then , we have failed democracies like sweden who are literally digging their own grave by changing their own demographics in favor of non-swedes . 
  democracies only work when the people are relatively educated and do n't fall for conspiracy and religious theories . 
  democracies only work when there are philosophers who call for progress , not for regressive sectarian rules . 
  qaddafi was an islamic philisopher , and he kept his country a success . 
  i wonder why he hasnt condemned his brothers of the islamic state who bombed civilians and tourists yesterday in istanbul killing more than 5 . 
  i guess secularists and tourists deserve to die because they havent pledged allegiance to either the erdo-sultanate or the islamic state or al nusra . 
  pkk brought the fight to the cities , so that gives turkey the right to destroy kurdish cities entirely ? 
  what a sick mind . 
  thats why i also cant sympathize with a lot of people when they die because i know their mothers wouldnt cry when it would have been another ethnicity dying . 
  its funny how you believe a turk , who are for more than 99 % against pkk , declare what is the truth . 
  do you know that the average turk blames pkk for almost every violence in turkey ? 
  it was mostlikely isis , considering that they attacked european and israeli tourists . 
  they are leaving their homes because turkish army destroyed it , here is kurdish dominated cizre the new aleppo : https://www.google.nl/search?q=cizre&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjrkprmmm3lahxsnpokhc2cbp4q_auibygb&amp;biw=1025&amp;bih=449#imgrc=nuhlqsoepoj6bm%3a, 
   yes , it does make them same if they do n't fight each other , past proves that . 
  the hell ? 
  ahrar ash sham and nusra dont fight eachother , are they the same ? 
  yeah i meant raising , sorry i come from the netherlands . 
  istanbul is not far more secular . 
  if you want to find a secular city comparable to europe , look for izmir . 
  mhp does use islam many times , and many mhp supporters are sectarian . 
  mhp 's youth organization grey wolves , bran has been involved in killing the alevites ( a religious minority ) : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/grey_wolves_%28organization%29, 
  because the population supports him . 
  a big big mistake people make , is thinking that the average citizen of turkey ( whether turk or turkish kurd or any other sunni muslim ethnicity ) is secular , pacifist and/or non-violent . 
  this is not true . 
  being born in a sunni turkish family in turkey , means that you get razed with quranic verses . 
  it means that you get used to knowing that ottomans ruled a big territory under the flag of islam . 
  and you also get to learn that the secular military junta in turkey oppressed religious rights like being able to wear a headscarf in government buildings ( turkish military coup leaders banned these things ) . 
  logically , if there is a presidential candidate who constantly brags about islam , says that islam is his only concern ( your religion that was oppressed in the past ) and allows women like your mom and sister to wear their headscarfs in government buildings , then you will feel attached to him . 
  he is your saviour . 
  so you do n't vote for chp ( a secular party ) , mhp ( ultranationalist party ) or hdp ( pro-kurdish party ) . 
  and if you are a turkish kurd , and your family/tribe denounces the pkk , you obviously go look at the other parties . 
  chp has a history of destroying kurdish language , culture and ethnicity ( even though they have a progressive policy now , it used to be racial orientated ) . 
  mhp is pan-turkish , so you 'll exlcude them right away . 
  then you see akp . 
  they say that kurds and turks are brothers . 
  they [ translate quran into kurdish language ] ( http://www.al-monitor.com/pulse/originals/2015/05/turkey-kurds-kurdish-koran-makes-political-debut.html ) and even denounce racism against kurds . 
  so what will you do logically ? 
  vote for them . 
  and that 's how erdogan and akp get in power . 
  by touching the things that secular parties oppressed . 
  tak isnt pkk , just because they dont fight eachother doesnt make them the same thing . 
  one would be very ignorant to think that pkk should fight tak so that turkish state gets intelligence and can divide the two further , they are no enemies but also not the same . 
  important to note , turks have been accused of destroying kurdish cultural centres in the netherlands in the past : http://www.parool.nl/amsterdam/politie-was-verrast-door-aanval-op-koerdisch-centrum~a2996600/, 
  kurdish militant group tak who claimed responsibility for the bombing of ankara turkish military targets , gave turkey 's forces brutality as the reason why they restarted operations . 
  but russia actually really did bomb is , turkey is only bombing kurds, 
  this is a military campaign against the syrian assyrians , whose biggest militia is the mfs and is aligned to ypg and sdf . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/syriac_military_council the other assyrian christians , who are aligned to assad , are also anti-turkey and have been harrassed by jihadists supported by turkey . 
  remember idlib where christians were abducted after turkish supported rebels captured the city ? 
   just because turkey attacks pkk or pyd does n't mean turkey is pro-is . 
  turkey is definitely pro isil and is using isil to attack syrians . 
  tell me , why does turkey launch an anti isil operation but then attacks syrian kurds ? 
  the terrorist supported erdogan and his army also have started attacking the syrian government 's troops just a half hour ago . 
   pkk and their affiliates have caused much more damage to turkey than is could ever do hence the priority of turkey is dealing with pkk and its affiliates . 
  this isnt about pkk or its affaliates , this is pure about turkey wanting to kill kurds under the pretext of fighting isil . 
  tell me , where was the so called turkish action against isil of last lsummer ? 
  only pkk was targeted . 
  yes . 
  have you not read the news last week ? 
  he threatened eu with buses full of refugees if we dont do what he wants . 
  if saudi military attack isil , 50 % of their soldiers will defect to isil, 
  no , luckily nato does n't have to and wo n't . 
  let the turks clean their own mess , i dont want to go fighting for erdogan / . 
  no they do n't have the right . 
  syria explicitly rejected any military invasion by the two countries . 
  by the help of isis . 
  isis attacked the regime in menagh, 
  an article of years ago . 
  since when has the west 's interests be bombing syrian kurds and assad ? 
  our goal in syria is bombing isil . 
  turkey and saudi 's goal is destroying secularism . 
  if anything we should assist anti-turkish and anti-saudi forces . 
  turkey and saudi are the opposite of what europe needs . 
  so when the civilians say that the turkish army forced them to leave their homes , and said they will never be allowed to come back , you still blame pkk ? 
   the same that everyone else uses to bomb or intervene in syria . 
  which right has netherlands to bomb in syria without asking the syrian government ? 
  your parlement decided on that . 
  netherlands is bombing syria from an aeral campaign and it is against isil , really against isil , not occupying territory and attacking the kurdish minority because they have different language . 
   too much russian fanboyism here : http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2016/02/11/russian-air-strikes-targeting-mosques-syria/80248060/ i dont think putin is staying awake because of all those refugees coming to turkey and europe because of their aircampaing . 
  russian fanboyism ? 
  i think that since turkey has targeted the russian plane , you are here spreading false propaganda to discredit russia . 
  i dont like russia but they are attacking militants , not civilians . 
   this is about isis and in a lesser extent about other things such as preventing a safehaven for terrorists attacking turkey . 
  did you know that ypg called foreigners to join attacking a nato country ? 
  did you know that they are ethnically cleansing areas in syria ? 
  did you know they dont recognize international borders ? 
  dont they sound like isis ? 
  the international brigade , a force that cooperates with ypg but isnt part of the ypg structure threatened turkey and not ypg command themselves . 
  and this is not about is . 
  turkey wants to attacking kurds like they always do . 
  stop whitewashing your country 's racist policies towards kurds . 
  if turkey was against is they would have attacked the moment the ankara bombings happened . 
  but instead of that they attack syrian kurds and say it is an anti isil coalition . 
  yes really anti isil coalition when you are attacking kurds . 
   also we do n't only care about killing kurds . 
  tell that to the civilians of sur , where thousands of people 's houses have been devastated and displaced by the turkish army . 
  and before you say '' no pkk did this '' , the ** civilians ** who live there explicitely say that turkish armed forces and police did it . 
  turkey has started shelling ypg positions while leaving isis alone like everytime : https://twitter.com/vivarevolt/status/698518316344709120 hunderds of turks and kurds have died in the terror attacks of is in turkey and turks only care about killing kurds . 
  nice country . 
  turkey has a right to intervene in syria ?
