  its hard to blame pkk when erdogan even kills his own people . 
  they dont tell you that those `` american donors '' are there because he is being threatened and has to have security 24/7 . 
  they are rather blaming him than the terrorists that want to kill him . 
  europe must stop russian agression , and bring arab imperialism with it . 
  story of the average pro-eu politician . 
  what trump and brexit have done , is still not comparable to the rapes by arab refugees and terrorist attacks . 
  i dont like le pen either , but you must be really ignorant to think that arab refugees all only want to integrate and live `` freely '' here . 
  le pen exists because the other candidates dont care about demographic change . 
  just see the culture in syria prewar . 
  that is arab culture . 
  culture is not some toy you can buy in a store , culture is the patterns of behavior a group shows . 
  and yes , laws of that country have influence on how people think later in lifes . 
  good luck with calling everybody a racist because the poor dont want more refugees , while you live in a neighbourhood without any of them . 
  it is always easier to talk when you are not directly affected . 
  she was n't arrested for women emancipation rights , she was supported because she supported the pkk . 
  its all for votes , the autocratic erdogan would never declare war / take rights of innocent people away . 
  women have all the rights in turkey . 
  they can talk , be part of ruling party and vote . 
  this woman was a kurdish pkk supporter . 
  pkk is a terrorist organizagtion that wants to divide turkey by demanding language rights and respect for anything else than turkish . 
  yeah it 's all a prank , that is why : - turkey is still occupying cyprus territory - has invaded syria illegally and supported islamic militants there who wage jihad against infidels - has been accused by iraqi government of illegal invasion and occupation of territory - uses diaspora for spy operations - tortures , rapes & suppresses political minority no , nothing to worry about, 
  so you are saying a person who is responsible for killing children and jailing academics , is going to appreciate non turkish non muslim architecture ? 
  yeah because invading other countries is the right measure after a country commits a crime . 
  if that rule was applied to turkey , turkey would now have been non existent after the crimes they committed against armenians , assyrians , kurds , greeks and even arabs . 
  in safe hands , what are you talking about ? 
  the radical government of turkey is constantly threatening to transform hagia sophia in a mosque . 
  hes not even alone . 
  the neo-fascist mhp joins the turkih government in its plans . 
  look what they did to cyprus . 
  puting an occuppying turkish flag on top of the hill . 
  nice greek culture . 
  im glad more europeans are realizing our own security starts in greece , not in our own countries . 
  greece will and stay in the eu . 
  an attack on greece is an attack on every european citizen . 
  now lets see if erdogan and his nationalist and religious mob can match a european unified front . 
  i might be an armchair general but i promise you , the day turkey invades greece , i will volunteer to protect greek lands against the turkish threat . 
  this is not just about `` fighting against erdogan '' . 
  turkey has been having illegal land claims in europe for a very very long time , even before erdogan and his mob were in power . 
  cyprus is now occupied by this islamist nationalist turkish threat . 
  if my tax money can go to greece , so can the european armies . 
  and the uk is undermining the middle east by supporting erdogan , supporting syrian islamic terrorists and possibly the biggest shame of all : providing military help and support to the saudi arabia regime responsible for killing more than 3000 children alone in the war against the yemeni people : https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/dec/18/uk-cluster-bombs-used-in-yemen-by-saudi-arabia-finds-research i cant wait until uk leaves europe . 
  it would strengthen our human rights policy so much . 
  no more cluster bombs to saudi arabia to bomb yemeni children . 
  people claim we need european army against russia or against islamic terrorism . 
  and i agree . 
  but they often forget we also need a euroopean army against the turkish regime and their trojan-esque nationalist religious army inside our countries . 
  we need to strongly stand together and condemn every word erdogan says against greece . 
  greece is the centre of europe historically . 
  we already betrayed cyprus by having turkish colonists occupy a large part of it . 
  our leaders need to publicy warn erdogan and his isis supporting army that any shot at greece is a shot at netherlands , france , germany and other european countries . 
  and of course , this should be publicy announced by poland and austria , who already humiliated the turkish land grab ambitions some time ago . 
  uh , no . 
  foreign policy is there where the president actually has a say without automatically having to call congress . 
  hes brainwashing you , dont believe that shit . 
  the fact that most french muslims dont go to a mosque , doesnt prove anything . 
  you do realize that most isis extremists who have gone to syria and iraq havent been to mosques either , right . 
  a mosque is just a place where you can pray together . 
  it has no correlation with jihadi tendencies . 
  french muslim population is closer to 11-12 percent . 
  go to france , and youll see yourself . 
  empirical observations are way better for this kind of things than reports that have to be politically correct . 
  i hate to break it for you but what you say relies on the wrong assumptions . 
  tatars are not that common in terror attacks , because russia doesnt allow them . 
  russia rules with an iron fist . 
  muslims in russia are , besided the secularization campaign of the soviets , not allowed to openly threaten russia . 
  bosniaks are getting more and more radicalized ever since the arab gulf nations have been investing money there : http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/islamic-state-presence-in-bosnia-cause-for-concern-a-1085326.html black muslims have traditionally been a huge part of jihadist movements . 
  isis and al qaeda are full of somalians . 
  the fact that you dont see them so much in videos etc , has more to do with arab racism that systematically places arabs on top of the jihadi boards . 
  heck , besides iraq and afghanistan , most jihadi movements are active in africa . 
  uk judicial system is a joke . 
  uk citizens get 3/4 years when they travel to syria to join ypg ( which is supported by the west ) in order to fight isis . 
  meanwhile isis fighters get free healthcare , protection and are even exempt from jail when they come back from isis . 
  wanted to go to greece and then visit kusadasi for a day or two . 
  screw that plan . 
  i 'm not going to visit this backward country anymore as long as erdogan is staying leader . 
  y' all had the chance to vote him out but you keep voting him in . 
   g ` my president doesnt allow this ' source ? 
  not disputing this , just wnat reference, 
  a slightly right leaning party what ? 
  d66 call themselves ** social ** liberals and openly say they are not rightists . 
  they are liberals , but on the left side . 
  which means they support the state and its institutions , and also support more migrants to europe/more souvereignity to eu . 
  a proper justice system doesnt exist and has never existed in turkey . 
  they have had coups every damn 10 years . 
  and now there is an islamist coup still ongoing . 
  even ambassadors are not safe and are killed by the islamist army . 
  its funny because western special forces are fighting alongside ypg, 
  mhp is islamist too . 
  they have fought intetrnational jihad for non turks many times, 
  maybe it was the grey wolves . 
  they dont like russia and are islamist in nature in combination with turkish nationalism . 
  many of them fought against russia in favor of chechen jihad :  members of the grey wolves fought on the chechen separatist side during the first chechen war ( 1994 -- 96 ) [ 148 ] and the second chechen war ( 1999 -- 2000 ) . 
  [ 38 ] [ 149 ] [ 150 ] cnn reported in 2000 that the grey wolves with most pro-chechen stance were those affiliated with the islamist great union party ( bbp ) , which had split from mhp in 1993 . 
  the article suggested that they `` run the mosques and commercial activities in some parts of istanbul . 
  it is in these mosques , in the suburbs of the city , that offerings are collected after daily prayers for the chechen refugees . 
  it is money that probably also goes to soldiers on the front lines . 
  '' [ 150 ] according to svante cornell it is `` widely believed that the grey wolves organised arms shipments to chechnya , probably with at least the partial knowledge of the turkish authorities . 
  '' [ 151 ] russian media has alleged that the turkish government knew and possibly supported , or at least did not prevent , the activities of the grey wolves in chechnya . 
  on a side note , it could be someone from the nationalist turkish group called grey wolves . 
  they are islamists too , and have helped chechen terrorists in the fight against russia :  members of the grey wolves fought on the chechen separatist side during the first chechen war ( 1994 -- 96 ) [ 148 ] and the second chechen war ( 1999 -- 2000 ) .
