not if you look at their outcomes . 
  their rankings among other western democracies are terrible given the resources available to the us . 
  never met a british-american , met a few scottish ones but americans ideas about ethnicity are appalling to me so i try and change the conversation if it comes up . 
  cardigan bay . 
  you do need a passport if you are not in schengen . 
  the point about money was not about practicalities , it 's about working out exchange rates . 
  there are more than young people in countries , when i travel i speak to people of all ages who do n't speak english . 
  do you need a passport to travel between california and georgia ? 
  do you need to change your money if you live in oregon and you are visiting wyoming ? 
  do people in rhode island speak a different language to delaware ? 
  is the head of state different in new mexico to the head of state in texas ? 
  much longer than that . 
  it 's all about context , most british accents can get ten times more venom into twat or wanker than they can into motherfucker , which to me sounds cute for the same reasons , too many soft consonants . 
  mine was done over 45 years ago . 
  am sure things have improved since then . 
  i was circumcised as an infant due to the foreskin being too tight ( massive cock obv . ) . 
  i have been the only chopped that a good number of my bed partners have ever seen . 
  i like the kazakh one . 
  star wars or crank 2, 
  windsor castle was built in the 11th century and heathrow is an airport . 
  american again unfortunately , do n't want to kick them too much but was asked why windsor castle was built so near to heathrow . 
  no , the thought of having to elect a president is shite and i can not imagine any president that we have ever getting the sort of approval ratings the queen has . 
  plus a president will cost a fortune and contribute nothing . 
  why no uk ? 
  i am living in england but i am british , i dont have an option for that . 
  no , no country is worth dying for . 
  nothing, 
  15 miles , do it by bike , takes me just over and hour . 
  please tell me no-one opposes palliative care anywhere . 
  can you give examples of american sarcasm please , other than the obvious ones ; american exceptionalism , leaders of the free world and land of the free ? 
  no idea what an all american look is but he is definitely an american , can tell by the shoes and socks . 
  without maxwell there would probably not have been einstein . 
  of course it 's not possible to fire someone because of what they believe , who is to say what is wrong or right to believe ?? 
  16 is not an adult , its a child , you can do somethings but you are still in education so most people do n't want their kids working . 
  you have much more faith in people than i do . 
  the a large minority are dangerously stupid and can not be trusted with many things . 
  in a world with no stupid people i agree with you . 
  why does the government not give you the responsibility to take drugs or drive at 200kph on the roads ? 
  only some games are shown live in the english premier league . 
  any that kick off at 1500 on a saturday can not be shown live . 
  sky , bt , bbc & itv have their own commentators but they do n't stick to teams , they do whatever . 
  it can be done with any meat . 
  what do you mean ? 
  [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/food/comments/yu0n5/roast_chicken_w_yorkshire_pudding/ ) is one of my favourite threads of all time , an american tried to make a classic british sunday roast . 
  i do n't think i have ever heard of anyone committing any crimes to avoid deportation . 
  the differences in prisons are because the us believes that prison should be punishment/financial profit rather than rehabilitation . 
  sweden ? 
  if a refugee commits a crime then they are put in prison but if a refugee comes to the country and is ill they get treated , why would they have to commit a crime to get treated ? 
  they guy who drove the truck in stockholm was an uzbek , he will serve any time he is sentenced to in sweden then get deported i would imagine . 
  why would anyone need to commit a crime to get healthcare or other services ? 
  london here , know a few people who go to the nfl games but lots of ex pat yanks and euros travel to see them , generally most people do n't care . 
  never see any of the sports personally , never on tv . 
  you yanks are awfully thin skinned . 
  why bother asking questions if even the politest response is going to trigger you ? 
  remember most people are responding to you in a language that is 2nd or 3rd to them and also they are probably more used to actually conversing with brits in english so will understand their social cues more ( i.e. 
  not thin skinned yanks ) . 
  there are plenty of us posters here that bring value but unfortunately there are also plenty that take offence very easily and then start mentioning the war . 
  i always liked the kazakh one , i like a lot of the two colour ones . 
  circumcised male here ( medical not religious ) , i was seen as a novelty , certainly the only snipped one most of my sexual partners have seen . 
  i ca n't understand how you would not expect chopping parts of kids dicks off to be unpopular somewhere where we do n't routinely chop parts of kids dicks off . 
  also , the mention of female circumcision is a reference to female genital mutilation , google it but it 's not pleasant . 
  if i wanted to talk to you i would approach you , you coming to me is unwanted and will 100 % make me think you are trying to rob/scam me . 
  get rid of voting machines too - too easy to hack/influence . 
  it was always hard brexit . 
  no one even suggested staying in the common market until after the result as no one though people would vote for brexit . 
  there is no way to leave the eu and stay in the common market without freedom of movement . 
  freedom of movement is what most people who voted for brexit were voting against . 
  nothing - why would anyone saying anything about my country upset me ? 
  it 's small compared to the one near me ( i am in london ) . 
  we have many types of peanut butter as well as almond butter ( but only about half of what is in the picture ) but we have a lot more jam and preserves/marmalades as well as relishes . 
  a few war crimes would break the resistance of angry civilians really quickly . 
  scorched earth for any towns that resist soon gets the message across , docile as lambs after that . 
  you are no more fierce than anyone else . 
  very patriotic people are always racists . 
  some are better at hiding it than others, 
  only racists would get anything to represent their country . 
  heritage is n't really a thing like it is in the us . 
  ampersand, 
  maybe in gun nut monthly , but outside of specialist shooting magazines , never . 
  lots : [ north east ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b9gn44g9des ) [ north west ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x5rbetznpvc ) [ midlands ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vb4mknmqwma ) [ wales ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jiv0qz-k9p4 ) [ scotland ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvk4nh-hbky ) [ south west ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fuopurwj79y ) [ london ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4fry6j6ld7k ) [ northern ireland ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wuejrsmrx0c ) and loads in between - they change every 10 miles or less . 
  so learnt and learned are homophones in your accent ? 
  that confused me so much , asked for water in the us when i was there , didnt get anywhere until i asked for wadder . 
  it 's probably an age thing . 
  you might but i have never heard that before . 
  bloody old bastards . 
  well i would n't pass the checks so technically , i do n't have the freedom to do so but we both know what we mean !, 
  it depends , for every freedom to , you do n't have a freedom from . 
  for example , i do n't have the freedom to purchase a firearm , but i am free from ever incurring a medical bill . 
  i do n't have the freedom to become my head of state but i have the freedom to drink a bottle of wine during a picnic in a park . 
  that sort of thing . 
  manual - autos are for old people or people who cant drive properly . 
  in the uk there are imperial and ucl too which are very highly rated ( both top ten ) . 
  of course not . 
  of course , why would n't they be ? 
  i dont think we have an alt-right , we just have old fashioned right wing nutjobs . 
  the burden of proof is on the person making the claims . 
  it 's rumoured that led zeppelin played to over 200,000 in the [ 70s at knebworth ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zsbb1tow5cm ) . 
  i do n't know any church going christians , there are not many of them about any more . 
  live in london and cycle in , takes an hour but its great exercise . 
  outside of work i spend time playing music and singing .
