  never use cups , almost everyone cooks in metric . 
  [ here ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_troubles ) is a good start, 
  i do n't live there , it would be inappropriate for me to even think about answering that . 
  that 's a question that has a lot of baggage , it varies from person to person and trying to apply one answer to it has cost a lot of lives . 
  our deputy prime minister in the uk a little while ago was [ fluent in dutch ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vzmmh1geau ) . 
  work, 
  without the us backing israel the land dispute will solve itself . 
  have you seen a map of the area pre 1948 ? 
  it 's not the palestinians who need to go anywhere . 
  i like america and some americans but you are so different culturally . 
  if we leave the eu we will unfortunately be dragging the jocks with us into our stupid new world . 
  it would definitely be ireland . 
  we have some shared history , not all of it very good but whenever i go there it always feel that i understand the place and get the culture in a way that i do n't get with other english speaking countries . 
  shotgun for shooting clay pigeons once and an air rifle too . 
  did n't see the appeal personally . 
  french or irish for me . 
  if that is all it takes to think someone 's a cunt your cunt meter need re-calibrating , try not to take things that seriously . 
  it not being a requirement is how it works . 
  try being more intelligent in the future . 
  there is no requirement to carry id , we do not live in a police state yet . 
  that 's wikipedia though . 
  do you have a dictionary definition ? 
  yes , not fluent but good enough . 
  your definition is wrong because you are using wikipedia , that is the problem , there is a definitive definition , that 's exactly what a dictionary is for . 
  do you have a link to an online dictionary in your native language that disagrees with the oed one provided ? 
  there is your problem then . 
  wikipedia is not reliable as a dictionary . 
  thats not a definition i have ever heard before . 
  the usual definition is the ending of the pregnancy whilst the baby is in the uterus . 
  [ here ] ( https://en.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/abortion ) is the standard english definition , the definition can not be time bound , society may wish to however . 
  what 's your definition of abortion ? 
  i know and the reasons they do n't are not religious are they ? 
  i would n't support an abortion of a healthy baby at 39 weeks as at that stage of development it really is no different to killing it after it was born and i feel that the parents should have thought about it earlier . 
  there are legitimate non-religious reasons for not supporting abortion for all reasons . 
  my dad and a few friends . 
  ubiquitous - literally never been into a kitchen without one . 
  i know you use cups but those are hopelessly arbitrary, 
  0 % - this is an american issue , we didnt have a vote , they did . 
  johnny appleseed sounds like a porn name . 
  heard of dave crockett - seem to associate him with frontier stuff and a hat with a tail on it ? 
  no heard of any of the others . 
  never need to visit a bank , all done online . 
  grocery shopping/drug store all ordered online and delivered . 
  cycle to work every day . 
  everything else is public transport or cab . 
  the us banking system really is decades behind . 
  no chip and pin , inter bank transfers cost and take days , contactless cards , still using cheques . 
  i know sports are n't as important in europe as they are in the us what do you mean by this ? 
  the buildings were tall but i have lived in london all my life so huge cities are not a novelty . 
  would n't move there if offered the chance . 
  you have too many deal breakers . 
  guns , no healthcare , idiot politicians , too much religion . 
  it 's a great place to visit but great to leave too . 
  scotland and ni did n't get a vote , the uk did . 
  if you used your argument , london should remain as that is a bigger population than all of them put together and that voted to remain . 
  nasal and whiny . 
  i did n't define the ` us ' admittedly , but i certainly did n't mean the entire continent of europe , i will be more careful in future , thanks . 
  i never claim to speak for anyone else . 
  it 's all about scale . 
  this discussion has been interesting but it 's getting late and it 's not getting either of us anywhere . 
  have a nice evening . 
  they cant both be a really big deal , that 's my point . 
  the blitz lasted 8 months and killed 50000 civilians , that 's a biggish deal but still expected during war . 
  as much as you do n't want to hear it , 9/11 is not a big deal . 
  because you have nothing to contextualise it against . 
  my country has hundreds and hundreds of incidents over it 's history where there has been untold suffering on its land caused by foreign invaders/aggressors . 
  look at [ this ] ( http://bombsight.org/#11/51.4681/-0.0347 ) . 
  this map shows the bombs that fell on london over an 8 month period . 
  the people of london lived through this without complaining , current terrorist attacks are pinpricks compared to this . 
  we have context , you dont , that 's why it 's a big deal to you and not us . 
  no-one is trying to diminish the sense of loss that anyone felt , it 's just that you have to understand why it 's perceived differently here . 
  yes , they were just another terrorist attack , nothing special about them . 
  all very sad but not a big deal . 
  because the ira was the only terrorism we were dealing with of course ... 
  you did n't get much terrorism at all . 
  the ok bombing was awful but the unabomber killed 3 people over 20 years , that hardly counts !, 
  the ira had detonated 4 bombs in london in 2001 alone prior to september . 
  i can completely see why it 's shocking to the us to be a target , but it was n't shocking for the rest of us , it was only a matter of when not if . 
  the manner of it and the death toll were very different but the reaction to it was completely insane . 
  it was shocking , we watched the pictures and then laughed when the jokes started flying around ( sms jokes were big then ) . 
  a lot of brits died in the towers so it 's one of the bigger loses of british life in a terrorist incident , but terrorism is n't something that we have never seen before . 
  i think the us tends to make such a big deal of it as you do n't really get much terrorism there and it shocks you . 
  / r/unitedkingdom is shit . 
  i unsubbed there when some idiots were arguing against something i know to be true and there is no way they could have known it to be , its mainly fools and i try not to involve myself in places with that high a concentration of fools . 
  that 's just for american tourists . 
  i have 3 bicycles , my wife has a car . 
  i use one of the bikes every day and i drive a couple of times a week . 
  poland - was n't sure what to expect as we were going somewhere very small near rzeszow but the people were very hospitable , the vodka was excellent and we had a great time . 
  london 2 . 
  british 3 . 
  nothern european, 
  you can build status in other ways , if you want status . 
  people ! = countries . 
  also , there have not been people in the americas as long as they have been in europe , it took about 8000 years longer for people to reach the american continent than it did for europe to be populated . 
  you only have comparatively young countries , how much history do you have ? 
  in the uk we have trips to hill forts which are about 3000 years old , all of that and everything up until now should be taught but lots of left out already , we cant leave any more out to teach us history . 
  no , the game is called billiards . 
  i believe that it is known outside of the uk as [ english billiards ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/english_billiards ) but as it was invented here we dont bother calling it english . 
  the table you showed looks a lot smaller than a billiard table here , a snooker table is used which is 356.9 cm by 177.8 cm . 
  in the uk billiards is a completely separate game to pool .
