  iceland is n't in the north sea either . 
  is what an american thing ? 
  you do realise op asked this in the middle of the night for a lot of us . 
  to answer it - the cheeses he listed are all basics that most people would have ( except parmesan ` from a shaker ' whatever that is ) . 
  i do n't know what american cheese is though , i googled it and got [ this ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=american+cheese&amp;safe=off&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewju4jtk7pbkahxka5okhsfiaouq_auibygb&amp;biw=1680&amp;bih=925 ) - is that accurate ? 
  my own favourites are gorgonzola , roquefort , caerphilly and cheddar . 
  roquefort is illegal in the us - its a real shame . 
  but they call them tshirts - they dont call them shirts . 
  t-shirt being a default is what i was aiming for , possibly clumsily !, 
  the thing that always throws me is that the us refers to a tshirt as a shirt and a shirt as a button up shirt . 
  so when you say you are wearing a shirt - you mean a t-shirt . 
  the main difference i find is that people over in europe know how to size their clothes better ( or choose to wear fitted clothes ) so there is a much smaller number of people wearing baggy tshirts and trousers . 
  [ wales ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=am4milykg9s ) by a mile . 
  something to do with the us war with the british ... he was an american general maybe ? 
  your job is not everything , you have to take time to enjoy life and smell the roses . 
  maybe because you have almost no job security in the us you feel like that ? 
  i have never felt anything close to what you describe . 
  it 's slow and boring . 
  too much stopping and starting . 
  we need a head of state just like all other countries , we choose not to make it a politician . 
  to say she is like the kardashians is mind bogglingly stupid and speaks volumes about you . 
  she is a figurehead for the uk . 
  she travels the country meeting people , entertains foreign heads of state , various bits like that . 
  a bit like the president of germany . 
  i ca n't think of anyone we could elect who would not be devisive , the queen is less divisive than any other option . 
  she is head of state . 
  it 's mainly ceremonial but we require one as the office of pm is n't it . 
  if we removed the monarchy we would need a president , which most people do n't want here . 
  this one is a little more complex . 
  there is a legal entity in the uk called the crown which is responsible for a lot of the financing and management of the royal families estates and assets ( including land ) . 
  so for example , the queen lives in buckingham palace and windsor castle , these are both technically her property but they are all managed by the govt and all profits go to the uk treasury . 
  this means that yes , the royal family does get everything paid for by taxes but their huge property , land and art holdings are all generating revenue for the state which exceeds their cost . 
  she is also a functioning head of state which means that she is still working at 89 . 
  they do not by any stretch get a free pass for life , they have a lot of staff and property ( which is theirs anyway ) but they work hard . 
  there is legitimate debate about the extent to which the minor royals receive state money but i dont know enough about the figures to be able to comment . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhyygnhhkfw ) might help . 
  good for them , does n't obviously stop them from talking rubbish about stuff they know little about though does it ? 
  i think you should get better news sources and more intelligent relatives . 
  i can insult who i want on twitter [ here ] ( http://www.very-lols.com/2014/05/26-creative-ways-to-insult-david.html ) are some tweets to the uk pm , david cameron . 
  calling him a liar and insulting him . 
  where are you hearing this sort of shit from out of interest ? 
  i am fairly positive that the first 5 are not true at all across any western european countries ( i know they are definitely not true in the uk ) , they sound like something that a fox news anchor would make up . 
  for your 5th point , in the uk at least - if the allegations are made in court then you have no recourse , however the usual slander and libel laws apply if you make the allegations outside of course , as i imagine they would in most countries . 
  the press are given details of speeches , certain details and content will be embargoed until after the speech but a lot of it is due to the fact that what is going to be discussed in parliament and what bills are due to be discussed is timetabled . 
  press will be called into the relevant ministry and briefed . 
  [ parliament.uk ] ( http://www.parliament.uk/ ) is a good source of what is happening . 
  the press will ask for some details of bills and govt provides . 
  none of it is secret , i would be worried if bills were coming up in parliament that we did n't know about . 
  try / r/samplesize, 
  it was the capital p in pissing that really upset me . 
  try capitalising the right words - for some reason that really pisses me off seeing what you did . 
  admittedly i am not in paris or rome , if you come to london though , that would really piss me off . 
  korean wo n't do you a lot of good , french and spanish at a rudimentary level means you really only can look at the uk and ireland . 
  do n't hold your breath but good luck . 
  leearn about time zones first  . 
  which languages do you speak ? 
  you ca n't come here and just work , you have to have a working visa for the country that you wish to work in . 
  there is a uk job shortage list [ here ] ( http://www.visabureau.com/uk/shortage-occupations-list.aspx#healthcare ) . 
  not sure what other countries are like but the eu is an internal market which is very tough to break . 
  also try / r/iwantout . 
  the big difference is that we understand that to keep the guns out of the hands of the irresponsible idiots we have to deny the responsible too . 
  the country in general is happy with this . 
  i ca n't remember where i heard this but it was something along the lines of if you want to own a gun you are exactly the sort of person who should n't have any access to one . 
  i had a cold , sour ipa - was not impressed . 
  it 's like a hops arms race . 
  i guess i am too used to drinking a decent pint of ale . 
  it 's ok , i am used to being ancient by reddit standards . 
  i fuckin love you mate , i mean than . 
  when they died it became slightly trickier . 
  some bits might apply to scotland and wales but not many . 
  kids and wife only . 
  unless drunk then anyone . 
  how old is high school ? 
  you have a bit of a persecution complex !, 
  i was n't attacking you at all , i was just asking questions . 
  why would some guys bankrupt companies in a different continent make news over here ? 
  where do you get your idea that europe is mostly liberal ? 
  why do you think we would have heard of him ? 
  lethal burglaries are so uncommon they are national news here that is obviously one part of the difference . 
  your super high crime rate will make you want to attack anyone to prevent them doing the same . 
  here i would just let them take the tv . 
  it 's insured and they probably need it more than me . 
  why would you want to engage someone burgling your house and beat them into unconsciousness . 
  why not just let them take your tv ? 
  how many violent burglaries do you think occur ? 
  did you go to swindon or hemel hempstead for the magic roundabout ? 
  why ? 
  i do n't know anyone who believes in god . 
  grace is not at all common in europe , i have never said it or heard it said . 
  being taught unwavering loyalty to your country is textbook brainwashing and creepy as fuck . 
  never heard of it - what is it about ? 
  it is probably not aired here . 
  we do n't get the same tv as the us - we do make our own . 
  there are no fun ways to do that journey , do it fast or do it cheap , you cant do both . 
  where is your place to stay ? 
  definitely - might be worth improving your english before even thinking about another language , 
  try / r/favors, 
  where do you think ed sheeran is from ? 
  [ appropriate ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sstafpkqbpa ), 
  do n't order irish car bombs over here , firstly most do n't know what they are and there is also the possibility that you might upset some people .
