haha . 
  duly noted . 
  you win this round !, 
  not really . 
  he just made the signs that point to the people * sharing * their illicit goods . 
   now i 'm just getting pedantic , sorry . 
  haha !, 
  maybe i just want to stage a fabulous wedding for them and post to r/aww . 
   i am glad that gays , animals and feminists have all the rights you could think of i do n't even know where to begin on that . 
  equal marriage is n't universal and gay people still suffer persecution in many countries . 
  there 's still a massive pay gap between the genders , with women also treated like second class citizens in many countries , albeit not so much in europe . 
  and animals ... erm ... well , they do n't have many * rights * , as far as i 'm aware . 
  edit : i say this as a feminist man , with many gay friends and relatives , but sadly no pets :(, 
  not really . 
  he just opened a market that allowed people to share their * illicit * goods . 
  according to whom ? 
  well warn me before you do . 
  and then maybe direct your fire towards your own ukip and bnp supporters back home . 
   in europe - diarrhea with blood and foam my stomach has been acting up lately . 
  damn you putin !!, 
   the same way the olympics are about politics instead of sports ? 
  yes , it 's inevitable that every high-profile international event will always be reactionary to the current happenings of the world , political or not . 
  that does n't mean it 's about those things . 
  although i agree with you on this , when politics does occasionally feature in international events , be they sports or other , [ it can have a very positive impact . 
  ] ( http://www.bet.com/content/dam/betcom/images/2012/07/sports/072712-sports-olympics-moments-tommie-smith-john-carlos-black-power-salute.jpg ), 
  eastern europe was saved from the nazis , by the soviets . 
  that the soviets then hung around for half a century is another matter . 
  you 're right that it 's simplistic propaganda , but taken in that specific context , he 's right . 
  weak stuff ?!, 
  that 's mostly true actually , but pot-still whiskies blow everything else away . 
   whiskey sucks !, 
  he clearly has n't tried [ redbreast 12 . 
  ] ( http://www.singlepotstill.com/redbreast/verify ), 
  agreed . 
  i assume he 'll be released without charge . 
  the evidence in this case is from the boston tapes , in which former ira members , brendan hughes and dolours price accused adams of ordering mcconville 's murder . 
  sinn fein contend , correctly , that they both saw the peace process as a betrayal of the republican movement and threatened to destroy sinn fein . 
  the case depends on how reliable both witness statements are considered to be . 
  personally , i completely believe that adams was in the ira . 
  whether he was involve in mcconville 's murder is another matter , as both hughes and price made no secret of their dislike of sinn fein , adams and the peace process . 
  as someone from northern ireland , i can inform you that it 's not quite that bad . 
  the riots of last year were situated in mainly isolated pockets of belfast . 
  our politicians , particularly the lunatic right-wing dup , are indeed basket cases , but then other lunatic parties like the bnp and ukip get no mileage here , as opposed to england . 
  we certainly have our problems , but then they can all be traced directly to partition and the mistreatment of a large section of the population . 
  edit : rather that simply downvoting , can you give me another viewpoint , or let me know what exactly you disagree with ? 
  afterall , i only replied to a comment labelling an entire region of people a `` basketcase '' . 
  judging from your comment history , you tend to troll quite often . 
  either that , or you 're just genuinely an idiot . 
  there is no apartheid . 
  there may have been , decades ago , but we 've long moved past that . 
  source : i 'm from northern ireland . 
  yes . 
  blocking people from having a say on their own future would be anti-democratic . 
  if the will exists for a referendum to occur , then it should take place . 
  the money belonging the private individuals who made said investments . 
  it 's completely separate from retail savings . 
  this being why the imf was in favour of the irish government letting them fail , rather than bail them out with taxpayers money . 
  currently looking . 
  i thought it was in krugman 's nyt blog . 
  anyway , retail savings are obviously cheaper than the cost of commercial investments . 
  the government could have guaranteed civilian savings at a fraction of the cost . 
  i see . 
  i could n't work out whether you were an idiot , or a troll . 
  now i see you 're both . 
  exactly right . 
  u/grundons ' misconception is unfortunately a common one , that i even regularly come across here at home , and on r/ireland . 
  it 's also one perpetuated by our politicians and media all too often , in order to lend legitimacy to the austere policies coming out of leinster house . 
  this was private debt and should never have been foisted onto irish citizens , who had nothing to do with it . 
  so , how many women have you had sex with ? 
  are you a virgin , or , as you put it , `` defiled '' ? 
  what are his views on women ? 
  you did n't choose greatness , but greatness has been thrust upon you . 
  be the hero you were born to be !, 
  people really did jump to conclusions . 
  thanks for updating me on the documentation . 
  i wanted to avoid the story until the results were released , but the comments on here and other threads pissed me off a bit . 
  what a horrible shit storm this all was . 
  certainly , there would need to be an investigation into why they removed her from her parents custody in the first place , subjecting the family to a terrible ordeal . 
  obviously , the girl being blonde haired and blue eyed is not a valid reason . 
  did they bother to ask for a birth certificate , family photos , or any other proof that would have at least shown a family history before ripping a young girl from her parents ? 
  or did they just make an assumption because they were roma ? 
  agreed . 
  i 've found the reaction by a lot of the media , as well as people on here , to be worryingly prejudiced . 
  if the results show that she is their daughter , then a family would have been subjected to a horrendous ordeal for no other reasons than them being gypsies and the daughter being blonde . 
  of course , if they are guilty , i hope they get the punishment they deserve , and that this helps to tackle the widespread problem of people trafficking . 
  the prejudice shown throughout this thread is pretty disgusting . 
  whatever the background and outcome of this case may be , using it to slander an entire section of the community is incredibly narrow minded and , in some cases here , quite racist . 
  by all means , say what you like about the individuals , but do n't generalise the people as a whole . 
  as i 'm sure you 're aware , i merely pointed out what he/she meant . 
  be pedantic if you want . 
  ex-british soldiers , as in ex-soldiers who are british . 
  nobody wants hormone-treated beef . 
  france were quite right to ban it . 
  [ fully referenced version ] ( http://www.monbiot.com/2013/07/01/robber-barons/ ), 
  i was n't aware of that . 
  could you provide a link to the poll ? 
  the term `` left wing '' can mean quite a lot of things , from sandinistas to new labour and their claims to be a `` center-left '' party . 
  it 's all very murky and subjective . 
  that 's why i do n't ( and did n't ) mention left or right wing . 
  what i did say was that the scottish have a much more social-democratic outlook than england .
