they are excempt from the parts of the maastricht treaty concerning asylum . 
  hence this decision does not apply to them at all . 
  germany should follow the rules we have agreed upon . 
  normally germany are very good at this . 
  and if you 're an unskilled bangladeshi maid they will in the majority of cases take your passport and never allow you to leave , making you effectively a slave . 
  they should register for asylum in the first member state they arrive in . 
  period . 
  just a matter of proper logistics flow . 
  how do you think prisoner transports work ? 
  the thing with a nation is that they can simply choose to ignore what the echr says , should they wish . 
   the reality , though , is that as long as the libyan authorities refuse to grant eu ships permission to patrol libyan territorial waters in their efforts to combat smugglers , the surge of migrants heading for europe will not abate . 
  what libyan authorities ? 
  the country is not coherent nor functional . 
  eu ships should patrol their waters in self defense regardless of what the libyans might think of it . 
  such is life, 
   we do n't really have citizens who do n't speak swedish so why would we need such a statistic ? 
  you must not talk to a lot of immigrants . 
  i talk to immigrants daily , many do not speak more than a few words of swedish , yet are citizens . 
  they are so uncomfortably cheerful all of the time . 
  only weird people shop at lidl . 
  sweden will pay for it . 
  we always pay for everything anyway . 
  yes blue and red is n't in the same league as last here for you from last year . 
  maraaya had more character , manuella is just very generic . 
  but you 're probably right , we need to make sure we only wall in the really awful songs . 
  normally that spot is reserved by the uk but they seem to have lost their marbles and is sending something rather good this year . 
  do n't know what 's come over them . 
  can confirm . 
  please send help . 
  yeah i know . 
  but i do n't think many would get it if i said `` vb '' . 
  also i kind of forget australia does n't look like [ i think it does ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pfyxthcqf3i&amp;ab_channel=themelover ) anymore . 
  they have drop bears at tiergarten sch\u00f6nbrunn . 
  ooh i do like the cream pies . 
  mainly because it does n't work . 
  look at finland . 
  i find it really weird that there are places in europe where you * do n't * have identification cards !, 
  in sweden i literally ca n't make use of any public service without stating my personal identity number . 
  do n't worry australia will build a wall around the slovenian green room too . 
  not to mention we have them to thank for foster 's and the concept of speech . 
  oooh hey if we 're doing wars again we could send sabaton !, 
  statens medier\u00e5d is a government agency subordinate to the [ ministry of culture . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ministry_of_culture_%28sweden%29?wprov=sfla1 ), 
  were working on it ( and when i say working on it i mean we 've put a committee on it who will prepare a report about what we should do that will probably be ready in a few years when a new government have taken office and declared that a new committee needs to be established to reach a better conclusion than the first committee would and/or did do because it was appointed by the old government ) . 
  so we 're not really doing anything except singing `` we shall overcome '' . 
  they churn out their propaganda in english , spanish , chinese and japanese in addition to korean . 
  north korea only refers to itself as korea or the dprk , never as north korea . 
  they do however refer to the south at times , always with a lower case 's ' . 
  now that you mentioned it i 've seen people call it `` amerikas f\u00f6renade stater '' but never the acronym afs . 
  the producer need to prove their products are safe . 
  simple . 
  if they ca n't , we should n't allow their product on our food . 
  first syrian astronaut !, 
  sure you can . 
  it 's 2015 . 
  cameras . 
  if intrusion is detected , send resources to it . 
  on second thought let 's not go to sligo , ` tis a shelly place . 
  if we have the same definition of the city proper no they will never in their lifes be able to live in stockholm city , but that does n't stop them from moving to the outskirts . 
  we have some nice ghettos out there . 
  are we talking about / u/zyllber ? 
  nah he 's a mod of / r/europes which is some obscure sub read by 700 people, 
  definately not . 
  yes . 
  welcome to sweden , the world capital of pc . 
  we could just cut off their benefits and pay 0 % instead . 
  that 's some ducking nice tents !, 
  yep , citti kiel for example . 
  swedish beer that we bring back for a fraction of the price in sweden . 
  heavy duty vibrators !, 
  remember the danes are happy all of the time so making them * extra * happy is hard . 
  they do , but storbritannien is long and awkward to say . 
  it 's like how we refer to the netherlands as holland . 
  might be technically incorrect but close enough . 
  yes that 's what i was getting at , obviously the most brilliant scientists will often go to the place where they get the most funding . 
  you 're bundling * real * nobel laureates ( scientists ) with the political peace price awardees . 
  now i want to know how much 100 brazilion brazilian dollars is in real [ money ], 
  not 100 % on the specifics regarding the building , but i 've heard the old monopoly financed the installation of their equipment and infrastructure in the building on the promise the building owner would offer their services for 40 years . 
  technically we as tenants are not * required * to have any contract with the isp , we could have mobile broadband , but since that sucks we kind of have to since it 's the only fixed internet access available . 
  no law exists yet that say you are entitled to x amount of fixed internet providers in the house i 'm afraid . 
  as for the assymetric speeds , i think it 's a legacy from the large scale introduction of broadband in sweden via adsl , people got user to having different up and down speeds . 
  literally hitler, 
  yes , german porn would put the sausages in and out of her mouth one at a time in an orderly manner . 
  the house across the street has fiber so they get a bunch of operators offering 100/10 for ~ $ 25 but my building is stuck on some 40 year contract with the former national monopoly so i do n't . 
  data caps on fixed connections are unheard of tho . 
  equivalent of $ 38 for 100 mbps cable ( yes , coaxial cable ) for me here in sweden . 
  i think i 'm on the higher end of the price scale , due to the building being a monopoly of 1 provider . 
  upshot is i actually get 120 mbps speeds . 
  a country called coke would be pretty sweet, 
  bikes in swedish cities are terrifying because of the riders on them , all of which are blazing ahead at max speed at all times without any notion of how traffic works . 
  last week i saw a girl on a bike coming out from a small side street into the path of a bus , while wearing headphones and with her eyes firmly fixed on her phone . 
  she continued on without ever realizing how close she came to immediate death . 
  213 cm , that 's a big gorilla, 
  * what is it they call you ? 
  gervant ? 
  come to kenya we 've got lions !, 
  haha i can just imagine future digital archeologists digging through that . 
  # 7 will blow their mind . 
  d'ya like dags ? 
  arabic scholar * ahmad ibn fadl\u0101n ibn al-abb\u0101s ibn r\u0101\u0161id ibn hamm\u0101d * was n't too impressed with the * rus * ( vikings ) hygiene , but also wrote that they combed their hair daily .
