  but if there 's no roi , why should it ? 
  in essence that is the very fabric that makes a nation . 
  it 's a collective of people with common characteristics that controls a specific territory and work together to help each other and improve the situation for it 's populace . 
  a nations primary concern is it 's own citizens , not others . 
  honestly the aliens probably have a higher chance to join than turkey does . 
  biased broadcasting corporation, 
  please , no more !, 
  we shall create a new union of herring loving nations centered around the dutch-swedish axis !, 
  me too thanks, 
  [ it was pretty neat . 
  ] ( http://images.nationalgeographic.com/wpf/media-live/photos/000/267/cache/eyjafjallajokull-volcano-lightning-iceland_26742_990x742.jpg ), 
  on iceland it 's the volcano . 
  or so our swedish broadcaster tell us . 
  especially when you fold it !, 
  luxemburg has very special situation , it 's a founder of the eu , luxemburg city is one of the thee official capitals of the european union and it has a very strong financial sector . 
  and when in prison they should be kicked in the nuts for the duration of their stay . 
  woah , turkey to be invaded by an army of undead armenians !, 
  i 'd watch that . 
  unless you ask turkey because according to them they totally are . 
  no carb, 
  hey look a guy who gets it !, 
  do we already have a fence in place ? 
  we do n't trust goats in general . 
  thanks , yeah we 're working on it . 
  some of us at least . 
  they do cost money as in sweden even people hiding from deportation have the right to health care , and the health care system is n't required to report these people to the police when they show up . 
  welcome to sweden , we 're a naive bunch . 
  sources ( in swedish ) : https://www.1177.se/vastra-gotaland/regler-och-rattigheter/vard-i-sverige-om-man-ar-asylsokande/?ar=true http://mgjuridik.se/faq/papperslos/, 
  swedish policy . 
  our whole system is based on the notion that people will do as they are told . 
  obviously that 's no longer the case and our system needs to be amended accordingly . 
  if you get sentenced to jail for instance , you 're not taken there directly , you 're sent a letter telling you to report to jail in ( for example ) two months time . 
  source in swedish http://www.domstol.se/brott--straff/foljder-av-brott/fangelse/, 
  as you should be . 
  our laws are way too lax , but after friday we can expect this to be rectified in the not too distant future . 
  my main issue with our way of handling private schools is that the government still foots the bill . 
  for obvious reasons , no other country in the world does this . 
  hence our tax money is funding crazies and their backwards ass schools . 
  primarily religious schools should be banned and second private schools should be paid out of your own pocket . 
  except our ruling politicians will `` forget '' about this after the weekend and then be completely flabbergasted when they loose the next election . 
  was going to say , first thing we all should do to protest turkey is not to fly turkish . 
  they take pride in their airline so it will sting quite a lot . 
  it 's also a very good airline , but fuck them . 
  fetchez la vache !, 
  oddly enough if you ask the spanish [ wikipedia ] it was built in 961 . 
  not nearly as nice and probably wrong . 
  even more impressive when you consider the chapel was built in 969 . 
  or when they came across new animals and named them after the closest they could think of , which almost always tended to be horses . 
  in more recent times , i wonder how the people ( actually a committee ) who named the swedish beetle * bl\u00e5b\u00e4rsb\u00e4rfis * put it together . 
  literally means blueberry berry fart . 
  do n't forget the rare bapelsin-variety, 
  question is how many people ( voters ) will actually be upset though . 
  i 'm betting it 's a far lower number than many current european governments think . 
  they check that numbers add up , which is easily done by a computer . 
  the swedish foundation for strategic research have conducted a study on the likelihood of jobs being automated in the future and they foresee an 89.3 % chance of accountants jobs being completely automated in 20 years time . 
  accounting assistants have it worse , 97 % . 
  if you want a job very unlikely to be taken over by a computer , become a priest , 0.8 % . 
  a moose standing next to the road is like a suicidal person next to train tracks . 
  we are all good points on this blessed day, 
  to tipperary !, 
  i had 52 this july here in sweden . 
  then i noticed the thermometer probe had fallen down and rested on the metal window sill . 
  nah that 's fine as long as it 's cooked through, 
  how do you even do that ? 
  then you should thank the greeks , why would anyone want to enter the eurozone ? 
  that 's giving away your toolbox . 
  the eurozone is a project of ideology over economics . 
  it okay , nobody can make out what they are saying anyway, 
  well there 's your mistake right there . 
  100 % wage , 100 % tax , 100 % happiness, 
  the battlefield 1 school of history, 
  no comprende, 
  the stigma of stasi still hangs over germany in that regard . 
  they were a little too good at the whole registry thing . 
  i 've outsourced that to google myself , it keeps track of where i go , asks me to take photos , and after a few days it sometimes asks me ( like a trick question ) if i visited place x and when ( even when it plainly knows the answer ) . 
  google mail + google maps + google rewards = literally stasi ( save the whole abduction in a bread van thing ), 
  the head of the church is female , arch bishop antje jackelen . 
  good for them , less visitors to mosques is a good thing all around in my book . 
  i went to germany , it was really nice but it reminded me of the edge protocols existence . 
  also ads for phone carriers in germany made one think that it was medieval times , i think that pink t ( telekom ? ), 
  asked $ 35 for a subscription with 1 gb data . 
  from oregon to south dakota underwater toilet quota driving in an old toyota systematic frog, 
  where are they going after 2018 \u00bf, 
  they do a limited edition must which is aged and flavored with a secret ingredient each year . 
  comes in a champagne bottle . 
  the theme transports me back to friday evenings after school , in the sofa , eating candy . 
  also , from what i remember back then they shot the exterior views of the fort towards the sea , so it appeared to be out in the middle of nowhere . 
  i was a little bummed out when i grew up and discovered it is like quite close to shore and the water is n't even very deep . 
  also to horrify ourselves we can listen to the germans , who for some reason , made their own theme . 
  it 's [ awful ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9afheaoxo9o&amp;ab_channel=stephan1869 ) . 
  it 's a rally call for the opposition mostly , gives them something to gather on . 
  * pisswasser , this is beer *, 
  fun fact : portugals entry for the 1974 contest was used as the first signal to start the revolution against the estado novo regime . 
  france withdrew from the 1974 contest after the death of their president , who 's funeral was held the same day . 
  clearly !, 
  yup . 
  and they slowly creep into georgia too without anyone doing much to stop it . 
  of course it 's objectively wrong on the part of russia , but thats what happens when the balance of power is uneven . 
  the balance of power between europe and it 's north african neighbours is similarly unbalanced , and european nations could choose to exploit that fact accordingly should they so desire . 
  to be fair it 's not like the countries in question could put up much resistance if one went down that path .
