  wonder when they picked up bathing . 
   ibn fadlan describes the rus as `` perfect physical specimens '' and the hygiene of the r\u016bsiyyah as disgusting ( while also noting with some astonishment that they comb their hair every day ) and considers them vulgar and unsophisticated . 
  maybe, 
  to be fair it was a pretty demanding customer . 
  we often think that as well . 
  those 7 billion 2 $ coins will have a mass of 59 500 tonnes , which is a little over what the titanic had . 
  coins are heavy . 
  why would anyone ban nutella ? 
  eesti is definitely who wants to be finlands boyfriend the most . 
  agree completely . 
  hence the british calls for a patch . 
  yes it 's allowed in norway , they are not an eu-member state . 
  it 's smokeless tobacco . 
  significantly safer than cigarettes but the cigarette lobby got to the eu first . 
  yes , it 's sale is forbidden in eu-member states other than sweden . 
  sweden has a permanent exemption written into the treaty of accession . 
  they could of course leave the schengen , but if i was swiss i 'd look at a map first ... 
  seems all the sensible left-wingers went to slovakia !, 
  nicer rocket launchers ? 
  lock him up in isolation . 
  there are n't any in denmark . 
  but go across the bridge and there are several in every city . 
  yep , more or less the same as well . 
  and france i wager too , back in the 80 's when front national gained momentum . 
  germany is behind the curve , but i bet you the exact same will play out there as well . 
  people here said the same to dismiss sd 's policies a few years ago . 
  i 'm betting same was said in austria about fp\u00d6 . 
  does n't work . 
  fp\u00d6 candidate nearly became president and sd is [ polling around 17-24 % ] ( http://novus.se/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/e3f6f45aae7b74765060dd2c6164b1eb.xls ) in june polls . 
  why not ? 
  interview paints her in a reasonably favourable light i think , given that it 's the guardian . 
  i see clear correlations with how afd is portrayed in germany now and how the sweden democrats were portrayed in sweden a few years back . 
  * media and the already established parties put them in the brown camp and hoped ignoring them would make them go away . 
  * \u00c5kesson ( sweden democrat leader ) like frauke working to keep more extremist voices from saying stupid things ( which is a two pronged sword as the interview mentions , headlines get people 's attention and can be used to float test balloons ) . 
  * afd/sd gathering enough public support that media _ have _ to talk to them . 
  next in line for germany seems to be this part : * established parties continue ignoring them in the hopes they will go away - failing to adress the points they raise - leading to afd gathering even more support . 
  it also prevented many family owned businesses from staying in the family , they had to pay more tax than the business made and hence the inheritants had to sell for cheap . 
  one of the core reasons why it 's a bad idea and it was abolished . 
  nah , it 's an ongoing process . 
  denmark foots the bill and sets the economic - , foreign - and defence policy . 
  greenland is an autonomous part of denmark . 
  damn that 's loud and prolonged . 
  but cool how they wind up !, 
  our swedish ones just make one [ noise like this ] ( https://youtu.be/3r9tj6s9rti?t=35s ) . 
  they 'll take a sample of your blood to test if you wo n't / ca n't make the breathalyzer , but yes the assesment if you are impared or not is up to the officer at the scene . 
  vehicles may not be operated by anyone suffering sickness , fatigue , effects of alcohol , other stimulants or anaesthetics or that for other reasons are unable to operate the vehicle in a reassuring manner . 
  good news everyone !, 
  and i expect nothing less than 23 hours of isolation per day . 
  this guy should not have interactions with anyone . 
  just define how a burka looks like in the law . 
  easy . 
  yet . 
  stay cheeki breeki my friend !, 
  well to where they state that they came from in the first place . 
  if they do not wish to tell , then they can spend that time in a cell until they remember . 
  looking at you kolya !, 
  stay cheeki breeki, 
  ah , so we should make it worse ? 
  why ? 
  ridiculous . 
  nah we get lidl here , and after over a decade they still have n't been able to compete with local chains . 
  they are n't cheap and offer lousy sevice , so people do n't go there . 
  what i am saying is that anyone is free to try and make a better product than google , and people have many options to choose from if they do not want to use google . 
  google just happens to provide the * best * service for * free * and that 's why people use them . 
  whatever the people in brussels come up with will not change that . 
  google is n't taking over anything . 
  there is no competition that can match their services , services that they provide for free . 
  they are not some obscure german warehouse . 
  ah the ignorance of young people . 
  i remember when google launched . 
  we had used altavista for * years * . 
  i take it you do n't remember altavista either ? 
  it was all the rage , everybody used it . 
  then this new alternative pops up , a simple white page with a logo in cartoonish letters and a search field . 
  unlike altavista , which by this time was quite heavy to load on a dial up modem and riddled with ads , the google plage simply said `` google '' . 
  and it did what altavista did , only better . 
  and it has continued being better than the competition ever since . 
  simply best product . 
  people have plenty of other options , yahoo , bing , duckduckgo , lycos , ask , dogpile . 
  people * choose * to use google because they * want * to . 
  literally never heard of wonga or badoo . 
  soundcloud is obvious from the name what they do . 
   bing and duckduckgo are both excellent alternatives for google . 
  err , no , they are n't . 
  have you even tried using them ? 
  today i want to buy a jacket , and so i 'm thinking of going to stadium , which is a retail chain that sells sportswears and jackets . 
  i wonder what time they are open today . 
  * if i google stadium , i get the closest stadium store to me and todays opening hours . 
  * if i bing stadium , i get the corporate website for the retail chain ( okay , but not as helpful ) . 
  * if i duckduckgo stadium , it shows the wikipedia article for the ancient greek measuring unit . 
  google is the best service because it knows me and all other of it 's users so well that it can show personalized results that are relevant to their users . 
   in europe , google has been at over 90 % of search engine share for years now . 
  because they have the best service . 
  the eu can try all they want , people will not start using alternatives until they are better . 
  most languages have replaced the word for `` searching the internet '' with googling , simply because that is what you do when you actually want to * find * something on the internet . 
  yeah !, 
  i 'm sipping high quality rum and watching a military coup on live tv , good times !, 
  actually the foreign assistance money is being mostly reallocated to dealing with the asylum seekers that showed up at our doorstep , so thanks to them developing nations will get less money . 
  as for the idea behind giving money to developing countries when one can afford to , that is of course that they will develop , which is good for trade , and hence can give an roi down the line . 
  sure , a nation can choose to spend x amount on anything it wants .
