wow . 
  must have watched a different game bruh, 
  i 've never seen a secondary commit as many acts of thuggery as the seahawks did . 
  i ca n't believe the refs refused to call a single one, 
  where you at now bitch ?? 
  thanks y-you too  _ <, 
  still waiting hoe, 
  nothing ? 
  jus a bad angle maybe ? 
  shit was jokes, 
  lying ?? 
  ? on the internet !!!!!!!, 
  what a rare thing !, 
  it 's a joke post mane . 
  sorry for this dishonesty i guess, 
  fanks bae, 
  you were wrong fyi, 
  whats it like being wrong dude . 
  why you hating on my celebration thread, 
  someone 's in damage control . 
  i never posted this before ? 
  really dude ? 
  this is the best you could come up with ? 
  this is the epitome of your intelligence ? 
  you mean you actually typed that out , and then said : `` yup , i 'm posting this . 
  i do n't know why you even posted here if you were n't open to criticism , but i can see this hit you hard . 
  you caught me in good time so i 'll make it up to you with the comment you wanted from me :, 
  i have been staring at your profile picture speechless and in awe for the past hour or so . 
  that deep gaze in your eyes , your perfect smile , all of your features just seem to all come together so well , almost an ... gelical in a sense i suppose . 
  the reason i am writing this is to let you know that i think i have found the most beautiful woman to grace us with her presence on our planet , and i am of course talking about you . 
  i know this might mean absolutely nothing to you , and you probably get many of these types of messages on / r/rateme and in real life too but please understand that i am being as genuine as ever when i say that you are the ultimate dictionary definition of perfection , and i hope that one day god can bestow me with a woman as beautiful as you , i would be forever grateful, 
  i hope that this message finds you well , i do not care if i get a response to this , i am just simply stating the obvious and had to let you know how i really felt . . 
  edit : pls respond, 
  after a rigorously briefing my self with an overview of your profile , i wanted to let you know i have already married and divorced you in my mind . 
  i 'm in the same situation and i happen to work at the mall and found a way to make it work . 
  you have no excuses not to innovate and find a similar way to workout that fits your daily life and maybe you could do my routine :, 
  i usually go to the bathroom and use the stall, 
  for disabled people . 
  put some paper towels on, 
  the ground and do some push-ups . 
  then do, 
  some isometric exercises like push against the, 
  wall . 
  also put your hands on the toilet seat and, 
  do some dips . 
  when you come out of the, 
  bathroom try and keep pumped by staying, 
  active and flexing your muscles every once in a, 
  while , covertly . 
  good luck, 
  thank you so much . 
  awesome pics . 
  great size . 
  look thick . 
  tight . 
  keep us all posted on your continued progress with any new progress pics or vid clips . 
  show us what you got man . 
  wan na see how freakn ' huge , solid , thick and tight you can get . 
  thanks for the motivation . 
  i would swim the amazon river with 45lbs dumbbells tied to my scrotum and rosie o'donnell on my back spitting gravy in my face just to have the chance to share a spaghetti dinner with you on a webcam with a dialup connection . 
  pennsylvania has had a longstanding dispute with maryland about the southern border of the province and lancaster county . 
  nine years of armed clashes accompanied the maryland-pennsylvania boundary dispute , has led to countless deaths to both sides . 
  many people talk about the israeli occupation of palestian lands , but to me this unjust occupation is more of tragedy and we all know that this occupation led to the infamous cresap 's war . 
  in which we saw the unfortunate passings of maryland 's own samuel ogle . 
  a man who will be truly missed . 
  frustrated ? 
  wan na change the world ? 
  [ whitehouse petition ] ( https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/end-unfair-pennsylvania-occupation-maryland-clay/hltlb5hd ), 
  damn right, 
  no , tyrone . 
  kind of weird that you guys immediately resort to joking around ... especially since none of you have been able to refute what i am saying . 
  if you do n't agree with the facts i have presented here , that 's fine . 
  we are all adults . 
  but you wo n't shut down this important debate by simply taking it as some sort of sick joke . 
  here are the facts :, 
  dan carlin has numerous connections to bezos through audible.com and the amazon search window . 
  audible gives dan money for his podcasts . 
  dan is unwilling to disclose the amount he recieves from audible , and often dodges the issue . 
  dan 's listener payment model is extremely opaque . 
  he will not disclose how much monthly income he recieve via donations and he has not opened up his financial statements to anyone . 
  occasionally , he will claim that an anonymous listener ( bezos ) has paid for an entire episode . 
  once again , we never learn the identity of these heroic donors . 
  no one sees the problem with a supposedly `` independent '' media figure recieving untold amounts from a large corporation with a vested interest in the status quo . 
  look , if dan wants to be a spokesperson for amazon , then he should certainly pursue this career path . 
  but he should lay all his cards on the table and be above board about where his loyalty lies . 
  you can not be an advocate for change in your recording room and then be a corporate shill in your bank account . 
  this is the equivalent of ralph nader being head of public relations for general motors . 
  sorry dan , you ca n't have it both ways . 
  as terrifying as this prospect may seem , he will have to pick a side if you want to retain any sort of credibility . 
  we all make mistakes , dan is not alone . 
  it was a mistake for me to ever look to him as a moral voice . 
  i ca n't ever trust or respect him again , but its possibly that he has still managed to con some of the other members of this subreddit into believing his sincerity . 
  in light of these developments , he will have to work hard to keep his listenership . 
  if he wants to keep their meager donations and download numbers , he will have to wrest his podcast from the clutches of amazon . 
  it wo n't be easy . 
  money is a strong narcotic and he is the most risible of addicts . 
  we must confront dan . 
  we all know how the policy of appeasement worked with hitler , do you really want to roll the dice with dan ? 
  ( reuters ) - in 1945 a group of brave maverick americans broke through the axis lines and dashed to berlin , where the soviets were unable to make any breakthrough . 
  the american special forces however slipped through and defeated even the most high ranking ss forces due to superior training and discipline .
