  after which they took the reichstag against all odds and raised the american flag . 
  the soviets were very grateful and due to the distraction the americans caused were able to advance , however soon their gratitude changed into bitter jealousy and thus they altered the picture to make it appear like it was a soviet flag they were placing . 
  interesting stuff , eh ? 
  satire is hit or miss , i suppose, 
  do n't you find it very telling that dan has not addressed any of the points i ever made ? 
  he just sent his barely-literate it lackey to try and intimidate me . 
  my theory is that dan is simply biding his time , and waiting for bezos to offer him a job at the washington post . 
  he would drop this podcast in a moment 's notice ( probably even mid-series ) , take all of our donations , and hightail it a better paying establishment media position . 
  that is the kind of personhe is . 
  dan always talks about his protest days in college particularly those that involve america 's latin america policies . 
  i have no doubt that dan was at the protest , but he was probably operating a banana stand filled with united fruit company produce . 
  that 's typical dan though , denouncing imperialism while still getting a payoff . 
  dan does n't believe in anything at this point , mainly because beliefs and values get in the way of his ravenous appetite for money . 
  i 'm no hero , i 'm just looking out for my friends on / r/dancarlin . 
  sadly , i 'm starting to see who my real friends are . 
  the real heroes are podcasters who tirelessly create content without taking their marching orders from online shopping websites . 
  every morning before work , i refresh the dancarlin page to see if any new podcasts are released . 
  i do n't know why i do it anymore . 
  why would i waste hours of my day tuning into a podcast that i know is run by a greedy pathological liar ? 
  maybe its because part of me thinks that one day dan will rise to the occasion and take the golden amazon syringe out of his arm . 
  would the withdrawals hurt ? 
  sure . 
  but in the end , he would become more than a podcaster . 
  he would become a symbol for hope . 
  be a man dan !, 
  do n't be the man amazon wants you to be . 
  be the hero this subreddit needs !, 
  its all hands on deck now mr. carlin , and if we are going to win against corruption we need everyone to toe the line . 
  i hope this message gets to dan before the amazon moderators ( / u/cambriapagan ) try to delete my post from here . 
  this sums it up for pretty much 90 % of the sub . 
  most of us are working 2-3 jobs just trying to afford the game , its respective dlc , and equipment to * even * launch it . 
  then you have guys like ` the self-proclaimed 1 % er ' / u/riekopo flaunting about how bored he is with the game ... smh, 
  good to know the hardships that the working class suffers under amuses you . 
  you make it seem like everybody has $ 60 to shell out for a video game and another $ 60 for dlc , and then the 500 or so needed for a comp . 
  to run the game decently . 
  then again , why am i justifying myself to you ? 
  name calling ? 
  not surprising for a person of your caliber to resort to that . . 
  another pic , extremely telling of your fanbase in a whole : http://i.imgur.com/zanucq9.jpg, 
   dennis veteri , who is ** accused ** of an assault after flyers-rangers game in philadelphia . 
  lets not jump to conclusions , kiddo, 
  he dont have same opinion as me . 
  he must gots some weird sex fetish , right boys ? 
  typical new yorker . . ca n't even speak english, 
  not a cuckold . 
  i have n't even talked to her since this happened . 
  i 'm never answering her calls or dms agains . 
  i meant dms on twitter, 
  you guys are all pricks, 
  do people do not get really drunk and slutty wheere you are from ? 
  why the heck are all of you so mean , im real upset at my life right now and you guys are helpin much, 
  no shes from france , imfrom uk, 
  not a redpiller , just had a real bad experience and i dont mean all women by that, 
  she was/is my first gf ever, 
  i know that now :( , thanks for the support bro, 
  i havent offically broken up with her yet , she keeps calling and texting me still ; but i havent answered . 
  not sure what to say, 
  i wont you slag, 
  i hate it how could anyone likethis, 
  you are so horrible , your going to make some poor guy make same self post as me , huh ? 
  slags arethe worst . 
  i hate websites with extreme political bias . 
  making money by polarizing the american people is disgusting . 
  stalin 5 ' 6 '', 
  louis xiv 5 ' 5 '' ( wore high heeled shoes to hide his shortness ), 
  attila the hun height unknown , but described as short and squat by priscus, 
  putin 5 ' 5 '', 
  for years dan has blasted on about the political machinations of bloated special interest groups . 
  he rightly points out that when unchecked , these institutions extend their tentacles into government policy usually leading to malignant developments for all of us . 
  his critique of msnbc and fox is also spot-on . 
  yet dan is far more connected to the power structure he blasts than he lets on . 
  curiously , dan has happily plugged audible in podcast after podcast , and collectively spent hours of airtime mentioning the amazon search window on his website . 
  dancarlin.com and audible.com are quite similar . 
  both specialize in spoken word entertainment , and both are owned by amazon . 
  while audible was bought by amazon in 2008 , it is unclear when dan sold his soul . 
  it is my belief that dan was an amapawn from the get go . 
  if you spend hours listening to both his podcasts ( as i do ) , you will see many disturbing patterns emerge . 
  dan will always encourage viewers to support his show through donations , yet he has admitted that his knowledgeable industry friends did not believe his voluntary payment model would work . 
  they were right . 
  it is simpy not possible that dan has achieved self sufficiency through the pocket change of his viewers . 
  the truth is right in front of our noses . 
  for years amazon has given dan truckloads of money . 
  they have infiltrated the new media , by buying out `` independent '' voices . 
  recorded history spans thousands of years , yet most of dan 's podcasts tie into world war ii and ancient rome . 
  why is this ? 
  follow the books . 
  each year hundreds of new books are released about rome and wwii . 
  these books frequently make the bestseller list of amazon . 
  keep in mind , dan gets 10 % of the profits from the amazon searchbar , so it would make sense for him to suggest popular books . 
  dan 's corporate sponsorship has basically robbed us of learning about lesser known episodes of history . 
  if you have read this far , you are probably thinking : `` okay / u/dirtymikey , you have proven beyond a reasonable doubt that dan 's hardcore history podcast is completely bought out and ethically bankrupt and i will no longer listen to it . 
  but dan makes two podcasts , and just because one is bereft of integrity and quality does n't mean i ca n't listen to common sense . '', 
  i wish it were that simple . 
  sadly , for the reasons above , we can no longer enjoy common sense because it is also fruit from the tree sprayed with corporate pesticide . 
  dan eagerly brought up the fact that jeff bezos bought the washington post . 
  curiously , he was not remotely concerned about the conflict of interest that takes place when a large company takes on the role of the fourth estate . 
  by a show of hands , how many people would want bp covering the gulf of mexico oil spill ? 
  what about bank of america delivering profound muckraking coverage of the robo-signing scandal ? 
  i can no longer rely on dan carlin for objective analysis of news , because he has his hand in far too many pockets . 
  he has released almost 300 common sense podcasts , and not a single one of them has ever said anything critical about amazon .
