well , we are 50 % effective right now ... 
  if you can not give a sound reason , anti-discrimination laws kick in . 
  the tournament , of course , is n't illegal , and will be held in the way it is , but the promoter can ( or at least should ) get into trouble with justice for it . 
  the government needs to pass a new law to handle all this , as the constitution mandates . 
  they will surely extend immunity to former kings to avoid prosecution . 
  the king is abdicating today to try to establish felipe as king now that he can . 
  given the results of the last elections , it 's possible that the next government elections will result on a majority of republic supporters on the parliament . 
  juan carlos could n't abdicate before because of all the scandals involving him and his family would have hurt felipe 's image too much to establish a stable reign . 
  there should be a weekly thread in which everyone is forced to ignore this new guideline . 
   and the reason gold is not ( used for ) money anymore is greed and war ; it 's all a scam that 's exactly why . 
  if someone starts hoarding finite money , there 's less money in circulation for everyone else . 
  given time , money will be worth more and more , because productivity always rises with technology . 
  and since the hoarders took away part of the money , it 's even worth more . 
  what happens is that the hoarders have more purchasing power , even though they did nothing with that money . 
  inflation is needed to counteract this . 
  inflation is nothing more than putting an expiration date on money . 
  now , the problem lies in that there 's no laws that explain money creation and destruction . 
  it 's all empirical evidence , that tends to work until it does n't . 
  i 'm afraid that 's a whole different problem , 
  it 's the assets and commodities that are finite , and economy should deal with that . 
  money right now is nothing more than numbers , as the bank of england document describes . 
  this means it should be dealt with in a different way . 
  money is an infinite resource . 
  bitcoin solves some problems by being a finite resource , but that turns it into a commodity . 
  it can not be money for the same reasons gold is n't money anymore . 
  what we need is a way to police an infinite resource . 
  interesting problem , this one . 
  buy tickets to alhambra in advance , it 's an absolute must-see . 
  the bars serve tapas with every drink you order ( usually a `` ca\u00f1a '' , a small-ish glass of beer ) , it is always great to eat in this way if you do n't mind to end up a little bit drunk . 
  be prepared to walk a lot in albaic\u00edn , but do n't worry , it 's worth it . 
  there are some regular flamenco shows . 
  the cathedral is nice , if you can stomach giving money to one of the most retrograde bishops in spain . 
  granada is a tourist-friendly city , but remember , this is spain and you are n't spanish , so do n't expect anyone outside the tourism business to speak anything other than spanish , and do not trust anyone unless you can blend perfectly with the locals . 
  inside and outside , or strong and weak , or giver and taker ... who knows . 
  and about the economic affairs , the problem i see is that we 're stuck in a half-assed monetary union that took away important tools that countries have to govern themselves . 
  a famous spanish politician predicted this situation 20 years ago , he said a monetary union was n't sustainable without a fiscal and banking union . 
  well , he was right . 
  of course , all rules are n't silly , and the gdp debt rule you reference is an example of a good one that got ignored because of bullshit diplomatic and political reasons . 
  by two sets of rules i mean that , even now , it is n't too late to govern all economic affairs in the eu with one set of rules . 
  but if groups of countries keep diverging from each other , we 'll need different rules and laws for each group in order to bring us back . 
  that would work , but the damage to the very concept of an european union would be terrible . 
  agreed . 
  i was trying to point out that there are some silly rules out there , in the sense that countries that ignored them ended up better than countries that tried to follow them ( spain adjusted heavily and ended up with budget surplus for a few years , at the cost of a huge loss of personal purchasing power ) . 
  there are some silly rules now too , in the sense that they are hurting some countries a lot . 
  those rules should be changed before it 's too late and we need two sets of rules . 
  the funny thing about budget deficit is that germany and france never complied with the 3 % rule , while lots of other countries adjusted . 
  that feel when i realize i live in a timed dictatorship :( ( not because of this , but because of the government 's general `` we only care about ourselves '' attitude ), 
  a tax on empty homes that increases each year that the house remains empty would fix some of the problems . 
  they are a resource , and so they must be put to work for the good of the country . 
  what 's sad is , even if some parties have more corruption cases than others , the answer tends to be always the same : deny everything and hide . 
  that 's the key point . 
  it 's not illegal if you document all the payments and pay taxes , but legal things can also be completely disgusting and corrupt . 
  this said , the main theory says that the payments came from illegal bribes and that all of this was illegal from beginning to end . 
  the problem is how money is assigned . 
  the current goverment assigns a small budget on purpose . 
  we have to be honest and end that practice . 
  that means increasing the budget , in order to end extraordinary spending . 
  i 'm with you on this . 
  too much intervention and too much red tape . 
  and i really think podemos would be the best company-friendly option , because 80 % of spain 's workforce work in small companies . 
  spain 's current problem , as you say , is that people do n't have enough money to spend on things , moving the economy up . 
  there 's a proven solution to this problem ( keynesian economics ) , but that goes against current european dogma . 
  if podemos goes into government , there will be a clash between europe and spain . 
  it will not be a full confrontation , because psoe would be there , but europe can not afford more internal confrontations . 
  brexit , france , poland , turkey , greece , and then spain on top ... it 's too much . 
  europe will yield , or it may break apart . 
  the free market approach has been tried , it has already done what it can . 
  also , remember that pp has intervened in the market a lot in behalf of big companies and banks . 
  pp put a lot of public money onto some sectors like banking , energy and automobiles . 
  it has also regulated some sectors in ludicrous ways . 
  think of the de facto ban on personal solar energy . 
  a ban on solar energy , in m ` fuckin spain , of all places . 
  this is in my opinion the most important graph : http://i.imgur.com/8uogl4x.jpg it shows how pp leads because of old rural people . 
  it also shows the great generational gap of spain . 
  people born after franco are much more left-leaning than those born before . 
  there are lots of small details in the latest poll . 
  one of the things it shows is that podemos is the most voted party for every age range up to 50 years old . 
  at the same time , pp is by far the favorite option of people over 65 . 
  the current lead of pp is only due to old people votes . 
  spain 's current and next generations are definitely left-leaning . 
  this is not a phenomenon of young people being leftists and turning to the right when they get older , this drift has been happening for a lot of years . 
  and 15m has brought the youngsters back into politics . 
  this is why podemos has so much power . 
  as for why , it 's easy . 
  pp 's roots are in the dictatorship , and the higher ranks are completely corrupt . 
  ciudadanos had a lot of mass media support as a new , `` moderate '' alternative both to pp ( because they are mostly clean ) and podemos ( because they are new , but not left-leaning ) . 
  the truth is ciudadanos ' current size has been due to an artificial growth , and during the last months there have been lots of little stains in the places they have power ( supporting corrupt regional governments , disbanding of the party in some cities and regions , promising contradictory things , things like that ) . 
  psoe has a history of promising things but not fulfilling them , and their highest ranks are dark and full of terrors too ( a former spanish prime minister has been found talking to a dictator in behalf of a shady friend and his oil company ) . 
  this leaves podemos as the only sensible vote option for lots of people . 
  add some government promises lots of people want , like : * a ) more taxes for people earning over 100k $ * b ) intervention in the energy sector * c ) no more tax schemes for big companies that cut effective taxes in half * d ) no more extraordinary spending in defense * e ) a lot more judges , and * f ) no more people having to leave because their country offers them no options to stay . 
  it 's not about wanting more socialism . 
  it 's about wanting some . 
  the only solution is changing the rules of the game . 
  we ( as in all eu ) are fucked , some countries sooner , some later , as long as economic powers dictate actions . 
  no , we only borrowed the money a little earlier . 
  by april we had 60 % of the money needed . 
  but future debt auctions are critical , we need them to pay interests on current debt . 
  because there is an easier option . 
  spanish government takes over bankrupt regions , fixes them , then gives autonomy again . 
  obviously this would cause serious social unrest .
