in pepsi places in spain they serve kas, 
  never heard of it . 
  imo it should have been la casera , everyone drinks that . 
  i ca n't say i have ever heard someone make that argument , you maybe be confusing necessary conditions with sufficient ones when people make the argument . 
  while i somewhat agree , our point is that being religious most times inserts a degree of evilness in most governments . 
  not that being religious is evil , but when applied to a government it means that the decisions they take are to a certain degree based on religion , which in many cases results in evil policies , or at the very least , exclusionary policies . 
  so it 's not that secular governments are automatically good , it 's not a sufficient condition , but a necessary one , if the government is religious , then it 's probably bad to some degree . 
  and again , i do n't mean that religious people can not be good rulers , but that if they base their policies on their religion , then they are bad . 
  the communists did n't do what they did because they were atheists , the rabid catholics do what they do because they are catholics , that 's the difference . 
  one is a symptom , the other a cause . 
  that 's only because nato has a strong hold on the gibraltar strait thanks to both the uk and spain . 
  if it did n't then it would be very much interested in it . 
  yeah . 
  also some judiones before the pig to make sure you wo n't get up from the seat until 6pm like a good spaniard . 
  there are many restaurants like that one in segovia and they all make the best pork you 'll ever eat . 
  so tender you can cut it with a plate . 
  edit : damn now i want some . 
  yeah the top part has a different composition , i was talking about the structure . 
  did you eat baby pig ? 
  not misleading , it 's all stones on top of stones and that 's it . 
  that 's the beauty of it . 
  the us government actually spends more tax money on healthcare than most other countries that have universal healthcare . 
  significantly more . 
  and to that you have to add what people pay out of their pockets . 
  source : http://www.oecd.org/els/health-systems/health-expenditure.htm if you scroll down in data , the `` health expenditure '' tab will let you compare 2 different countries . 
  you wan na look at the second graph which shows public health expenditure , on the left as percentage of gdp and on the right as total per capita ( ppp ) , you will see that the us is the 3rd highest in that last metric, 
  spanish politics and american politics have absolutely nothing in common . 
  that just goes to show how much you know about politics in general . 
  would n't be surprised if that was the reason , sometimes i forget about the 10 % moron population . 
  i 'm surprised spain is n't in the 90 % range, 
  but you do n't need to blow up the pipes , all you need to do is not pay . 
  in 2 days nato can probably take down the entire russian infrastructure , what 's your point mr. putin ? 
  can confirm , i do n't go out . 
  it 's like that in spain too , but you do n't see as many nice cars because people do n't care which car the taxi is , you just get the first one you find , i would say the trend is to get hybrid cars to save gas , so you see a lot of prius . 
  i am 100 % european and i could n't give less shits about retaining one 's cultural and national identity as long as that means less nationalism . 
  do n't assume that just because you have an opinion on the matter it 's the same as everyone 's . 
  i would n't call once every 2 decades `` on a regular basis '', 
  actually all the time . 
  and no , it 's not a circular argument because that was not my argument , just something to illustrate it . 
  sure , nuclear plants sprout out of the earth like flowers , no bulldozers required there . 
  and seriously , i ca n't believe how many mental gymnastics are people willing to practice to convince themselves that nuclear waste is not a problem . 
  just look at all the plants of radioactive waste , all the drama every time one has to be built , etc. 
  you ca n't possibly think that nuclear waste is a non-issue and that nuclear energy is actually cleaner than solar or wind and if you do , as i said earlier , you are delusional . 
  yeah but obviously i 'm not just talking about co2 emissions , i 'm taking the nuclear waste into consideration as well ( primarily , actually ), 
  i am saying that solar/wind produce less harmful waste than nuclear . 
  do you know anything about it ? 
  i recommend you go check the requirements to build a radioactive waste plant and all the safety procedures , etc. 
  they did n't stop but they are extremely slow and they 've had several hiatuses , there is also a big problem in that the building requires another block that is currently occupied by apartments and they would have to be expropriated . 
  i 'm not saying solar and wind are 100 % clean , i 'm saying nuclear is definitely dirtier . 
  also , constructing a nuclear plant is not `` carbon negative '' either . 
  thanks for clearing that up , if you think radioactive waste is `` incredibly easy to contain and store '' you are definitely delusional . 
  if you think all that you said is less clean than radioactive waste , you are probably delusional . 
  it 's definitely not the cleanest . 
  see wind or solar just for a few examples of a cleaner method . 
  it 's technically still in construction ( i 'm guessing you are referring to the sagrada familia ), 
  oh god ... 
  people actually say that ? 
  yeah , add to that all the non spanish nationalists, 
  republicans encompass a lot of different ideologies , all the communists , anti-capitalists , anarchists , etc are republicans but not all republicans ( or even the majority ) are in those groups , but they are the most vocal . 
  i 'd say the majority of spaniards would prefer not to have a king but they do n't care enough to cause a revolution , but the minority that do care enough are the ones that you usually see in protests with a republican flag etc. 
  monarchy means not having a panic button . 
  yeah but in this case , due to the censorship , this cover has been broadcasted in the news in tv . 
  i 'm quite sure it was n't necessary , pretty much all the powerful people in spain support the monarchy especially right wing media conglomerates like rba . 
  the magazine itself approved it but it just so happens that this magazine is owned by a large media corporation called rba , which has a very different editorial line , and it was them who censored the cover . 
  because they are the ones benefited by the king and all the contacts he provides . 
  the monarchy is a tool for powerful people to obtain contacts around the world , nothing more . 
  well if you really knew who franco was you would have known that he would never have advocated for democracy , it 's as if someone had talked about a person freeing jews from concentration camps and you asked `` who , hitler ? '', 
  the king , obviously, 
  well , when the two options are treating people like they are people or treating them like invaders , those two labels sound fair to me . 
  in my country ( spain ) that is not the case . 
  i ca n't think of a single party that advocates violence openly , since they would be banned . 
  i 'm saying that they should offer it to madrid instead of london , madrid has 80 % of the infrastructure complete and we were the runners up in the vote . 
  that 's not fair , here we are , after trying 3 years and with most infrastructure complete and they offer it to london ? 
  come on !, 
  sadly , that is true . 
  well , the newly appointed chief of the navy just committed treason , so , not good . 
  i agree , that 's why we should have intervened in syria as soon as it was clear that assad was killing his own people , and not let it bleed out like it is doing right now . 
  it is an example of why we should have intervened , not the opposite like you said . 
  after reading some of the comments i see that most of you are citing europe 's dependance on russian gas to be the reason for the eu 's inoperance , of course it would be a great time for spain to be tough on the russians since we do n't get russian gas ( we use algerian gas ) , but once more the spanish government shows its incompetence and overall lack of will toward events that will not benefit them personally . 
  really ? 
  come on guys , if spain can have a carrier so should you ... 
  tell that to the thousands that are dying in syria . 
  i agree with you , the eu must move forward and be united in something more than regulations , subsidies and economics . 
  fucking cowards, 
  who shot and why ? 
  well i hope it was from la fageda at least, 
  you could have paid 0 $ if you lived in europe ... 
  you clearly have n't been following the news in spain , or else you would know about g\u00fcrtel and b\u00e1rcenas . 
  this happened in a right leaning one . 
  i would n't call those figures unexpected . 
  at least not for those who do n't drink the german kool-aid, 
  spanish here . 
  when i was a child sweden was mainly known for its exhuberant blondes aka `` suecas '' . 
  also `` pretending to be swedish '' is an idiom in spanish for `` pretending to not be aware of things around you '', 
  that 's better . 
  hit the nail right on the head !, 
  i did . 
  i wanted to see the olympics and that was my best chance . 
  so think twice before you say `` absolutely no one '', 
  according to our politicians , yes .
