  he is the one that after the collapse of the ottoman empire created the turk modern state . 
  yeah but where is the line ? 
  since where the line is will always be subjective and prone to abuse it 's better in my opinion to not have a line . 
  yet they defend the principles that irrevocably drive countries to those type of societies . 
  same in spain , in addition they make exiting the church extra complicated so that you are discouraged , that way they keep their numbers up and have more sway when pressuring the government . 
  is n't jpl a part of nasa , therefore civilian ? 
  ceuta and melilla were always part of the crown since the reconquista , they are as spanish as seville is . 
  gibraltar was given to the uk 300 years ago as payment for ending a war . 
  not really the same thing . 
  well , we 'll gladly take them back if they want to go back to the eu in the event of brexit . 
  yup , i can remember that as if it was today . 
  i 'd rather have to change the clock everytime i go abroad than have to live 1 hour early every day . 
  yes, 
  it 's the nazis fault . 
  and if it bugs you imagine how much it bugs me . 
  right now dusk is at about 21:00 , so yeah, 
  same on tve, 
  the netherlands is 1 per 100k , while the us is 4 per 100k in 2013 . 
  50 % of those was committed by whites , so 2 per 100k , still more than the netherlands . 
  i do n't know , i 've been to idaho and passed through boise and the population was really sparse , compared to spanish cities . 
  but yeah , i was just making a joke . 
  well when it 's hard to bump into another human being it 's also hard to find a reason to kill them . 
  even if you only account for the other half you still have way more than europe . 
  i do n't think that 's accurate for spain . 
  yeah i was surprised at that . 
  the only thing that we have that connects us to russia is that we receive a sizable amount of wealthy russian tourists and that russian mobsters launder their money in the southeast of spain . 
  we also export vegetables , etc so maybe the trade embargoes that putin set up affect some of our farmers . 
  though after looking at other leaders ' numbers i 'm seeing that we give them all a very low rating , i think we just usually give very low ratings to leaders , starting with our own . 
  there is not a single leader from any party in spain right now with a positive approval rating . 
  holy shit we hate everyone except obama , consistently high hate towards everyone else . 
  did not expect that, 
  i think he was trying to make a joke, 
  shit article , he 's not a refugee . 
  yeah black market is certainly a factor but if you look at the numbers there has been practically no new employment created . 
  unemployment has gone down mainly thanks to emigration , people stopping to look for a job and the rise of part time jobs, 
  they 'd rather the daesh have it rather than the ypg . 
  says everything you need to know really . 
  not to mention the fact that it is a very important place for the daesh because it allows them to get resources from turkey while the only use the ypg have is to deny it from the daesh . 
  i agree with you . 
  plan e was just an example of a poorly executed expenditure program . 
  and if you do n't believe it look at zapatero 's plan e after the crash of 2008, 
  yeah , we call it pelotazo and sadly that 's the only way people in my country are able to make money . 
  that 's the problem we have , the productive model is fucked , but that has nothing to do with spending more than you have and has a lot to do with being able to plan ahead and spend what you spend on good investments instead of wasting it on useless infrastructure . 
  i 'm talking about the beginning of the crisis . 
  of course now it has skyrocketed because our economy has stagnated for 7 years , thanks to the austerity measures . 
  in fact in the years 2005-2006 we had a budget surplus . 
  spain has nothing to do with greece in this matter , our public debt was very low compared to other countries in europe , public debt had nothing to do with spain 's crisis in the beginning . 
  that just shows you are just spitting out talking points without knowing what you are talking about . 
  yes , we all know that forcing someone to `` fix the budget '' magically makes deficits zero . 
  not true . 
  when you buy debt you get an interest . 
  you are incurring a risk , the higher the risk , the higher the reward . 
  that risk means that there is a chance you are not getting paid back . 
  if greece is to come out of the hole it 's in it needs to not pay some of the debt . 
  that has been done countless times before , this is nothing new , including war reparations by germany which were mostly pardoned . 
  well yeah it 's much better now than 10 years ago but still we have one of the most expensive internet services in europe, 
  if you go to sweden prices are about half of those for fiber . 
  what you think is reasonable is actually quite expensive outside of spain . 
  nah , england is too tiny and has no resources , swap russia for canada !, 
  similar climate , they are the 2 biggest countries ... and let the americans deal with putin while canadeu thrives . 
  we are already paying for half of europe 's internet . 
  our prices are significantly higher due to the former telefonica monopoly . 
  in spain we lost all pretensions of being an empire after we lost cuba in 1898 . 
  i think it 's people going hiking and doing mountain activities . 
  `` in southern europe it just means going out . '', 
  no , it does n't lol , maybe if you are 10 and even then , how is going to the park to play football different than a grownup going to the gym ? 
  in spain there is a significant amount of people who jog , hike , play football , etc , it 's not just `` walking in the street '' as you seem to imply . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3kuas9qxqq spanish journalist removed the hijab in the middle of an interview to ahmadineyad, 
  kinda like an extreme version of those that say valencian is a different language from catalan . 
  `` combined '' but that 's the point tusk is making , if we are not united the russians ( or chinese or americans ) will get us . 
  we produce a lot of it , even export to the rest of europe . 
  it 's the cheap place to send your kids to learn english . 
  yes, 
  i would actually say you are the most mentioned country when the topic of `` which country should we copy more ? '', 
  comes up . 
  nah that 's only the gypsies, 
  yeah i can read portuguese fairly well but the pronunciation ... it 's hard to understand . 
  well i suppose it depends on which area of each city we are talking about , but in general sant cugat is a bit more expensive when it comes to cost of living , not just housing . 
  true that, 
  pozuelo definitely has better connection to madrid than sant cugat to bcn ( since you do n't have to go through a mountain ) but it 's not bad at all imo , and sant cugat has plenty of things to do so you do n't have to go down to the city that often . 
  that 's surprising since sant cugat is one of the best places to live in spain . 
  they already are, 
  also a diagram of how sensitive a dick is, 
  the development funds are nothing compared to what would be needed to bring east europe to the levels of germany for example . 
  that 'll never happen because rich europe does n't want to pay for the development of poor europe . 
  see : debt crisis . 
  also kaliningrad ... 
  same in spain, 
  except instead go to spain because it 's better in every way . 
  because it 's wrong on every level, 
  same, 
  same with spain ... 
  i think we might be onto something here ... 
  that 's the worrying part , if this is june , what 's gon na happen in july/august ? 
  cordoba is the worst big city for heat in all of spain . 
  why live, 
  same for us , except for madrid . 
  i spend my time between bcn and madrid , i wan na die in both places tbh . 
  if you think that 's bad think about this : school is still going on , and most do n't have money for ac . 
  anyone from the north of the pyrenees really,
