  now you start to understand our situation , do n't you ? 
  well , what i meant is that it did n't matter whether they gave us the olympics or not , most of the money has been already spent and we are fucked anyway , the problem was presenting the bidding , not winning it . 
  i do n't think you understand what i am trying to say ... 
  this was going to be be in 7 years , if we have n't recovered by then i do n't see much difference ( we would be fucked anyway ) . 
  besides , most of the money is already spent , them not giving it to us means we have wasted all that money . 
  i expected them to give it to tokyo , but it makes me sad cause that was my only chance of going to see the olympics live if they did it in madrid ( unless something crazy happens in my life later on ), 
  you mean 28 years ago ( counting from 2020 ) while japan had it in 98 ( winter olympics in nagano ), 
  i have the steam version of most of those games and none of them are censored , bought most of them directly through steam too , so i do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  i know what you mean , what i said is that i live in europe ( spain ) and those games are n't censored here , so what i 'm asking is where exactly is it censored outside of germany ? 
  i live in spain and we do n't get the nazi symbols censored , i was n't aware this was a problem outside of germany, 
  i know of it thanks to ensiferum, 
  so , what putin is trying to do ? 
  yeah , not surprising when the russian government treats russian immigrants like a trojan horse, 
  france mostly, 
  i 'm hoping my atheism and lack of faith in humanity will protect me . 
  [ wikipedia ] ( https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/ramos_%28apellido%29 ), 
  holy shit due to this map i googled the etymology of my surname ( ramos ) . 
  turns out it 's from convert jews in spain 500 years ago , they changed their surname netzer or nezari to ramos because that was the meaning in spanish of their previous surname , which also means `` from nazareth '' . 
  my name is jes\u00fas . 
  tfw your name is literally jesus from nazareth . 
  serbia has to have people cross through them because they are in the middle , no other way to reach schengen territory but to cross non-schengen since bulgaria and romania are not . 
  croatia was n't used as a route up until hungary started gassing people and jailing them . 
  same with romania . 
  if the eu becomes weaker , nato will become weaker as a result . 
  a strong eu means a strong nato . 
  hungary is not doing zero . 
  they are beating them up and gassing them . 
  that 's less than zero . 
  honestly they should be expelled from schengen , that way they will probably receive less immigrants in their way to germany and is n't that what they want ? 
  fuck hungary . 
  well you should know about people from stormfront since you are clearly one of them, 
  except that 's not true . 
  at least in spain . 
  to be honest if you are leftist and pro-russia , you need to read up on current affairs . 
  only old people, 
  i know , and what i 'm saying is that there are many countries where that does n't happen , even when marihuana is illegal . 
  well if greece treats it like spain there is n't a `` war on drugs '' like in the us , nobody goes to prison for possession of a small amount . 
  i guess it 's a bit like iowa with corn ? 
  it 's 4-5 euro for a liter of good quality oil here at the supermarket ( virgen extra ) . 
  if you go to ja\u00e9n there are many producers that sell big jugs of it quite cheaper directly to people , so some people just get some of those when they pass through the zone . 
  yeah , the only reason not to use olive oil with everything is the price . 
  same but the other way around in spain :p, 
  yeah , it 's big news if it snows and an event to remember if it actually stays on the ground !, 
  well the `` mosquito tigre '' plague originated in sant cugat - i would know - you should be thankful that you still have n't seen any . 
  well cities by the coast are cooler in the summer , i would say marbella in august is probably around 35, 
  you do n't want to go to spain now . 
  in case you have n't noticed , spain is hot . 
  very hot . 
  in central and southern spain we reach these temps every year . 
  in c\u00f3rdoba i think they were having something like 43 these days , not unheard of . 
  i 'm currently in madrid and my only cooling device is a fan , i do n't recommend it to anyone . 
  british and scandinavian retirees have already been doing that for years , if you do n't believe me come to eastern spain . 
  to all the germans , after all these years coming to the spanish heat during summer , now that the heat has come to you you complain ? 
  yeah , and most of the time you have to pay unemployed people too , even if it 's not that much . 
  if you want to get your country out of a pit of misery you need growth measures , it 's what has always worked , austerity never works to get out of economic crises . 
  now look at the unemployment rate of greece . 
  there are tons of people without employment and you are forcing people to keep working for longer ? 
  how does that make any sense ? 
  especially when younger workers are more productive ? 
   even more left wing lol do you even know what you are talking about ? 
  the ones that cooked the books were the right wing party now imagine that you live in a country where some assholes ruling it have brought it to ruin and now the only way to `` solve it '' is by fucking you over 4 times , and the fuckers that caused all this got home scot free . 
  and also it turns out that measures that are supposed to be `` the only way '' do not work at all and only serve to bring the country into a worse ruinous state than it is already . 
  except cooking the books actually means doing it in secret , nobody knew they had hidden 10 % deficit to get into the euro until it was too late . 
  except the people who cooked the books are not the same ones that are being asked to starve to death . 
  or even the ones that being asked to starve their citizens to death . 
  also onu sounds better than nu, 
  not a chance , the circumstances are totally different . 
  yeah , it 's equally bad both ways , but what the part that affects us europeans is the one i described . 
  well , that 's the kind of bullshit i 'm talking about , and ttip would open the doors for american companies to do this to european countries . 
  care to give an example ? 
  you 're joking right ? 
  there are clauses in the trade agreement that would allow corporations to sue countries for loss of revenue due to laws passed after the trade agreement is signed , and these claims would be judged and ruled at a supranational level by nondemocratic institutions , therefore making our democracy a joke . 
  example : many tobacco corporations would be able to sue countries for anti-tobacco laws and get multimillion dollar fines that the governments would have to pay simply for making laws democratically . 
  even though i agree with the point you are trying to make those examples are ridiculous and will make people think your argument is ridiculous . 
  do your research better and make a better point for those of us who are against ttip or do n't make one . 
  lol do you even know what bigot means ? 
  the way you phrased it it looked like you were being sarcastic to his comment , not the whistling . 
  of being undemocratic, 
  yeah but with your comment you were accusing / u/sofronizador , do n't move the goalpost . 
  i am not accusing the teams though , i am accusing the fans of making the wrong moves . 
  i 'm saying that if they wanted to protest the king they should boikot the event , booing just makes them look like hypocritical idiots ( i do n't like the king but not enough to miss a game of football ) . 
  booing is easy and anyone can do it , if you want to show true disagreement with the crown , you need to make sacrifices like missing a couple of games of football , if you ca n't even do that nobody will take your claims seriously . 
  not likely, 
  he just said it was impolite . 
  freedom of expression does n't mean immunity from criticism , he did n't say you could n't do it , just that he found it impolite . 
  if the fans do n't want to be part of spain , why attend the final of the king 's cup ? 
  if you disagree with the legitimacy of the king and the spanish crown , boikot the event and do n't attend . 
  booing is just a child 's reaction . 
  i think he 's referring to i\u00f1aki , not williams . 
  hmm i see, 
  how come the libdems are so disliked ? 
  hard ? 
  need i remind you of the eu 's policy on open borders ? 
  i agree with your last point , we should n't encourage people to behave like dicks , but we should legally allow it . 
  do you think sterile people should be allowed to get married ? 
  or even universal healthcare , which to many europeans should n't even be a debate but for some reason americans not only are staunchly against it but get super defensive about it . 
  neo-liberal policies across the world . 
  i recommend you watch `` cosmos - a spacetime odyssey '', 
  well , i guess that 's the price to pay for having such good things . 
  i 'm spanish and sweden is also on the top of my list of places i 'd like to emigrate to , and i did n't even know about the asylum grants but i suspect the things that appeal to me are very different from the things that appeal to someone from sudan .
