alright , well i guess sensationalism got the better of me again . 
  then again , it 's not like the fact that russia has had a decent amount of collateral damage is n't exactly hidden , he should be keeping up on how things look . 
  unless he was busy of course , then he can keep doing what he does . 
  i 'd actually respect them if they just admitted to accidental collateral damage . 
  ignoring it is just disrespectful as fuck . 
  not to say collateral damage is in any way a good thing , however it sadly always happens in war . 
  them denying it just makes it seem as if they were more willing to let it happen than they should be . 
  * alright maybe not respect them , not view them with vitriol might be a better way of expressing it . 
  * estonian death-drug-russian-oppressing nazi-vikings . 
  * massive opinion and exaggeration for the sake of showing idiocy from both sides * people here over exaggerate massively is all you really need to know . 
  sure , everything will more or less be worse , but becoming a run of the mill european state or slightly under is hardly the death-sentence of the swedish people that people like to claim . 
  basically , instead of being literally the safest place on the planet where everything goes our way , we will have to maybe , at some point in our life , be really annoyed or screwed over . 
  like almost every other state on the planet . 
  or if you want the current popular opinion '' the rapefugees will murder and rape us all , and the economy will seize to exist , and everything is shit and we have to vote for the sweden democrats who are basically less horrible republicans because fuck being liberal and nice because that only leads to sorrow if we ignore the fact that it was mainly the conservative party that caused all problems back in the fucking moderate-party 's reign because blaming them for knowingly causing these problems is obviously wrong let 's blame the socialists who more or less just kept going with the moderate 's policies '' * inhale * , and there you have how the place currently looks . 
  there is also the brilliant fact that the left has gotten even more moronic as well , meaning there is no middle-ground as you are either a rapefugee-loving asshole or a racist who wants to murder kids in the middle east . 
  please can we just have back the old socialists ? 
  the ones from the 50 's ? 
  they were nice . 
  maybe with modern morality but that 's about it . 
  if someone else from sweden disagrees , then please tell me . 
  i doubt it will matter as no matter what we will adopt a immigration-system that is a lot less generous either way . 
  probably for the best . 
  * just a note , i do n't think social-democrats keeping on with the moderate immigration policy was a good idea in the first place . 
  they should have been more conservative in that aspect until we have a real system , right now it 's basically put them in a refugee-station and hope that they integrate without doing anything to make sure that happens . 
  both sides fucked up massively , and the sweden democrats basically just want to capitalize because every politician in sweden cares more about their policies than the actual country or people who have to deal with the consequences of said policies . 
  ca n't he just say '' yes i watch porn , literally everyone with a pc does '' instead of using bullshit excuses . 
  never said they had to use a tsar-bomba , just said a nuke . 
  a nuke could easily destroy a large city without too much trouble , even if it does n't reduce it to literal ash . 
  also , russia nuking turkey without turkey doing anything towards russia in particular is an aggressive action , meaning nato would have no choice but to respond . 
  also i heavily doubt russia would just knock out the electricity for turkey , not exactly as big a powerplay as just destroying a city would be . 
  no , we are both just assuming where they are going to lob a nuke . 
  chances are they will lob multiple to make sure they did enough damage not to be in danger of any real response from turkey . 
  also , if nato falls then the us loses all it 's allies , and potentially any trust the rest of the world has for them . 
  '' if you refuse to help your ally , why would you help us '' so no , the us would not prefer eradication . 
  they would n't have a choice . 
  that is what m.a.d is all about , and is the only reason nukes are n't being used for warfare already . 
  or do you think russia and the us stays away from the most powerful weapon on the planet for shits and giggles ? 
  right , so turkey having their capital reduced to ash would leave the ability for the us to deescalate things . 
  no , it absolutely would not . 
  nato would cease to be overnight if that happened , and then things become bad quick as hell anyway . 
  * wrote seize instead of cease, 
  the us who has no real choice to do anything else . 
  unless you think the us is going to do a land invasion , because that would just end in russia using more of their close to endless supply of nuclear weaponry . 
  there really is no win if a nuke is used . 
  if russia nukes turkey , they get nuked back . 
  if they get nuked back , they will nuke literally everyone who is a friend of turkey , which would lead to every nuclear power on the planet chucking nukes about . 
  it would end human civilization overnight , unless for some reason the west decided to just get nuked and not respond . 
  have they nuked anyone for helping ukraine ? 
  has turkey been nuked ? 
  did the baltics get nuked when they joined nato ? 
  they wo n't nuke anyone , because they gain nothing by doing so . 
  why end the world and themselves for no gain ? 
  aww , it did n't obliterate denmark back to the middle-ages :(, 
  do n't they mostly us vk , which is essentially just facebook but made for cyrillic purposes ? 
  '' take a look '' and '' educate yourself '' are n't arguments . 
  give real examples or your claims can be ignored . 
  because one stupid remark is n't enough to get you fired , even if it is outright retarded . 
  i would say society progressed when we stopped driving people to suicide for factors outside their control . 
  1952 is quite a long fucking time ago at this point . 
  nah , our love and compassion will keep the end of the universe at bay !, 
  eh fair enough , understandable that the russian-stooge was n't the best thing in the world for business . 
  good luck in the future though , let 's hope the country stops being abused by russia . 
  because it 's a back-water with totalitarian rule and a civilwar inside it ? 
  * i am a presumptuous idiot , see response for a more coherent reason . 
  well i guess i was wrong about the kazakhstan part . 
  still do n't think it was genocide seeing as how it seems to be due to extreme incompetence of the soviet government . 
  it 's the name of it in the ukraine , kazakhstan was fucked just as hard but they do n't cry genocide over it . 
  at 18 ( or the year you are turning 18 ) you are sent a letter which asks several different questions , including things like your mental and physical health , interest in serving in the army and other such things . 
  if you said you were interested in serving in the army then you are going to get picked up , if you said never in a million years then they wo n't bother . 
  only those who want to at least a little will be picked , not jimmy who is scared of guns and would n't harm a fly . 
  and attempting to kill him over it just proves his point , at least in his own mind , that muslims are inherently untrustworthy . 
  our current plan is to replace all ethnic scanians with arabs and africans , sadly they caught onto the plan and are trying to stop it . 
  shame that , it really is . 
  anime in the afterlife ? 
  sign me up . 
  nah , fox is stable in it 's state of perpetual terribleness . 
  i tend to not watch promotional videos for countries . 
  as much as i want to like this video , i just ca n't . 
  it genuinely gives off a vibe that a cult recruitment video would , with a lot of talk of '' we are great and strong and big '' while detractors are just scoffed at . 
  the eu does a lot of good , promotional videos seemingly is n't one of them . 
  the use of the head-exploding nazi-deathdrug '' marijuana '' is clearly not something you want to use !, 
  you lose , and your society is doomed !, 
  ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ aqueduct ? 
  hey now , let 's not insult the dozens of people from iceland . 
  they are the only group who can claim to be real vikings , and we do n't want any churches pillaged now do we ? 
  he went to norway , that is n't eu either . 
  stop the discrimination of iceland !, 
  rip iceland . 
  you are free to stab them back in anarchy however , so in a sense it 's the ultimate freedom !, 
  not 100 % comrade ? 
  hogwash , it was clearly those darn coptic christians i tell you . 
  lol . 
  yes please . 
  [ * actually liking sk\u00e5ne * ] ( https://cdn.meme.am/cache/instances/folder549/250x250/74057549.jpg ), 
  i know , just fun to talk crap about sk\u00e5ne whenever i have the chance to do so . 
  sk\u00e5ne is not german from what i know . 
  then again taking sk\u00e5ne was doing them a favour , fuck sk\u00e5ne . 
  is denmark eastern european ? 
  pfft , whadda bunch of nerds . 
  i still find it funny how clinton was crap enough to somehow not completely annihilate trump .
