  they were talking about diversity in accents , not languages . 
  no russian vote this time ? 
  some australian fan got on the stage and showed his butt to the camera . 
  joke , 
  elodie gossuin showing our famous skills in foreign languages . 
  did n't pay electricity bill . 
  no points from austria to germany . 
  history never repeats itself . 
  come on germany , you can do it !, 
  latvian girl wearing a shirt way too long for her . 
  internet quality in azerbaijan / 10, 
  based in italy and voted for italy ? 
  no worries . 
  eurovision is also about showing europe your culture and habits . 
  that was an answer to all people on / r/europe asking why australia is competing in the eurovision, 
  australian guy on stage wtf, 
  or do falafels . 
  hungary was not too bad and he sung in his native language . 
  he gets my vote . 
  we have got such a horrible accent when it comes to speaking in foreign languages ... 
  french accent rules . 
  thanks germany for being worse than us , we 'll be happy to get 5 points . 
  come on young lady, 
  why is this lgbtq + country competing at the eurovision ? 
  come on , this kid ai n't 17, 
  `` i ca n't go on '' . 
  i say the same after 30 minutes of trying to assemble that $ % ! \u00a7 ikea bed . 
  looks like the last tv-ad for a axe deodorant, 
   ~ ~ why ~ ~ what is australia fixed, 
  belgian adele on stage, 
  how do you say `` green day '' in ukrainian ? 
  typical german haircut : long on the top , short on the sides . 
  haircut / 10, 
  come on levina , do it for the national pride !, 
  get at least one point !, 
  in a contest of 4 with uk , spain and israel , romania definitely wins indeed . 
  no worries . 
  we are used to it now . 
  it 's the same every year since `` tchiki tchiki '' . 
  just like the sterling pound . 
  finally someone singing in her native language, 
  because europe  us . 
  oh i see , this is why the overall artistic level is so low . 
  i wonder if spain does not do it on purpose , to sent shitty artists everytime . 
  looks like they do n't want to organise the next eurovision . 
  best . 
  dance . 
  ever . 
  for greece . 
  belarus was not bad neither . 
  queen elisabeth is represented by two singers tonight again . 
  not sure he likes girls though, 
  croatia has won . 
  / thread, 
  we should rename you `` google translate '' . 
  was a joke , related to history of flensburg . 
  i miserably failed . 
   here in flensburg we said `` excluding your country '' . 
  do you want to trigger a civil war in france ? 
  cause this is how you trigger a civil war . 
  do n't they have oil there ? 
  good bot , very useful for non native speakers, 
  on an european scale , maybe . 
  but seine-saint-denis is far from being `` extremely poor '' if you consider the whole world ... 
  i mean , there are all the services and infrastructure you would expect from an advanced , industrialised country . 
  obviously if you compare seine-saint-denis with central paris or the city of london , they are far behind in terms of gdp per capita . 
  stupid question : how then do you know that this party ( hdp , i suppose ? ), 
  wants an independent kurdish state ? 
  was it linked with former pro-independence organisations ? 
  come see daddy , baby wallonia . 
  apart from crimea , i do n't see what you are referring to . 
  bitcoin, 
  i prefer blackpool though . 
  i 'm surprised to see no hungarian replied `` hungry '' yet . 
  from chernobyl ? 
  i thought mallorca was the 18th bundesland ... 
  bad . 
  welsh ? 
  eder ruined my summer last year . 
  since then , i refuse to eat bacalhau . 
  good point . 
  if russia were to join the eu , they would be the most populous country of the union . 
  i doubt germany , france or italy would be happy with this ( cf. 
  how reluctant francois mitterrand was towards the german reunification ) . 
  in france : mangas    dc & marvel comics . 
  yeah . 
  and he is offside , as usual . 
  and their football team . 
  i was thinking about shah pahlavi and the overthrow of mossadegh . 
  for the uk , yes . 
  definitely . 
  something i do n't understand btw : kosovo unilaterally declares independance , no one bats an eye . 
  crimea is annexed by russia and everybody loses their minds . 
  same applies to france too . 
  oh i thought bild zeitung was still being published ... 
  but did n't he also have popular support ? 
  from what i can recall , he won the general elections quite easily , and was also backed by a lot of venezuelans following the 2012 coup . 
  we will always be there for you , belgium . 
  interesting . 
  do you think that the link between greeks and religion is also related to their identity ?
