well then cyprus is not in europe neither , is it ? 
  kebabs maybe too ... 
  make our edrisor great again, 
  french technology * insert a deal-with-it gif here *, 
  the report states that the bank of canada already tried to test a dlt . 
  so it seems central banks are taking this seriously as the future of interbanking transactions . 
  and my 6th favourite german-speaking country . 
  armenia could have been twice bigger ... 
  til the uk left the european union one year ago . 
  and malta goes south to australia . 
  is she doing the new imperial salute with her fingers ? 
   ~ ~ louis xiv . ~ ~ adolf h. fixed . 
   definitely the most entertaining team  from the late nineties to the mid 2000s * ahem *, 
  i just wanted to troll , it apparently worked flawlessly . 
  yeah but still . 
  no foreign party should interfere in french politics . 
  really ? 
  how come ? 
  spanish president ? 
  i did n't know they had a revolution and overthrew the king ... 
  looks much simpler than the french one . 
  i like it . 
  i only know one fischer . 
  [ atemlos ] ( https://youtu.be/haect-serhk ) . 
  has anyone ever suggested greece to reduce military spending instead of public services ? 
  15,625 in vatican city . 
  `` holy '' shit !, 
  yet another proof that speaking french makes you look good up until you turn 50 . 
  * this message was brought to you by the french language institute . 
  op would rather turn them into gyros / s, 
  nice tan !, 
  polish president back from ( turkish ) holiday ... ? 
  you mean `` weekend '' i suppose ? 
  they see me trollin ' they hatin ', 
  your arse, 
   whereas 23,3 % of catalans consider themselves to be `` only catalans '' . 
  it 's not so much neither ... 
  the colour suggests melted gouda is used as concrete though . 
  we actually do n't know the father , both dutch and german refused to get the genetic test . 
  beautiful picture of germany . 
  * how to trigger alsatians 101 *, 
  i think your question is a very philosophical one . 
  personally , i think we have to reshape our way to produce . 
  if we want to reach equality between people , we gon na have to make decisions : do we want to produce the same quantity / a bigger quantity of goods ? 
  if yes , are we ready to automatise the production , hence losing manufacturing jobs , despite the growing world population ( i.e. 
  more workers on the globe and less jobs available ) ? 
  or are we ready to split the available jobs amongst people ( for instance through the reduction of workweek duration ) ? 
  the world can not run only on ideas , there will always be stuff to produce , and factories will always have an important role to play as long as we are in an industrialised economy . 
  if you mean that ideas are more profitable than production , i agree with you . 
  but again , if a country want to rely solely ( or mainly ) onto ideas , this would mean that another country will have to produce the things this first country designs . 
  so it implies that the world is not equal : creative countries will remain so , with high education , comfort of life , etc. , while productive countries will have to keep a low labour cost to remain attractive , meaning low education levels , lower wages , etc. 
  we obviously have two different vision of the world , 
   french workers can offer a level of education that say vietnamese workers ca n't this works indeed for a given period of time , but not indefinitely . 
  unless if you are assuming that there must always be countries with education-deficit to ensure low added-value production is made there - which is not my opinion . 
  i 'm not saying globalisation is bad , and never said it meant mass immigration . 
  we have to live in a globalised world , i am fully aware of this . 
  this only thing i do n't agree with is the fact that workers worldwide are in competition with each other . 
  this is what i meant with `` consequence of the globalisation '' : for some parts of the industry , a western european worker is currently in competition with workers from countries where wages are lower . 
  to tackle this , some countries decided to reduce the labour cost , which also eventually meant lower wages and higher poverty ( see uk or germany ) . 
  this is what some ( maybe you too ? ), 
  call `` reforms '' . 
  and this is not what i want for france . 
  i never said that , 
   the main issues are : high unemployment , low growth , bad environment for businesses , over-regulation and high debt . 
  to me , these are consequences of the limitless globalisation , and not reasons why france is not performing . 
   france and italy are laggards , i have some hope for macrons reform i do n't understand why people blame it on the absence of so-called `` reforms '' . 
  i mean , there can not be a single reason to explain why a country is not doing well . 
  also , media and people keep on complaining on the lack of reforms in france , but forget for instance to talk about globalisation ( which led to the closing down of hundreds of manufacturing plants throughout the country , and delocalisation to either eastern europe or far-east ) . 
  i mean , it 's pretty easy to make macro-economic figures look good through these `` reforms '' ( look at the uk for instance ) , but it wo n't solve any of the economical problems france is facing . 
  nice mosque / foxnews, 
   howard archer , chief economist at ihs markit , said greece 's return to recession was ** largely due to uncertainty over the bailout . 
  ** am i the only one to think we 've reached a ridiculous situation ? 
  turkey just locked herself in her room , she is crying at the moment . 
  such a bad feeling for her to get warned by the eu . 
  yeah i hesitated but decided not to add the / s at the end of my post . 
   the young french president clearly charmed the veteran german chancellor . 
  cougar hunter, 
  david guetta is french . 
  * this comment was brought to you by fox news *, 
  make euro strong again ( mesa ), 
  top 4 of extraordinary things macron is gon na achieve in 5 years : 4 - bring michael jackson back to life 3 - cure aids 2 - make british cuisine taste good 1 - head the french republic further into the crisis, 
  portugal winning everything this week ... 
  you forgot the / s , did n't you ? 
  depends . 
  on which criteria do you base your judgment ? 
   thanks ~ ~ eurovision ~ ~ eder !, 
  fixed . 
  i would have preferred `` mackrel '' though . 
  i thought it was for the victory at the eurovision song contest . 
  sad, 
  no rage pls, 
  yessss on the left side !!!, 
  til the uk once won the eurovision, 
  touelve points for souaideune, 
  georgian guy looks like he comes from the 1980 . 
  germany , the only country taking the contest seriously ( thousands of people in the street ) . 
  finishing with 0 point ... 
  elisabethian union ... 
  la triche ( i.e. 
  french for `` cheat '' ) , douze points .
