they 've been increasing it lately though . 
   the imaginary vessel has already brought additional funding . 
  swedish government ups taxes , spending this was planned way before this incident . 
  mobs of people attacking other people with machetes usually make people calm , no ? 
  they all have , pretty much . 
  all western countries at least . 
  `` who said this thing i do n't believe ?! '', 
  `` oh , the most credible source said that ? 
  well they 're in on it too ! '', 
  i 've heard that from lots of british people but never understood why . 
  why do you think they 're useless ? 
   a pretty important detail that blows the idea ofthis being a russian military op out of the water . 
  it does n't though . 
  i agree it 's unfortunate that people do n't even know there are more than one group of separatists , but it does not in any way discredit the idea that russia is pulling the strings here . 
   ukranian military jets have been reported to have been in close proximity to mh17 , and civilian radar data collected by the russians confirms that at least one was . 
  do you have a link to a source ? 
  my opinion differ vastly from yours , which makes your side of things very interesting to hear . 
  who do you think was behind shooting down the civilian airliner ? 
  contribution ? 
  am i correct to assume that you support russia in aiding the separatists with lethal means ? 
  how do you feel about the russian shelling of ukrainian troops ? 
   sweden is also expected to join the euro area in the future , but has not yet qualified . 
  huh ? 
  i was under the impression that sweden did n't want to due to lack of public support ? 
  well in that case , my comment still applies . 
  oh , then i apologize , please explain . 
  not really . 
  he just made the sings that point to the people selling illicit goods . 
  you probably think women should ' t be allowed to drive or vote . 
  you sexist asshole . 
  see what i did there ? 
  i assumed something about you and then insulted you based on my assumption . 
  that 's not a very smart thing to do , is it ? 
  ukraine is not a nato member , so they do n't * have to * do anything . 
  and the fact that doing something might piss off a nuclear power does n't make it any better . 
  s\u00c4po and fra work together a lot . 
  if i 'm not mistaken s\u00c4po is the primary user of fra 's information . 
  i think his point was that 's the reason it 's a deterrent . 
  it 's only a deterrent if the death of those soldiers will mean public support for war in america . 
  i do n't know anything about the situation in the uk , but is it not reasonable to assume that an influx of poor people who want work will lower the wages ? 
  i 'd say they have a cb , it 's just that the rest of the world does n't recognize it . 
   when president obama speaks to americans , ensuring them that ordinary american citizens are by law save from spying by the nsa . 
  because that turned out well ... 
  i think russia would face a * tiny * bit more problems if they invaded sweden . 
  i do see your point though . 
  neutral ? 
  we 're not neutral . 
  we 've never been neutral . 
  we 're in bed with nato and everyone knows it , including the russians . 
  which is why it 's better to join or to build up our defense so we can be truly neutral . 
  i 'm sure lots of people against nato still recognize the threat , they just do n't want to be a part of nato . 
  right . 
  so if i install an alarm in my house i 'm the bad guy for trying to fuck it up for the burglars ? 
   desecrated never in to nordic . 
  is it xenophobic to say that americans are very extroverted compared to europeans ? 
  after all i 'm lumping together several hundred million people on both sides of that statement . 
  you say that like those still exist . 
  we 've completely dismantled our defense . 
  is n't the nsa only an intelligence agency ? 
  do they have officers with guns protecting people like s\u00c4po does ? 
  i think the nsa are more like the fra , no ? 
  hey now , we violated neutrality both ways !, 
  i assume you meant wikileaks . 
  and how would that even work ? 
  how would you make people follow a secret law ? 
  i remember them linking a swedish article where they did n't understand it at all and just made up something bad the police had supposedly done , i ca n't seem to find it though . 
  maybe someone else will know what i 'm talking about ... edit : found it : https://www.facebook.com/wikileaks/posts/781925995175848 they claim the police arrested someone who merely criticized the police when he was in fact harassing police officers , their family members , judges and prosecutors . 
  then you have to successfully integrate the immigrants , which some countries struggle with . 
   could western journalists please stop stealing russian lies ? 
  the russians do n't even have to try , our retarded media will take anything they say and put it on the front page . 
  perhaps it 's different for different schools , but teachers did take phones and send students out of the classrooms if they did n't behave in my school . 
  ** one third ** of swedes for nato !, 
  ^ ^ and ^ ^ one ^ ^ third ^ ^ unsure ^ ^ ^ ^ and ^ ^ ^ ^ one ^ ^ ^ ^ third ^ ^ ^ ^ against, 
  did sweden change the definition of rape over this period ? 
  did norway ? 
  do both norway and sweden define rape as the exact same thing ? 
  do they record statistics about rape differently ? 
  unless i 'm mistaken the vast majority are not refugees . 
  if i 'm not mistaken signal failure is the standard reply to anything that 's gone wrong . 
  so when they say signal failure it could be what ever really , suicide attempt or a train that passed a red light ect . 
  ah yes , very sorry , putin strong big man help russia stronk fight very bad west . 
  and it just happened to be the location they were laying the cable at ? 
  come on , you know full well that they were doing it to fuck with the workers . 
  but you said patrol boat . 
  you seriously expect them to halt their work and move just because the russian navy wants to swing their dick around ? 
  another exciting day in sweden . 
  that sounds like bullshit to me . 
  if language was the biggest problem we 'd not be in this situation . 
  any source to back up that most immigrants are highly skilled ? 
  i 'd like to point out that i 've got no knowledge about this , it just does n't sound right to me . 
  please prove me wrong , 
  if i understand the report you linked only employed people earn us money . 
  have i got that wrong or are you talking about something else ? 
  if i understand the current situation we 're not creating jobs at the rate we need to to facilitate the huge influx of people . 
  bottom line ( assuming i 've understood this correctly ) : immigration does not earn you money . 
  if we had a need for workers immigration would earn us money , but we do n't . 
  then why keep the current level of immigration ? 
  until we are in need of workers immigration is an expense . 
  as i see it the only logical argument that can be made in favor of immigration from war-torn countries is that we want to help people . 
  where are we going to get the jobs that will make that happen ?
