  if i get the report right it 's not saying immigration earns you money , it 's saying employed people earns you money . 
  but if you do n't have jobs for them it 's not going to make you any money at all , it 's going to cost you a whole lot . 
  just as if you did n't have jobs for your children when they graduated . 
  they 'll be a cost until they get employed . 
  i can see the humanitarian argument , not the `` it 's going to make us rich '' argument . 
  i still do n't buy the idea that an influx of poor uneducated people who do n't speak the language will earn you money . 
  now if you use the argument that it 's helping people that i understand . 
  but the idea that it 's a good investment sounds ridiculous to me . 
  honest question , why is n't every other european country doing the same if it 's a source of future income ? 
  edit : read the summary of the report , it says that giving jobs to people will make you money . 
  no shit . 
  now where are the jobs ? 
  so it 's a lot more expensive than the gripen then . 
  are the operational costs also lower than the gripen ? 
  do n't forget the garage with a few tanks !, 
  well duh . 
  is n't that like saying a tank will be useful if there is no at in the area ? 
  not actually sure . 
  i can click the link in firefox normally but not in chrome . 
  open in incognito . 
  what do you mean when you say charge ? 
  what is that in the finish legal system ? 
  do you need to be charged with a crime to be detained ? 
  maybe it has something to do with the direction of the currents in that area ? 
  i 'd assume a pointy island will direct the waves to the sides ? 
  no one complained and no `` park official '' did anything . 
  all these articles are wrong . 
  it was just some dude who removed it . 
  press [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/2eil7nt.png ) little hand and then move your cursor across the gif . 
  it 's more to do with the whole dictatorship . 
  i bet the majority of swedes do n't even know what poltava is . 
  same with the swedish gotland class . 
  diesel subs seem to outclass everything . 
  does n't subs constantly sink every other ship in mock battles ? 
  yeah , they get paid absolute dick at the moment . 
  as low as 25k kr/month after 10 years of employment . 
  are you sure this is n't related to the protest against their low wages ? 
  they 're not allowed to go on strike so they park their cars in city centers to inform people of their shitty working conditions . 
  that 's what he said , if we wanted to . 
  we being the eu . 
  if this is hell on earth i would n't mind going to hell ... 
  i 'm pretty sure article 5 only mentions another state attacking . 
  ah , yes . 
  the war zone also known as the entire city of malm\u00f6 . 
  as a swede the problem with danish is n't that i do n't understand the words it 's that i do n't even know where some words start and stop . 
  it 's just a garbled mess to my ears . 
   could you put on some pants you 're not doing too hot if you want to avoid making me angry . 
  you 're god damn right it 's annoying , we violated neutrality * both * ways !, 
  do n't sell us short . 
  holy christ would that be a disaster . 
  how stupid can you be . 
  that 's really cool , i had no idea estonians were taught anything about the swedish part of your history . 
  ca n't remember it being mentioned here more than `` we took some stuff and then lost it '' . 
  maybe i just had a shitty history teacher ... 
  man , you guys * really * want to be nordic ... 
  remind me which european nation is currently being invaded by the us . 
  what i mean is , of course you 'd rather fight in the tiger if you had a choice . 
  it 's such a dumb question , if you can pick between a heavy and a medium tank you go with the heavy . 
  it 's a useless comparison . 
  the sherman/tiger one really confuses me . 
  how stupid can a person be ? 
  come on , you 're the southerns of the north . 
  you 're basically spaniards without the heat . 
  and with more p\u00f6lse . 
  this is great , the directive is absolute horseshit . 
  legal guns are n't the problem here . 
   sweden insisting on neutrality . 
  we 've never been neutral though . 
  people keep propagating this myth , even our own politicians . 
  what solution do you propose ? 
  should toddlers be presented with a contract ? 
  if they do n't sign they 're banished to the south pole ? 
  yet they also say the leak wo n't be plugged until autumn ... 
  then you know very little about ww2 sweden . 
  our military was leagues ahead of both denmark and norway . 
  and norway did well in their defence considering they did n't even mobilize before the invasion , which we would have had the time to do . 
  during fighting in the north of norway germany demanded we let them ship troops through our railway . 
  when we denied this they tried to bribe us with free artillery guns that we were in the process of buying from them . 
  they also tried to bribe railway personell to let trains though . 
  they went so far as to send fighter planes over sweden . 
  we shot down 4 . 
  here 's a quote from our prime minister at the time :  if we refuse , we will most likely be invaded an defeated , if we agree to a transit we will draw upon us the eternal enmity of norway . 
  i for one consider it better for a people to die with honour than live in dishonour . 
  the german demands must be rejected . 
  [ thread from askhistorians ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/5ko2by/during_world_war_2_sweden_supplied_germany_with/ ), 
   sweeden could have cut their iron supply no we could not . 
  we relied more on coal and food imports from germany than they did on our steel . 
  but man nato held an exercise with like 10k men they 're going to invade any second now just you wait, 
   lots of humor gets lost in translation [ joke ] [ joke ! ], 
  [ joke ! ], 
  [ ** joke !, 
  ** ] [ ** joke !, 
  ** ] * hits desk * i mean i watch most of his stuff but jesus . 
  we get it . 
  i usually skip forwards 10 seconds every time he raises his voice . 
  they 're not enemy combatants . 
  because we 're not at war . 
  no , execution is illegal in most european countries . 
  you do n't execute your enemies . 
  you fight them in combat .
