a war so big it 's actually called ` the great war ' until the fuckers has to start another one . . 
  not from stopping unskilled eu members coming in and once refugees get citizenship and a passport from germany in a few years time they can move wherever they like . 
  love europe . 
  hate the eu . 
  i really hope we vote to leave the eu and get back our border control . 
  we love a good piss-up at the darts though !, 
  the jobless , loud , alcoholic , chain smoking , rude , dirty , shout-talking , polish cunt of a neighbour i have and all of her associates beg to differ, 
  good . 
  corfu airport is dire . 
  so much ww1 & 2 guilt, 
   4 million oaps and builders voted for them nonsense, 
   ukip came out of nowhere and 4 million oaps and builders voted for them ha ha !, 
  nonsense, 
  you make sweeping statements like ` most peoples given reason for wanting to leave the eu is that we 're `` swamped by immigrants '' , as if your opinions represent the whole of the uk mindset but apparently i 'm the moron ... 
  in fact you write like the daily mail comments section . 
  like that drunk opinionated bloke at the pub bar that everyone wishes would stop talking to them when they go to get a pint . 
  it 's hilarious . 
  anyway i 'm not taking your bait flash . 
  i 'm now following you for pure entertainment . 
  so you carry on x, 
  this comment is so full of personal opinion , absolutely zero statistical data to backup the claims made , sweeping generalizations and pseudo knowledge . 
  all topped off with david cameron is hitler and rupert murdoch is satan . 
  brilliant . 
  thanks for laugh pal . 
  that 's exactly what i 'm saying . 
  you can happily have it . 
  do n't get me wrong i love europe and being european . 
  i just do n't see the need to be fully entwined politically . 
  best of luck to all . 
  only a small portion of it . 
  a price most are willing to pay . 
  i seem to remember donating a lot of money to the forgotten orphans of romania back in the early 90s when british charity workers bought their suffering to light . 
  we may have voted to leave the political union but it 's nice to know who your friends are . 
  i 'm sure we 'll be out of your hair soon enough . 
  send them back, 
  not if you 're chopping vegetables in the back of a takeaway restaurant kitchen , being paid cash in hand you do n't . 
  crap graffiti everywhere, 
  spoken like a true apologist . 
  get off your high horse . 
  people like you make me sick . 
  an even bigger russian apologists appears from the wood work . 
  crawl back worm . 
  i 've found the apologists everyone, 
  it 's a cartoon reply to a cartoon . 
  chill freud . 
  looks like a desperate situation for everyone involved, 
  there is counter nonsense http://m.imgur.com/gallery/5ljk0lj, 
  cheers pal, 
  triggered, 
  we can make silly cartoons too http://m.imgur.com/gallery/5ljk0lj, 
  more accurate if we 're slinging shit http://m.imgur.com/gallery/5ljk0lj, 
  this is more accurate http://m.imgur.com/gallery/5ljk0lj, 
  europol is a counter terrorism agency so yes i would qualify that as military engagement considering how and where information is sourced and often acted upon . 
  and if the eu is in any way benefiting with one hand off the back of the uk tax payer and our bigger contributions to security , while trying to damage our economy with the other . 
  then it 's you that 's the worthless ally . 
  all we 're doing is leaving an unnecessary political union . 
  if my point to a fellow nato member , that britain is the number 1 contributor to all facets of security accross europe , is lost on you then just give up . 
  you do know we 're one of if not the biggest contributors to europol ? 
  and that we have military training and support agreements with almost every european country that has nothing do with nato right ? 
  you 're sounding awfully uninformed for someone that has all the answers . 
  you 're stuck on my nato comment that was making a point about commitments on all fronts of defense . 
  and it seems you 're suggesting that britain does n't contribute to european defense outside of nato ? 
  what nonsense . 
  what a ridiculous rant . 
  what britain can bring to the table in terms of defense should 100 % be on the table with trade talks . 
  if you benefit from it , it has a monetary cost , you pay . 
  i 'm quite aware of our nato commitments thank you . 
  i mentioned nuclear weapons as the post above was written by someone that 's from a nato country and the majority of it 's european members do n't spend the expected levels on defense . 
  my overall point is that regardless of nato membership , in recent history britain has always been a lead in the defense of europe . 
  always . 
  commit the most , spend the most , react the quickest . 
  it absolutely should be on the table when discussing trade negotiations . 
  it 's a service that you all benefit from at the risk and huge expense of the british people and armed forces . 
  please find some words 2 . 
  you have no idea how a nuclear deterrent works 3 . 
  you 've mentioned the eu and nato and my apparent confusion between them in another of my comments . 
  you obviously do n't know that finland and britain quietly signed a joint partnership to strengthen our cooperation and help with your military training . 
  even though you 're not a nato member . 
  why should you get access to our defense network ( not just it and nuclear weapons but people on the ground doing the dirty work ) that 's cost billions possibly trillions to the uk tax payer to build up over countless decades ? 
  you wo n't go to war for me . 
  so why should i go to war for you and pay for it so you feel safe ? 
  all while you enjoy that protection and expect/want us to get a bad trade deal because we do n't see our future in the eu ? 
  the uk has been at the front of european defense for over 100 years . 
  billions spent on nuclear weapons to protect us all from russia . 
  billions spent on building networks of people , systems , training , contacts , countless deaths of uk personnel , real people putting their lives on the line . 
  and we 're supposed to give all that information and hard work over for free ? 
  to countries that ca n't even be bothered to hit their 2 % nato target ? 
  how about you total up the cost to uk national tax payers for your use of our defense network . 
  why should uk soldiers and special forces/operatives in the field . 
  doing the real hard graft of gathering information and putting themselves in immense danger . 
  put their lives on the line to pass that information to countries that ca n't even make their 2 % commitment to the nato budget ? 
  the uk has been at the front of the defense for europe for over 100 years . 
  while other countries have flopped about and been weak . 
  in more modern times , decades of training , building networks , collaboration with other networks and the deaths of countless people to make sure we stay ahead of the game . 
  and you think we should just hand all that over no questions asked ? 
  without understanding the real cost ? 
  you 're a fool . 
  nonsense, 
  absolute nonsense, 
  well i 'm in britain talking about the british relationship with europe and the eu so of course i 'm going to separate the two .
