well all of us did , i 'm just saying that greece had basically all of europe at their backs when fighting for independence, 
  you had plenty of help from western romantic emo hellenophiles , all we had was our flintlocks and good ol' serbian know how . 
  ^ jus ^ jokin ^ bro ^ u ^ know ^ we ^ love ^ u ^ 4eva, 
  there was a film on the politics behind wwi on viasat history recently . 
  i ca n't quite recall the name , but palpatine from star wars was in it , and so was meryn trant from got . 
  okay so the thing is there were quite a few scenes i found amusing , for example kaiser wilhelm being on vacation in norway at the time austro-hungary declared war on serbia as planned , just expecting the austro-hungarians to roll over their tiny enemy like truck in a couple of days , and for it to be all good and over by the time his holiday ends . 
  i mean ... 
  i know it 's wwi after all , but i really feel like the film took every opportunity to take a jab at the germans and austrians , and undermine them at every turn . 
  was n't trying to offend , wwii was n't great on anyone . 
  you gon na take wwii shit from a romanian ? 
  more like completely the opposite , imho . 
  seldom do americans even know where we are , let alone consider us the good guys :d, 
  no , literally , i 've never heard anyone here hate on albanians because of religious differences . 
  many , many other reasons , i am not going to deny that , but religion is not one of them . 
  it is . 
  no , religion has very little to do with it in this case , since albanians are n't exclusively muslim , a lot of them are christians , and a lot are atheist . 
  this is a territorial dispute , which a war was fought over not so long ago , so there 's still bad blood among some . 
  of course , i 'm not justifying this savagery , just explaining the `` reasoning '' behind it . 
  agreed . 
  it 's funny bordering on terrifying . 
  well ... by the modern definition yes , technically , but barely . 
  as i said , the definition has changed quite often , the first one would put macedonia almost entirely in today 's greece ( and a little bit spilling into albania ) , but for example , the byzantine definition came nowhere near the others , considering the land surrounding constantinople on the european side macedonia , excluding kosovo , albania , serbia , fyrom and ancient macedon completely . 
  by the roman definition it included macedon , fyrom and like half of today 's albania . 
  what has been considered `` macedonia '' or `` macedon '' has drastically changed over the centuries depending on who ruled it . 
  today it 's accepted that the region of macedonia encompasses parts of fyrom , greece , and south western bulgaria iirc . 
  sorry again , my mistake . 
  oh , and i 'm not your buddy , pal !, 
  no , no , no , dude ... 
  nothing against you guys , but the main comment said `` portugal can into slavic '' , so then when lithuania was listed with belarus and poland i thought the commenter implied you were slavic as well . 
  my bad d :, 
  well ... 
  i mean ... 
  they are n't a slavic country ... one could argue that there 's a balto-slavic family , but lithuanians are n't slavs afaik . 
  well if we 're talking slavic , the lithuanians do n't really count anyway, 
  nah , we were all cool in the first one , for the second one we flipped our shit out on bulgaria, 
  he 's a dick , imho . 
  popular - very , but supported , mostly by old people , who freaking idolize him ( seriously , i can not joke about vu\u010di\u0107 around my grandparents or i get dirty looks and various snarks ) and to some extent the young who view him as the lesser evil . 
  i mean , on the one hand , he 's a massive lying prick , but on the other , every politician is , the difference is vu\u010di\u0107 is not a stupid man by any means . 
  actually his popularity is almost irrelevant , he 's got everyone in his hands . 
  google belgrade 's most recent protests , check the demographics and numbers - that should give you a clearer picture if i failed to . 
  it is . 
  our great lord and saviour vu\u010di\u0107 has held a firm stance that he 'll never give up on kosovo and the serbian people . 
  it 's also anticonstitutional to present serbian territory without kosovo . 
  [ never stopped him before ] ( http://www.espreso.rs/images_arhive/original/1455538836_vuciccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc.jpg ) . 
  well he was n't wrong ... we put up a good fight for as long as we could , but ultimately it was russia that was a threat to them , not us . 
  hmmm ... makes me think , though russia 's hardly ever helped us directly and without catches , would just being associated with them make us valuable to the eu , like the croatian guy says ? 
  well i would n't say i 'm pro ... just that i could live with it , 
  then we finally understand each other :d i believe the first comment was aimed more towards the balkan nationalities , since the poster has the serbian flair , and not turks ( yeah , their territory extends to a part of the peninsula as well ) , so that 's probably what caused the misunderstanding . 
  i was n't talking about the turks , but yes , with most turks the difference is very noticeable . 
  but the peoples of the balkan peninsula also look very obviously different from most turks . 
  sure , you 'll have a tough time passing a croat or a serb off as a stereotypical norwegian , but you could n't tell him from a random frenchman or a random czech or a random german either - that was my point . 
  not sure if sarcasm , or bigotry ... 
  i do n't know how different you think our skin is to yours ... we 're as white as they come !, 
  unless gmo food has given you supervision and your eyes can detect more shades than a serb 's eyes can , 
  there are some who do n't care , but not because it does not concern them , but because they 've given up and came to terms with the fact that it 's albanian now . 
  which is n't to say it never will be serbian again , but as you said , i agree it wo n't be any time soon . 
  personally , i do care , about the history if nothing else . 
  i 'm okay with albanians living there , i 'm okay even with it becoming it 's own country , but i am not okay with them desecrating monuments and churches and forging history . 
  take it , but at least admit it used to be ours and respect that fact . 
  but then again , the opinions of some serbs do n't matter , the formal attitude of the government does , and the government says that kosovo is serbia , which is the biggest thing between us and the eu currently . 
  interesting . 
  no ... attacks ? 
  stoning ? 
  sounds too good to be balkan ^ / s, 
  given the state we 're in , i doubt we 'd pose any kind of a threat even if an eu - russia conflict were to break out and we were on russia 's side , which is n't that certain either . 
  and you forget the kosovo issue , my balkan friend . 
  that 's one thing they wo n't give us . 
  well we would if we could !, 
  it 's `` slaveni '' in croatia , so it 'd probably have a slightly nicer ring to it there, 
  they think they 're germanic probably, 
  if they evade turkish taxes by submitting themselves to allah you get bosniaks, 
  oh we have those douches east of the river too, 
  when did they invade us in the first place ? 
  serbia and montenegro that is . 
  and the tracksuit thing pertains to all slavs , not just russians, 
  i ca n't say i 'm as well - traveled as i 'd like to be , not yet , but this is the most enchanting building i 've had the pleasure of seeing so far . 
  i 've heard that linguists consider slovak to be the easiest language for all other native slavic language speakers to learn , since it shares a lot of characteristics with all other groups . 
  having been to slovakia once and having heard slovak on rtv for the slovak minority here , i sort of see why . 
  ahhh , makes sense . 
  though i seem to remember seeing kr\u010dmas when i was in bratislava couple years back edit : my bad , thought you said that meant ` pub ' in czech . 
  btw it means something along the lines of ` tavern ' here . 
  fuck , understood everything except for the other guy 's response, 
  nothing on the level on hollywood , but it does certainly have sayings , inside jokes and the capacity for puns . 
  another cool thing is the intuitiveness of it all , making knowing one word a gateway to all its other forms , compound words , antonyms ... 
  but that 's not what you meant , i suppose , and even though i am a proponent , you did point out one of the biggest weaknesess of esperanto - while it has a very warm , educated , welcoming speaker base , it lacks an underlying history and culture to attract learners , making the few speakers there are almost exclusively language nerds and their kids , 
  they are sort of burek-purists . 
  not even that , because their dumb made up burek regulations are dumb and made up !, 
  they do n't sound bad ... 
  it 's difficult to explain what i feel towards them ... 
  the sounds they produce are pleasing i guess , but they lack soul , it 's sort of empty, 
  the other commenter elaborated on that , so i 'm clear on that fact now . 
  however , now i wonder why such a normal thing was something to point out about france in particular, 
  was n't there an episode of house md about this very thing hahah anyway , thank you for clearing things up !, 
  ah , alright then . 
  the thing that was sort of interesting to me is that they said it can affect people 's behaviours . 
  and i was like : `` whaaat ? 
  and people just go along with this ? '', 
  well it 's not a rare occurrence by any means , but i do n't know if i 'd go as far as to say that it 's a majority, 
  huh , alright then . 
  thanks for the info .
