  the fucking monkey wrench and safety matches ? 
  also carried the whole world into the 21st century by distributing technology , the internet , and being the overwhelmingly dominant hub of scientific research and progress in the world for the last century yeah , that war machine is totally all they got to be proud over what does sweden have ? 
  the fucking monkey wrench and safety matches ? 
  swedish institutions do a good job of presenting an image of a super utopian post-scarcity welfare state but really , shit is dire . 
  especially if your particular ailment does n't benefit from any of the data sets that are used for international healthcare ranking systems . 
  i feel like the purpose of the whole system is to rank as highly as possible on those charts at minimal cost so that the politicians can keep taxing and pointing to the charts saying `` look what you are getting in return '', 
   if the eurovision was held in ireland , we could never do something like this . 
  because you have good sense and tact ... 
  well , at least americans base their smugness on past glory . 
  swedes just think we 're super best at everything without ever having actually done anything , and the rest of the world is full of uneducated and narrow-minded plebs . 
  i deleted the post above because it was unnecessarily rude , but i never described my search as using '' '', 
  lifespan is not a good indicator of how good the healthcare system is , swedes have healthy lifestyles , which is the overwhelmingly dominant factor in predicting lifespan , and is completely independent from the health care system . 
  the fact that the healthcare system is struggling despite the relatively low pressure from the public due to generally healthy lifestyles is just further testament to how badly it is run . 
  cancer is one of the only field we are good at internationally , not representative of general healthcare , trauma treatment , er situation etc. 
   can you say which countries that are much better ? 
  canada , australia , new zealand , singapore , japan , norway , the uk , switzerland , germany , france , the netherlands , pretty much all of western europe bar spain , portugal , and italy . 
  ( also uae ), 
  like i said , google conceited smugness and the first hit is : `` conceited scandinavian arrogance and smugness '' , this is not an accident . 
  i 'm on a swiss ip btw so it 's not a region-match thing - it 's what people think of scandinavians ( and primarily swedes and norwegians i guess because danes are not known for this , nor are finns ), 
  our healthcare system has already gone to shit . 
  all of our highest qualified doctors are jumping ship from being overworked and the hospitals are not keeping up with the volume of patients needing to be hospitalized . 
  all because the hospitals are being run like businesses with idiotic methodologies that are meant to apply to 9-to-5 office zombies that need to be treated like cattle , not fully qualified doctors . 
  source : one of the highest qualified surgeons in her field whom i know personally . 
  and recently , open protests by chief doctors from our best hospitals in public media . 
  worst part is , the conceited moronic public thinks everything is working swimmingly and that surely swedish institutions ca n't possibly be struggling , not with our level of taxation !, 
  ( this also applies to the police by the way , which is doing a shit job in the areas that matter ), 
  i hate how there 's this horribly unattractive smugness over the whole thing . 
  i hate that this is how swedes feel about themselves . 
  google conceited smugness and the first hit is : `` conceited scandinavian arrogance and smugness '' . 
  this is the most useless interjection i 've ever come across , where are you going with this ? 
  `` classical '' nazi groups of the kind that practices antisemitism do n't have different kinds of hate for semites and roma or others , it 's the same to them and they hate them for the same reasons . 
  antisemitism is not different from any other ethnic hate . 
  definitions like antisemitism is used by outside groups to classify it but that does n't separate racism from antisemitism , nazis still hate the jewish race on the basis of their race , it 's not different from roma hate . 
  it 's the same group that does it and same rhetoric ( nazi rhetoric ), 
  right now ? 
  vancouver olympics was canada gold , us silver , finland bronze ( and sweden 4th ) olympics before that was sweden gold , finland silver , czech repub bronze still do n't see how us and canada are dominant , the games between finland/sweden vs canada/us in vancouver were hardly dominated by either side so ... how is the us so clearly dominant as to not even have to participate and still be `` top two '' ? 
  three countries with the most olympic medals : us canada and sweden canada has 8 olympic golds the us has 2 olympic golds , in 1960 and 1980 ( 34 years ago ) sweden has 2 olympic golds , in 1994 and 2006 ( 7 years ago , one olympics away ) how can you claim the us to clearly be `` dominant '' ? 
  as far as i can see there 's one dominant country , canada , though the bulk of their wins are in the early 1900s . 
  ( as in , 1900-1950 ) i 'm not counting the soviet union because they clearly did performance enhancing drugs http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ice_hockey_at_the_olympic_games, 
  populistic extreme right white groups are now anti-islam rather than anti-semitic , the increased anti-semitism comes from muslim groups motivated by palestine/israel situation white anti-semitic hate is more-or-less gone save for a few continental countries like romania and stuff and even there it 's directed at roma people more than anything else, 
  [ you mean sweden and finland ? 
  ] ( http://www.iihf.com/de/home-of-hockey/championships/world-ranking/mens-world-ranking/2013-ranking.html ) [ also , sweden has been top 3 for pretty much a decade now ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/15/iihf_world_ice_hockey_ranking_between_2003_and_2011.png ) y so mad bro , 
  [ honestly best guy i 've seen on eurovision ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ov3xp5zxsya ), 
  i 've been to london and i 'll give props , you guys are uncommonly civilized about queuing, 
  do you guys see all these swedish `` comedy '' sketches too ? 
  what 's been his reaction to swedish and swedish `` comedy '' ? 
  genuinely made me laugh hard is this typical finnish humour ? 
  i admit i do n't communicate with enough finns to know  it reminds me a lot of * dolan pls * ( which started on a finnish site afaik ), 
  to be honest , when china , india , brazil , and indonesia are fully industrialized , and russia pulls its head out of its arse , europe will be so insignificant and unimportant that we 'll have no choice but to speak with some kind of united voice if we want to have any chance of promoting human values ( usa does n't seem to be up for it anymore and i think we all know what those other countries think of liberty and human dignity ... excluding brazil , which is probably going to be our best hope ), 
  this is a rare case where we should * not * wait for democratic consensus and just go ahead and force member states to support gay rights . 
  [ the blonde woman in the video ( elin krantz ) was later raped and killed by a man from ethiopia ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/34284/20110610/#.uzvvpcvkw3u ), 
  - most trustworthy : norway - least trustworthy : romania - most arrogant : france - least arrogant : finland - most compassionate : ireland - least compassionate : sweden, 
  depends which leftists we are talking about - s or v the current failed state of integration is a result of s policy so let 's just say they do n't have great ideas and let that suffice . 
  further , personally , i do n't even count s as leftist anymore . 
  v has n't ever been in power or had enough impact to have done anything and as far as i know v does n't even have any actual concrete suggestions for how integration should be done ; just loose utopia-esque ideas like `` support them through this tough transition and let them live their life in peace '', 
  it 's more-or-less true , the argument is mainly that their life will be improved significantly by coming to sweden/their life is so bad back home , so therefore they should be allowed to come to sweden , human solidarity and all that jazz, 
  since when is 25-34 `` young '' adult ? 
  what the ... that 's a grown-ass man !, 
  i moved out after military service , around 20 , and that was already considered a bit late, 
  i think they were on tour or something so they did n't compete this year, 
  [ i 'll just leave this here , seems like someone needs to be reminded ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jk21dke0vk ), 
   they claimed local authorities had ignored their warnings that the woman was under threat and needed protection . 
  this is unfortunately often the case , swedish police is worthless at protecting women from violent situations especially non-white women , because they know the pr backlash will be minimal ; the public will just be distracted by getting angry about honor killings and not care about whether the police did their job, 
  srsly greece ? 
  how do you keep track of tax payers with names like tha - ... oh ... 
  the way i see it , westeros is the british isles and london is king 's landing ( pretty obvious imo ), 
  all hallows may be observed by catholics , but it is not a catholic holiday ( same for christmas ) they are both pagan in origin, 
   providing german muslims with a legal holiday in the holy fasting month of ramadan and another during the feast of the sacrifice would be `` an important sign of integration '' . 
  a holiday that only applies to a specific portion of society ? 
  that is not integration , that is very nearly the opposite, 
  some more than others though apparently , nurses and teachers get payed less than some plumbers , for example ... 
  only male professions count, 
  socialism plumbers and construction workers make as much as engineers and doctors, 
   so , their competitiveness is also sinking , and it is not because they are idiots/lazy/crazy spenders , it is what happens when you join too diverse economies , it is economics 101 . but only some of the economies have suffered , others have not . 
  pretending like anyone with a 101 economics course could have predicted the euro crisis is just laughable . 
  the premise is artificial and constructed to avoid having to face the reality that some countries in the eu are just simply irresponsible, 
   cyprus could not have followed the same path because of the euro and although nobody forced cyprus to join , nobody forced the eu to accept it either . 
  i ca n't even make out what this means , what do you mean nobody forced the eu to accept `` it '' what is `` it '' ? 
  how does `` it '' relate to cyprus and the euro ? 
  because all failing states are southern states , apart from iceland , which recovered within weeks, 
  i certainly never claimed to have interviewed a statistically significant sample size of southerners, 
  i 've tried this line of arguments with southerners before and every time they deflect and start ranting about how unfair it is that the rescue money they are being given is n't for free and it 's not their fault that politicians are corrupt etc. 
  just basic lack of a sense of responsibility and an entitlement mentality, 
  switzerland and sweden are different countries ... 
  what do you think about suomi having the same root as swede ? 
  the theory would be that they ( the finns ) would call themselves whatever `` later-to-be-suomi '' had become at that point ( which would carry the meaning of `` of our own '' or `` our tribe '' to them , see the explanation for swede in this thread ) while using ruotsi ( from roslagen ) to refer to `` sweden '' also explains why the `` swedes '' would start calling them finn , from `` wandering people '' ( see risgu who also responded to your comment ), 
  social welfare and that stuff is ( afaik ) partly limited to swedish citizens ; most street beggars are from eastern europe , i think romania is pretty common , many are n't even homeless but just have to beg because they are unemployable ( alcoholic , drug user , do n't speak swedish etc. ), 
  sweden ( non-exhaustive ) : an old princess i 'd never heard of is dead street beggars are complaining that they are n't getting enough money from street begging world 's biggest ship is coming to gothenburg ( a swedish port-town ), 
  scandinavia can into anorexia, 
  i think the people asked read the question in the context of `` europe contra russia '' rather than `` eu vs something else '', 
  naw , i know people with equally `` islamic '' names who are not muslims at all it 's just a name their parents gave them, 
  does n't say anything more than ops link about their religion ... 
  pedophiles routinely convince themselves that they are making the child feel good and that there 's nothing wrong with what they are doing . 
  it 's not that they wait in an alley and ambush a child , it 's mostly someone close and it 's often motivated out of love , it 's not often motivated by the same type of aggression that lies behind normal rape the nature of pedophile sex is fundamentally different from normal sex which is what makes pedophiles a greater danger . 
  if a normal person continually tries to have sex at bars or whatever , and eventually succeeds , nothing bad has happend . 
  if a pedophile does the same then every child that 's been `` hit on '' will potentially realize that they were almost pedophile 'd and this will stay with them for a long time , shaping their relationship to adults and the course of their lives . 
  comparing pedophile sexuality to normal-people sexuality is comparing pairs and bananas, 
   tell me , what is this 100 % accurate way to test that someone is a pedophile , who is inevitably going to commit a crime ? 
  1 . show picture of naked child 2 . erection yes/no ? 
  3 . profit  yes you did .
