  just as with the iraqis today it did n't work the first time in germany because germans still identified with prussian militarism and in opposition to the rest of europe . 
  just as iraqis today by and large see themselves in opposition to the west and trying to assert an identity dug up from the past . 
  isis was created by the us , as was said , the same way the nazi party was `` created '' by the us, 
   they engaged in widespread insurgency because they do n't have fucking jobs and are being killed by shiite militias !, 
  again with this logic of absolving them of responsibility of their actions . 
  it does not even make sense . 
  why would they form an insurgency against the us because a shia militia has gone rogue ? 
  it was clearly never aimed at any shia militias because sustaining something like the battle of fallujah for as long as they did requires * more than just a few disgruntled baathists . 
  sure they did n't like shias but the insurgency was about fighting the us , not protecting themselves from shias . 
  also not having a job is not an excuse to go on a pillage-and-rape spree for decades . 
   there were protests by sunni women back in 03 ' -04 ' demanding the coalition provisional authority restore their husband 's job . 
  at the same time , sunni enclaves and districts were getting attacked by shiite militias while us forces were stationed around the green zone and forbid from engaging in sectarian battles . 
  that 's how the insurgency started . 
  so they were being attacked by shia militias and the us did n't do anything to help them and their response is to start killing americans ? 
  this does not make sense even if we accept your starting point of them having no free will and are just slaves to some kind of computer program-type reaction mechanism of automated response . 
   you do know that majority of sunnis in iraq are baathists right ? 
  it 's not `` a few baathists '' , it 's a huge number , around 103,000 people . 
  many joined the baathist party not because they were loyal , but because they needed a job and a salary from saddam . 
  americans think that all baathists are dirty evil foreigners who engage in arm smuggling , and that 's a huge mistake in their part . 
  i do n't know why you think iraq in 2000s after a * very * restrictive us campaign with zero civilian bombings ( that were widespread in ww2 , germany literally was in ruins ) is just a mad-max desolate wasteland where people have no choice but violence to survive while somehow germany had infrastructure and jobs readily available after ww2 germany and japan had those things because they chose to build their nation rather than resist the occupation . 
  and for some reason you think nazi members were treated better than baathists or that baathists are more widespread than nazis were . 
  none of this makes sense or is in line with reality . 
   there are 86.7 million members of the chinese communist party . 
  only 20 % of the ccp joined out of loyalty whereas the rest joined because of work and business opportunities . 
  now , if america invaded chinese , took over the chinese government and forbid every ccp member from getting a job , that would pretty much turn all of china into civil war . 
  let 's not get in to speculations on `` what would definitely happen in this completely made up situation assuming my own argument is definitely true '' it adds nothing . 
  and for the record something much much worse than this has already happened in china ( at the hands of the japanese ) and no they did n't resort to brutal civil war first chance they got . 
   people alive at the time had no experience of a functional government , all they knew was a brutal dictator i think this vastly underestimates the iraqi people they had and have just as much experience of a free society as germans and japanese after ww2 did , probably more because of internet and communications, 
   yeah but many nazi party members were not expelled from german society after wwii . 
  many nazi party members , soldiers and even hitler youth kids went on to live stable lives and take part in postwar germany . 
  there is no reason baathists ca n't live stable lives and take non-political roles in society just like with nazis again , the difference is nazi officers did n't have a broad base of civilians with very little war exhaustion ( because of the comparably humane invasion of iraq towards civilians compared to germany and japan ) both had a pervasive narrative and identity built around defying `` the imperial west '' including democracy as a concept , but the germans and japanese * chose * a stable future while the iraqis * chose * the current path . 
  not all iraqis , but enough of them ( clearly ) . 
   debaathification started off trying to emulate denazification , but became completely the opposite of denazification as months go . 
  the differences that exist arose only because iraqis decided to engage in widespread insurgency after the mlitary had collapsed despite the us doing everything it could to win * the hearts and minds * of the iraqis just like they did after ww2 . 
  and ( again ) the germans and japanese chose differently from the iraqis . 
  a * widespread * popular resistance against america formed in iraq and * that * is the basis of isis . 
  the reaction of the iraqis is * not * the fault of america . 
  isis is a grass roots movement , these people have actively * chosen * this path . 
  a few baathists that are out of a job can not create something like isis . 
  isis is a product of america the same way obama is a product of geroge w bush , but bush is * not * responsible for what obama does . 
  added :  and emperor hirohito maintained his position after the war , and many former japanese soldiers went on to become businessmen . 
  are you saying saddam should have maintained his position ? 
  there are many differences between the position of hirohito and saddam but to say that removing saddam somehow enraged or insulted iraqis the way removing hirohito would have is ridiculous . 
  and also even if hirohito was removed i very much doubt japan would have developed much differently considering the identity of honor and militarism part of the japanese identity was dismantled and the japanese ( and germans ) accepted this , the iraqis have not . 
   and i think that you 're kind of insulting iraqis by saying that their people ca n't govern properly . 
  that 's not what i said , i said they 've made a choice not to . 
   kurdistan is doing okay kurdistan is doing okay precisely because they have made different choices from the rest of iraq and because they do n't identify with iraq but with kurdistan and desire a path that is different from what the iraqis have chosen . 
   and iraq was not meant to be a nation since the hashemites ( who currently run jordan ) are the sole owners of iraq and iraq was actually created by the british during the sykes-picot agreement . 
  what are you even saying here ? 
  it 's one thing to suggest splitting up iraq into more harmonious zones with less conflict but what the fuck relevance does a hundred year old territorial expansionist regime have today ? 
  this is like saying finland should not exist as a nation because it was always `` owned '' , as you say , by the swedish king and russian tzars invaded them once and they only exist because of a peace deal . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/denazification they did the same thing in germany ( everything they did in iraq was based on what worked after wwii ) it did n't work in iraq because iraqis reject stable government ( pretty much out of spite ) while germans and japanese embraced stable government . 
  and this is the only important difference that leads to these vastly different outcomes : the people . 
   these people created isis/daesh why is it germans and japanese can form a functional government from a power vacuum created by usa moving in and removing their rulers but * every single * middle eastern country devolves into tribal fighting and this is somehow blamed on the us the primary responsibility for having a functioning society is on the people in that society , not the us, 
  on the one hand we should really not have monarchs but on the other hand i do n't give a fuck, 
  greece is however , the only country that * never * subsequently hit those targets even after joining, 
  swedes have always been willing to fight for their country , fight to the last finn . 
  ah the ol' hail mary of national economics it 's a bold move let 's see if it pans out, 
  yeah you 'd be a regular `` sverigedemokrat '', 
  [ you just hate us cus we anus ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hhgd-rcp1-e ), 
  what would be interesting is isis fighers / muslim population rather than total population, 
  250 000 out of 500 mil is 0.05 %, 
  you might say they went ... 
  nuts, 
  because we are liberal feminazi cultural marxist muslim atheists, 
  one would think other european nations would have stood up for human decency by now but i guess with eurovision and everything people have just been busy, 
  inb4 vodka attack on charlie hebdo, 
  and homosexuals , i did n't think finland had such a problem with gay people, 
  i 'm not talking about random redditors, 
  who wants them to drown or die ? 
  some people do n't want them coming , but * preventing * them dying is what they use as their `` reason '' for preventing them no one says they want them to die, 
  that forehead makes him look like the [ previous swedish prime minister ] ( http://media.bergsblogg.se/2013/04/fredrik-reinfeldt.jpg ), 
  that 's a nice camp , in most of europe they do n't live in camps though, 
  see this is the first step of the church changing its position though when enough people begin to ignore a dogmatic church and it becomes too irrelevant it will try to `` get with the kids '' and try to adopt more youth-friendly or inclusive positions, 
  i 'm sure they just somehow confused the invasion of belgium with anschluss of austria, 
  the church of sweden has changed as a result of pressure from the public , in fact i 'm willing to say all religions mirror the beliefs of their ( active ) adherents i do n't like it when people say things like `` it 's the church not the people '' because that 's bullshit if the people had different values the church would be different, 
  this is the saltiest comment i 've ever seen mmmhh so tasty, 
  birthplace of hitler and josef fritzl , how can it not be ? 
  said by this guy http://politiken.dk/debat/profiler/engelbreth/ racist quotes gathered from danish media : http://www.humanisme.dk/hate-speech/, 
  that 's got ta be missing data though there 's no way they have zero gdp in such a big area, 
  in all seriousness denmark has become an extreme case to the point where if you ever put forward a social justice or progressive thought you can genuinely be attacked as a [ `` decent '' ] ( http://www.dn.se/kultur-noje/de-kallar-oss-de-anstandiga/ ) person using `` decent '' as a an accusation , insult , or general ( accepted ) way to invalidate the argument ( could n't find proper translation , you can try google if you want ) that is , if you air the idea that maybe refugees deserve asylum for instance , the argument can be branded `` anst\u00e4ndigt '' / `` decent '' and supposedly the accusing side has now won the argument crazy shit, 
  `` the cause '' calm your tits there klansman, 
  moron 1 . you need the eea 2 . you are in no position to `` shut it down '' 3 . 
  eu has problems but they can be fixed 4 . you are having to obey eu regulations anyway except you do n't have a vote, 
  any idea why honhonhon vetoed uk membership ? 
  the words of finnish i know besides curse words are puuvilla and k\u00e4sinpesu and ohjelma from symbols and guesswork i 'm hoping these mean : cotton , hand wash , and washing in some kind of general term, 
  tl ; dr : less brown people , more * hyggelig *, 
  what exactly is so bad about france that all these people have to flee it 's borders to the uk and * only * the uk ? 
  i 'm assuming they are trying to make an asylum claim in the uk based on their country of origin , though i could be wrong, 
  i 'm gon na go out and buy 5kg salmiak and a washing machine to support the finnish economy, 
  second this copenhagen is a lot better than stockholm also want to mention vienna, 
  if there was ever a country we should spend money on getting into the eu it is ukraine the mount of arable land we would gain would make europe competition for india and us in terms of potential food production http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arable_land#/media/file:arable_land_percent_world.png, 
  as far as i can tell from preliminary internet research ( read : wikipedia ) , istanbul is either a bastardization of constantinople or greek for `` to the city '' both of which are pretty shit ways to name a city, 
  i think it was first named constantinople but constantine tried to popularize the name neo roma afterwards but people just kept calling it constantinople, 
  shit 's fucked up, 
  is there a source on this quote ? 
  cus that is creepy as fuck, 
  because germans are boring, 
  i dunno about any of that stuff so could n't say, 
  [ a yugoslav civil war faction was able to shoot down a first generation stealth fighter ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1999_f-117a_shootdown ) is there any evidence that the f35 is actually `` better stealth '' rather than just allowing for better aerodynamics at `` same stealth '' ?
