  i do n't support them because of their roots but their position is by no means radical or racist by any european standard, 
   that does n't say at all what they want to change . 
  i suppose you have a better source for what they `` really '' want than the party 's own party program ? 
   and then there are the masses of sd members that have been outed as hard on racists . 
  i 'm assuming you mean hard * line * racists , what you said has the opposite meaning . 
  and of course the only party that is n't supporting the current immigration policy will attract extremists but the stance of the party is not extreme this is like saying the us republican party is in favor of confederate secession and reinstating slavery because some of its members are, 
   but not as radical/borderline racist as sd . 
  http://sverigedemokraterna.se/var-politik/ this is their party program concerning immigration ( google translate ) :  sweden democrats is not opposed to immigration , but believes that immigration must be kept at such a level , and be of such a character that it does not pose a threat to our national identity and to our country 's prosperity and security . 
  immigration should not be used as a substitute for real refugees . 
  the rules for family immigration must be designed in such a way that they do not contribute to creating increased segregation or other social and economic problems . 
  the economic reasons are forced to stay in a country where you do not feel comfortable and do not want to live is destructive to both the country as for the individual . 
  an active and generous support should be given to the migrants who wish to return to their home countries . 
  google translate breaks down a bit from `` the economic reasons '' it should say `` to be forced because of economic reasons to stay in a country ... '' i do n't think this is an extreme text , do you ? 
  maybe the thing about national identity but remove those two words and i think anyone can subscribe to the sentiments in the text no ? 
  no we are n't now but that is because we have had control of our national bank and monetary policy for all this time and thus have a viable economy it is because the greek economy is not viable that a. people * need * a welfare state often to survive and b. funding welfare through loans has become normalized if sweden had a weaker economy and no control of our national bank/monetary policy i 'm not sure we would be better off than for instance finland ireland spain or italy , maybe not at greece levels * yet * the whole ez project is premature and should have been formed in a multi step plan where larger and larger regions integrate markets and eventually build a common european one ( ie . 
  latins form one nordics form one etc. 
  gradually harmonizing each region with another ), 
   are you saying a democratic society can take no responsibility for the democratic decisions of their democratically elected representatives ? 
  in this case , what do you mean by taking responsibility ? 
  greece has a lot of guilt in this crisis and i do n't like it when people try to minimize that but i think greeks are by and large trying to take responsibility ( as evident in the surplus it is running ) even though the situation is pretty hopeless, 
  ironically sweden voted no mostly because we did n't want to end up in pretty much the exact situation greece is in, 
  try egypt , saudi arabia , lebanon , turkey ? 
   how did your german family acquire those nice things ? 
  ...  our grandmother bought olive oil from the nazis using two caret ( and larger ) diamonds . 
  sugar , flour and bread were also used to barter for ancient art , gold and jewelry . 
  i 'm gon na say they bought 'em with sugar , flour and bread ? 
  i do n't know why you are imagining them to be patrons of western values just because they are fighting isis though, 
  al qaeda have fought isis , does n't make them less extremist, 
  no they genuinely do n't do it, 
   is the solution when dealing with stalinism then to paint them all the same and attack the whole labour movement taking all the left on at once ? 
  this happened in my country and for a while our leftist parties were actual communists so this is not a hypothetical situation nor is the problem of violent factions within ideological groups one we have n't faced before . 
  their reaction was to distance themselves from stalinists and try to paint * themselves * as more centrist politically . 
  muslims generally do n't do this but instead for some reason , as you say , extremists benefit from such accusations . 
  now let me ask you why do you think this is ? 
  not all extremists are wahhabists and anyway they are n't as isolated from the rest of islam as you appear to think, 
   the big question is how do you reason about what to worry about . 
  people have been massacred for putting out a cartoon of mohammed saying `` 100 lashes if you do n't die of laughter '' . 
  there 's my starting point . 
  juts say no comment and hang up ? 
  apparently it 's the responsibility of everyone except the ones actually rioting and throwing shit at police cars, 
  again it 's the question of what do you have reason to worry about by your logic if we acknowledge one security threat we have to acknowledge every security threat there is a reason why the nsa is worried about islamist attacks and not jewish conspiracies, 
  did n't you know jet fuel ca n't melt steel beams ? 
  for the governments of the eurozone the internal political backlash would be worse if they simply refused to participate . 
  this way they can pretend like they were willing to come to a deal but the other parties of the creditors did n't agree with them and thus magically they take the credit for trying to help greece and the blame goes to imf or ecb or other creditor nations . 
  they are essentially playing good cop bad cop with imf being bad cop but imf is played by arnold schwarzenegger so the audience likes him for being a bad cop . 
   their commitment to negotiations and the ongoing drama is angering the right-leaning voters who simply do n't want to give greece any more money and want everything to be over asap . 
  i do n't think anyone is advocating terminating negotiations before the deadline and the governments can already say `` we want to help but on terms that are fair to [ country ] 's tax payer etc. '', 
  which works for both those who want an deal and those who do n't, 
   wow . 
  the germans have the right to `` demand '' that the greeks work hard for them , huh ? 
  i 'm just going to leave this here for the world to see and stare . 
  germany , acting as one of many albeit the largest creditor nations of greece in the eu , absolutely has a right to but demands on greece when greece is accepting said credit . 
  if you have a roomate who is in debt and unable to pay rent and you decide to accept a few months of payment until roomate gets back on his/her feet do n't you feel like you should have a say in how actively the roomate should be working on finding a new job or solution for income before you accept paying more months of rent ? 
   is tripe . 
  the reset button after wwii my ass . 
  explain why greek hard work was in such a disadvantageous position compard to poland for example then, 
  in what way has it hurt the creditors image ? 
  they are putting forward strict demands and are sticking to their own calculations on what is required for their loan to be repaid which demonstrates that the money in the imf is not likely to be wasted - which can only be good for their reputation the imf is not responsible for greece , the imf is responsible for its money, 
   no , we 're not talking about germany v greece - what a ridiculous way to view the crisis . 
  we are n't talking about the whole crisis here we are talking specifically about the sentiment expressed in this comment  and the north europeans will be satisfied reading at bild that `` we won !!, 
  ! the lazy greeks will keep paying !!, 
  ! fuck them !!! '', 
  where it is suggested [ if you follow the link in that comment ] that greeks in fact work harder than germans . 
  the issue then is n't about the cause of the crisis but about the question of who has moral grounds to demand harder work from the other . 
   are you somehow under the impression that the past 200 years have been easy on greece ? 
  from the end of the second world war the economic performance of either country is irrelevant as they both more or less had their reset button pushed . 
   hard work from one person will lead to different results than hard work from another yes and my point is there is no specific reason why greek hard work would yield less than danish finnish baltic polish or german hard work after the second world war . 
  the position of greece right now has to at some point , especially when compared to the performance of countries that started way behind them , be attributed to the greeks . 
  and to suggest that the greeks have always been running in headwind and their very hard efforts are simply masked by circumstance while at the same time claiming germans to be the lazy ones is not going to help anyone especially as the situation right now requires german sympathy for greeks, 
  obviously there needs to be negotiations if tsipiras is going to be able to claim that he was negotiating the negotiations were never intended for anything other than theatre, 
   and who is they exactly ? 
  all muslims ? 
  or wahhabis ? 
  obviously not all muslims , but this is like saying because not all russian tourists are an unflagged invasion force we should n't be worried about russian militarism, 
  and there is n't much to talk about , but tsipiras wants to give off the impression that he is negotiating for his people because of greek politics internationally it 's of no consequence though : either they accept or they do n't, 
   oh god , not this discussion again . 
  was this supposed to counter my point ? 
  [ here are some oecd findings ] ( http://www.keepeek.com/digital-asset-management/oecd/industry-and-services/oecd-compendium-of-productivity-indicators-2015/labour-productivity_pdtvy-2015-7-en#page2 ) [ and chart ] ( http://stats.oecd.org/index.aspx?datasetcode=pdb_lv )  it is possible to acknowledge greece 's contribution to its own financial malaise while also accepting that yes , `` luck '' - to put it very euphemistically - is a huge and arguably much more important part of the answer here . 
  to suggest otherwise , is to suggest that global financial inequalities in general are simply down to how hard the people of each country work , which is clearly abject nonsense . 
  so a country that was bombed to smithereens 70 years ago and split down the middle in a geopolitical stand-off for about 50 years subsequently has somehow had such favorable circumstances that whatever contribution came from the work ethic of its people is negligible compared to the situation in greece where somehow the situation has been so bad and out of the hands of the greek people that hard work could would just have been wasted effort and nothing would be different ? 
  we do n't need to generalize this to every country world-wide as we are only talking about germany vs greece and in each country the degree to which hard work has been able to be an influential factor has obviously varied , hard work in a communist state will never pay off for example , but in the case of greece vs. germany many of those factors were similar or the same if not in greece 's favor, 
  i 'm not comparing severity of the aversion towards jews vs muslims i 'm comparing what support or motivation there is for such aversion to exist antisemitism - they were overrepresented in upper middle class ( taken as evidence of some kind of deep conspiracy plot ) `` islamophobia '' - they are openly shooting people and hacking people up with machetes in the street and leaving notes pinned with a knife in author 's chests saying `` for the prophet '' ( taken as evidence they are willing to violently impose their religion ) i think one is unsubstantiated , one less so . 
  you decide which is which . 
  longer hours does not mean harder work you are suggesting that the wealth gap between greece and germany is somehow a product of luck or something other than germans earning more and paying more taxes and it 's disingenuous there are lots of problems in greece and nothing is gained by pretending like this situation has simply landed in greece 's lap for no reason and if only stupid germany would n't be such a sandy bitch and just hand over the money already greece would be fine, 
  they killed jesus obviously, 
  jews were never assassinating authors or shooting up satirists in the name of judaism there is a very clear difference, 
  * you are mistaken comrade i did n't upload these photos and they are not of me anyway is only mistake i do n't even use this website you mention *, 
  try going to the bank and say `` i fulfill 90 % of the requirements for this loan . . what more can i do ??? '', 
  and see what they say the answer is the same, 
  russia-china will never challenge the us in anything but conventional military might because no one aspires to the ideals of these countries the only extent to which people support russia and china is the extent to which they mimic the ideals of the us or are able to dupe people into believing that they represent the ideals of the us this means that in the long run and on a global scale the us will always stand above these two even if they combine into a single country, 
  there is both permanent and temporary asylum granted on a case-by-case basis ( except for in sweden with syria where we give all syrians permanent residence ), 
  a u turn that ends in the same direction it started, 
  sweden stronk, 
  they have been taking measures to combat tax evasion and corruption though and all sides agree that greece needs to improve on that area, 
  greek tax evasion is hardly breaking news, 
  the us have n't done this is any other middle eastern country than iraq though your comment seems to suggest they have invaded all of them, 
  they are already at war but yes i think it 's dangerous and irresponsible to try to spread the conflict, 
  i think they are trying to provoke russia into ( formal ) open war , i think they still feel that most of the world is unsure whether ukraine is fighting russia or just an internal rebellion and i think they are hoping the world will act to help them more directly if the war becomes less complicated from the pr perspective, 
  yes kaiser wilhelm ii that democratically elected emperor , whose rule transitioned smoothly into a well functioning democracy that devolved into dictatorship within a few election cycles . 
  and it 's not like that window of elective governments had put democracy in a positive light .
