  well yes but a smaller proportion of total size is comprised of artillery compared to russia, 
  i guess they do n't consider spain part of the core currency bloc, 
  well i mean there are worse stereotypes out there than mdma and weird dancing, 
   120mm gun is this the porno bbc version of tank guns ? 
  what tank is that, 
  usa cus freedum, 
  these are the most stereotypical german young people i 've ever seen, 
  well now i got ta play mass effect again, 
  i meant more like comparing performance from [ red flag exercise ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/red_flag_exercise ) and stuff a plane that 's worse `` on paper '' might be better in real life just because of how they handle in the air and such like how for example f15 was developed cus what the us used at the start of korean war turned out to be easy targets despite having better performance numbers than the north korean migs ? 
  maybe i 'm mixing up which war it was though also things like flyable hours , maintenance cost , downtime between missions seem like things that are hard to get numbers on without looking at actual military operations with the jet i 'd love to see some kind of competent person or group put together all of these factors and compare the jets, 
   aircraft numbers pretty sure f15 got the whole russian air force beat there ? 
  am i wrong or is artillery only ever useful in offensive large scale warfare ? 
  what is the purpose of all that russian artillery if not to attack its neighbors ? 
  is defensive artillery fire a thing ? 
  i mean the us does n't have much artillery because they are trying to avoid hurting civilians right ? 
  i guess russia does n't give a fuck, 
  that paint job is too glossy and the contrast between colors is too great a tank should not shine in the sun or `` pop '' in a picture imo :p, 
   prime minister stefan lofen apologized for any interpretations which may have caused offense to ** saudi arabia ** or islam this did n't happen, 
  i wonder if saudi mistook http://wp.risalah.se/?p=1579&amp;lang=sv for a government apology seems weird to just be like `` well the important thing is that you apologized '' when we really did n't apologize maybe they are relying on media confusion to save face while maintaining ties to sweden so they can fund mosques here, 
  i thought there 'd be more [ romanians ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk/2013/jan/27/uk-immigration-romania-bulgaria-ministers ), 
  any ( reliable ) documentary or article comparing the top fighter jets ? 
  specifically russian jets vs. eurofighter and/or us fighter jets, 
  i 'll have you know i graduated top of my class in the navy seals , and i 've been involved in numerous secret raids on al-quaeda , and i have over 300 confirmed kills . 
  i am trained in gorilla warfare and i 'm the top sniper in the entire us armed forces . 
  totes rustled them jimmies, 
  oh you 're completely sure he did n't rape them women are you ? 
  okay well you see in the rape capital of europe we take rape charges a bit more seriously than that i guess, 
  top kek absolute top kek, 
  oh shit i pissed off the mounties, 
  russia seems dead set on regressing all the way to the stone age, 
   he did not wish to `` give ammunition to those who think jews like to portray themselves as victims '' . 
  that 's fucked up, 
  imagine being on that vessel pants = shat, 
  people who pray at a statue of fucking leonidas deserve sympathy now ? 
  and supporters of golden dawn , a neo-nazi party , are victims ? 
  and on top of that , i should n't ridicule these useless fucks for saying a tolerant immigration policy is somehow lame ? 
  greece had been covering government spending with loans for a long time before that and the greek people should have reacted, 
  you think my country has too liberal immigration policies ? 
  all i can say is , enjoy voting for your golden dawn and stay an ignorant underdeveloped shit-tier country . 
  the only thing golden in your country 's future will be the golden showers they have to put up with to pay for dinner as you will have left them nothing else to offer the world . 
  * `` blood , honor , golden dawn '' * ? 
  lol . 
  absolutely pathetic . 
  they are in the euro because they lied about their economy how does this absolve them of guilt ? 
  english tory ? 
  do n't you have kids to molest ? 
  i do n't know why you think `` this was n't exclusive to greece '' is a valid defense of improper practices in greece . 
  what do the failings of spain , africa , and eastern europe have to do with anything ? 
  yes they did bad too , so what ? 
   i 'm going to assume this is ignorance , the greek welfare system and the welfare system present in the nordic countries are vastly different and in no way comparable . 
  greece age of retirement at 55 years old . 
  in sweden we are considering raising ours to 75 . 
  the fact greek economy is less developed and therefore provides worse quality does nothing to reduce the amount of government spending . 
   similarly , ww1 was a `` cynical move '' that should have been punished . 
  that was the logic behind the versatile treaty . 
  remind me again , what happened after this punishment ? 
  ww1 started with the murder of an archduke of one of the largest empires of europe . 
  are you saying this was a planned action by germany to start a war and therefore it is right to punish germany ? 
  puh-lease , do n't be disingenuous . 
   anti-british sentiment is rife in european countries as well as pakistan . 
  have literally never heard any anti british sentiment in national media . 
  sweden did n't default , if you read the link you 'll see there are ways an effective and competent government can handle a credit crunch without defaulting . 
  in fact , defaulting would have been a disaster and i 'm pretty sure sweden would have the economic development of bulgaria today if we had defaulted . 
   i can guarantee you that the majority of northern countries would be in civil war if they lost 30 % of their economy . 
  based on what ? 
  your own need for self aggrandizing , nothing more . 
  i get that you want some solace for being in a shit situation , but do n't assume that you are somehow handling it like a hero or better than anyone else could . 
   no more so than other european countries , you would know this if you actually read the wiki you cited . 
  you mean no more than the baltics and possibly italy ? 
  yeah those 2 regions are hallmarks of general european attitudes to taxes . 
  please , do n't be disingenuous . 
   greek firms could not compete with the industrial powerhouses of france , the uk and germany , thus decreasing their export sector so they decided to fill the gap in the economy with unsustainable loans to keep the populace happy in the softest welfare state on the continent , making the nordic welfare states look like sweatshop economies . 
  yeah no greek fault here no sir , it 's all the evil german 's fault for not paying those loans for free . 
  a fiscal union would not have solved the problem . 
  greece would not have the same welfare state but their economy would still shrink and they would end up as analogous to a rural us fly-over state . 
  greece had no business in the eurozone in the first place . 
  their economy was not strong enough and they knew it because they fudged their numbers in order to join , expecting germany to have to step in if their economy later on ran into problems . 
  incredibly cynical move and it should be punished . 
   yea , no other countries ran deficits , nope , not a single one . 
  they are n't in greece 's situation today so ... 
   alexandra pascalidous her chief concern is to create sob stories and tell the tale of the hapless citizen who is just a victim of everything . 
  and present herself as a super caring person in the process ( this is usually her primary concern , actually ) . 
  a world built by people with this point of view would be a terrible place to live , even though it may have all the best intentions . 
   at the same time , it 's harder to get people to start paying taxes for healthcare , when they are then expected to pay again with a bribe this is where fiscal discipline of the populace and a sense of social ownership and responsibility become deciding factors . 
  greeks obviously lack these qualities , and the country is suffering as a result . 
  yeah blame the wealthy when sweden had our credit crunch , we [ sucked it up and sorted it out instead of whining to germany ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_banking_rescue ) why ca n't greece do the same ? 
  the strictness of the terms of the bailout were set by the imf . 
  their terms are set based on an evaluation of greek fiscal policy and what they think is likely to be required in order for the imf to get their money back . 
  nowhere did i say european solidarity had anything to do with this . 
  but how likely the greeks are to repay a debt is highly relevant no ? 
  also , the greek culture of tax evasion is well documented and well known . 
  i 'm not sure what you are trying to say with your first paragraph but one this is evident : there is a reason why greece was hit so badly by the wall street crash - they were spending beyond their means and borrowing to repay their loans . 
  this is was going on for a long time and the greek public did nothing in terms of political pressure to temper the borrowing or increase tax revenue . 
  this is something other countries did not do and therefore can only be said to be down to greek attitudes . 
  sweden suffered an economic meltdown of our own a while ago , [ we sorted it out without eu help ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_banking_rescue ) . 
  why should greece get better treatment ? 
  if you 're gon na guilt trip me into giving you money , i 'm gon na look at why you are in need of money in the first place and how likely you are to piss away the money as i give it, 
  probably wo n't stop seeing them until you start paying those taxes, 
  they are not contradicting each other, 
  how is it convenient ?
