  someone explain to me how iceland can be better off than countries that seemingly have every advantage over them in terms of trade opportunities , natural resources , industry etc. ? 
  looking mainly at spain france italy uk, 
  japan has a bit over 2x the population size of skorea though so japan will still be by far a larger economy, 
  this will all backfire when russia starts trying to rig their elections in their favor i will never trust an e-democracy https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w3_0x6oadmi, 
   re-establish a strong military presence on its forward baltic island , gotland . 
  ah yes , our one fighter jet and couple of dozen soldiers on gotland strong indeed, 
  it is n't about critical thinking putin is trying to justify increased aggression in ukraine for example by blaming nato for `` creeping west '' and putin also wants an `` enemy at the gates '' rhetoric to get russians to want to support the strong leader ( himself ), 
  comparing french with english in this way is preposterous everyone who has had a decent education should be able to put together something more legible than what was posted above aside from the french or the benelux , no one cares about french, 
   because without an imaginary goal everyone , struggle not for an ideal but only for themselves . 
  if i interpret this clusterfuck of a sentence correctly then i find it offensive . 
  do n't you know any mention of norse gods is racist ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_northern_war more like great northern war iii : return of the cold, 
  sami bite the dicks off of deer finns like to engage in drunk knife fights palestinians do n't like jews most kurds are secular , some are muslim most iranians are secular , some are muslim most arabs are muslim , some are secular jews are mostly secular, 
  copy of lovers on the sun, 
  [ blow em up ] ( https://youtu.be/k2yrhvxkexu?t=81 ) [ also that one tank we have ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n4el1g8yyoo ), 
  i 'm not supporting isis i 'm criticizing swedish spending priorities where a prisoner gets better food and lodgings than a soldier, 
  i 'm not blaming feminism i 'm blaming our military spending decisions i 'm using `` feminist foreign policy '' as a marker for a broader way of thinking about foreign policy and the military . 
  the military is seen as an evil entity that is constantly trying to trick the government into funding them, 
  you should n't build a military in preparation of war , you maintain it to keep the peace http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/si_vis_pacem,_para_bellum, 
  we 've been cutting defense spending for a lot longer than that, 
  i guess my view of feminism is broader than yours i do n't think you can seriously say that the previous government was a lot less feminist than the current one, 
  i 'm using feminist to denote an otherwise hard to define attitude or mode of thinking if it is unclear to you what i 'm referring to then think of it this way reinfeldt , like tyson , does not like - isms . 
  however , tyson embodies near enough everything that is valued in the `` new atheist '' movement . 
  therefore i would call him an atheist because it is an easy short hand rather than trying to accurately describe his attitudes to the world in some kind of meshed up mega-sentence of philosophical terms i do n't even understand . 
  reinfeldt is similarly , in my view , a feminist . 
  yes ? 
  i do n't think men need to be `` worked for '' if anything i 'll work for increased equality for women , i just recognize that modern mainstream feminism is not at all interested in the same thing and is by and large a cult, 
  i do n't consider myself a conservative so i do n't know why you are focusing on this  -- i era texter pratar ni om att det beh\u00f6vs en frihetsrevolution . 
  this is hardly refusing to call yourself a feminist by this logic [ neil degrasse tyson is not an atheist ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=czsmc5rwvos ), 
  are soldiers complaining about too little food ? 
  is this , even if indirect , a result of a long standing trend of cutting down on military spending ? 
  is this trend of cutting down military spending mostly fueled , politically , by the non-violence ideologies of the reds and opinion makers ( e.g. 
  are those people also mostly feminists and would probably , if you ask them , also themselves relate their non-violence attitude to their feminism ? 
  if you can answer no to any of these i 'll be glad to hear your opinion but i do n't think i 've misrepresented any of this to english readers, 
  sweden 's attitude to military spending has long been very much based on a non-violence dogma that is championed overwhelmingly by those that also call themselves feminist if you want to make the argument that this is a coincidence and their attitude has nothing to do with feminism then i guess i 'm in the wrong . 
  i use feminism here to denote the general attitude of the swedish ruling elite that the military is unnecessary and does not deserve funding ( while simultaneously sending them on these kinds of missions ), 
  this is n't my point my point is they ( the government and society in general ) have spent two-three decades defunding the military and are now expecting them to go up against the worst people in the worst places under the worst conditions, 
  are you saying alliansen did not claim to be feminist ? 
  every one of them apart from maybe kd did , and kd is such a marginal part of alliansen you ca n't really say alliansen was n't also drinking the kool aid also lol @ alliansen = conservative, 
   who i 'll remind you are comprised of all genders and orientations in the swedish military this is not true and even if it was i think you 'll notice 1800 kcal a day is sufficient for women , not men . 
  and i 'm not saying they are intentionally being starved , i 'm saying this situation is the result of a long history of de-prioritizing military spending ( yes : on the basis of feminist ideology ) in favor of other things * while at the same time sending the military to places like chad and mali *, 
  what she is excused because she is old ? 
  and how is the part you translated any less negative ? 
  the idea that there are men who have a similar attitude to women that racists have to people of color reveals an attitude where they have pitted themselves * against men * rather than * for women *, 
  they would not be at the mercy of the un if we had our spending priorities in order, 
   basic needs for everyone is a priority the basic needs of people they ( the government ) have intentionally put in harms way should be prioritized, 
  his interest is clearly not in the well being of the soldiers but rather covering his own ass as i 've said many times in this thread , the food shortage is probably not intentional but it is certainly a result of a long standing attitude towards military personell where they are given the bare minimum and sometimes less and are expected to go into war zones and act professionally a country like sweden not securing food supply for their soldiers is something that can only happen through negligence and fucked up priorities if you are going to send soldiers into a war zone , you better make sure they have all the supplies they need * and more *, 
  '' ** you left out an important bit, 
  you want scientific proof that the response  but the head of the swedish forces of the united nations-led operation has hit back : `` it 's a luxury problem . '', 
  is based on feminist principles ? 
  that 's ridiculous there is an apparent general attitude that these soldiers have no right to complain, 
  no , but sending new troops in harms way when the current ones out there are not even receiving enough food is irresponsible at best, 
  it seems like no one read the article i posted  but the head of the swedish forces of the united nations-led operation has hit back : `` it 's a luxury problem . '', 
  regardless of where the problem comes from , the people in charge are not apologetic in any way, 
  i 'm not saying the government is intentionally starving soldiers but their answer to the soldiers who complained about getting about 700 calories too little a day ( !!!! ), 
  was `` shut up this is a luxury complaint '' that is a huge problem, 
  no i do n't think this is intentional i get that you do n't understand swedish but basically in the second article i posted the response the soldiers got when they complained about the rations was `` shut up this is n't a luxury cruise '' now that is indicative of a general attitude towards soldiers, 
  basically saying hating men is a survival strategy, 
  common thinking in feminist ideology is that violence is part of the patriarchy and the military is an agent of violence and therefore we should not spend money on the military is this news to you ? 
  are you not familiar at all with feminist ideology ? 
  you do n't even know what you are asking for do you even know what scientific proof is ? 
  are you asking me to provide some sort of magical mind reading mri-type data on swedish government officials ? 
  the sane decision in that situation is to get more food ( i.e. 
  spend more money ) but the government ( same people that want to send them to fight isis now ) refused to give them that, 
  if you read the article i linked they 've recently changed that decision and are now trying to send armed forces to fight, 
  it has to do with the amount of resources you are willing to allocate to the military and the value you place on the life of a soldier yes, 
  scientific proof for what ? 
  that the government is actively pursuing a feminist foreign policy ? 
  government repeatedly denies expanded resources to the military , which is in such a state of funding that it is having difficulties supplying food to its current forces . 
  at the same time , the government wants to send them to fight isis where they risk being beheaded on the internet or burned alive ? 
  seems like completely intolerable treatment to me, 
  feminist foreign policy : overconsumption is part of the patriarchy . 
  soldiers should get by on a woman 's caloric needs because after all if a woman can do it so can a man right ? 
  money, 
  worst thing is i know for a fact that a number of sjw feminazis will sit in some cafe in stockholm thinking `` good , that 's what you get '' when they hear of dead servicemen in their world , joining a western military organization means you deserve the consequences, 
   in sweden a defamatory campaign has been launched in the media about the left party no, 
  stuck up jerks ? 
  stupid rednecks ? 
  really ? 
  is this guy 12 ? 
  norwegians are nationalistic ( read racist ) and not very hard working finns are gloomy and will pull a knife on you in a bar fight , also racists and alcoholics danes are self-aggrandizing racists, 
  all i can say is haters gon na hate also why is switzerland so sandy they aint got no beaches, 
  basically his mindset is `` gib moneys now pls no questions '', 
  this i like, 
  oh please greeks are far better off even with austerity than they would have been outside the eurozone, 
  but it 's ok if the good guys do it right ? 
  lib dem 97 % , labour 96 % , green 93 %, 
  i do n't think there ever was a war sweden just came in and stole shit after russia and poland had exhausted each other, 
  kinda skipped the first world war there ? 
  based turk, 
  do you realize how stupid you sound ? 
  yeah , you may be poor and without a future but at least you 're still a homophobe !, 
  you go girl , wear that badge with pride of course , as a greek , you much prefer [ little boys ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/homosexuality_in_ancient_greece ) over a consensual partner . 
  i guess small dicks need small holes to feel good ignorant uneducated vermin, 
  the fact that happy people dancing in the street is your idea of hell tells me a lot, 
  oh no please have mercy your wit is too much for me :(, 
  hahaha so mad, 
  what the fuck they really cut out people 's hearts ? 
  consider my jimmies rustled, 
  yes we see come we fuck we puke and we leave you to clean up the mess , because we can afford to do it and you ca n't afford to send us away,
