  if you 're just touching your own body , you should be allowed to touch your own body !, 
  no potato or tourism , only sadness, 
  super uneventful, 
  yes, 
   being rejected in customs that word , i do n't think it means what you think it means, 
  yes because denmark is famously located right between tchad and the congo , stay classy danske folkeparti, 
  or maybe man up with us and stop sending back asylum seekers to a bloody warzone, 
  this is the worst performance of it i 've ever heard though, 
  nobody sings that part and afaik we do n't even teach kids that it exists, 
  do you guys really have vampires in transylvania ? 
  do they sparkle ? 
  measuring this in % makes no sense at all, 
  estonia is a very quickly developing nation eesti can into nordic, 
  all original language , kids movies have swedish versions available, 
  wait so they kidnap two czech women to demand the release of someone in the usa ? 
  the fuck ... also , apostrophe does not make it plural , and women is already plural ( * sing . 
  woman * ), 
  the `` advertised speed '' is the allocated bandwidth , you do n't expect that to be the same as the speed you get in your home . 
  this is not unique to europe , it 's a fact of physics . 
  yeah no , usa might not be the best at everything anymore but they are a long shot better than a country that just made it illegal to even discuss homosexuality openly ... 
  it 's mostly about guaranteeing an independent media , not entertainment still there 's some entertainment but it 's mostly for old people, 
  so mad, 
  mathematics does n't have a nobel prize ... also , the science prizes are given by a completely different committee ( namely a swedish one ), 
  well i imagine things are a bit worse in transylvania , what with all the vampires ... 
   if you ca n't base a law on something other than `` i do n't like this '' , then it probably should n't be a law . 
  right on , i do n't get why the old law was n't sufficient as it was if there were people exploiting some `` loophole '' and having sex with animals without harming the animal physically or psychologically , then i do n't see why it should be illegal what if someone is deriving sexual pleasure from normally petting a cat ? 
  is it illegal for such a person to pet cats ? 
  ( ridiculous example to expose why it 's a bad idea to make the concept of beastiality illegal rather than classify it under animal abuse ), 
  what , we are the most harmless people ever, 
  well they had to rescue their `` auto industry '' or else obama would have looked anti-business for his second election who better to steal information from than the germans , then ? 
  although in their defense , it * is * important that we all make sure the germans do n't get any ideas about world domination again, 
  well so now we have two, 
  simply untrue , mexicans in the states do n't have a drinking problem for instance, 
  this map is stupid and wrong in many areas, 
  sweden seen by others : y u got ta be weird like that bro ? 
  sweden sees others : norway : cheated their way into welfare ( oil ) denmark : tries to be liberal but really , pretty racist ... [ lars von trier ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qpuqplh0irw&amp;t=0m26s ) finland : hard working weirdos to the east , together with japan the only country with a more serious case of national asperger 's than us, 
  you should know , [ dubstep dracula ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vghwfiavqja ) has forever changed my image of romania, 
  was a notoriously shitty school, 
  went to tallinn on a drunk cruise once and woke up with a tattoo on my arm , it 's a fucking ugly tattoo too ... tallinn is remarkably similar to certain parts of stockholm, 
  norway already has oil and we all already do the social democracy thing , your most important contribution will be cultural enrichment with kilts and braveheart ( and best english-speaking accent ), 
  although a scottsman might be pretty angry if you called him english ... 
  i went straight from an internship in san diego to a university outside geneva , it was a big change to get used to ... 
  pedestrians have the right of way in sweden , always . 
  if it 's a busy crossing then people will respect the lights for civility but other than that pedestrians own the streets biatch, 
  it all makes so much sense ... 
  switzerland - grocery stores close at 7 pm the fuck ? 
  invention of dynamite 2 . 
  abba - waterloo 3 . 
  they founded kiev , the `` kievan rus '' , as they were called , developed into russia and ukraine because mongol hordes, 
  i have a massive clue right now, 
  being `` the most equal country '' does n't mean that everyone has equality it 's called progress , it 's how we got to be so equal in the first place you should probably try it sometime, 
  sorry , are you even from sweden ? 
  do you know anything about the country 's history at all ? 
  there have been loads of riots through our post-war history and it has always turned out that the group that was rioting did it as the only way they knew how to signal their distress , which was always real and something that deserved to be addressed people do n't just riot for no reason , it 's not how people work, 
   would you make the same fucking claims if it were white swedish people rioting out there ? 
  i bet you would n't . 
  i bet you would go on and condemn them the same way any other rational person would . 
  modern sweden was born out of * white swedish people * protesting poor conditions and demanding a better life, 
  you are an idiot i 'm done here, 
   you will also have to explain why there are n't riots in inre norrland and every single old bruksort in sweden skin color matters you know , whether we like it or not . 
  the extra tension comes when , to their eyes , the only ones doing poorly in society are non-whites ... 
  living conditions is n't the issue , their living conditions are fine and they know that it does n't matter if they burn some stuff down ; it 'll just be rebuild ( and also they do n't care about libraries , schools , etc. ), 
  they have animosity towards society because they notice how separate they are from the rest of society . 
  they also probably notice that society apparently does n't need or want their participation aside from serving `` the swedes '' some yummy kebab and cleaning their facilities when they get off work, 
  ethnic swedes are at around 5 % unemployment , among the lowest in europe right now immigrants are upwards of 25 % that is a huge gap and it becomes obvious very quickly if you live in an area with 80 % immigrants that a lot of people are unemployed ( the immigrants that are employed and well paid do n't live in those areas , so there 's an extra concentration of the unemployed in these areas ) , meanwhile , society is working fine that affects self esteem , it creates an impression that they are n't needed or wanted by society and are just put away in suburbs to live their lives there, 
   so , you mean , that they are rioting because what they perceive to be unfair ? 
  what other reason could they possibly have ...  does n't that mean that everyone in the whole world , who is not as rich as bill gates et al can riot ? 
  nope and i think you know why , you are n't in a society full of bill gates et al and you are not singled out in that society as the only one who reliably never reaches success . 
   that just makes them spoiled idiots . 
  they feel vulnerable and singled out , you can call them what you want, 
  well i do n't know why i 'm expected to defend `` a common theme '' when i do n't subscribe to it, 
  perceived discrimination does not come from oecd statistics , a person in husby does n't care how people in norrland live or how unequal other countries are . 
  they see themselves and people like them grouped up in designated `` immigrant areas '' where people generally do n't succeed in life and society is marching on around them , but without them . 
  a society that is different from them in skin color and background , it creates a negative attitude towards society regardless of whether they actually have it the worst in that society or not ... 
  again , sweden was barely affected by the crisis , there was some reduced trade with countries that were affected but that was it ... i see no reason why somehow economic policy is n't in our own control . 
  sweden has its own currency and is in full control of its economic policy , not sure what you 're hinting at here ; the only obstacle the eu presents to the swedish economy is a ban on * snus * and * surstr\u00f6mming * . 
  a stratum of the population is feeling left out and discriminated , this is evidence of that . 
  yes , i am happy that this is happening because it puts the growing inequality in focus , which is the first step towards restoring equality . 
  a shouting match is still better than a circlejerk , at least people in the us are aware that it is possible to hold legitimate points of view that do n't agree with the mainstream without being an extremist, 
  it 's because we do n't have diverse opinions in sweden and if anyone disagrees with the majority held opinion he/she is ostracized basically all of our media has the same opinion on everything and we do n't have debates like you do in the us, 
  super terrible map, 
  well all i know is that the workload for doctors is way low compared to sweden, 
  doctors in sweden go to norway for better pay and less work , many swedish doctors go and work on-call in norway instead of going on holiday because the stress is so much lower ( even when on call ), 
  tldr ; they were pretty badass, 
  i never said rich people get motivated when you make their lives easier, 
  maybe we can even develop a concept where we put them in camps so they can concentrate on their work, 
  it is indeed , i never said it was n't , i 'm just saying it is n't really good for developing good character traits, 
  pretty much yes, 
  i 'm pretty sure the vast majority of them are born in sweden and therefore are not immigrants but are children to immigrant parents a sense of entitlement and whiny-ass petulant attitude like this is not something one learns from a harsh upbringing in conflict zones but rather by growing up in a place where most things are handed to you and you never have to learn to work for a living , but you still see `` the others '' doing so much better , which leads you to conclude that you are being discriminated against . 
  most actual immigrants are either happy to be in sweden or have already moved to somewhere else , i would wager almost none of them participate in these `` riots '' edit : note that this applies to `` ethnic swedish '' kids as well , it 's just that they do n't have the added ingredient of a skin-color divide in society , which makes it harder for them to find a legitimate reason to act up, 
  modern greece has absolutely zero to do with ancient greece except they share the same name . 
  `` past glory '' has to actually apply to some resemblance of the current country and climate for instance , italy is not a reduced form of the roman empire , modern communist china has nothing to do with the dynasties of 2000 years ago , mexico has nothing to do with the aztecs . 
  explain to me how any other country comes close, 
  ukraine and russia happens, 
  the only thing europe has succeeded in in the past 100 years has been to start a world war , kill each other , get into an economic depression , and then start another world war , and then the us built modern europe from the ashes with the marshall plan . 
  ( modern japan also owes all its success to the us btw ), 
  sweden would be in no better position than the other failed eastern european states if it were n't for american capital , g\u00f6ran persson went to ask private investors from wall street for money when the glorious socialist state overheated the economy and we have those investors to thank for the entire modern swedish economy yeah sweden totally deserves credit for being good at begging and leveraging american fear of the spread/resurgence of communism against them . 
  also , human rights ? 
  bitch please we were sterilizing `` genetically inferior '' peoples up to the 1980s, 
  copy pasta since everyone responded the same fucking way ... some things the usa did aside from fight wars ...  also carried the whole world into the 21st century by distributing technology , the internet , and being the overwhelmingly dominant hub of scientific research and progress in the world for the last century  yeah , that war machine is totally all they got to be proud over  what does sweden have ?
