  i 'm not sure what it matters to greek tax evasion how much tax evasion there is in other countries i 'm not more inclined to trust italy or the baltics with a bailout the size of what greece will require in this crisis, 
  http://www.economist.com/blogs/freeexchange/2012/09/tax-evasion-greece the three most tax-dodging professions account for about half the votes among greek mps . 
  how can you claim `` most greeks '' pay their taxes in the face of these statistics ? 
  is it national pride that disallows you from facing facts ? 
  are you genuinely trying to mislead foreigners ? 
  do you honestly not know the extent ? 
  either way it makes it even harder to trust greece to fix its systemic problems, 
  why is germany in this comparison ? 
  germany would hardly be acting without the rest of the eu against russia, 
  with tanks lots and lots of tanks, 
  [ 25 % of gdp in evaded taxes ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tax_evasion_and_corruption_in_greece#extent_of_greek_tax_evasion ) `` the ones that can '' my ass  in greek , fakelaki means `` little envelope '' but is also used in greek popular culture as a jargon term referring to the bribery of public servants and private companies by greek citizens in order to `` expedite '' service yeah , your way of being `` different '' also makes you immune from financial foreign aid in good faith . 
  these practices are the reason anyone seeking to help greece also has to put stringent demands to make sure the money is not simply lost, 
   because we all have the right to be different this is true , but we do n't all have the right to receive money when your way of being `` different '' lands you in a national economic meltdown pay your taxes instead of begging for sympathy online, 
  let them try it the weaker russia becomes the less they can bully their neighbors, 
  if i 'm being condescending it 's only because you make it so easy . 
  you realize that one event took place 50 years ago and the other 2 days ago ? 
  ignorant easily manipulated girl has ignorant easily manipulated father big fucking surprise, 
  fucking pathetic when you idolize the image of a leader from thousands of years ago , you know your society is bankrupt in human , political and economic capital, 
  [ innovation intensifies ], 
  identified the russian troll, 
  swiss ladies are very friendly, 
   i miss the more receptive nightlife french girls , difficult to connect with german swiss ladies . 
  funny when i was in switzerland i experienced the opposite, 
  the iraq invasion was never about expanding or claiming land for the usa . 
  the iraq invasion had plenty of outright criticism in the nations media . 
  george bush had some of the lowest approval ratings of any president in the history of the country , putin has 70 % approval . 
  to compare the us to russia in this way is disingenuous at best, 
  i 'm talking of peace-time decision making , i agree that in war it becomes impossible to defend a fully democratic system because it is not efficient or decisive enough . 
   it 's self evidently so , it 's a move forward and not back regardless of the public support for it public support and public opinion determines which direction something is moving towards . 
  there is no absolute measure of forwards or backwards other than `` closer to/further away from x 's idealogical goals '' . 
  x can be communists in which case forward might mean industrial development , x can be liberal in which case forward might mean increased social justice , or x can be fascist in which case forward might mean conquering someone else or moving towards conquering someone else e.g. 
  expanding military industrial complex, 
  you seem to be of the point of view that if a policy is eventually accepted or seen as correct by the public later on , then it was right to drive it through regardless how much opposition there was at the time i disagree , to me progressive reform is meaningless if it does not have public support from the onset because the laws of the country should reflect the values of the public . 
  progressive laws that are forced on the people are not progressive at all  i do n't think it 's so much an argument for democracy rather for getting things done or not to me , getting something done is secondary to getting something done in a democratic way, 
  what you are arguing for is not democracy but a `` less error-prone '' autocracy or oligarchy/aristocracy i 'm not interested in those forms of government on principle , regardless of how well they perform . 
  i asked what arguments can be made for democracy if the premise of a stupid public ( whose opinion should therefore be disregarded ) is accepted, 
  this is exactly the conditions that things like the third reich are allowed to emerge from, 
  but the population is ( supposedly ) too stupid to determine matters of state for themselves so why should their determination of what is too far or too quick or good or bad be valid ? 
  siberian man is obviously not used to too much sun this friendly * tourist * only has sun burns that 's why he needs the bandages , no russian military in ukraine, 
  how exactly are you dividing these subjects up in categories that people are or are not allowed to have an opinion on ? 
  very few people are more educated on the societal impacts of the death penalty for example than they are on the impact of a progressive vs. flat or high vs. low tax rate if you think it should be up to you personally ( or any other individual person ) to arbitrate where the people have a say then all i can say is you do not understand democracy the only correct position is : whatever the people say , goes . 
  if there is no strong public opinion on a subject then let representatives decide how best to handle the subject in a way that they think the public will not oppose . 
  in the case of eu membership , obviously there is strong public opinion , and therefore their opinion has to matter, 
  well yes you are right, 
  nuac is nefab minus nato, 
  good job italy tbh dealing with all the boats from north africa greece and all the rest as well as running effective counter terrorism must be hard, 
  why not nefab ? 
  where is the finland love, 
  more like , charlemagne 's [ francia ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/2f/francia_at_the_death_of_pepin_of_heristal%2c_714.jpg/640px-francia_at_the_death_of_pepin_of_heristal%2c_714.jpg ) is back, 
   if you would ask the people in a town they would always oppose it not if you provide a good enough incentive to compensate the town are you really telling me your country would just put down a power plant next to a town against their will ? 
  this is the reason you have full time representatives yes , to make decisions on your behalf while you are busy doing shit . 
  but the input of the people should still be the basis for their decision making , because they are * representatives * not * rulers * but to then argue that some decisions should be left exlusively to those representatives is to turn the whole concept on its head and it is no longer democratic rule . 
  yes they can make decisions on their own , but no they should not actively go against the will of the people they represent, 
  russia is a great power in the same way the spaz kid in school has the attention of the class everyone is just watching to make sure they do n't get splashed by his retardo finger-painting or get caught by one of his flailing retardo arms, 
   he public which is massively ignorant and painfully stupid . 
  democracy should have its limits in my opinion . 
  from this starting point , what argument can you make for democracy at all ? 
  either you accept people have the human right to make decisions for themselves , regardless of how well suited they are to making those decisions . 
  whether you are allowed to choose your dinner for today should not depend on if you have a medical degree or how much you know about your metabolic needs but rather be a , dare i say , self-evident and inalienable right, 
  when you punch someone for not serving you hot enough luxury hotel food you know it 's time to take a few steps back and examine your life, 
  i 'm not in any way opposing same sex marriage of course, 
  [ most american mission name ever ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_iffkrgoatc ), 
  partnership unions in sweden carry every tax and other legal implication that regular marriage carries, 
  honestly though i dunno what the deal is with marriage for same sex couples why would you want a priest to hold the ceremony when you know that same priest would probably have argued against you even getting married just a few years ago if i was gay i would n't even want to be able to be married, 
  similar to that volvo commercial where they say `` made by sweden '' or whatever , trying to mask the fact that probably no part is manufactured in sweden but the company was founded there so in some sense the cars are supposedly made `` by '' sweden, 
  german export is hurt by a strong euro while uk import/service industry benefits from a strong pound ? 
  i 've literally got no clue just guessing, 
  [ do i really have to ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=szmgl9-odwo ), 
  i think you forgot [ this guy ] ( https://paulstensondotcom3.files.wordpress.com/2014/07/114385__marlon-brando-godfather-godfather-don-vito-corleone-style-classic-movie_p.jpg ), 
  polan stronk ? 
  to be fair , there are probably few things a russian soldier fears more than a gender swede coming along and noticing that sweet fsb-trained ass and getting an erection, 
  inb4 `` sweden yes '' or comments about how somehow there seems to be a double standard for minorities or someshit, 
  german language brings the moneys, 
   sweden became the first european country in 2013 to grant automatic residency to syrian refugees correct me if i 'm wrong but are n't we still the only european country to do this ? 
  phrasing sounds like others have done it too also inb4 * detta gynnar sd *, 
   ` the fourth reich ' : what some europeans see when they look at germany meaning : ` the fourth reich ' : what absolutely fucking nobody sees when they look at germany, 
  that viking shield though, 
  the key difference between iran and france is iran has a proven track record of using wmds and has a consistent rhetoric of encouraging the total annihilation of another state and its people, 
  good point, 
  and something about a genocide, 
  a lot of people in sweden , including a large faction in the social democrat party ( largest party in current gov ) do not think it is right for sweden to have arms deals with saudi arabia whether she did this intentionally to torpedo a continuation of the deal or not she has a lot of backing from the people that elected her party to government and very few people in sweden consider the loss of jobs or income to overwhelmingly be more important than `` grandstanding '' as you say she is there to represent swedish people , not to act as a salesperson for swedish defense industry, 
  obviously your imagined threats are not perceived as real by swedish intelligence i do n't know what to tell you iran really does have the capacity to develop nukes and has in the past shown itself willing to use wmds during the iran iraq war not to mention desperate measures such as sending child soldiers as cannon fodder in the thousands iran is a much crazier and more desperate state than either saudi arabia or china, 
  give us your poor and huddles masses and we shall create a ghetto for them to live in, 
  the wahhabist funding does not come from the saudi state but from wealthy saudi individuals ( often saudi family members ) would you like them to put `` wealthy arabs '' on the list ? 
  also china is not a threat to sweden china is interested in stealing high tech or competitor business information , sweden is not an interesting target in this regard, 
  pretty sure this myth started from fox news as a way to discredit atheism, 
  yeah this seems to be the trend all the countries at the top of the ranking ( excluding denmark ) have a generally good social order too, 
  depression is all about your relative fortune among those you consider your peers and not so much to do with absolute wealth ( after a certain point ) i guess romanians are happy with their progress compared to , say , bulgaria ? 
   the swedish foreign minister should have realised that recognising a palestinian state would n't help get them anywhere with the saudis . 
  this is not why they recognized palestine in the first place and she was * invited * to speak at the arab league , it 's not like she made a plea of `` pls can i come speak at your awesome fancy club ? '', 
  she took it as an opportunity to bring up various humanitarian and social justice problems in the arab world and to emphasize that sweden was and has long been a friend of arab nations saudi arabia took offense because they are the worst transgressors on human rights issues , and the rest of the oic followed their lead because they have the most power money and influence in the region, 
  who , in your estimation , is a bigger threat than iran excluding russia ? 
  all hail the merkel, 
  i thought i was going crazy for a while, 
  sweden - almost nothing is of higher standard than the rest of europe but everyone keeps hyping it like we live on elysium or some shit, 
  similar to `` why are tourists in special forces gear suspected of being a secret occupation force ? '', 
   funding for terrorist attacks globally have been linked back to mosques in places like sweden and france . 
  citation needed, 
  oh no now i ca n't go to the desert wasteland and look at camels or whatever , what will i do with my life,
