i know that austrians speak perfect german . 
  maybe something got lost in translation  nevermind . 
  it 's already unrealistic someone wants to rob me or break into my home . 
  and then when i am at home . 
  and then tries to kill me ( because i could identifiy him or whatever ) . 
  that 's like from a hollywood movie . 
  wo n't happen ever . 
   `` nobody breaks in when youre at home '' is massive bullshit if there is nothing to get worth taking hostages i think my statement is pretty safe . 
  burglars want to earn easy money and not kill people . 
  you 're allowed to own guns in your home in germany when you store them in a safe . 
  but i do n't want it . 
  there is really no use to it . 
  nobody will break in your house when you 're at home anyways . 
   i mean robberies and aggressive burglars are non existant almost yeah ... 
  there are burglars in germany . 
  but they look out for houses to rob where no one is at home to do their job in peace . 
  robberies might happen as well but you just give the money anyways . 
  it is n't yours anyway . 
  that 's what insurances and police are for . 
  this being said : i 've never been robbed in my life or anyone tried to steal anything from my home . 
  and i do n't know a single person who got in such a scenario . 
  it 's so unrealistic that i would n't bother with it . 
  by showing humanity . 
  no you are not ... it 's media bullshit . 
  lol, 
  [ brandenburg ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uellmyna34u ) ... 
  i have been to london last year ... you guys really do n't fuck around . 
  i 've never seen so many people with the dedication to get wasted on a normal weekend . 
   you can now get credit-card sized passports if you travel a lot in europe . 
  this a normal european id card which also allowes you to travel through europe . 
  meaning that 's not an actual passport . 
  i like you guys . 
   impossible to hate italy except when it comes to football . 
  yes . 
  the meaning of flitter-mouse is also the german origin for the word `` fledermaus '' . 
  it comes from the middle high german word `` vledermus '' . 
  vleder is flitter and mus is mouse . 
  though `` fleder '' has no meaning in german anymore now . 
  [ i 'll allow it ] ( http://gfycat.com/pitifuldamagedaustralianfurseal ), 
  go on . 
  / e : thanks, 
  for anyone wondering what the word is : oachkatzl basically means oakcat, 
  thanks  and i agree with you that this is a cute story . 
  german media also ridiculed it but i loved the fact that the police took care of it . 
  there was no aggressive behaviour of the squirrel . 
  no german media reported that . 
  only the the telegraph reports it in quote signs . 
  so i guess the telegraph took the article and added a few things . 
  the squirrel was just in need of help and followed a human to help it out because it 'd have died . 
  the woman called the police because it 's the first number in your head for help . 
  the police helps the squirrel and feeds it and gave it to a helping authority . 
  the article is just sensational but still a hilarious story to tell . 
  germany is a squirrel friendly country !, 
  no , you rather get beaten up because we do n't have a gun with us . 
  but not enough people who can actually drive and shoot with them . 
  you see , it 's supposed to rain hard once and then you have nice weather for several days . 
  not rain a little all the fucking time . 
  bing is only good for porn . 
  looks like a stock photo . 
  not saying i believe the article or not . 
  it just looks like a stock photo . 
  i have 12 coins : * 8 german * 2 spanish * 2 italian, 
  i fucking hate the concept of * not * having siesta . 
  looks like you hit some jackpot or something ... 
  then i 'd never would have met some of my most awesome friends thanks to that sanction . 
  obviously those were political decisions . 
  and obviously they helped the country . 
  now they are here and want to live a normal life ... so what ? 
  it was meant to happen in the moment we invited all the turkish guest workers and many families with german heritage from occupied eastern territories are allowed german citizenship . 
  so yes , it was bound to happen . 
  a melting pot ? 
  yes , that was bound to happen . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  i have many friends which have either immigrant parents or are immigrants themselves . 
  all of them are german to me . 
  the fuck ... shit is dangerous here . 
  while in germany do not insult anyone or the other person might use his right to sue you . 
  i was in ljubljana like a month ago and really had a great time . 
  awesome and beautiful city with cool people . 
  the weather was better back then though . 
  dicks out for luther !, 
  b\u00f6rek is awesome . 
  it 's like a snack you can eat at any time of the day and even with beer :d, 
  blaze it . 
  i found it effective . 
  interesting you say gymnasium , too . 
  4 world cups 0 world wars !, 
   is this a strict application ? 
  when the student is below 18 years old : yes . 
  i hate sauerbraten . 
  lol no . 
  there you go : http://i.imgur.com/hxnfbpd.jpg / e : and here are the coins i have at home : http://i.imgur.com/rd0g5vj.jpg i seriously need to exchange them ... 
  a radiator . 
  you turn it from 0 - 5 for your desired room temperature . 
  also in bayern . 
  i 've seen it all over europe in big hotels . 
  saves electricity . 
  here too . 
  well i know when the bus comes at my nearest station so i go to it soon before the bus comes . 
  also the bus brings you to the tram station where trams come every 5 minutes .
