that 's true and yet world leaders constantly turn to the uk before france , germany and brazil despite us being a lesser economic power . 
  scotland separating will push both nations into insignificance though . 
  given that england contains over 80 % of the people !, 
  that 's unsurprising . 
  what is a shame is london getting 70 % of the limelight . 
  shit , that 's a pretty stupid error . 
  thanks . 
  so far it seems , there is still no need for a fairer society and demanding culture for a lot of people , but primarily the taking of the consumption habits . 
  we eat goulash , we visit budapest , we take vitamin c supplements , we use safety matches with no regard , we choose to dumb ourselves with some rubik 's cube , because that is so `` cool '' . 
  our opinions on our fellow partners are depending on if their job is trendy enough , if he is a famous mathematician , or maybe has a low erd\u0151s number . 
  ballpoint pens , stars , folk songs and brand names are controlling us , and we forgot , that life worths more than any object . 
  edit : low erd\u0151s number , not high . 
  it should be an ordinary building rather than a wonder . 
  also maybe it should n't convey an advantage , each 10 turns that a city under your control has no pub , barbarians spawn outside . 
  a reserve army is one made of reserves . 
  this means that the troops are not full-time soldiers , they have day jobs doing other things and only get military training part-time so if they are needed they are deployed . 
  internal defence is protecting the country . 
  ukraine in this instance . 
  they are n't troops to be sent to overseas wars , they only exist to defend their home country if it is invaded . 
  is n't helvetia the latin for switzerland though . 
  where does the c come from ? 
  edit : i see , the c comes from confederation . 
  well el certainly makes more sense than gr . 
  i still do n't understand why switzerland gets called ch . 
  there is an international standard for 2-letter and 3-letter country abbreviations . 
  http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/iso_3166-1_alpha-2 greece is gr or grc switzerland is ch or che, 
  true but only by lowering the culture of the whole world which seems quite fitting . 
  on an island with the welsh and the scots . 
  also an insatiable desire to take over the world beyond their little island . 
  ** little england ** leader : nigel farage unique ability : unceasing xenophobia +3 gold , +3 happiness for every city that does n't border a dirty foreigner . 
  unique unit : football hooligan - soldier that lowers the culture of the country it invades unique building : pub - +3 happiness , -2 production, 
  interrail passes do n't cover your home country afaik and although this appears to be in ireland , i imagine that the image may have been designed for use in the uk and ireland . 
  from the midlands lookyou . 
  in english , all food can be classified as sweet or savoury . 
  savoury translates into other languages ( eg spanish ) as salty but in our mind , we do n't associate savoury food with its saltiness . 
  salted toffee from france and salted liqourice from scandinavia would be considered sweet by english speakers . 
  if a sandwich contains jam , marmalade or honey then it is sweet by our measure . 
  oh of course , no-one is accusing the respondents of having thought the question through . 
  it is however indicative of the kneejerk response that topics that we feel are issues illicit . 
  15 % of girls under the age of 16 getting pregnant each year would mean : with the assumption that it is unlikely that girls 12 and under could get pregnant and that the age distribution is equal ( which it is n't ) 80 % of girls aged 13-15 get pregnant every year !, 
  using the same assumptions and the official figures , 3.2 % of 13-15 yo girls get pregnant per year . 
  in biological sciences , you do not need a masters in the uk . 
  almost no british-educated phd students in my faculty have masters . 
  it depends upon the course . 
  for most biology courses you can but not normally for maths , physics , chemistry or engineering . 
  undergrad courses in those 4 usually include a masters in the uk . 
  for arts and humanities phd , i think it 's considered on a case by case basis . 
  ( source : am a biology phd student and know hundreds of others ), 
  in the uk we have to wear [ tudor bonnets ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tudor_bonnet ) which are about as cool as they sound . 
  also very little killing of the illiterate . 
  hmm scandinavia 's a big place and the danish accent differs very much from the swedes and norwegians . 
  a danish guy told me that the danish accent is less of an accent and more of a throat disease . 
  the problem with statistically linking helmet use with injuries is that people who cycle on busy or dangerous roads are more likely to wear helmets . 
  when you control for that variable then risk of head injury is reduced by 74 % . 
  the literature i 've read on the topic suggests that the opposite is true . 
  there is a correlation between wearing helmets and cycling in risky areas , but i 'd suggest that they are wearing helmets to negate some of the risk of cycling on a busy road rather than vice versa . 
  some british people think that the uk is where all the immigrants want to come largely because they have first hand exposure to immigrants to the uk . 
  they do n't read or hear about immigrants going to france or germany . 
  it 's a vocal minority , do n't judge the uk based on their xenophobia . 
  i think spoiled ballots are a much better way to show discontent than not turning up though . 
  i can think of no greater honour than being called a malteser . 
  not a city , but the north-west of england contains liverpool , manchester and chester which cover anything you 'd want from a city between them . 
  it 's also easy to get to the peak district , the lake district and snowdonia from to see some of the uk 's most beautiful countryside . 
  i dunno , i 've met some brits who are far worse at speaking english than the average swede . 
  that could be true , all i was told is that it was a dutch dialect . 
  that is the only phrase i was told and it 's the nearest that it 's ever come to being relevant . 
  now i 'm not sure if this is frisian or some other dialect and i was told it a long time ago and have never seen it written down but here goes : * ge hoeft nit zo de kwecke , ik zit neffe oe !, 
  entertaining in concept , but i 'm still baffled that anyone thought it was a good idea . 
  just reading # 2.3 s. 6 1/2 d makes my head hurt . 
  not putting numbers anywhere on the coin seemed a bit silly to me . 
  i do love the design though . 
  we 'd usually say cunning as a fox . 
  more british idioms : that 's the badger : that is exactly ( the thing ) i/we were talking about . 
  hurts like buggery : hurts a lot everything but the kitchen sink : almost everything, 
  exactly , i 'm a brit and i just responded to the exact same effect . 
  i live in and come from near manchester which , along with wales is one of the areas most renowned for rain in the uk . 
  a lot of places in the world have more rainfall than us , even sydney , australia . 
  the aspect that makes us complain about the rain is twofold . 
  firstly , almost 50 % of days are rainy though the rain is often not heavy but will last for hours . 
  secondly , we britons have a cultural obsession with the weather . 
  it would be unusual to have a chat with a friend or colleague and not discuss the weather . 
  this conversation often occurs while we wait for the kettle to boil . 
  a similar phrase in english is `` as thick as two short planks '' to describe someone as being stupid . 
  ireland ( all of it ) is geographically british . 
  it is the second largest british isle after great britain . 
  ^ * according ^ to ^ the ^ british * edit : consider me schooled in british-irish relations . 
  i apologise . 
  or go full fat and vote bnp . 
  ( do n't ), 
  their geological activity also makes iceland the newest country in the world ( geologically , not politically ) . 
  i 'd certainly agree that it changes a culture , but i would say that on balance most of those changes are good and only a few changes are bad . 
  our cuisine is greatly improved thanks to immigration and i think british people have become much more tolerant as a result of immigration . 
  what part of our culture is being destroyed ? 
  i 'd far rather live in modern britain than some mythical , pre-immigration wonderland that you 're suggesting . 
  you do n't need to get 100 % it 's just interesting to see how many you can get . 
  some of the answers , like the turkish word for greece and the swedish work for germany are really quite interesting to find out . 
  i do n't think anyone who 's not hungarian will be guessing that uk one though . 
  i wrote the quiz and i ca n't remember it . 
  i put a few extra minutes on the clock to give people a chance . 
  do you reckon the quiz could do with a bit more time ?
