estonia ca n't even build bridge to saaremaa island ... 
  [ related ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1c5gcrd0c4m ) , so not first time someone is going up there . 
  wait what , we have like 24 % russians here , is he about to kill own people too ? 
  that 's just messed up thinking ... 
  most estonia - tallinn trolleybuses are [ like this ] ( http://public-transport.net/bus/trolley/tallinn/14tr/8401_19.jpg ) . 
  they are wet , cold ( winter ) , very hot ( summer ) and rusty . 
  we do have some what op linked , but not many . 
  well they moved buk back to russia , unlike they have any missile to shoot for while . 
  are you sure ? 
  maybe those are made for next tron movie ? 
  capital would be berlin and flag would look some type of red/white with some cross in the middle ... 
  but serious note , i say this is one of the most ridiculous idea ever made ... 
  like this week snow ... 
  we some time ago talked about getting our lands back behind narva river what soviets took from us , but russia rejected all those requests , unlike this time russia will give land away so easily . 
  life in estonian side is n't so green as ivangorod people think . 
  600 people out of 11000 makes no difference in this case . 
  funny that those `` concerned citizens '' only come out eastern part of ukraine and not west side ... 
  in estonia we have same rules . 
  25th march 1949 . 
  it was quiet evening in far distant forest house . 
  children where sleeping , mother was awake still looking out the window thinking where is her husband who got couple years ago taken away from some soviet soldiers . 
  she only heard stories that he might be somewhere in prison camp in the middle of soviet-russia . 
  suddenly she looks out and sees druck lights coming closer and closer . 
  can it be him , she questioned herself . 
  but no , the druck stopped and 2 armed huge men walked closer to the house while 3rd one stayed out next to druck . 
  time stopped and suddenly realization hit her when those 2 men where knocking on the door . 
  she opened the door , her hands where shaking . 
  it was cold out there and first thing she saw the massive guns pointing at her . 
  15 minutes you have time to pack your things and come with us . 
  we know who you are , wake up children now . 
  she was in panic , who are those men ? 
  one of the men raised his weapon and repeated once again . 
  15 minutes !, 
  she ran out of the kitchen to room and woke everyone up . 
  children where sleepy and did n't knew what was happening . 
  older children helped younger to get dressed , while her mother packed only basic things she could find . 
  15 minutes where passed , they where pushed into the druck . 
  first thing she saw was her neighbour who was in tears . 
  her neighbour started to cry louder and louder . 
  one of the man came closer and yelled . 
  shut up or i shoot you all . 
  nobody knew what was happening . 
  druck was driving and driving around 40 minutes while it stopped . 
  for moment she thought this is it . 
  she hugged her children , thinking this is last time . 
  but no , there was other people . 
  men came closer and yelled . 
  get out and be quiet . 
  she understood where they where . 
  rail station , she has been there . 
  she looked the men who pointed guns direction of animal wagons . 
  people where pushed in , there was loud crying everywhere . 
  there was nothing in there , just 1 pucket . 
  wagon doors where closed and destination unknown started . 
  this is the story like many others had in this night . 
  my grandmother was just 6 years old , kid who got woken up in the middle of sleep looking her young 4 years confused brother in tears . 
  she does not speak about this night , only once i managed to get her talk about it . 
  it was nightmare . 
  old news , but from the arcticle : `` language should not be used to segregate and isolate groups , '' . 
  we do not isolate the russians , they are equal to everyone . 
  we do not care what language you speak at home or anywhere , we just ask that you speak estonian if you do your work . 
  in estonia we have estonian as one language . 
  we ca n't force people who are living in estonia to speak estonian if they do n't want . 
  we are sorry if you feel violated , that you ca n't speak the language what you want . 
  i feel sorry , that i ca n't speak english in public so everyone could understand me . 
  do i feel violated or abused ? 
  no , i live in estonia and i respect the country i 'm living in . 
  right first of all there is no `` unknown '' armed forces coming over the bridge between estonia and russia what goes over narva river and connects narva with ivangrod . 
  the narva is not going to raise hands and welcome those troops even if they get over the bridge . 
  something like this is act against nato and attacking nato is like attacking every nato country . 
  most narva people who wanted and had relatives in russia side have option to make so called `` gray passport '' , meaning they can go with it from western europe up to eastern russia with no visa . 
  we do not hold people back as living in estonia , they can leave and do everyday trips into russia when ever they like . 
  but ok , lets say `` unknown '' troops are coming in . 
  border is gone ... it is not like crimea . 
  nato ( read as estonian army is also nato ) is sending troops to narva to speak with them and figure out who are they . 
  if they do not leave then nato has freedom to use any force to get them out . 
  only one who could ever make `` unknown '' army in estonian soil would be russians . 
  if this is confirmed lets say hour . 
  estonia is mobilizing reserve army as it is sign of war . 
  by this moment one of the nato country is getting invaded as this is invasion against entire nato . 
  all nato countries go at war same time . 
  world war 3 is active . 
  same time nato is sending more troops to estonia , estonian army and estonian reserve army is under narva , both sides are shooting , narva is no more , missiles and bullets flying everywhere ... on this point we do not speak more . 
  eu will close all borders and isolate who ever is attacking . 
  lets say if russia attacks eu then all relations , trades go into frozen state . 
  this is end of russian economy . 
  as people wonder , this will never happen . 
  estonians still clean those damn mines ... & # 3232 ; _ & # 3232 ;, 
  no this is so wrong . 
  last time they checked 2011 there was in tallinn : * 55,34 % estonian speaking people * 36,80 % russian speaking people but note how many from them are born in russia , to say they are part of russia ? 
  most of them are born in estonia , so this makes them estonians no matter how much they want to be russians . 
  i can speak swahili , but as i have been born in estonia i never get rid of status as true estonian ... 
  and [ here is the video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=vwtdyibrqco#t=3900 ), 
  we would have won way more if back in 2011 we would just had the nord stream go through estonian waters . 
  little bit bad timing . 
  i 'm glad this is over . 
  now i hope that media will give man his family some freedom and do n't start asking stupid questions . 
  what goes in must come out ... 
  is n't the planes now behind with todays technology and engineering ? 
  if i remember right they even had structural issues and radiation .
