but no american is offended at being called a `` yank '' while in a foreign country unless they are a truly irredeemable idiot . 
  it means someone from the northeast in the us , while in the rest of the world it just means an american . 
  only a complete asshole would n't get this . 
  calling irish people `` british '' is not manners and is not a good way to make a favorable first impression . 
  there * were * no mexicans in the pre-columbian southwest . 
  no spaniards either . 
  only native americans . 
  it 's odd because the brothers i am close friends with are easy to understand , while their friends , also from buncrana , with whom i am more peripherally acquainted , are frequently incomprehensible . 
  i also have good friends in down -- castlewellan to be precise , near newcastle -- and they have an entirely different accent that to my ear more nearly approaches what i conceive of as the stereotypical northern ireland accent , with lots of `` aye '' and `` so it is , '' and turning consonants into an extra syllable as in `` jay-ums '' for `` james , '' and `` fill-em '' for `` film . '', 
  and i have some friends from buncrana who are completely incomprehensible as well , the creatures . 
  christ , i miss mexico . 
  it may be run by a bunch of corrupt fucking asshole authoritarians , but down on the streets and out in * el campo * it is a gorgeous family-based culture that 's host to my all-time favorite cuisine . 
  for my money there is nothing better than authentic mexican food . 
  easy there fella !, 
  it was only a joke !, 
  you make a valid point about not jumping to conclusions , but invoking the ira , which hasnt really been active for decades , is just plain ignorant . 
  nothing about this bears any of their hallmarks . 
  you lie like a dog . 
  only idiots on the left ever thought putin was a good idea . 
  you are a liar and a coward if you claim that most of us thinking lefties ever had anything nice to say about vladimir motherfucking putin . 
  we did not !, 
  we always despised him for the obvious authoritarian asshole that he is . 
  too bad that you are a liar . 
  nothing you say is really true . 
  no one ever did anything the way you claim . 
  i like how you say that as if the pogues are some obscure band that no one outside of ireland has ever herad of . 
  did you know they had a guitarist who was also in this one band called , `` the clash '' ? 
  your just envious because it actually makes phonetic sense . 
  that 's right , drink up boys !, 
  the downside is that i actually stay in on st. patrick 's day even though it 's my `` name day . '', 
  my reasoning is that it 's an amateurs night . 
  why put up with all the crowds and these goddamned casuals when i can stay home and drink in relative peace ? 
  give me a tuesday for a proper night on the town . 
  no , it 's still a mispelling . 
  it may be more common in some parts of the country , but i do n't think `` patty 's day '' is actually considered correct anywhere . 
  besides , at least some of the confusion arises from the fact that patty and paddy are pronounced exactly the same in most american accents . 
  you say that like you need a reason to get shitfaced in a kilt . 
  i for one do not believe in such formalities . 
  derry gets me . 
  you combine the quaint turn-of-phrase with a mouthful of macaroons and it 's incomprehensible every time . 
  how do you think we feel ? 
  at least ireland has n't completely shat the bed yet . 
  patty is for patricia in the us too . 
  we do n't really use paddy for patrick . 
  usually it 's either `` pat , '' or patrick . 
  i think you are right that most americans , at least those not of predominantly irish descent , or into golf , do n't know about the name padraig . 
  that is not an americanism . 
  it long predates the north american colonies . 
  their role as sailors in the royal navy is what really mattered . 
  the british army was serviceable , but the royal navy dominated the entire world for over 100 years . 
  there were plenty of scots and welsh sailors as well , but they were outnumbered by the irish , although not as officers . 
  mind your manners now burt . 
  there 's actually some truth here . 
  the irish piggybacked on the british empire to spread all over the english-speaking world . 
  who do you think manned the royal navy at the height of british naval power ? 
  foremast hands were never exclusively or even majority irish , but they always formed one of , if not * the * , largest minority of sailors during the age of sail . 
  it is a distinctly irish-american dish that we got , i am told , perhaps apocryphally , from jewish butchers in the big cities back east . 
  there 's a common misconception that irish-american culture is meant to simply mimic irish culture , but it 's not at all . 
  it has its own distinct history and especially in places like boston and new york , is not even remotely interested in seeking approval or authentication from the old country . 
  i mean , if you want to have it that way , `` celtic '' culture , that is to say , indo-european-speaking , is n't native to ireland either . 
  how far back do we have to go before a cultural practice becomes `` indigenous ? '', 
  irish-american culture was ( and still is to a great extent , by legacy ) very nostalgic and backwards-looking for a few reasons . 
  one was that when the bulk of irish immigration to the us happened , meaning when irish-american culture established an identity for itself , it was at a time when crossing the atlantic meant you would never see your home , and all the people and places you had ever known , again . 
  you might receive or send a few letters , but literacy was limited and in the teeming cities and especially if you headed west or fought in the civil war , you might never hear from friends and family again . 
  the second big factor was the huge wave of immigrants who came fleeing the famine . 
  these were people who had fled what must have looked very much like the apocalypse . 
  they were often tragic figures wracked with survivor 's guilt and again , very unsure of ever seeing or even learning of their loved ones . 
  finally , the third big factor was the discrimination irish immigrants faced . 
  i wo n't go into the details or argue about how harsh it was , i merely bring it up to say that it brought the community together in a sort of `` us verses them , '' that does n't exist today , but has had lasting cultural effects . 
  anyhow , with all this rambling what i am trying to say is that as a consequence of the above factors , irish-american culture was founded in part upon a sort of sentimentality that can seem silly through modern eyes , but that makes sense in historical context . 
  i do n't think it is . 
  short of mixing it with equal parts paint , i do n't see how you could dye guinness . 
  in my experience the irish do n't necessarily take it all that seriously either . 
  as for americans turning it into a parody , there are some elements of that , but i think there 's also , especially in the big north eastern cities and to a lesser extent san francisco , a real recognition of how much ireland contributed to this country in the form of immigrants . 
  it is not at all an exaggeration to say that without the irish , american culture would be very different , especially in the urban ne and rustbelt . 
  obviously you can say that of many immigrant groups , it 's just that st. paddy 's day happens to be the holiday that celebrates the irish . 
  and it 's a great excuse for the amateurs among us to go out and get drunk . 
  i do n't have a problem with that and i do n't have a problem with some american who says he 's `` irish '' because of a great great grandmother , and who yet knows nothing about the irish people and culture . 
  fuck it , have a good time !, 
  do n't take yourself so seriously . 
  never saw that one coming !, 
  i do n't think he 's clear on the concept . 
  it gets old though , so you ca n't really blame people for getting bent out of shape about it . 
  also , it * is * true that we have the best craft beer in the world . 
   america has taken just as much if not more from the uk than the other way around . 
  the way you say this implies a separation that does n't really exist . 
  to me it makes more sense to think of the anglophone world as basically consisting of a single culture that originated in the british isles , and that has a number of geographical variants based on former colonies . 
  from that perspective it does n't make sense to talk about discrete american verses british cultures that can exchange `` things '' in the way that , say , two otherwise unrelated individuals might . 
  the relationship is much more familial with the one being a sort of offspring of the other . 
  i mean , am i wrong in thinking that it 's intended as satire ? 
  to me it looks like it 's deliberately over-the-top , as if it 's poking fun at certain somewhat meat-headed aspects of american culture . 
  i do n't know , it 's not a sub that i would ever visit , so maybe i 'm taking it the wrong way . 
  i would be surprised if they were n't . 
  are there even rules to irish pronunciation or do you just make it up as you go ? 
  i do n't think i 've ever correctly guessed the pronunciation of an irish place-name just by looking at the spelling , unless it 's been anglicized obviously . 
  that 's funny , but totally fake . 
  this is actually a myth . 
  webster did n't simplify the spellings , the american spellings are actually the older . 
  the british spellings were introduced in the early 1800s by `` scholars '' who wanted to dress up english to look fancier , so to speak . 
  head over to r/linguistics and they will be happy to tell you all about it , probably more than you want .
