  they have already stopped the construction of hundreds of new apartments in the past couple of months alone , with rather questionable reasons . 
  also , the position of housing minister belongs to this particular party . 
  so far , it has been held by a man who barely presented a single measure to increase construction during his entire time . 
  he did visit turkey ( his country of origin ) several times on tax-paid `` study trips for inspiration '' , though they were * completely * classified ( down to the lunch receipts ) for `` reasons of national security '' and nothing was mentioned of it afterwards . 
  he was recently kicked out ( for ties to islamic and facist extremists ) and replaced by another dude from the same party who is more charisma than action . 
  at first , yes . 
  the right wing government we had 2006-2014 urged acceptance and openness until they lost the election , with many of the new party leaders post-election starting to take a more critical position and demanding stricter rules , faster processes and in some cases a full stop until the situation was solved . 
  the new government ( social democrats + green party ) , however , refused to accept this . 
  the greens kept demanding completely open borders ( though were reeled in a bit by the social democrats ) . 
  the right wing was accused of racism and facism by the left wing . 
  with the calculated immigration costs rising quickly ( the migration agency updating their numbers * weekly * ) and the stream of immigrants showing no sign of slowing down , parts of the mainstream media started becoming more critical as well . 
  there were a few articles written where journalists apologized for their profession attempting to silence the criticism against the situation . 
  finally , we had immigrant families ( with newborn babies ) sleeping without blankets or anything in the migration agency lobbies , since there were no more apartments , camping sites and such to rent . 
  the agency still said the numbers were rising . 
  they warned that some immigrants would have to sleep in the streets while waiting to be processed , that tents would have to be erected in city parks . 
  the left wing finally came around , seemingly in a panic . 
  some of the strictest rules in europe were quickly put in place with absolutely no consequence analysis . 
  a few were changed later , when courts pointed out they were illegal . 
  a huge number of the commuter trains and buses going between denmark and sweden were shut down because they could n't fit in the control areas or their staff did n't have the proper license to do id controls . 
  a lot of people working on the other side of the \u00d6resund bridge were forced to change their schedules , with the region demanding economical compensation from the state . 
  ** tl ; dr ** at first it was misjudged , later ideology blinded those in charge until it was too late , at which point they panicked . 
   that sounds like censorship to me . 
  it 's the media censoring itself rather than the state doing it , though . 
  since most media is leftist here and the left wing were mainly the ones saying criticism against immigration is automatically racist ( no matter the reason ) , media self-censored itself regarding immigration while attacking parties and politicians who wanted to see a change . 
  that does n't exactly contradict what i said , though . 
  not to mention the * blog * obviously has an anti-muslim/immigrant agenda and uses a huge amount of assumptions , claims of anonymous quotes and decades old outdated information . 
  she later claimed she was misinterpreted ( which is bs ) ... she 's been removed from her minister post now ( though ironically * not * for one of the many , many idiot things she 's done and said ) . 
  her party is also the smallest of the riksdag parties ( those who got over 4 % last election ) in the latest polls . 
   a country like sweden is so averse to war i believe it is capable of ignoring an article 5 posing a major problem to the alliance . 
  sorry , what ? 
  we have peacekeeping troops and support aircraft involved in multiple places around the globe , including afghanistan . 
  it 's not like we 've ignored the `` call '' in the past . 
  just because we wo n't rush to war does n't mean we 're not willing to join it if we * have * to . 
  it just means we prefer diplomacy and such over using force , if possible . 
  we wo n't violate our neutrality over trivial matters or to enter situations where our presence would help no one . 
  they 've already threatened with `` consequences '' if sweden thinks about joining nato ... our government responded by saying russia can not dictate our dealings , then went back to working against us joining because `` it 'd drag us into imperialist wars '' or whatever their latest `` reason '' is . 
   sweden is censoring the religion/nationality/ethnicity of rapists so people wo n't be able to say that mass immigration has caused the number of rapes to be five times higher than it would be without mass immigration . 
  except they 're not . 
  the police * did * censor data regarding * all * crimes immigrants were involved in , either as victim or perp or whatever . 
  for about half a year , until people complained , at which time they released it . 
  that 's not a common thing tho , it 's mostly done by the current chief of police who has only been at that job for like 2 years . 
   you have an external factor that is skewing sweden 's rape statistics from 80-20 known-unknown to 40-60 . 
  nah , known people are just less likely to be reported ( according to surveys ) . 
  surveys also show that sweden is average compared to most northern/western european countries , but a higher % are actually reported and dealt with . 
   since when is religion a race ? 
  i never claimed it was . 
  do n't fucking skew my words , it 's enough you do that with statistics and unfounded claims . 
  it 's * extremely * obvious what your motive and goal here is , so i wo n't reply any further to your bullshit . 
  ... because i prefer tuna being used in the globally absolutely most common way ? 
  can be okay ... on a toast with mayo , salad and corn its pretty good, 
  nooo not warm tuna , it 's horrible, 
  do n't forget the shot of br\u00e4nnvin right after !, 
  not that i find it particularly relevant , but ...  swedes vs non-swedes larger reports from 1996 and 2005 , yes . 
  they 're not done very often in general . 
  more detailed data regarding nationality as related to rape has n't been released since 1996 . 
   known by the victim vs stranger to the victim 63 % of sexual offence perps are unknown to the victim , 50 % in a public place . 
  of those that have been reported and are thus completely known , that is . 
   religion how the fuck would you even collect that data ? 
  anyone could claim to be any religion . 
  now , any more irrelevant ( and with a somewhat racist angle ) questions to attempt to cover the fact that your original post was just bs without any reliable source ? 
  apparently the suspected bomb at the skutsk\u00e4r mast was actually an `` orgonite '' , some new age thingy with metal shavings and crystals encased in polyester that they claim `` creates a force field that protects against the radiation such masts emit '' . 
  source ( in swedish ) : http://www.svt.se/nyheter/lokalt/uppsala/aktivisten-ingen-bomb-det-var-en-orgonit, 
  pretty much ... for example , there 's one number that is often quoted by anti-immigrant people saying swedish rapes went up by 400 % when heavier immigration started ... only anyone that has actually studied * why * it went up knows that it 's only a specific * type * of rape that went up . 
  it used to be listed under a broader umbrella term , but was changed to be a separate column in october one year . 
  thus the increase is actually because it counted only 2-3 months that year and 12 months the year after . 
  basically , never trust statistics and always look up possible explanations when it sounds unbelievable . 
  ah , matjessill we say here ( `` sill '' being herring ) . 
  usually served alongside the pickled herring , so you can pick either . 
  for the first platter at christmas/easter/midsummer / insertholiday smorgasbord you almost always have potato , pickled herring , matjessill , salmon , egg halves with mayo/shrimp or similar on , etc. 
  pasta , meatballs and ketchup mm ... 
  some people have it on bolognese as well . 
  i did when i was younger , but find it takes away too much of the taste now . 
  put some ketchup and cheese on a piece of toast and put it in the microwave until the cheese melts , it 's awesome . 
  jaime oliver trying it : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_5cuw4bxfh8, 
   are you seriously saying people eat that ? 
  most people do n't . 
  * pickled * herring , however , is eaten every single holiday by most people . 
  i thought the best way to piss off a dane was to tell them `` sweden is better '' ? 
   sweden also started to censor their rape statistics since 2007 . 
  took me literally less than a minute to find statistics from 2012 , 2014 , 2015 , etc. . . both for reported crimes and victim surveys , comparisons to other countries , analysis for reasons behind it , law changes and how they may have affected it , etc. 
  sweden has the widest definition of rape in europe , while denmark has been criticized repeatedly until very recently for having relatively narrow definitions . 
  we have a higher % of reported rape than any other country except south africa , but it 's basically because we gather statistics in vastly different ways , have a much wider definition of `` rape '' , count dropped charges in the statistics and such ... basically , it 's a statistics thing . 
  surveys show we are fairly average for north/west europe . 
  yep , the 1992 change caused an increase in reports by around 25 % for example . 
  assange ( `` wikileak guy '' ) was before the `` rape capital '' bs started , though ... during that time , it was his/wikileaks supporters spreading claims that sweden is one of the most corrupt countries in the world , that the politicians control the justice system entirely and do everything they can to please the us . 
  even saw someone saying the police had pressured the women into reporting assange against their will , because the women had `` only come to the police station because they worried they had gotten stds '' ( because you * totally * go to the cops for that ) . 
  no no , india has only 2 rapes per 100000 inhabitants reported !, 
  that 's some of the lowest in the world !, 
  not sure * exactly * how much of a difference it makes , but it does explain * some * of the numbers . 
  difficult to say , since there are no official stats for that . 
  i did find that the 1992 widening of what counts as rape rather than sexual assault ( which was only one of several ) increased the numbers by at least 25 % , though . 
  the other factors i mentioned obviously affects the numbers somewhat as well . 
  surveys conducted that looked at people instead of those statistics shows that sweden is fairly average for europe when it comes to rape rates , though . 
  from an official swedish site ( in english ) : https://www.bra.se/bra/bra-in-english/home/news-from-bra/archive/news/2011-01-18-how-common-is-rape-in-sweden-compared-to-other-european-countries.html, 
   well you certainly have a lot of rape . 
  copying in my list of reasons for that ( and why it 's not * really * true ) from above : 1 ) dude in the us rapes his girlfriend 20 times . 
  counted as 1 time in us statistics . 
  dude in sweden does the same . 
  counted as 20 times in swedish statistics . 
  2 ) much wider definition of rape than pretty much any other country .
