  yeah but that 's the same people who will say this is fake news , manipulated statistics or whatever ... or , as has already been said here , that it 's some kind of `` calm before the storm '' type of bs . 
  most of the stuff . 
  not the condoms , but many of the other things sold through the same system . 
  most of the stuff needs id checks , which are done by the guy at the register . 
  here in sweden , a lot of stores have adopted a system where you use a terminal in the store to print a note for condoms , tobacco and some other stuff ... you then go to the register , they scan the note , give you a receipt with a bar code on , which you then scan at a kind of vending machine by the exit that gives you the ware . 
  most smaller stores who do n't use that system yet simply puts them next to the chewing gum section by the register tho . 
  it would be led by donald `` why do we have nukes if we 're not gon na use them '' trump though , so do n't be * too * sure . 
  no , he phrased it * exactly * like that . 
  to quote :  i want to talk about wealth creation and what wealth creation really can achieve and maybe take it in a slightly different direction , because i believe the world , and particularly the judeo-christian west , is in a crisis . 
  ...  principally in the west , but we 're expanding internationally to let people understand the depths of this crisis , and it is a crisis both of capitalism but really of the underpinnings of the judeo-christian west in our beliefs . 
  and regarding ww2 :  whether it was french resistance fighters , whether it was the polish resistance fighters , or it 's the young men from kansas city or the midwest who stormed the beaches of normandy , commandos in england that fought with the royal air force , that fought this great war , really the judeo-christian west versus atheists , right ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fwxscqaz2ui there 's also a full transcript of the video on buzzfeed , but not allowed to link their site here , so google `` this is how steve bannon sees the entire world '' and it should be the top result . 
  he wants to put them under us control to fight a global holy war against islam , it seems to me . 
  he argues that christianity brought world peace in the early 1900s and both world wars were about `` the judeo-christian west '' fighting atheists and others . 
  the enemy changes over time , and is now `` fascist islamists '' , but the general idea stays the same . 
   `` i remember him saying , ` well , look , you have the american revolution , and then you have the civil war , which was bigger than the revolution . 
  and you have the second world war , which was bigger than the civil war , ' kaiser said . 
  ` he even wanted me to say that on camera , and i was not willing . ' well then , just connect that to his beliefs about a coming global holy war , and what seems to be attempts from him to bring that about ... bannon on the world pre-ww1 :  just to put it in perspective , with the assassination that took place 100 years ago tomorrow in sarajevo , the world was at total peace . 
  there was trade , there was globalization , there was technological transfer , the high church of england and the catholic church and the christian faith was predominant throughout europe of practicing christians . 
  bannon on ww2 :  but the thing that got us out of it , the organizing principle that met this , was not just the heroism of our people -- whether it was french resistance fighters , whether it was the polish resistance fighters , or it 's the young men from kansas city or the midwest who stormed the beaches of normandy , commandos in england that fought with the royal air force , that fought this great war , really the judeo-christian west versus atheists , right ? 
  bannon on the current world sitaution :  and so i think we are in a crisis of the underpinnings of capitalism , and on top of that we 're now , i believe , at the beginning stages of a global war against islamic fascism . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fwxscqaz2ui ( would link the transcript for the video , but it 's on buzzfeed which is apparently not allowed to be linked here for some reason ? ), 
  tl ; dr bannon will ensure we get a global holy war of `` the judeo-christian west '' vs all of islam , atheists , etc by 2020 ? 
  yep , and sweden accepted jewish refugees from other countries during the war ... for example , almost 8000 jews came from denmark and around 900 from norway . 
  many also came to sweden as refugees from other european countries ( the baltic states , romania , poland , hungary , etc ) in the couple of decades following the war . 
  apparently the jewish population in sweden doubled between 1945 and 1970 . 
  ah so that 's the * real * reason [ norway ran out of butter around christmas 2011 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/norwegian_butter_crisis ) , not `` trade regulations '' as they claimed . 
  everything was bought up for the skiing season !, 
  why tho ? 
  does n't give the same , nice surface . 
  though i guess it * might * be somewhat healthier . 
  they look like that because they 're lightly pickled ... looking pretty much how they 're supposed to . 
  barely . 
  good mash is fluffy and chunky , that 's more of a subpar pur\u00e9 . 
  meat is brown , unless you eat it completely raw ? 
  what 's wrong with the cucumbers ? 
   the sauce is added at the table . 
  yeah , but weirdly a lot ( a majority even ) of online recipes for `` swedish meatballs '' add the sauce directly to the pan . 
  that 's not how it 's done !, 
  also seen several that make them in the oven instead of a pan . 
  pah . 
  well uhm . . 
  they sell cheap furniture but that hardly competes with the impact of saving lives , does it ? 
  not to get * too * serious here , but ikea does a lot for the environment * and * saves lives . 
  for example , they invest billions of dollars into ensuring their stores use renewable energy and resources as much as possible . 
  also working with the wwf to help save forests , and donating millions to educational projects in 3rd world countries . 
  also , their [ flatpack refugee shelters ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/artanddesign/2017/jan/27/why-ikea-flatpack-refugee-shelter-won-design-of-the-year ) that massively improved the situation for thousands of people in war zones or disaster areas . 
  they 've even been compared to building with lego in terms of how adaptable they are , so even danes should like them , 
  it 's propaganda . 
  trump , the alt right , fox news ... they all hate what sweden stands for , so they spread lies about it . 
  barely any of the people who believe this have actually been here , just watched youtube videos and read racist blogs about how `` terrible '' it is . 
  just look at the current situation with fox news . 
  the photographer who filmed for the documentary says it 's bullshit and edited to make it look bad . 
  the police who were interviewed says it 's bullshit and edited to make it seem like they answered stuff they were never asked . 
  this `` expert '' they brought in is a fake . 
  yet all the sweden-haters on reddit are completely convinced that all this is just msm trying to cover up a true and proper story , that the police lie to avoid being fired or imprisoned ( yes , that 's what people think will happen ) , etc. 
  after all , they have been told over and over by people that sweden lies , the swedish government covers stuff up , swedish people knows nothing because they are kept in the dark , the international studies showing sweden is exceptionally open and transparent are all lying , any statistics and polls are all made up or faked * unless * it supports their view ... [ after all , pres. 
  trump himself literally said so ] ( https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/828574430800539648 ) :  any negative polls are fake news , just like the cnn , abc , nbc polls in the election . 
  sorry , people want border security and extreme vetting . 
  yeah , it has gotten to be one of the go-to excuses ... people make up something absolutely ridiculous , you tell them part of it 's wrong ( or just exaggerated ) and you get accused of being `` blind to the truth '' and `` denying there are any problems at all '' . 
  what 's worrying is that this view is rapidly getting more common , and it feels like a lot of people are trying to force polarization on important issues by constantly refusing and insulting even those who try to remain balanced and truthful . 
  the entire worldnews thread on this guy for example is full of people who are aggressively spamming about how people are `` blind to the truth '' and `` refusing to see how terrible the situation is '' just because they * do n't acknowledge an obvious lie as part of that `` truth '' * . 
  it 's insane and incredibly dangerous . 
  i never said it was n't a problem , i simply replied to that guy 's question of why there were so many being used . 
   nils bildt , who spoke on fox news about crime in sweden , is convicted of a violent offence himself , according to documents from arlington general district court in virginia . 
  bildt was arrested on the 19th of june , 2014 , for assaulting a law enforcement person and for obstruction of justice , after threatening an official . 
  he was sentenced to one year in prison on the 10th of november the same year . 
  he was also convicted of public inebriation at the same time . 
  nils bildt , in an e-mail to dn , says he is '' unaware of the allegations '' and therefore can not comment . 
  not fake , but exaggerated as hell . 
  where/when else would such a small , insignificant event make international news ? 
  or even be called a `` riot '' ? 
   why so many grenade attacks ? 
  first off , that article is a bit misleading . 
  not all of those incidents were actually grenades . 
  however , the reasons for the rather high number is that grenades are cheap and easy to get . 
  smuggled up leftovers from the balkans . 
  they are mostly used in gang disputes and organised crime involving european migrants , from my understanding . 
  i spent the morning arguing with people in the worldnews thread about this guy . 
  what they actually believe is completely insane . 
  here , and i wish these were just hyperbole , but they are all serious arguments i have seen from multiple people : 1 ) all of sweden is a warzone where grenade and molotov attacks are * very * common . 
  2 ) just leaving your home puts you in massive risk of getting raped and/or killed . 
  3 ) there are lawless areas where police do n't go , sharia rules and women are literally gangraped daily in the streets for breaking it . 
  4 ) violence and rape has increased by literally 100s of percent . 
  swedes do not know this since msm covers it up . 
  5 ) there is no freedom of speech . 
  saying * anything * critical against multiculturalism , immigration or the government will get you thrown in jail . 
  meanwhile , rapists are released `` to not appear islamophobic '' . 
  6 ) no official statistics that shows this is false are real . 
  they are made up to cover the horror . 
  random youtube channels and racist blogs are completely reliable tho . 
  there was also a guy who said he visited stockholm and was told by his native guides that he could not enter certain parts of he city without immense risk . 
  * any * random swede on the street would agree fully with that if asked . 
  malm\u00f6 of course they could not even stop in on the way down to denmark . 
  it was way too dangerous , even in the city center . 
  alright , thanks . 
  because i know that fox news documentary that trump was going on about made a big deal about only 500 out of 160k refugees getting a job , but failed to mention that they were n't allowed to . 
  i also did n't say that it specifically means he was lying , but it * is * pretty clear that he has a bias , and it 's important to know that when reading what he says . 
  truth or not . 
  do remember that police also have their own biases though , and that this needs to be considered when reading these stories .
