  not to mention a * real * war . 
  well , he has stated support of the russian narrative regarding ukraine in the past , saying it was a legitimate president being overthrown by neo-nazis and cia ... 
  overall , his political views are pretty off-putting , and parts of it seems to change quite often . 
  it * is * irrelevant , as has your follow-up posts been . 
  not to mention insulting in tone , and riddled with deliberate attempts at misinterpreting my words and thinly-veiled attacks on my character . 
  you fall back on that because you have no proper argument . 
  no understanding of context and subject importance . 
  you have no ground to stand on and apparently do not even know yourself what you are arguing for or against . 
  that is * my * final post . 
  the fact that he was freed completely invalidates the whole `` you 're jailed for speaking out '' narrative * and * shows that even if a frivolous charge is brought against you , our legal system * will * protect your freedom of speech . 
   you 're just handwaving it because it 's not specifically about fgm , but that 's beside the point . 
  it is not . 
  context , level of controversy surrounding the subject matter and the level/tone of the criticism or remark are important things to consider in such a discussion . 
   also , how nice that someone is immediately down voting me after i post , presumably just because they disagreed . 
  oh , come off it , are you twelve ? 
  i have n't touched your little pretend points , so you can stop it with the heavy-handed attempts at making me look bad just because you have no real arguments to stand on . 
  he claimed that someone protesting genital mutilation could be * jailed * . 
  you posted about a dude who made an intentionally inflammatory comment ( which also should be protected , and * was * protected ) about a far less controversial subject , was charged * and freed * . 
  obviously it 's not fucking relevant . 
  nope ? 
  it 's not relevant whatsoever , so i do n't see why you 'd think it was `` close enough '' . 
  on / r/europe , / r/politics , / r/news and even more on / r/worldnews ... on twitter , facebook , etc. 
  sorry , most of the time i would absolutely supply links , but i 'm talking more about a general flow of information here , not very specific instances , and i really do n't want to spend hours looking through old comment sections . 
  just sort by `` controversial '' whenever such a topic comes up about sweden somewhere on reddit , especially in subreddits with a lot of altrighters or nationalists in . 
  the `` war zone '' stuff was mostly after that uzbeki dude did a terror attack in stockholm earlier this year , and based partially on the fact that we have a fair amount of grenade attacks in malm\u00f6 ( it 's still safer than for example usa or whatever tho ) to claim that we had `` terror attacks almost daily in every major city '' . 
  if you go back and look on threads about that in the above mentioned subreddits , you might find some ( if they have n't been removed by mods ) . 
  i 've heard that we are the most racist in the world and that we are so pc that we imprison anyone who offends in any way . 
  i 've heard that we have the most draconic rape laws in the world , imprisoning people for no reason , and that we are the `` rape capital of the world '' that completely ignores any crime reports . 
  i 've heard that we have `` the most corrupt judicial system in the world '' and that we are `` literally a war zone almost as bad as syria '' . 
  no my country is not insane . 
  the fucking bullshit lies spread online are . 
  the lies spread by people who have a vested interest in ruining our image internationally . 
  so again , * sod the fuck off * . 
  prove it . 
  alright , so in order to stop people from spreading insane and massively contradictory lies intended to hurt the international perception of our country we should ... `` get our shit together '' ? 
  really ? 
  that 's what you 're going with ? 
  sod off . 
  i am asking that you stop spreading bullshit lies about my country that * people will take seriously * , since there already are enough such lies spread online by a multitude of groups . 
  no matter what the fuck you wan na call it . 
  it 's a terrible practice , and not even close to enough is being done to combat it , but could we * please * not spread even more lies about how our laws and freedom of speech works ? 
  it 's bad enough as it is . 
  or can you link any proof whatsoever that people have been jailed as you say ? 
  i know people who moved north ... they make sure to come south as much as possible in the summer , saying it 's impossible to remain up there due to the swarms . 
  we took it by [ marching the entire army across the ice ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/march_across_the_belts ) , crushing all resistance and demanding they cede scania , halland , blekinge and bornholm , after a speed-march up from poland . 
  we can do the same to defend it , except ... shit !, 
  global warming !, 
  once again the weather foils swedish military tactics !, 
  pretty much like any of the gulf states , i 'd imagine . 
  from what i 've seen of the situation thus far : 1 ) qatar is being isolated by 6 other countries , with flights cancelled and food imports halted . 
  this is supposedly because they funded terrorism ( one article said it had to do with them paying ransom money for royals who had been taken hostage , no idea if true ) , which they deny . 
  2 ) trump tweeted about it :  so good to see the saudi arabia visit with the king and 50 countries already paying off . 
  they said they would take a hard line on funding extremism , and all reference was pointing to qatar . 
  perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism !, 
  3 ) the pentagon made a statement clearly intended to soften trump 's words , most likely since the largest us military base in the region is located in qatar . 
  4 ) us intelligence community says there are indications that the crisis was started ( or at least helped along ) by fake news created and planted by russia . 
  if so , trump must have been briefed about it , only to ignore it in favor of bashing qatar . 
  nah , if you step onto it , it 'll accelerate upwards and shoot you away like a catapult . 
  would n't call it `` recent '' . 
  also , how was sweden a bad guy there ? 
  we turned the war in protestant favor , which may have had a huge impact on further development of freedom of religion . 
  granted , we did a lot of fucked up shit , but ... still not recent at least . 
  it 's because gustav vasa was elected king of sweden in the town str\u00e4ngn\u00e4s at this date , though i guess that 's basically the same thing . 
  * swedish empire intensifies *, 
  i must admit that i barely know anything about helmut kohl beyond that swedish former pm g\u00f6ran persson said he used to eat lumps of pure butter when stressed . 
  yes , though the [ english page for it on wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dance_permit ) is not updated . 
  to summarize the swedish page for it , we 've had it since 1956 ( english page for some reason says 30s ) ... immoral music , high alcohol consumption and uncontrolled meetings between youths led to the debate . 
  thus , the law was created : for any public dances , spontaneous or planned , you need a permit . 
  if people start dancing and you do not have said permit , you need to stop them right away . 
  not doing so may result in the establishment being fined for a few hundred euro . 
  2007-2010 there was a yearly vote about abolishing it . 
  2011-2014 there were 20 votes , initiated by people from all political parties except the social democrats and the christian democrats . 
  finally in 2016 , all parties except the social democrats initiated and accepted votes to abolish it . 
  the minister of justice made some statement about how doing this would lead to less security and more disorder . 
  hey , sweden is also great !, 
  we recently voted to abolish the dance ban , which required any public establishment to stop any spotaneous dancing or be fined unless they had a permit !, 
  coincidentally , that was also with all parties except the social democrats voting for it ... 
  they 've done it before as well , and were told to stop it . 
  not to mention trump had to be told ... 11 times , was it ? 
  by merkel that there are no us-german bilateral trade deals . 
  coupled with other things ( like appointing an eu ambassador that wants to break the union apart ) , i maintain my stance that the trump administration ( and it 's supporters/enablers ) is * not * an ally of the eu . 
  he said he wanted to change the rules of the senate to allow 51/100 votes to win rather than needing 60/100 though , so he 'd get his healthcare package through ( the republicans have 52 seats ) :  the u.s. senate should switch to 51 votes , immediately , and get healthcare and tax cuts approved , fast and easy . 
  dems would do it , no doubt !, 
  you mean trump 's travel itinerary map ? 
  28 in and around uppsala , and i 'm dreading having to leave this wonderful , airconditioned bus . 
   day 1453 nice historical reference . 
  two thumbs up !, 
  `` beware that , when fighting rosbif , you yourself do not become a rosbif ... for when you gaze long into the england , the england gazes also into you . '' - nietzsche, 
  we import a shitload of it to sweden , but there are often articles about how you guys treat the pigs badly , and calls for boycott or even eu courts . 
  then again , many swedish people are pretty obsessed with meat being swedish . 
  like * really * obsessed . 
  anything else is seen as inferior , and people are happy to pay a lot more just for that `` svenskt k\u00f6tt '' . 
  alright , and the correct way to discuss it politically is to attack someone who has expressed zero political interest either way , ascribing political traits to said person that you do not know if he even has , and acting in a quite frankly insulting manner ? 
  to use * actual deaths * in some lame attempt to slam a political trait you disagree with ? 
  do n't reply to me again . 
  so if you agree , why on earth would you * make * it a political thing ? 
  lol you literally called me a `` progressive '' in what was clearly meant to be an insulting way , just because i said people should n't jump on any early numbers . 
  there were no values involved , no politics , no `` progressiveness '' or any denial of anything that has happened . 
  just `` patience '' . 
  then you come along and inject political values into it for * absolutely no reason * , using these deaths to further your own political agenda and attack people out of the blue .
