  to add to that , here 's a map for the 2014 election : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/0e/swedish_election_2014_redgreen_vs_alliance_scale.png more red = more left wing more blue = more right wing, 
  none . 
  you can serve it with bruns\u00e5s ( literally `` brown sauce '' , basically gravy that 's been made thicker ) or gr\u00e4dds\u00e5s ( `` cream sauce '' , based on cream and bouillon ) made on the side , though , but they 're not actually cooked in any kind of sauce . 
  nope , they specifically said it was `` delicious '' or such  now , to be fair ... it 's normally eaten with potato , raw onion , a shot of schnapps and some other stuff , so ... not sure how much of the actual taste you get . 
  same with the loads of swedish dishes with blood , most of which are eaten mainly up north ... blood pudding is pretty good though , if served with some bacon and jam ( else it get 's * really * dry ) . 
  i mean ... 
  i have n't had it myself , but basically all the people i 've heard comment on it said it tasted great . 
  jaime oliver enjoyed it when he tried it during his show as well . 
  compared to how it is in the country of origin , i guess pretty much everything . 
  at least asian , indian , middle-eastern and * some * southern european foods . 
  to put it in reverse , swedish foods that i often see mistreated in recipes online : - swedish meatballs , as i often see meatballs claimed to be `` swedish style '' that are made in tomato sauce , at which point they 're no longer swedish . 
  - hasselback potatoes , which seemed quite popular about half a year ago . 
  they 're supposed to be cut a certain way , brushed with a little butter and covered in bread crumbs , maybe some herbs or garlic . 
  most us recipes i saw on imgur or yahoo called for huge amounts of cheese and butter to be added . 
   the most popular pizza here is topped with kebab meat . 
  what the hell ? 
  a * properly * made kebabpizza is the best kind of pizza that you can get ( outside of italy ) , though !, 
  my favorite is the viking special variety from a certain place , however . 
  take a kebab pizza and fold it over along the middle before baking , making it basically a large hot pocket filled with kebab meat , sauce and cheese ... then cut it open and dump a large stack of fries into it before serving . 
  then ... do n't eat anything else for the rest of the week , i guess . 
  well regarding the view of usa from the larger swedish political parties , i 'd say : right wing : moderate party - fairly positive . 
  liberals - fairly positive . 
  center - no idea . 
  christian democrats - no idea , think positive ? 
  left wing : social democrats - negative . 
  green party - very negative . 
  left party - extremely negative . 
  feminist party - very negative . 
  disputed : sweden democrats ( nationalist ) - no idea , but they are rather putin-friendly . 
  currently , the social democrats and the green party make up the government . 
  the four right wing parties was the government 2006-2014 and are working together as an `` alliance '' . 
  the feminist party is by far the furthest left , while the green party and left party are about the same . 
  i may be wrong with a couple of them , but i read a lot of political news and this is the views i have noticed . 
  the left party is exceptional in that they seem to absolutely * hate * everything about the us at times and their former leader claiming even cuba is more democratic and better to live in . 
  edit : oh , and the views of the parties are often reflected in the views of their voters as well , though the larger moderate , social democrat and sweden democrat parties may have more variation in views among their voters . 
  anti-chinese ... barely spoken of . 
  anti-russian , mainly when they have done something ( like ukraine , in syria or sent a sub into our waters ) . 
  often met with quite a few people defending them , mainly from the left wing . 
  anti-american is mostly from the left wing ( especially the left party ) and mainly aimed at republicans and their supporters . 
  slightly more common during or after any trouble in the middle east ( no matter if they are involved or not ) . 
  - do n't dress `` too hot '' for the weather . 
  you can often spot the exchange students in my home town by them having jackets while everyone else has t-shirts and shorts . 
  - go outside and spend as much time as possible in the sun as soon as it 's over 10c . 
  - do n't talk to strangers if you can avoid it . 
  - do n't sit next to people you do n't know on the bus if you can avoid it ( bonus points if you stand up rather than sit next to someone ) . 
  - do n't stand too close to strangers waiting for the bus/train . 
  5-10 meters distance to everyone is fine . 
  - `` fika '' plenty and often . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fika_ ( sweden ) - drink large amounts of coffee daily . 
  that 's a very common left wing argument , but since we 're already such close partners with nato that we basically do everything we can together without membership ... most people tend to ignore it . 
  not to mention our `` neutrality '' has been broken quite a few times already , then . 
  well , the right wing wan na join as soon as possible . 
  the left wing refuses to even consider it , saying we would be dragged into pointless wars by usa ( or as the left party says , `` american imperialists '' ) . 
  public opinion is generally moving slowly towards a higher % wanting to join , however . 
  it 's at slightly above 50 % right now and goes up every time russia does anything bad . 
  it seems spain are reasserting their claim to gibraltar right now : http://finance.yahoo.com/news/brexit-spain-proposes-shared-sovereignty-over-gibraltar-073024806.html, 
  lost 2-3 swedish kronor on the stock market because of it . 
  that 's ... pretty much the only `` near future '' difference i can think of . 
  if we 're going by when we had most influence ... 
  the swedish empire is generally considered to have lasted between 1611 and 1721 . 
  at it 's peak , it commanded an area twice the size of modern sweden and was considered a major superpower in europe . 
  it started with gustavus adolphus ( the great , the lion of the north , etc ) . 
  as one of the greatest military commanders of all time , he is sometimes called the `` father of modern warfare '' and turned the 30 years war to protestant favor by wiping out several armies of the holy roman empire ( helping secure the beginnings of religious freedom in europe ) . 
  it ended with charles xii and the great northern war , in which denmark-norway , saxony-poland-lithuania and russia launched an allied attack on sweden ( our king being only 18 years old and thus inexperienced ) . 
  charles xii pushed back denmark-norway , won the battle of narva against a 3x larger russian army , beat saxony into submission and forced the polish-lithuanian commonwealth to accept defeat . 
  however , the now 24 year old charles xii refused the russian offer of peace and marched on moscow . 
  initial battles were won , but the swedish army was destroyed at the battle of poltava ( due to a huge list of unfortunate circumstances ) and charles was forced to flee south , to the ottomans . 
  he was killed after returning and opening a norweigian front ( unknown if enemy or friendly fire ) . 
  ** tl ; dr ** if charles xii had just known when enough 's enough , it would have probably lasted much longer . 
  tallrik when drunk , pizza when not ( tho viking special is even better , though that 's more a local thing i guess ) . 
  kebab , or tunnbr\u00f6dsrulle : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fpcytfxnu7y, 
  yeah i think a lot of the areas above the polar circle is often called that , perhaps ? 
  i have seen `` land of the midnight sun '' for sweden sometimes , though most commonly northern sweden specifically . 
  for sweden specifically , i 'd say the five most important are : - swedish war of liberation 1521-1523 . 
  became free from the kalmar union we had originally joined to counter the hanseatic league . 
  - thirty years ' war 1618-1648 ( sweden joined 1630 ) . 
  sweden turned the war in protestant favor , started the rise of the swedish empire . 
  it caused the death of gustavus adolphus the great ( known as the `` father of modern warfare '' and considered by napoleon , patton and others to be one of the greatest generals ever ) . 
  - great northern war 1700-1721 , in which a coalition of russia , denmark-norway and saxony attacked sweden ( who had help from the ottoman empire ) . 
  the polish-lithuanian commonwealth joined 1701 and prussia and hanover in 1715 , against sweden ) . 
  marks the end of the northern wars and the swedish empire . 
  - the finnish war , 1808-1809 , loss of finland to russia . 
  new constitution adopted by the swedish riksdag and establishment of the current royal line , the house of bernadotte . 
  - war with norway 1814 . 
  sweden forced norway into a personal union ( which was later broken fairly peacefully ) in what is generally considered the last swedish war ( we have been `` neutral '' since ) . 
  in school we 'd mostly only learn about the first two and a couple of mentions about the third of these , though . 
  more focus was put on the roman empire , vikings , vasa-era kings , birth of democracy and ww2 . 
  in fact , ww2 was repeated almost every year , and always from the same angle . 
  also keep in mind that while i say these are the `` most important '' , there has been dozens of other smaller wars as well . 
  sweden and denmark are the two countries who have been at war with each other the most times in the entire world , for example . 
  we have also fought russia , the commonwealth , the holy roman empire and lots of others over and over and over . 
  we stood against napoleon in later years , as well . 
  just read here , or follow the cite notes : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rape_statistics#sweden https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rape_in_sweden you 've got bbc , br\u00c5 , some universities , ur , amnesty , sydsvenskan , dn and some other sources linked there , plenty to read !, 
  i would be okay with it if they actually cited some * reliable sources * for their arguments , but whenever you * do * get some sources it 's always anti-muslim blog # 5643 or something like that . 
  i mean i am personally against the immigration policy my country has had ( since it 's obvious we ca n't deal with it ) , but let 's at least stick to facts . 
   i wish others would do the same same ... last time i discussed this with someone , i was told that i was `` just cowardly hiding behind statistics '' to `` ignore the muslim threat '' or something like that . 
  needless to say , i did not reply any further after . 
   `` rape in sweden has increased by 500 % ! '', 
  there 's one statement that it increased by 400 % in 2005 , which was actually a certain type of rape and only because it was changed to not be included in an umbrella term in october-november one year ( hence 2-3 months one year compared to 12 months next year showed as a huge increase ) . 
  regarding the rape situation in sweden in general ( as this is often spoken of ) , here 's what i 've posted regarding it before :  swedish rape statistics are done in a completely different way than they are in other countries .
