well , while the right wing started talking about restricting asylum rights about a year ago , the left wing claimed they were racist and kept on going . 
  as a result , things got really bad , with asylum seekers being forced to sleep in the immigration agency offices and lobbies since all housing ( incl . 
  rented apartments , hotels , camping cabins , etc ) were full . 
  at that point , they suddenly decided `` oh shit , this is going to hell '' , so they put in the toughest restrictions in europe . 
  without any consequence analysis ( and protests from several other parties and the courts ) . 
  tons of people working in denmark and living in sweden ( or the opposite ) were delayed by hours each day , while several have gotten stuck in another country after losing their id and such . 
  the region has applied for money from the state to make up for the hit their economy took due to the new rules . 
  the police have been unable to focus resources on crime solving since they were forced to suddenly take care of this . 
  several train companies completely shut down their operations since their staff was not trained to handle the new rules . 
  meanwhile , the vice prime minister was * crying * on live tv about how horrible the new rules ( they put in ) are . 
  the other leader of her party ( green party ) was in another channel talking about how horrible those rules were , but how it was necessary . 
  meanwhile , large parts of their party demanded a return to their old politics - that the borders should be 100 % open ( they 've even suggested using the military picking refugees up down in syria and africa ) . 
  ** tl ; dr ** yes , tougher than denmark , and put in as a complete panic arrangement . 
   is n't that what the green party wants , is sustainability ? 
  i honestly have no idea ... 
  i mean look at their energy politics . 
  they convinced the social democrats to massively raise all nuclear power fees and costs to force the nuclear plants to shut down ( while they can claim they did n't directly shut them down ) ... 
  but there is no backup power . 
  wind , solar , water and such ca n't replace it in the short term . 
  if the nuclear plants do shut down , we 'll be left either without power or being forced to import coal/oil energy . 
  there 's nothing sustainable there , but `` at least '' they 're rid of nuclear !, 
  the green party ( at least here in sweden ) will ignore any facts to get their ideology through and , it seems , sacrifice any part of their ideology to remain in power ( which they have gotten huge internal criticism for ) . 
  several muslims who have been denied employment here in sweden due to refusing to shake hands with women have sued and won 2-3k euro in damages , while being defended by the green party and social democrats ... so the only reason they 're not defending khan harder is that they know media and the population are against such idiot ideas . 
   they seem more concerned with bringing millions of people over here than actually helping them in their home countries and improving their living conditions over there to help minimise mass migration the swedish government ( which includes the green party and social democrats ) are taking huge sums out of global aid money to fund the immigration at the moment ... meanwhile , the green party lead have been `` forced '' to accept tighter border controls , while their members demand 100 % open borders and many even want the swedish military to send airplanes down and ship immigrants home `` because it 's safer than having them make the trip alone '' ... 
  hard to say if that will happen , though . 
  they are losing in the polls * very * quickly , along with most of the left wing . 
  just happy it 's finally getting out ... them and other related parties area dropping like rocks in the polls at the moment . 
  the largest right wing party is only 1 % below the greens ( former 3rd largest party ) and socialists ( former largest party ) combined in the latest polls . 
   i thought the feminists were for equal rights in sweden . 
  yeah , as long as it does n't affect muslims ... some of the more right-wing feminists have tried to put more of a spotlight on the feminist struggle globally , specifically in countries like syria . 
  however , this mostly leads to them being accused of various things ( including racism and attempting to silence the debate on local issues ) . 
   will be interesting to see if the party gets punished for this by the voters . 
  the green party is at the lowest they 've been in 10 years in the polls , while their government buddies the social democrats are falling , falling , falling . 
  most of the right wing parties and the sweden democrats are increasing . 
  well , it certainly does n't help that immigrants involving themselves with the right wing in politics are attacked by the left wing as `` race traitors '' and `` too dumb to understand they are being used '' and other bullshit like that . 
  the green party in sweden is currently in government with the social democrats , feminist members of whom have said that the situation for women in stockholm is comparable to the situation in syria . 
  when an iranian-swedish right wing politician called them out on it , they called him ( among other things ) `` race traitor '' ( for not being left wing despite being an immigrant ) and `` racist '' . 
  should say enough about how `` much '' they care about that stuff . 
  actually , sd has quite a large number of immigrant supporters who feel that the immigration is too high and worry that the country they came to may not be able to keep up . 
  swedish empire 2.0 !, 
  sweden int\u00f6 relevancy !, 
  gl\u00f6rius sweden !, 
   that 's an exaggeration barely ... they 've been at above 28 % in yougov polls at least twice now , while staying at around 18 % or lower in all other polls i have seen . 
  the left wing feminists here in sweden are basically tumblr irl , but they also completely refuse to even comment if forced to choose between defending islamic beliefs or females . 
  there are some who attempt to get them to change ( on both sides ) , but they are generally attacked as `` racist '' or `` islamophobic '' and the question ignored . 
  an example is an iranian-swedish member of the moderate party ( center-right , conservative ) who criticized a group of socialist feminists for claiming women in stockholm have it `` just as bad '' as women in syria . 
  in response he was attacked on social media , and accused of trying to move focus away from the local struggle or some bs like that . 
  to be fair , the leftist government fridolin is a part of is very much against corporations as well ... raising taxes for employers , making it more difficult to hire people , portraying employers as villains ... spotify and several other large swedish companies have threatened to move because of it . 
  over 5500 construction/cleaning companies have shut down ( or gone illegal , as in non-taxpaying ) in the past year or so because of their politics . 
  there is even a movement within the government and unions that want to return to the 1970s , when privately owned companies were seized by the state and given to the unions as part of socialization programs , `` to hand control of the corporations to the employees '' . 
  meanwhile , the swedish unions keep growing in power as the social democrats give them high ranking positions within the state , government , party , etc. 
  they keep doing their blockades of any company that does n't obey them to the letter , driving several bankrupt over tiny details . 
  tl ; dr : as the worker 's movement is becoming increasingly irrelevant , the political left attempts to return to their `` glorious past '' , partially by handing insane power to the massively corrupt unions ... and the things you said , on top of that . 
  sd are consistently around 10 % higher in the yougov polls than in literally * all * other polls , though . 
  it is vastly more complicated than that , though ( as someone who hates the current government and really do wish they would go away ) . 
   have persons in high positions that do n't shake hands with women and they do n't get criticized for that , and so on actually , that dude quit after people criticized them heavily for having him ( they themselves did not see a problem with it , though ) , so people are really starting to get tired of their bs . 
  think most of us swedes and finns are better at it abroad , but come to one of our countries and start chatting with some random people at buses and you 'll see :d, 
  well , in finland and sweden people do n't like getting too close to people they do n't know ... like being within 5-10 meters of each other while waiting for buses , or sitting next to someone on a bus if you can avoid it ( standing is preferred by many , if they can and it 's a shorter trip , like in-city ) . 
  if you * are * forced to sit next to someone , you 'd do best to avoid speaking to them , or people will think you 're insane . 
  olycka = accident , hardship , misfortune ... almost always means `` accident '' , though . 
  she later attempted to clarify by saying she meant an `` olycka '' for the situation of muslims in sweden , or something like that ( and that the sept. 11 attacks were of course very bad ) . 
  not sure why she had to involve all that this particular discussion , though . 
  my personal favorite that i only know one place that serves properly is the viking special ... a folded together kebab pizza filled with meat , cheese and sauce ( choice of hot , garlic or mixed ) , served with fries : http://www.frankjohansson.com/blog/files/2009/07/p1070911.jpg of course , normally it 's not slightly burnt like in the picture above ... it does n't look very good perhaps , but the taste is amazing . 
  to be hero is actually chinese ( or part so ) and absolutely hilarious ( if a bit low humor at times ) . 
  i 've been to florida a few times , where there 's * all * kinds of stores open all night ... it 's wonderful . 
  though i must admit that being able to shop at the nike outlet at 4am probably is n't something we need . 
  still , i do n't understand why it 'd be so bad to allow grocery stores to be open past midnight in areas where there 's clearly a demand for it . 
  we also have some other laws here in sweden that dictates stuff like that , though ... stores are not allowed to be open `` too late '' at night , the employer has to pay extra if it 's during a weekend or holiday , etc. 
  some of it depends on which union though . 
  for example , a store in my city applied to be open 24/7 since they 're located in the middle of a student housing area and there is a massive interest for it . 
  they gathered 1000s of signatures and got dozens of job applications ( as they 'd hire new people for the extra time ) , but the unions said no since `` there 's no public interest '' and `` it 's too dangerous because of robbery risks '' . 
  mcdonalds have another union , so they 're allowed , though ... 
  why would you make a society where you have to , when there 's the option to * not * have it that way ? 
  hey , no need to be bitter !, 
  sweden also has historical philosophy and culture . 
  like , uh ... descartes died here !, 
  that 's a contribution . 
  kinda . 
  true , but gustavus adolphus for example : - turned the entire 30 years war in protestant favor at the battle of breitenfeld , weakening the holy roman empire and securing protestant freedom in europe ( a * huge * step toward religious freedom ) . 
  - established sweden as a superpower , the swedish empire . 
  cut russia off from having a baltic coast . 
  defeated sigismund in battle . 
  - revolutionized warfare ( being known as the `` father of modern warfare and influenced later commanders such as napoleon , clausewitz , patton , etc ) . 
  - ~ ~ significantly lowered the population and amount of towns/villages in what is now germany and some other countries ~ ~, 
  yeah , adolf frederick at least died eating what he loved ...  adolf frederick died in stockholm on 12 february 1771 after having consumed a meal consisting of lobster , caviar , sauerkraut , kippers and champagne , which was topped off with 14 servings of his favourite dessert : semla stuffed with almond paste and served in a bowl of hot cream . 
  quite an interesting monarch , really ( even if you do n't consider his death ) ... a constitutional figurehead in a state run by parliament * in the 1700s * , with liberal reforms and freedom of press being enacted under his time . 
  super early . 
  too bad gustav iii and his coup followed , even if he too did a lot for individual freedoms , culture and social reform . 
  yes , but it goes solely by current geography , not by historical geography . 
  that 's why kant is listed as russian , homer as turkish and attila as hungarian as well . 
  because * geographically * they were born in what is currently that country , even if that country did not exist then ( or the specific region was owned by someone else ) . 
  it goes by place of birth compared to borders of modern nations ... attila was born in what would later become modern hungary ... 
  bjork is 7th for iceland ... but snorri sturluson composed the prose edda and many other texts , being one of * the * most important individuals in how we know norse mythology and history from that time . 
  it 's from an * american * site , with the lists based solely on * place of birth * as related to modern day nations . 
  he was born in what is now hungary , thus he is listed as hungary . 
  it 's not just eastern europe that is iffy , but western as well . 
  because he was born in sk\u00e5ne and it goes solely by place of birth , yeah ... not the best system , but . 
  nobel is 2nd and strindberg 10th ... but linnaeus had a * huge * influence on so much , being one of the founders of modern ecology , the inventor of the naming system used , inventor of index cards , the type specimen for homo sapien , and many other things . 
  i do question some of the rankings , though . 
  no idea how sigismund iii vasa ( king of poland and temporarily sweden , born in sweden of a swedish dynasty ) is the most famous born here in the `` politics '' section , beating out carolous rex and gustavus adolphus , for example .
