  i 've spent more time arguing against altrighters and the like than you could possibly know , and this sub is * not * overrun with them . 
  far from it . 
  pretty done wasting my time arguing with you , though . 
  what would i have to add ? 
  downvotes prove * nothing * about altrighters having taken over the sub , and are actually from people disagreeing with your assertion , not because people are altrighters . 
  if anything , it proves you are wrong . 
  mate , you 're over-reacting . 
  they are a problem , sure , but in the majority of threads they are downvoted and corrected . 
  i 've seen some threads go to hell like you said , but not many , and only smaller ones . 
  you may be right in that they dictate part of how the discussion goes at times though . 
  while there is a lot of altrighters on this sub smearing sweden ( especially lately it feels like ) , i 'd say they are in a very small minority . 
  the vast majority understands that their propaganda is bullshit and simply not true . 
  you can find the same stuff at / r/europe , / r/politics , / r/news , / r/worldnews and any number of other subs though . 
  hell , whenever / r/sweden reaches the front page the thread often has to be locked because of stuff like that . 
  literally every single time sweden comes up in a thread i see it . 
  hell , i 've seen people say it 's `` almost as bad as syria '' , being completely serious . 
   we literally have belgians that do n't see the point of having an army at all . 
  well the swedish fi party wants to abolish the military and use the money to fund a `` peace institute '' instead , while their former leader said we should see the russian violations of our airspace and waters as `` an attempt at reaching out '' . 
  they also seem to think the military has no other use/task than aggression wars though . 
   liberals of all people by which definition of `` liberal '' ? 
  the swedish liberal party are very much against such things , and are right-of-centre ( with greens being fairly far left ) . 
  reminds me of the green party here in sweden wanting to move statues of old kings ( especially ones known for military accomplishments ) to more hidden locations because they felt the statues glorified violence and authoritarianism . 
  well they dropped like one or two bombs , and we * did * send volunteers and resources despite being neutral . 
  we made concessions and forgave such things for both sides all the time . 
  there were also at least three accidental allied bombings of sweden during ww2 , so it 's not like it 's an isolated incident . 
  things like that happened , especially as you said if it 's bad weather or such : - british bombing of malm\u00f6 1940 , which did little damage and was initially denied ( but later admitted due to evidence ) . 
  was supposed to be against stettin , in poland . 
  - british bombing of lund 1943 , which destroyed a transformer station and a farm ( 17 greenhouses and killed 150 hens ) . 
  the farm owners were compensated after the war . 
  was supposed to be a nighttime raid against berlin . 
  - soviet bombing of stockholm and str\u00e4ngn\u00e4s , hitting for example the s\u00f6dermanland armoured regiment . 
  was supposedly to be against finnish targets \u00c5bo and mariehamn . 
  soviet completely denied that anything happened though , and there are some theories that it was actually an attempt at intimidating sweden into stopping support/volunteers to finland . 
  to be honest , i do n't know much about it beyond the etymology of the word . 
  looking it up ... they were isolated in a restricted area , `` originally nearby islands '' . 
  perhaps these islands had people who sold food and supplies ? 
  honestly do n't know . 
  i blame the heat making me think bad !, 
  cheers , fixed it . 
  do n't worry . 
  if you guys run out of milk , sweden will help you like we helped norway when they ran out of butter that one time . 
  by melting it down , pouring it out and posting videos of it to norweigian sites online . 
  from what i 've read in the past , they shut the city gates and checked anyone who entered for symptoms . 
  if anyone inside the city showed symptoms , the windows and door of their house was bricked up and they ( and their exposed family ) were left to die in isolation , rather than try to heal them with bleedings and stuff . 
  venice apparently did the same , stopping all traffic to the city , and had somewhat lower amounts of death as well . 
  the word `` quarantine '' comes from that - `` quaranta giorni '' , `` forty days '' , how long a ship had to wait before docking . 
  then in the 1600s , milan was struck by another plague that destroyed half the population , so guess they had stopped with the effective measures by then . 
  well , there were multiple plagues , but yeah it seems to originally have come to europe with the mongol invasion ( and or trade caravans ) . 
  check here if you want a quick summary of how it spread : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_death_migration, 
  [ here 's that map ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/15/bubonic_plague-en.svg ), 
  it 's a bit tiring to see constant lies about your country online and being downvoted whenever you try to correct them though . 
  at least some of that stuff is starting to die down , but it flares up again whenever a related thread comes up ... and new stuff is starting to emerge as the old talking points become old and more people know them to be lies . 
  but hey , if you wan na feel included , i just saw some trump supporters talking about how the `` nordic countries '' are failing ( economically and socially ) just a couple of days ago . 
  well , i can find no credible source for the perpetrators being foreigners , though the sexual assaults and rapes is the reason given for shutting down by the people holding the festival , yes . 
  others speculate that it 's simply an excuse for shutting down a non-profitable festival though , which the company has denied . 
  that 's not really relevant though . 
  i 'm talking more about hard numbers . 
  i 've seen many online claim that the amount of rapes in sweden has risen by 300 % , 400 % , 600 % or even 1350 % ( it seems to increase for every time it 's repeated , and 1350 % is the highest i 've seen thus far ) in the past couple of years , which is * not * even close to true , as it has been largely unchanged except that one time in ... 2005 , iirc , that the definition was completely changed , leading to a rise in the statistics . 
  also false claims about police refusing to register immigrant crimes , or even claims that they 've told rape victims that it is n't illegal anymore if muslims does it . 
  ridiculous bullshit that is only reported by ( surprise , surprise ) anti-immigrant blogs and youtubers . 
   anyone else worried about the sheer amount of disinformation targeted at sweden ? 
  what 's up with it ? 
  it is coming from quite a few sources , not just russia directly , and has been for the past few years . 
  - if it 's misinformation regarding there being `` a lot of rape '' or related to immigration , it 's most likely from anti-immigrant groups , trump supporters and various altrighters . 
  - if it 's about our rape laws being exceptionally draconic ( stuff like `` you can be charged if she changes her mind after '' or `` it 's rape there if the condom accidentally breaks '' ) , it might be the same group . 
  - however , if the above falsehood is coupled with claims of our courts and justice system being `` the most corrupt in the world '' , sweden doing whatever usa says , etc. . . more likely to be wikileaks/assange supporters . 
  - if it 's related to the military or something like that , russia . 
  that 's why he said `` same population * density * '' , not `` same population '' . 
   they would have had some incredible buildings . 
  until it sank into the muddy ground berlin is built on because the main building hitler wanted to build was waaaaaaay too big . 
  according to people critical of the king , sure . 
  others say he was simply trying to prevent provokations against a potential invader , and he met with nazi leaders for diplomatic reasons ( he was asked to by roosevelt at least once , for example ) . 
  it also helps that germany ( like sweden and finland ) were anti-russian at the time . 
  during ww1 there was a far stronger pro-german ( and anti-russian ) swedish stance though , with germany supposedly having offered a restoration of the swedish empire in exchange for an alliance ( this offer was rejected as the swedish leaders , including the king , did not think the people would support it ) . 
  as for the population in sweden being pro-german during ww2 , i ca n't find any source about it . 
  had we not done that , we would have been invaded and occupied like the rest . 
  we would not have been able to act as sanctuary for thousands of refugees ( political , jewish , etc ) , train resistance groups for our neighbours , limit nazi use of our train system , monitor nazi communications and send vital intel to the allied countries , etc. 
  well a massive coalition of russia and multiple other major regional powers declared war and were initially defeated . 
  the march on moscow went to hell because of murphy 's law - everything that could go wrong did . 
  like three waves of reinforcements were held up , allies ( ivan mazepa and his cossacks ) slaughtered before they could meet up , coldest year in five centuries ... at poltava itself the king was wounded before the battle , forcing him to delegate command . 
  the general doing recon was discovered , giving away the element of surprise . 
  the artillery was delayed and thus not in position . 
  the army was split up during the battle , making it easy to isolate and destroy the smaller groups , etc. 
  closes at 7pm all weekdays ( including fridays ) and 3pm on saturdays . 
  ones not located centrally ( so you need a car , bus or long walk/bike to reach them ) are often open until 8pm weekdays . 
  closed entirely on sundays and holidays . 
   backwards state monopoly on alcohol that the public misconstrues as progressive eh , i do n't see what would be bad about it ? 
  i think he was also accused of saying he had a condom on when he did n't , which is illegal ( as you are tricking someone into a sexual situation they did not consent to if you do that ) . 
  his supporters then spread rumors online about how you can be convicted of rape `` if your condom accidentally breaks '' or if the girl is worried she might have caught an std after agreeing not to use one . 
  this is then often coupled with the `` they were coerced into filing a report against their will '' narrative to make it seem even less reasonable . 
  the funny things about the `` malm\u00f6 is a literal warzone with daily muslim grenade attacks '' narrative : - yes , there is a grenade problem . 
  no , it 's not muslims using them . 
  biker gangs have been pretty bad with it though . 
  - malm\u00f6 is still far safer than the us average if you compare statistics . 
  willem-alexander is officially of house orange-nassau , created in 1544 ( and technically extinct ) , and agnatically of house amsberg , created before 1686 . 
  the house of bernadotte was created in 1810 , during the napoleonic era . 
   they have a currently french dynasty , also the only remaining dynasty to be created during the napoleonic era iirc . 
  so basically ww2 but with usa instead of germany ? 
  could also see russia making secret deals with the us and then simply withdrawing the moment usa is committed , then . 
  still , this is all highly unlikely stuff and i 'm pretty sure even the republicans would instantly turn on trump if a trade war with the eu was even on the table .
