  harry potter movies in the winter ( especially leading up to christmas ) . 
  pirates of the carribean trilogy in the spring . 
  avatar : the last airbender in summer . 
  new girl , how i met your mother or archer a bit whenever . 
  also various star wars . 
  i also rewatch lost in translation ( my favorite movie ) sometimes when i ca n't sleep and it 's raining outside ... not really multiple times a year tho , just 1-2 maybe . 
  the march across the belts , 1657-1658 , during the second northern war . 
  sweden was tied up in poland and wanted to disengage , when denmark declared war . 
  provided with an excuse , karl x and his small army sped directly from poland to the danish mainland , where they crushed all resistance . 
  with jutland under control , karl x started preparations for an assault on the danish islands . 
  however , winter struck , freezing the sea between the islands and making a naval assault impossible . 
  thus , karl x consulted with his engineer , got support for his replacement plan and marched 9000 cavalry , 3000 infantry and some artillery across the ice , which was warped so much by the weight that the soldiers would sometimes be up to their knees in water . 
  they reached funen , fought off the danish there , then marched across the ice again to zealand , arriving at copenhagen months before the danes expected them . 
  with the danes taken completely by surprise , the war ended as a massive victory for sweden , and the treaty of roskilde forced denmark-norway to cede blekinge , bornholm , bohusl\u00e4n , scania ( sk\u00e5ne ) , halland and tr\u00f8ndelag ... and several other provisions . 
  ** tl ; dr ** karl x marched his entire army across the frozen sea twice , won massively , forced denmark-norway to cede a third of their territory . 
  i 've been called racist simply for saying i do n't want `` open borders '' , and fascist because i wanted to give police more freedom to act in certain situations . 
  my party ( liberals ) was accused of both racism and fascism just for suggesting a discussion regarding a ban on face-covering religious garments on teachers , as facial movements are seen as a part of pedagogics . 
  i 've also been called a lot of other bad stuff by right-wingers ( though mostly non-swedes online ) for various things . 
  there are idiots in all political groups . 
  if you debate enough , you 'll be called a lot of things , often for the dumbest of reasons , and it 's getting even more common . 
  if not , you 're either damn lucky or surrounded by very understanding and open people . 
  i trust the police in general , yes . 
  i do * not * trust the national police commissioner and other top level leaders though , as they repeatedly seem incompetent and the npc has a history of silencing internal criticism/dissent both in this position and earlier ones ... also the fact that he essentially got the job because of his political views , which he has voiced while in said position ( * highly * unethical ) . 
  usually they have separate shelves for mexican ( well , taco/tortilla stuff ) , general east asian ( often with more specific thai or japanese sections ) , indian and a smaller shelf area with some us snacks and drinks . 
  some larger ones will also have specific arabic/turkish or eastern european shelves . 
  i know a few have specific sausage/meat sections for eastern europe . 
  most nationalities are not seperated ... deli sections have a ton of spanish , italian , french and german stuff but no separate shelving . 
  greek cheese sometimes has it 's own area in the cheese section tho . 
  there was an idea to put a classic `` falur\u00f6d stuga '' on the moon that did n't get enough funding that i felt would 've been cool tho . 
  actually , i made this account around the time i changed my diet , and i often eat fish on fridays since it 's so easy to make a good meal with it . 
  was probably hungry when i did it . 
  i cut down by meat intake by around 90 % a little over a year ago , partially to save money , so very rarely . 
  when i do , i mostly use it in stews or soups . 
  most days , i eat dishes with sausage ( as they are often on sale really cheap in a store here ) , fish or vegetarian ( i use a lot of eggs and cheeses like feta , mozzarella and halloumi instead of meat , generally ) . 
  now that i think about it , i can barely even remember the last time i had beef while not visiting someone or eating at a restaurant . 
  probably as far back as january/february . 
  before i made the change , i would eat either cheap beef or pork almost daily ... felt like i was almost forcing it into dishes just because `` you 're supposed to '' . 
  now it 's not even a concious choice anymore , i simply do n't walk past the meat section in the store unless i 'm specifically getting something from it . 
  is everyone you know there named glenn ? 
  can i cheat the system by voting against my wishes to force it to conform with what i * really * want ? 
  i would say that sd gaining popularity is more of a consequence than a problem in itself . 
  the * real * problem is political polarization and the current debate climate regarding these topics , where both sides accuse the other of increasingly ridiculous things ... which in turn has lead to that gain . 
  for example , liberalerna ( then folkpartiet ) a few years ago wanted to have a discussion regarding a ban on school teachers wearing face-covering religious garments , as they felt facial expressions and such are a vital part of pedagogics . 
  instead of holding a discussion about it , the left wing and media called them racists , facists and nazis until they withdrew the idea and never spoke of it again . 
  meanwhile , you have the nationalists saying the left wing is only pro-immigration to destroy swedish culture , and that the right wing is pro-immigration to `` import a new class of poor people to exploit '' . 
  the years pass , the debate climate gets worse and worse , and eventually you end up being accused of racism/facism if you speak out against any aspect of immigration/integration , and of wanting to ruin swedish culture and getting everyone rape-murdered if you defend or promote any level of immigration . 
  as someone who is fairly close to the middle politically , i speak from personal experience , as i have been accused of both more times than i could count . 
  pretty sure it 's also a global problem rather than * just * a swedish one though . 
  the last three people to randomly speak to me on the street ... - girl trying to get a signature for some cause . 
  - dude asking for directions . 
  - somewhat crazy-looking old man who randomly just said the classic line `` du vet va dom s\u00e4ger om peugeot ... en sitter i , och en knuffar p\u00e5 ! '', 
  ( roughly translated , `` ya know what they say about peugeot , one sits in it and one pushes it '' , though it rhymes in swedish ) . 
  not exactly a lot of bonding opportunities there , even if i 'd wanted to . 
  freshwater lake . 
  also , the baltic sea is `` brackish water '' , which has a lower salinity than regular salt water . 
  uppsala , sweden gets it 's water from wells pumped from the ground as well . 
  very chalky taste in my building ( not as bad in other places ) , and apparently one of 3-4 municipalities in sweden to have somewhat above recommended level of uranium in the water ( though this was a few years ago , and the recommended level is far below what is damaging anyways ) . 
  according to the official website , the water hardness ( not sure of the proper term here ? ), 
  in uppsala is 10 \u00b0 dh ( 1 \u00b0 dh = 10mg calcium oxide per liter ) and has 1,0 mg fluoride per liter . 
  varies greatly throughout the municipality though . 
  well , i would n't watch a show where the main character is a mythical dude who may not have existed because it 's historically accurate . 
  more for the story and aesthetics . 
  i heard that they did do a rather accurate depiction of viking burial rites as written down by ahmad ibn fadlan ... though i also heard they 're sometimes not even geographically accurate , what with the mountains of uppsala and fjords of denmark they 've got going ? 
  still , entertainment is entertainment i guess . 
  exactly . 
  son to sigurd ring and related to gudfred , who stood against charlemange himself in war . 
  married three times ... to a shieldmaiden , to a noblewoman he saved from a tower encircled by a giant venom-spitting lindworm ( type of wing/armless dragon ) and to a v\u00f6lva . 
  father of ivar boneless , bj\u00f6rn ironside , halfdan ragnarsson , hvitserk ( white-shirt ) , sigurd snake-in-the-eye , ubba ... all of whom in turn connect to other real or mythical characters and events ( like the great heathen army ) in the nordics , francia and the british isles . 
  speaking of ragnar , i really should watch * vikings * ... was too busy when it first started , so never really got into it , but what little i saw seemed interesting and i 've only ever heard good stuff about it . 
  i would probably clump scandinavia together a bit ( since our countries did n't really exist back then ) and say ragnar lodbrok , who may or may not actually be a mixture of various real people put into one legend . 
  sadly , it 's a thing that happens , though waaaay more rare in some places . 
  even here in sweden there is a fairly large amount of prejudice against male daycare workers though , for example . 
  agreed , and i believe the past should be discussed and acknowledged . 
  does n't stop me from being annoyed when people claim sweden was `` basically a nazi nazi state , unofficially allied with and actively helping hitler '' . 
  or when any argument against that is dismissed as `` swedish propaganda '' . 
  i would say that the war was as much about power as it was religion , or rather about the use of religion to support and justify power structures and traditional balances . 
  regardless , without that hellish war ( and the turn in protestant favor at the battle of breitenfeld ) , i think it 's certainly possible that the western world would have a * much * lower degree of religious freedom now . 
  granted , i 'm no historian , just very interested in the subject , so take anything i say with a grain of salt . 
  would add : 1995 , sweden becomes a part of the eu . 
  2010 , for the first time in swedish modern history a right-wing government is reelected after serving a full term . 
  pretty big no matter if one likes it or not . 
  7:1 has even been [ featured in a manga ] ( https://images-cdn.9gag.com/photo/avwmmem_700b.jpg ) . 
  not sure the reunification has . 
  sweden apparently has the biggest car boot sale in the world ( found out just a few days ago myself ) , with the record being set a year ago . 
  not sure if they managed to break it last week at the anniversery of the record though , have n't seen anything more about it . 
  some pictures here : http://www.solvallaloppis.se/tidernas/, 
  well if going with * historical * rivals , i 'd also add poland ( the plc ) and russia , as we fought a lot with them as well over regional power , power projection and such ... though obviously not as strong and lasting as with denmark . 
  living in uppsala , and i 've only ever seen a couple of sikhs at most . 
  do n't think anyone i know here would confuse them with muslims , and i certainly would not ... and not sure why anyone would think `` tourist '' over `` some random dude living here '' . 
  in the really small towns in s\u00f6dermanland where some of my relatives come from , however , some might confuse the two . 
  though i think it more likely they would just think of them as `` indians '' or something ? 
  we have a veterans day on may 29th , same as the international day of united nations peacekeepers . 
  alliansen created it back in 2011 ... had n't heard about it until yesterday myself , though . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/veterans_day_ ( sweden ), 
  some regions also have a subscription whose cost is based on your age and dental records . 
  as a 25 + year old non-smoker whose had a couple of holes but generally have very good teeth , i think i pay around 140sek a month or something like that . 
  covers all procedures and check-ups and such . 
  except aesthetic stuff ( like braces ) , iirc . 
  no idea , he did not specify past `` canada '' . 
  this belgian honey-flavored glory : https://www.ratebeer.com/beer/barbar/661/ not available in sweden though , so i mostly drink peroni ( like liquid buttery bread ) or hoegaarden .
