  it also does n't help that the party responsible for stopping several large housing projects , the green party , is currently in government and holding the `` housing and development '' minister post . 
  there is very little political willingness to add incentives for private building , but the government has talked about state-funded building if nothing happens ( which it wo n't , since nothing is changed ) . 
  meanwhile , building industry leaders are calling for less regulation , easier rules , etc since it is completely bogged down and takes * ages * in bureaucracy to do anything . 
  the housing minister post used to belong to mehmet kaplan , a turkish green party member whose entire contribution to the position was a bunch of classified `` study trips '' to turkey . 
  after he was kicked out due to his ties to islamic extremists and turkish fascist groups , the position was handed off to another green party member , and it feels like they 've avoided mentioning housing at all since . 
  obviously , it 's a longer standing issue ( since the 90s at least ) , but i do n't see it improving anytime soon , no matter which side wins the next election ... but * especially * with the current government . 
  some are nice , some are ... weird . 
  most of them get drunk quite a bit . 
  there are quite a few events for exchange students here to get social and meet new people . 
  the americans i 've spoken with tended to be rather liberal . 
  made sure to visit as many countries as possible while they were in europe , so often away during weekends . 
  where in europe are you going to ? 
  a street crime is any crime in a public place , and i 'm quite sure at least * some * of them are homicides . 
  the us has 3-10x higher rates of firearm-related deaths than any european countries except montenegro . 
  do you have any reliable sources for any other violent crime having a higher rate in europe than in the us ? 
  ones that can not be explained solely by statistics keeping and definitions being different from country to country , that is ? 
  the [ unodc data used on wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate#by_country ) shows the us had 3.9 homicides per 100k inhabitants in 2013 . 
  most countries in europe have below 1.5 , with only russia , ukraine , latvia , lithuania and albania being equal or higher than the us rate . 
  man , just wait till you hear swedish with a finnish accent . 
  `` if there 's sun , there 's sun '' - lots of swedish people the second temperatures go up a tiny bit in early spring . 
  * that * is also very cheap . 
  most of the cheaper places where i live take 200-250kr ... 
  i pay 300kr where i get mine cut . 
  we also have one of those hipster places here , dude i know said they charged him like 500kr for a trim . 
  that 's pretty cheap , at least ... well , compared to prices here at least . 
  4-5 of them maybe ... 
  i can name a former finnish president , `` tarja halonen '' , because her name sounds like `` tar jag hallonen '' ( `` i take the raspberries '' in swedish with bad grammar ) , which is fun to say in a stereotypical finnish accent . 
  ( also , conan o'brian did some bits on how similar they look ) . 
  how much of it can you understand if you * read it * though ? 
  i can understand the overarching meaning ( though not the fine details ) of dutch fairly well in text , i 've found . 
  i do n't think we have enough potatoes to shove down our throats for that . 
  `` honda fit '' was originally meant to be named `` honda fitta '' , but they changed it after the swedish honda office commented that `` fitta '' means `` pussy '' in swedish ... 
  it was released as honda jazz in europe and some other areas though . 
  you ca n't apply uk/french/german stuff on swedish politics . 
  it is a vastly different situation . 
  while it * is * true that the swedish democrats have taken quite a few votes from the left , the social democrats still dominate among the working class , as they have for the entirety of the 1900s . 
  many people move to the left party and feminist party ( far , far left ) rather than the nationalists . 
  the left wing `` anti-racist '' movement is another form of extremism , promising to uphold old swedish values , such as openness and multiculturalism ( which is done by attacking , insulting and/or threatening those who disagree with their leftist politics ) . 
  both this leftist movement and the nationalists dominate social media and comment sections to various degrees , while public tv/radio and the largest newspaper support the left wing . 
  as i said , it 's not moving to the right as much as fractioning ... the vast majority is moving towards the center . 
  15-20 % in each direction are becoming more extreme . 
  however the far-left * also * has the passive support of the larger left wing , while the right wing is constantly pressured to ( and does ) dissociate themselves from the far-right . 
   i think the right-wing alliance will form a collation government with the swedish democrats at the last minute , and out-vote them on key policies with support from the social democrats . 
  and i 'm telling you that is so extremely unlikely to happen that i 'll eat a sock if it does . 
  for that to happen anytime soon , the entire leadership of the right wing would have to change . 
  media would have to change . 
  voter base would have to change . 
  there is a * huge * stigma to working with the swedish democrats . 
  it 'd be more likely for the moderate party ( largest right wing party ) and social democrats ( largest left wing party ) to form a coalition together . 
   i do n't see the extreme-left gaining traction , simply because the main source of the movement to the right is : but they * are * , because sweden has a huge `` anti-racism '' faction that supports far-left politics and has a lot of support among the left wing , especially young people . 
  as i said , it seems most likely that the right-wing alliance will win the next election and possibly require some passive support from the swedish democrats . 
  working actively with them is most likely out of the question , however , as they would lose far too many voters that way . 
  it 's more likely that they cement important questions by working with the left block , mainly the green party ( if they remain in the riksdag ) and the social democrats . 
  * however * , the reason the right wing may win the next election is not because of some `` movement towards the right '' , but rather because the current government has fucked up so much . 
  both government parties have scandals upon scandals , with the social democrats being in a decline since before 2010 . 
  the swedish democrats reached around 18 % in the polls almost 1,5 years ago and have been at that level ( or lower ) since . 
  the left party ( former communists ) are gaining quite a bit , polling at way above their election results . 
  i would say that the swedish `` mainstream '' politics are generally moving towards the center rather than the right , while extreme parties on both sides gain as well . 
  hm ... well i can say there are a lot of * accusations * about the right being corrupted in that specific way here ( by the left ) , but there 's rarely any proof or such , so the sentiment/perception is mostly confined to the left and those who hate politicians in general . 
  meanwhile , corruption scandals are rather common within the left , so that perception is far more widespread , though the left wing themselves often brush it off as overblown and `` media witch hunts '' . 
  what exactly do you mean by `` right '' ? 
  any right or far-right ? 
  sweden currently has a left-wing government ( social democrats , green party ) supported by the left party . 
  the opposition `` alliance '' are four center-right and right-wing parties working together ( the center party , liberals , moderate party and christian democrats ) . 
  however , the third largest party is the nationalist sweden democrats . 
  many consider them to be far-right , though many others ( including themselves ) would argue that they do not quite fit the left-right division . 
  when the migrant crisis was at it 's worst and the government did nothing to deal with it , the nationalist party grew . 
  however , now that they * have * instituted stricter border controls and such , the growth has at the very least slowed down . 
  as it stands right now , i 'd say the `` alliance '' running the government with some indirect support from the nationalist party in some issues is the most realistic possibility for next election . 
  a lot of people are not happy with the current government , for various reasons . 
  the green party is barely holding itself above the 4 % riksdag requirement in most polls , after a long string of massive scandals . 
  however , that 's two years from now , so difficult to say . 
  the right in general , or the far right ? 
  would the cdu/csu be seen as corrupt while the spd not ? 
  it 's pretty much the opposite here in sweden , especially with the current government , the unions and mona sahlin ( social democrat , well known for her neverending cycle of leaving positions due to corruption and comebacks to higher positions 5-10 years later ) . 
  played rugby 2-3 times in school ... one of the times was in knee-deep snow . 
  really fun but among the most exhausting things i 've ever done , i think . 
  he 's american , maybe he has some insider knowledge about what trump 'll do now that he 's elected that we do not . 
  hmm ... 
  if you 're in a country where you drive on the right , the driver will be in the left seat ... thus it 'll be much more difficult to see a passing car on the right side than on the left . 
  at least that 's how i understand it ( based on what i 've heard/read ) , but i do n't drive myself so may be wrong . 
  googling `` overtaking on the right side '' gives you tons of videos and sites telling you how dangerous it is , though . 
  we allow that here in sweden ... one name change . 
  do n't think you can change it again once you 've done it once , though . 
  problem is they have basically no controls for it , so been several cases where people have had their names changed by * someone else * without even knowing it . 
  not sure if they 've changed that by now , though . 
  well , the justification for the parking areas was so women would have earmarked parking spots closer to the exit of the parking garage , or closer to the store . 
  this would supposedly lower the amount of rapes ... 
  however , i 'm pretty sure there 's no research showing that any unusual amount of such crimes take place in parking areas ( which often have security cameras ) , and with that justification you could say * young men * should have it closer since they are far more often victims of violent crime . 
  as for the prisons/military , it 's basically the swedish left wing politics taken 10 steps further too far . 
  our current left wing government ( since 2014 ) has what they call a `` feminist foreign policy '' , which has been a total disaster so far , in every way possible . 
  the social democrats that lost the election before them ( back in 2010 ) promised to demand that the us would scrap all nukes and shut down all bases on foreign soil ( even if the country it was in * wanted * them there ) . 
  mainly in london , british tourists in the us and british tourists in southern europe . 
  i always found it funny that there 's a stereotype that brits are so good at queuing ... in my * personal * experience , you guys are pretty much * the worst * when it comes to queuing . 
  i mean absolutely horrible , always trying to push past and unable to stand in a straight line . 
  which part of it ? 
  most of it is from their websites or other official documents . 
  the green party bit is from a couple of debate articles written by high ranking members . 
  yeah , really . 
  they 're like stereotypes .
