  not only that , but wallstr\u00f6m basically accused israel of indirectly causing the paris terror attacks , has said there 's a `` zionist conspiracy '' against her * and * wanted sweden to be the only western country to vote `` yes '' to a un resolution to remove recognition of jewish cultural and historical ties to the temple mount and wailing wall . 
  she 's an anti-semite that should 've been removed from the minister position long ago . 
  for this and for many other reasons . 
  at least she finally said * something * critical of the palestinians , after accusing israel of being the sole cause of basically every single problem in the area ( even more or less saying that they indirectly caused the paris terrorist attacks ) . 
  to be honest , at this point i do n't see how the ties with israel could get much worse , though she has surprised me in the past . 
  claiming there 's a zionist conspiracy out to get her and then trying to get sweden to be the only western country to vote yes ( the swedish vote was left blank in the end , as the opposition told her she could n't do that ) to that un resolution to seize recognition of jewish cultural and historical ties to the temple mount and wailing wall was probably the last straw . 
  is it a thing because swedes `` love it '' , or do swedes `` love it '' because they were raised in a nation where it is prevalent and somewhat expected ? 
  like in michigan , except they 're apparently just cancelling the recount there because the machines are broken ...  as officials began a full recount in the swing state , it emerged that faulty machines mean half of all votes cast in the city of detroit may be ineligible for recount . 
  a third of voting precincts in wayne county , that largest of michigan 's counties , could also be disqualified . 
   the problems were discovered after voting clerks were unable to match the number of votes cast on the machines with the number of people who had been registered at polling stations . 
  to be fair , a recount does n't show if someone cheated or not . 
  they should however do an audit for that . 
  also , recounts should * always * be done in states where the difference between the two candidates is below a certain level , to ensure maximum fairness , if you 're gon na have a system like they do in the us . 
  would it be alright to do it one more time ? 
  i think that the social democrats ruling for most of the 1900s has probably influenced this quite a bit as well , as they obviously tend to be more collective-minded than the right wing . 
  you can see this for example in how things are dealt with when something goes wrong in social services or healthcare . 
  `` we as a society have failed ... '' rather than `` this dude fucked up '' , with collective guilt over individual guilt . 
  was quite a bit of resistance to the alliance trying to introduce more laws for individual responsibility for 911 operators , social services workers , doctors , etc during their time 2008-2014 ) . 
  there 's also [ jantelagen ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/law_of_jante ) , which `` negatively portrays and criticises individual success and achievement as unworthy and inappropriate '' , and is a mentality that has had a profound impact on swedish society . 
  11 million fraudulent votes ( with no evidence ofc ) was the latest claim i saw , though that was just from some random dude online ... the amount seems to change depending on who you ask and over time ( trump himself has changed his mind at least once or twice about how many for example , i think ? ), 
  because her party and their voters refuse to admit that she 's an idiotic anti-semite who only uses her position as foreign minister to pad her resum\u00e9 . 
  same reason it took ages to kick out housing minister kaplan and environmental minister ( and vice prime minister ) romson . 
  straight up fucking denial until the pressure is too high ( and even then people kept claiming that kaplan was ok and that it was all racism because he 's turkish ) . 
  ah , so he 's a wiccat . 
  witches do tend to be quite accepting of cats though , i 've heard . 
   my cat will pray too . 
  is he ... ** cat ** holic ? 
  social democrat . 
  the green party ministers are generally even worse . 
  the sad part is that she seemed like a good , intelligent politician back when she was working in eu . 
  was a bit hopeful that she would be able to increase our influence a bit there as foreign minister , since she 'd have connections and all but ... first thing she does is distance herself from eu and go for the un security council bullshit that no one really wants except them . 
  she was going on pre-election about how she would increase the diplomatic efforts and do a much better job of bringing peace to the middle east than her predecessor ... she insulted saudi arabia during a visit there , since she has no diplomatic skills whatsoever , with another minister being sent for damage control ( with help from the king and royal contacts ) while she enjoyed the praise online for `` standing up to those barbarians '' and literally every single arab country condemned her . 
  of course , she followed that up by brownnosing even worse dictators and regimes , selling out our foreign policy , giving bizarre promises ( and breaking older promises ) and betraying our values so we could get that sweet spot on the un security council that no one really knows why the hell we spent so much time and money to get ( except for her resum\u00e9 i guess ) . 
  meanwhile , israel was pissed that our new government had recognized palestine and promised a ton of money ( with no follow-up to make sure the money was n't misused ) . 
  it 's * possible * these contacts could have been mended , if she had not followed it up by : - blaming every single problem in the conflict on israel ( for example , when an israeli police shot a palestinian man who attacked him with a knife after murdering several people , she blamed it solely on israel and said they were in the wrong for `` killing a man '' ) . 
  - essentially blamed israel for indirectly causing the paris terror attacks . 
  - whining about a zionist conspiracy when criticised and claiming they all hate her `` down there '' . 
  - tried to get sweden to be the only western country to vote for a un resolution to remove recognition of jewish cultural and historical ties to the temple mount and wailing wall ( until an opposition politician told her `` you ca n't fucking do that '' ) . 
  so yeah , somewhere around the middle of all that israel had enough and told her she was no longer allowed to enter . 
  meanwhile , she has often been excluded from meetings you 'd expect the foreign minister to be a part of and has n't visited any arab country since . 
  the last official visit to saudi arabia by a swedish minister was the prime minister ... when asked to raise the issue of women 's rights while there , he simply commented that `` women here face some of the same issues as women back home '' . 
  hrm . 
  our foreign minister already tried that . 
  now she 's not allowed to enter israel , and the government sends other ministers for any visits to arab countries to avoid having her piss them off again . 
  it 's mainly [ gotland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gotland ) there is a worry about , as it 's very important strategically in the baltic region ( also compare it 's location with that of kaliningrad , stockholm and baltic shipping routes ) . 
  it is currently being re-militarized after having no military presence for quite some time . 
  there is currently a national debate in sweden over the fact that gazprom ( russian state-owned gas company ) are trying to rent docks on gotland , while our military ( and several political parties ) are against it . 
  also [ great cavalry ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hakkapeliitta ) back in the day . 
  what 's wrong with [ food in tubes ] ( http://photos1.blogger.com/blogger/402/1185/1600/bild_05_1416_5.jpg ) ? 
  i 'm on my phone and the word just continues past the edge of my screen . 
  if you like chopin , you should watch the anime [ your lie in april ] ( https://myanimelist.net/anime/23273/shigatsu_wa_kimi_no_uso ) , it 's an absolute masterpiece about ( classical ) music , emotion and connecting with people , [ with plenty of chopin ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i0q7t_9vnne#t=29m50s ) . 
  nah , they 're an extreme the other direction . 
  there are problems , but they are largely contained and far , far from as bad as t_d claims . 
  because kicking her out would be admitting they did wrong , i guess . 
  also , i think her party sadly agrees with her stupid ideas . 
  i mean this is the government that tried to defend the housing minister while he was being criticised for repeatedly hanging out with islamic extremists , homophobes and violent facists . 
  if any of their politicians are heavily criticised , they accuse media of being a lynch mob , basically no matter what . 
  meanwhile , the right wing was forced to fire ministers for failing to pay their tv licence once 10 years earlier and stuff like that , back in 2008 . 
  ah yes , the `` executions '' . 
  she obviously had nothing to say about similar situations in other countries . 
  she * did * basically accuse israel of indirectly causing the paris attacks though . 
  vile woman , and sad ... before she got the minister post , when she worked in the eu , she actually seemed like a good , intelligent and rather moderate politician . 
  which bit ? 
  there 's been so many i 've lost count ... think the latest one was that she wanted us to be the only western country voting for that un resolution to remove recognition of jewish cultural and historical ties to the temple mount and wailing wall ... thankfully , a politician from another party told her that she ca n't fucking do that , so we just did n't vote instead . 
  yep , and while there has been * some * improvement it 's likely it 'll stay rather bad ... the idea seems to be that it 's better to ignore it and hope it goes away , or something . 
  also does n't help that our current government ( and the parties in it , social democrats like reepalu + green party ) does n't exactly have the best track record with that stuff ... 
  the housing minister ( along with a couple of others from the green party ) was forced to resign after criticism against his ties to islamic extremists and facists ( with a former green party leader blaming a jewish-kurdish conspiracy ) , while our social democratic foreign minister is anti-semitic and not even allowed to visit israel anymore . 
  still , the problems are mainly confined to malm\u00f6 and certain political groups , so it 's not like it 's all of sweden . 
  as the poll above shows , thankfully . 
  oh yes , it was really bad . 
  i should point out that the city has a very high muslim population , which is obviously influential in this . 
  malm\u00f6 was one of like 2-3 places in the entire world that the simon wiesenthal center recommended jews not to visit . 
  you had the local rabbi nearly run over in the street , jewish-owned stores vandalized , verbal abuse against jews was commonplace ... an entire class apparently stopped going to school after finding out their teacher was jewish , as their parents no longer allowed them to go . 
  ilmar reepalu , the social democratic mayor , responded by repeatedly denying anything bad was going on and essentially accusing media and the police of blowing it out of proportion , blaming the jews for not `` dissociating themselves with israel more '' , claiming that the nationalist party ( sweden democrats ) had `` infiltrated the jewish assembly to spread muslim hate '' ... his party refused to do anything other than lightly chide him when it got * too * much media attention . 
  in the end , the media attention led to a meeting between reepalu and representatives of the simon wiesenthal center , with reepalu saying it went well and the representatives being horrified by what they felt were insane conspiracy theories from his side . 
  reepalu responded by claiming there was a jewish conspiracy against him . 
  obama sent an emissary , hannah rosenthal , in 2012 which finally led to action taken against reepalu , who was replaced with someone else from the party . 
  googling it now i found out that obama sent another emissary last year , ira forman , though no idea what he said about the situation then . 
  also because of the shitty leadership for many years there by ilmar reepalu , which was for some reason tolerated by his party until obama sent that emissary to look into what the fuck was going on there ... 
  it 's easy for people to feel legitimized in their hate against jews when the mayor of your city is an anti-semite repeatedly denying the police/media reports , yelling `` jewish conspiracy '' when criticized and getting barely any flak from the party leaders for it . 
  hah during the last government sweden had the `` highest youth unemployment in europe '' ... of course , the opposition ( current gov ) `` forgot '' to mention that sweden was the only country counting * anyone * above 15 who was looking for work as unemployed , even if they were still in school and just trying to get some parttime/weekend gig . 
  also a ton of other statistical manipulation , fixing the numbers , throwing people under the bus to make things look good ... and * literally * one of the first things they did ( first week ) when they got in power again 2014 was to decide the government itself would be in charge of work statistics , rather than the census and statistics agency who were in charge of that earlier . 
  hrm . 
  we had something like that with our last government , though the point really * was * to try and get people on the market ( even though it was horribly ineffective and probably one of their worse ideas ) . 
  they also changed it so that people on long-term sick leave had to get regular checkups after a certain amount of years if the disease was not a permanent one , so they could get helped back to work once healthy . 
  of course , media and the opposition accused them of `` forcing sick people to work '' , citing a few cases where draconian misinterpretation of rules from the state insurance agency had fucked people over . 
  now that the social democrats are back in power , it seems we 're returning to the 80s-90s style of just giving early retirement to anyone that has any kind of long-term disease so we can say `` nope , not our problem anymore '' , shuffling people into a corner to better improve statistics while claiming it 's the moral high ground . 
  we had a self-appointed enlightened despot as king of sweden in the late 1700s ... he did some good stuff * and * some bad stuff , as such things tend to go . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gustav_iii_of_sweden really quite interesting time for sweden to read about , if you 're into history and such . 
  would n't really trust the numbers for sweden ... our current government does their traditional mix of putting people in `` activities '' to keep them busy , or throwing tons into early retirement so the numbers look better since they claimed we had the `` highest unemployment in europe '' during the last government ( because of manipulation of statistics , basically ) so they can claim to have improved things . 
  there is a full list of it 's fate each year on wikipedia : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/g%c3%a4vle_goat includes stuff like ddos attacks on survelliance webcams , bribed guards , an attempt to steal it with a helicopter , fire arrows , etc. 
  they look like dr seuss characters . 
  we had gustavus adolphus , `` the lion of the north '' , if that counts ? 
  sweden has second highest eu costs per capita , contributes greatly without getting much for it and has extremely low influence despite all that . 
  but sure , not having euro is `` special treatment '' . 
  my favorite is the viking kebab from my hometown ... a kebab pizza baked as a calzone , then cut open and sauces poured in , lettuce and tomato added . 
  also the viking special , where the lettuce and tomato is removed and it 's served with a large stack of fries . 
  they also have a greek viking that i have not tried , where they just jam an entire `` greek salad '' into it instead of just the lettuce/tomato . 
  if you live far enough north , you 'll [ barely see it at all for winter ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/polar_night ) !, 
  frostbite was actually a pretty nice vampire film based on vampires moving there specifically for that reason ... if you do n't mind a bit of cheesiness .
