  only sd and l wants to increase military spending significantly i think ... bj\u00f6rklund said that if alliansen gets to be government after next election , l will * demand * a large increase in spending . 
  we 've had radical left wing feminists trying to do that in stockholm amd malm\u00f6 pride as well ... though they * also * acted threateningly against right wing gays , so i think it was more political than strictly anti-cop maybe ? 
  well , it 's popular enough for them to care i guess ... 
  when an iranian-swedish moderate politician called out the left wing feminists ( mainly fi ) for not doing * anything * ( or even mentioning ) the horrible situation for women in syria right now , however , they called him `` tame ni **** '' and `` race traitor '' ( as usual ) and started going on about how things are `` almost as bad '' in stockholm . 
  bildt has also published a twitter post critizising politico for putting a misleading headline on his piece : https://twitter.com/carlbildt/status/760577740080836608, 
  yeah , they 're not the greatest in terms of writing ... ca n't find the ones i originally read about it , though ( and they were in swedish so would be little point in posting them here anyways i guess ) . 
  still , figured might contribute some understanding/interest . 
  who knows . 
  both vikings and spartans apparently spent a lot of time on hair care , combing and styling their hair ( and beards ) before battle . 
  a couple of related articles regarding swedish innovation : http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/gadgets-and-tech/features/stockholm-is-rivalling-silicon-valley-with-a-hotbed-of-technology-start-ups-9931876.html http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/newsbysector/mediatechnologyandtelecoms/11689464/how-sweden-became-the-startup-capital-of-europe.html, 
  the map is from the european commission , so i 'm pretty sure the numbers add up . 
  sadly , exact numbers for the baltics and a couple of other countries do not exist because you do n't have the same regional administration ... so ca n't really check what drags it down , but possibly the fact that it looks at your entire country as a whole , rather than at specific regions ? 
  not sure , but the kiruna mine , esrange space center and some universities and research stations are up there ... 
  checking the report the article is based on , the innovation there is mainly in : - tertiary education - public r&d - non-r & d innovation ( the highest possible measure apparently ) - smes ... `` small and medium-sized enterprises '' ? 
  well our current ( socialist/green ) government * did * try to shut them down indirectly . 
  they added rules , fees and taxes obviously designed to force nuclear plants into being too expensive to keep going . 
  that way , the green party would get their nuclear plant shutdowns while the government could say `` oh we did n't shut them down , they shut themselves '' . 
  just a month or so ago , however , it was changed and enough of those things were removed that the nuclear plant owners said they wo n't shut down and they have hope for the future . 
  regardless , they also said they wo n't build any new nuclear plants in the forseeable future at least . 
  from what i 've seen , there will absolutely be no new nuclear power stuff built in sweden and the change in policy was basically the absolute minimum to prevent them from being * forced * to shut down , basically . 
   in its actions in the 2008 georgian-russo war i remember about a week after that war , some reporter asked a russian company why they were still fighting ( in one of the larger towns there ) ... turns out , the entire company did n't have a single radio . 
  or apparently any other way of finding out the war was over . 
  should say something about the level of gear they have . 
  but they have * influence * now !, 
  / s basically , they have managed to use their `` power '' to influence the government against nuclear power , shut down a few important housing projects and stall the border control decisions until last second ( their leader actually cried at the press conference when they presented the new immigration restrictions ) . 
  that 's essentially it , though . 
  there 's a reason their voters and members are leaving quickly . 
  since two years ago , the green party here in sweden are currently in the government for the first time ever . 
  they have since had to betray all their core values , dropped from 7 % in the election to below the 4 % required to even be in the riksdag , switched one of their two party leaders , had the second one drop like a rock in the trust polls , had to fire multiple high-ranking people ( including a minister ) for ties to islamic extremism , all while having vast internal fights ... and that was all before last week , when they announced that they will betray their * most important * election promise - to shut down coal power - in exchange for the government spending 6 billion sek over the coming decade in buying and discarding carbon credits . 
  i would be surprised if they exist as a party * at all * after next election . 
  not as bad maybe , but still quite a few . 
  he 'd prolly get quite a few death threats . 
  islands are easier to defend and allies on the continent will just drag you into pointless continental wars , that 's what i 've learned from playing england in eu4 , 
  it 's not punishment , it 's the logical and obvious consequence of their actions . 
  they leave the eu , they lose the advantages of being an eu member . 
  simple . 
  they can get access to stuff like the eu market if they give something in return , though , like * every single other non-eu country * wanting access do . 
  there actually is a small movement with * some * fairly influential leaders and a few thousand signatures proposing that london leave england and become an independent city-state , pointing out they already have a higher gdp than singapore ... ofc it 'll never happen , but still kinda funny . 
   or invest more `` visibly '' ? 
  that 's a really big problem with politics and some companies in general ... you can do amazing stuff for your country or company , but the voters/execs have to * see * you do it , or it `` does n't count '' . 
  thus , from a popularity pov ( or if you want a promotion ) , it 's better to * seem * busy and hard working than actually accomplishing anything . 
  they also can not let britain leave and rejoin with no penalties , or they set a really bad precendent . 
  france has already said they wo n't accept britain rejoining just like that . 
  britain will have to convince them otherwise , while the eu will have to show the other countries that you ca n't just temporarily leave when it does n't suit you . 
  there would at the very least be some severe penalties , i would imagine . 
   or rejoining the eu . 
  you assume they would simply let you ? 
  the us-mexican border is approximately as long as the distance between moscow and venice , iirc . 
   and europe will not be destroyed - only western europe . 
  i hope none of your grandsons are executed for homosexuality . 
  well , they can just move to the us where no one wants to ... [ oh wait ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2015/mar/23/california-lawyer-shoot-the-gays-proposal-2016-ballot ) . 
  well , for the right wing ( opposition ) parties it was a gradual process over several months as they replaced their leaders and many high ranking members after the loss in the 2014 election . 
  for the left wing , it was basically a panic reaction that took place in less than a week after reports of refugees being forced to sleep on migration agency floors and in the streets . 
  complete with the vice prime minister crying as they presented their new politics . 
  many people supporting the government position in sweden taking a lot of immigrants in also support the idea that eu should support us more for doing it . 
  because the eu does n't , they reason it 's eu 's fault now that they have to face the realities of said politics . 
  i like the medieval stockholm museum , which is also located very centrally ( just next to the stockholm old town where the royal castle is ) . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/museum_of_medieval_stockholm in the old town there 's also the scifi bookstore which is pretty nice . 
   it 's good for the immigrants to get employed , but if they undercut the local workers , it 'll cause problems . 
  best way ( imo ) for the workers to fight this is to demand equal pay for the foreigners . 
  that 's not the problem with the work immigration , though . 
  since the unions are the ones deciding the rules for who gets to stay , they are demanding absolutely * ridiculous * minimum salaries and incredibly complicated rules that they change over time , sometimes without notifying the employer or employee . 
  we 've had multiple cases of work immigrants and their families getting deported after years here because they made `` too little '' money ( still above average ) for a short period of time . 
  at least one case had a worker deported for breaking a rule , despite it being his employer 's `` fault '' ( the employer had not been contacted by the union regarding a rule change , took full responsibility and offered to compensate the problem fully , but nope ) . 
  another case had a dude and his family deported because he had earned 100sek ( 10 euro ) below what the union wanted for 2-3 months a few years back , since he had been working slightly less so he could learn swedish . 
  latest one i saw was deported because he got his job via linkedin ( which has 400 million users ) and that was n't on the list for approved ways of getting jobs since it `` does n't reach enough people '' . 
  as for * refugee * immigrants , there 's a vast host of other problems obviously . 
  with the current government more or less refusing to work on better integration , i do n't see how it can get better . 
  the area i live in has a crapton of anarchist and communist graffiti that is extremely pro-immigration ( and threatens violence against `` capitalists '' and `` nationalists '' ) ... 
  i guess some schools of anarchism might be seen as liberal ? 
  hah  a collectivist left organization might be seriously negative to something like immigration . 
  yep , enough to look at the unions here to see some serious anti-work immigration at least . 
  work immigrants will probably just get forcibly deported after the union changes the rules or uses some technicality to get rid of them ( since the unions decide the rules used by the migration agency for work immigrants ) ... or they blockade the company that hired them , forcing them into bankruptcy . 
  considering the current government is borrowing large amounts of money , raising taxes , changing tax rules ( that have created * thousands * of tax-generating jobs/companies ) for ideological reasons and such ... starting to fear you 'll be right . 
  construction work in sweden is a decently high-paying job that requires knowledge of quite extensive rules and regulations ... 
  there 's the right wing calling for the creation ( by lifting/changing some rules ) of lower paying `` entry jobs '' for immigrants and youths , but the left wing ( who are in the government atm ) refuses , comparing it to apartheid . 
   personally i have never seen dn fall towards the left over right - they always felt center/right liberal . 
  in some things they are further left , sometimes right . 
  regarding the immigration , when it was hushed the most they were a large part of it , but they * were * also among the first to admit there was a problem . 
  i would also point out that the political ideology of the paper is only part of it . 
  the journalists and editors working there will not always follow these 100 % . 
   open a mcdonalds within 6.3 miles and have any locals within 3 miles only speak english that a swedish mile ( 10 kilometers ) or those weird us miles that are like ... uh ... 1,6 kilometers ? 
  not sure i found the right data there . 
  nah , when immigrant families started having to sleep on the migration agency lobby and office floors , our government finally turned around and threw in some of the strictest controls in europe ( with no analysis , so kinda fucked the economy a bit in the southern regions where a lot of people shuttle between denmark and sweden for work and such ) . 
  the right wing wants us to start having apprenticeship jobs and a larger amount of lower paying `` starter jobs '' for immigrants and young people to get into the job market , but the left wing refuses and compares that to apartheid . 
  well , checking the main ones ... sr/svt = supposed to be neutral since it 's state-funded , but around 80 % of those working there are left wing according to anonymous polls and sometimes they run straight up propaganda while defending it as `` satire '' or similar . 
  aftonbladet = aggressively left wing , partially controlled by the unions . 
  both owned by bonnier newspapers . 
  both seem to vary between vaguely liberal and somewhat left wing , though , so i 'd say socialist-liberal . 
  svd = `` independent moderate '' . 
  the only one of the big four i 'd say is further right wing than left . 
  yeah , and our current government is continuing the proud social democratic tradition of shuffling as many people as possible into those programs to improve said numbers ... 
  it should be noted , however , that sweden * sometimes * appears to have higher * youth * unemployment than we truly do , as those who are still in school but applying for part time jobs are sometimes counted in the statistics ( unlike in most other countries ) . 
   edit : i was wrong , sweden will apparently borrow the money to accomplish this . 
  i 'm sure this solves everything . 
  yep , we already are borrowing large amounts ... and raising dozens of taxes . 
  all while the government is blaming the former government for causing the problems by `` ruining the economy '' despite all statistics showing the opposite . 
  yay . 
  the main problem with the housing crisis is that we have ridiculously complicated and strict rules regarding where/how/what you can build . 
  it 's not helped by the fact that one of the government parties is * the * most anti-construction party in sweden .
