  well , in general we have very high standards for ministers , and she actually lasted a surprising amount of time considering the stuff she did . 
  this came during a time of high political activity and her being very unpopular , so media picked up on it more . 
  just to take some examples of other stuff she 's done as green party co-leader and minister of environment : - had taxpayers pay for expensive dinner . 
  - used illegal toxic paint to paint her boat . 
  - dumped polluted water into the lake , illegally . 
  - repeatedly lied about the above . 
  - cheated on her taxes ( environment-related ones for that specific boat ) . 
  - hired people for high government positions with no background checks ( one of them had been arrested for drug smuggling , for example ) . 
  - called 9/11 an `` accident '' and later said she meant she felt sorry for the muslims affected by it . 
  - complained about how the paris terrorist attacks might cause the climate meet to be cancelled or delayed ... on the day of the attacks . 
  also several other things . 
  it really does n't help that her party also had major issues not related to her specifically at the time . 
  as mentioned , she was n't kicked out until they needed a scapegoat for the kaplan scandal ( the housing minister who spent time with islamists and facists ) . 
  well , first she compared the refugee boats sinking on the mediterranean to auschwitz ... `` we europeans are turning the mediterranean into a new auschwitz '' , to quote . 
  during her apology for that remark , she used the `` gypsy '' word a couple of times and later issued an apology regarding that when criticized for it by some romani groups . 
  couple of months later she was on a humor show , gave the wrong location for auschwitz when talking about it , claimed it was a joke ( though her press secretary later said she misspoke and it was * not * a joke , when people criticized that ) . 
  overall , her entire time as minister was just an utter chaos of scandals and dumb statements , so after a while she was below 5 % approval ratings , with everything she did wrong being picked up ... finally her party forced her to retire as a scapegoat for a scandal she was * not * involved in , to save the more popular leader . 
  based on what i 've seen here on reddit , it kinda depends on the country . 
  many do n't really care , especially in the east/south i think ? 
  here in sweden the equivalent is `` zigenare '' , which is considered offensive ... for example , when our minister of environment apologized for an offensive remark about about auschwitz , she used that specific word and was forced to give a second public apology regarding that as well . 
  probably markus persson ( notch ) as well , when it comes to game-related stuff . 
  jan-ove waldner is a legend over in china , so i 'd add him as well . 
  ingmar bergman , the various skarsg\u00e5rds , noomi rapace , max von sydow , peter stormare , lena olin , dolph lundgren , greta garbo ? 
  astrid lindgren , of course ... perhaps also ingvar kamprad ? 
  swedish house mafia , avicii , roxette , ace of base , europe ? 
  they suffer horribly for 25 episodes ? 
  interjects random japanese when they 're speaking ... wear anime/manga-themed shirts ... xxxxl ... neckbeard maybe ... wo n't talk about anything else ... that sort of thing . 
  i ca n't remember meeting anyone like that , no . 
  seen some in newspaper reporting from cons only . 
  depends on the group , i guess . 
  have n't really noticed any stigma except from 50 + year olds maybe ... quite certain that some groups back in my teens would 've seen it as something terrible , especially the self-proclaimed `` cool girl '' gangs . 
  the people i 've met at gymnasium , university and after would probably never judge someone for it though , and i know quite a few who are into anime/manga . 
  obviously , that applies to people who are n't over-the-top weeabo stereotypes or something . 
  i 'm talking about normal people enjoying it like any normal hobby . 
  nah man , 50 zeppelins held together in a massive ring , anti-air and anti-missile defenses on the outside !, 
  a flying castle , with one zeppelin per eu country and the rest for close allies like norway , eu offices and such . 
  also , the middle of the ring can hold solar panels to provide electricity for it all , making it somewhat environmental friendly . 
  or some kind of death ray that harnesses the sun . 
  y' know , whatever we 'd feel like . 
  sure , but the problem is that it 's often used the wrong way to justify attacking people . 
  to take some actual examples i 've seen myself : - guy teaching his 7-8 year old daughter about cultures by playing dressup ( in a very respectful way ) . 
  was insulted and called a `` terrible father '' for it . 
  - tanning salon owner in sweden getting actual death threats ( mainly from abroad , from what i understand ) . 
  - guy asking woman with `` name '' - necklace to `` kill yourself '' because it 's `` a hood thing '' . 
  - listening to music by black people is cultural appropriation and worth insulting ( seen this several times ) . 
  what , like a female version of the twins in the matrix ? 
  let 's see ... olw currently have some `` autumn chips '' types ... - mushroom , garlic and tarragon - cream cheese , parslay and horseradish ... and `` summery chips '' types , like `` creme fraishe , chives and cucumber '' . 
  `` creamy taco '' has already been mentioned , though there 's also `` creamy bearnaise '' . 
  what ? 
  vickningschips are great , and nice for a bit of vickning . 
  i would prefer to keep eu strictly european countries ... perhaps there could be some kind of special semi-membership status for non-european countries that fulfil strict requirements , but that 's a future concern and there are more pressing matters . 
  yep , except the text in ubisoft games which is always in ( really badly translated ) swedish and seems impossible to change into english . 
  when we were kids , several of my friends insisted on the head side being `` krona '' because it 's `` the front '' . 
  my protests that `` the other side * literally * has a crown '' were met with `` no but that 's the back , so it 's klave '' . 
  not to be `` that guy '' , but i 'd say that stuff varies greatly from time to time here , and drunk driving is something that is seen as rather serious . 
  on the low end of the spectrum we 've had her resignation , a couple of ministers in 2008 who resigned because they had cheated on their taxes or not paid the tv licence fee several years before they got the position , etc. 
  however , on the other end we have people like \u00c5sa romson , who was the environmental minister and green party co-leader : - used illegal toxic paint on her large boat , then lied about it in media . 
  - hired people for the government offices with no background check . 
  - made several offensive statements regarding auschwitz . 
  - cheated on her energy taxes . 
  - used tax money for an expensive dinner . 
  - complained about how the paris terrorist attacks might cause the climate meet to be cancelled or `` more difficult '' ... within 24 hours after it happened . 
  - called 9/11 an `` accident '' . 
  - several other things . 
  despite that , she did not resign until her party decided to `` sacrifice '' her in another scandal she was not really involved in ( as she had a below 5 % approval rating and the guy who * was * involved was more popular ) . 
  she was back on a high-ranking post within the month . 
  also mona sahlin , who seems to have made it a hobby of getting involved in tons of scandals , refusing to resign until she 's forced to , then making a comeback 5-10 years later with a new well-paying government job . 
  this one might 've been the last though , as i 'm not sure she 'll get out of getting convicted this time . 
  swedish empire 2.0 , you say ? 
  dota2 , minecraft and eu4 mostly ... thinking of playing through the mass effect trilogy again before andromeda comes out . 
  that 's actually an interesting story ... when he asked napoleon for permission to go to sweden , napoleon told him to swear an oath that he would never act against france . 
  bernadotte replied that he could absolutely not swear such a thing , as his honor demanded he do what 's best for his new country and people , not those he would no longer have allegiance to . 
  napoleon hesitated a bit , then finally accepted and gave bernadotte his blessing . 
  ~ ~ and then napoleon occupied our german holdings because he was afraid we might use them to land troops there and attack his rear when he marched on russia ~ ~, 
  i 'd say most people know very little about him and soviet . 
  he 's mostly seen as just `` one of the allied leaders who helped fight hitler '' . 
  some groups on the left wing likes him . 
   the murder of prime minister olof palme ( socialdemokraterna ) in 1986 was supposedly been done by right wing oriented swedish police or literally anyone or any group , basically . 
  i mean the wiki alone lists like 10 different theories , and there 's a new one every 1-2 years whenever the newspapers wan na get more clicks or leif gw persson feels a bit left out . 
  that does n't prevent people from visiting the us and trying some sweets while there , does it ? 
  also , some countries ( here in sweden for example ) have some available . 
  most of it is rather expensive compared to the european stuff though , so not really worth it ( but apparently selling well enough for them to keep offering it ) . 
  `` hey , this guy is trying to learn about something !, 
  let 's mock him for not already knowing it ! '', 
  well there is that documentary crew who are 100 % sure hitler is alive and living in south america ( based on such compelling evidence as swastica graffiti on some wall , because ofc that 's how he 'd spent his 120s ) ... guess whoever wants payback for ww2 can just support that project , and if they find him they can make him work to pay it off , 
  actually , i often see the same people calling european spanish-speakers white and american spanish-speakers non-white . 
  like the hurricane matthew warnings , which were ignored by a lot of people in florida ... even saw a couple of interviews with people who were convinced that the government said it was worse than it was for some ill-defined sinister purpose . 
  it 's worth pointing out that the state 's costs for the monarchy between different countries are vastly different as well . 
  45 million euro for the uk and 13 million euro for sweden ( annually , 2016 ) according to [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/monarchies_in_europe#costs ) , for example . 
  not sure what exactly that includes in each ? 
  it links to a dutch site with a paywall as source , so ca n't check if for example castle/mansion repairs ( which at least in sweden are then open to the public and tourists ) are included for all countries . 
  meanwhile in sweden , half the school/education debate is basically `` what are finland doing better ? '', 
  ( while the other half is arguing over which year you should start getting grades in ) . 
  why ? 
  `` just because '' ? 
  what of people who are unable to for various reasons ? 
  you already have [ some of the highest healthcare costs * in the world * ] ( http://www.pbs.org/newshour/rundown/health-costs-how-the-us-compares-with-other-countries/ ) while bankrupting people for getting sick or wounded , it 's not like you ca n't afford it by remaking the system . 
  to be fair , those gradings are pretty useless when the people grading it has nothing to compare it with , are n't they ? 
  i do agree that there are massive problems with swedish healthcare though , and can say from experience that quality differs * extremely * much from region to region . 
  as for waiting times , that has been a problem for at least 15-20 years and no one seems able to fix it .
