  * that 's perfectly sensible given the political situation . 
  * you 're presupposing they 're wrong . 
  i believe they are right that the trojka the eu is part of is forcing austerity measures on greece that are and will be hurting everything that 's left of the greek economy . 
  * again , i 'd say that pretty sensible in this situation . 
  you seem to suppose some sort of benevolent role of the eu , and your arguments are based on that . 
  i strongly disagree . 
  the eu has consistently shown to not give a flying toss about the greeks and syriza 's hostility is in my opinion simply justified . 
  syriza could have handled it better , but they still handled it much better than their predecessors and it is n't them that are destroying greece . 
  what , seriously ? 
  are you pretending that syriza are to blame for the financial crisis or that pasok/earlier governments are far left ? 
  both are lies , obvious , slightly insulting lies . 
  earlier governments fucked up by lying on their budgets and being incompetent . 
  the eu fucked up by not noticing , failing to do anything to help the greek economy and is now trying to shift the blame on the greek people . 
  the imf is doing exactly what it set out to do with its typical ` let everything unprofitable starve to death ' brand of ` help ' , though of course no one with anything even remotely resembling a conscience is involved with the fucking imf . 
  what you 're forgetting , or pretending to forget , is that syriza inherited the country while it was in absolute shit and is forced to deal with an alliance of utterly heartless bureaucrats that are trying to shift the blame for their own failures . 
  i assume a lot of people try and nobody notices . 
  i still completely disagree on that , but i should apologise . 
  i was in a really , really shitty mood this morning and the moaning on about heartlessness was n't nessesary . 
  so , yeah , sorry about that . 
  i might as well have said `` persecuted '' . 
  the point was that the complete lack of interest in the situation of refugees in this debate on refugees displays a stunning lack of any conscience . 
  in the comment i replied to the wellbeing , or even just being , of the refugees played no part in the equation whatsoever, 
  it 's not the solution , but it 's not the problem either . 
  your claim that not accepting refugees would magically be a solution is baseless . 
  there is no trolley problem, 
  i do n't define the problem as starvation , that 's horseshit . 
  i don, 
  the point is , the death of those 10000 does n't add to the living of the 10 million . 
  you do n't care about the 10000 because you do n't care about the 10000 . 
  i did n't say anything about all czechs , it 's just you that 's heartless . 
   we cant sacrifice long term goals for temporary good of those people . 
  you can , you do n't want to , because you do n't give a fuck about the temporary good ( their lives and basic human dignity , that is ) of lesser people like that . 
   europe does not exist to save africa africa might not have needed saving if it was n't carved up and ruthlessly exploited by europeans . 
  no it does n't , do n't lie . 
   more refugees we accept , more refugees will come . 
  less refugees you accept , more refugees will starve to fucking death , but that 's of course completely unimportant and should not be taken into the equasion at all . 
  that 's completely up to where the government puts them . 
  seriously , where did you make up that completely silly definition and why ? 
   there are very good reasons why people in europe are getting tired of muslim immigrants . 
  yes , the consistent barrage of lies and propaganda from the anti-immigration right . 
  what actually happens : a : ok , let 's discuss about immigration . 
  b : we dont want illegal immigrants/refugees in our neighborhood a : but why ? 
  b : because they all steal , rape , destroy public and private property and are generally incapable of understanding our modern way of life , just have a look at these statistics form muslimzionists.blogspot.davidickeisactuallyjesus.com . 
  a : those are n't real statistics . 
  b are you calling me racist ? 
  why wo n't you have a proper discussion on immigration ? 
  so , we could , but we did n't because we could n't ? 
   because it would be dutch troops that first invaded . 
  well , no . 
  not if we were allowed in by ukraine , considering that it was very definitely legally ukrainian territory . 
  even russia was not denying that it was an internal ukrainian conflict , at least at that point . 
  why did you think it was a good idea to argue over how difficult running the eu is if you have n't a clue what the eu actually does . 
  wait , why is putin punching roger moore ? 
   even higher then higher well , not actually higher , just with those two languages extra . 
  meh , i 'd say frisian and most nethersaxon dialects are n't that mutually understandable . 
  no , it 's horseshit . 
  i 'd say the existence of the russian military is pretty much considered fact , a bit more than just highly probable . 
  do you genuinely value the lives if you countrymen over foreigners ? 
  if not , you 're simply not a nationalist . 
  calling appreciating your culture nationalism is like saying `` i 'm a nazi because i like custard '' , you 're wrongly using the term for something horrible for something harmless , thereby making it seem like something utterly revolting is actually quite innocent . 
  that 's quite simply not nationalism . 
  there is simply nothing nationalist about what you 've just described . 
   nationalism as well as unionism seriously , why would you advocate nationalism ? 
  it 's the incredibly narcissistic belief in the inherent superiority of your people or culture over others for no reason other than that you were born there . 
  the notion that some people are worth more than other simply because of which side of a border they 're born is has caused immense suffering and should be allowed to die . 
  you should n't advocate nationalism , you should be deeply , deeply ashamed of it . 
  how many europeans are fleeing italy to africa to escape the brutal exploitation of their country and people by african companies ? 
  oh wait , that 's not happening . 
  look at nigeria , for example , `` higher '' european culture supports letting an entire country be raped by an oil company just so people have to pay a cent less at the pump . 
  european culture breeds extremely lazy , entitled scum , which is not surprising , since european culture of the last few centuries has consisted of sitting on your fat arse letting foreigners do all the work . 
  modern european culture is for a large part defined by extreme lazyness and letting the rest of world do al the work for us in abhorrent conditions , just look at the extreme , blind sense of entitlement on this forum . 
  the culture you 're calling `` higher '' is a culture based on the notion that human rights and freedom are very important , for the right people , but that it 's perfectly all right with torturing bangladeshi to death for a cheap t-shirt . 
  your higher culture is not less ok with suffering , it is perfectly all right with extreme suffering as long as it happens to other people . 
   higher culture my god , making yourself look stupid with dim 19th century superstitions right there . 
  hegel is dead and you are a moron . 
  i mean , just ask yourself . 
  how could someone as stupid as you possibly come from a higher culture ? 
   all of the so called `` dictators '' were , well , supported and kept in power by the us and eu , making the whole issue rather silly . 
  `` they 're coming over here , after we raped their country and forced a dictator that served our short-term interests on them '' is a ) quite a ridiculous thing to complain about and b ) the situation actually at hand . 
  why does nobody have the balls to take any sort of responsibility ? 
  with you being the perfect example of the ball-less , lazy , entitled coward that 's the problem . 
  they are refugees , refugees is what you get when you rape the entire middle east , repeatedly , for decades . 
  which is , as you know , what those leaders have done . 
  why does nobody have the balls to say : `` do n't want refugees ? 
  should have stayed out of the fucking middle east then '', 
   `` raw fermented herring , a dry cheese sandwich and a glass of milk '' hey !, 
  we butter the sandwich !, 
  how many spanish towns do you think have `` saint '' in their name ? 
  i 'm sorry , i have n't slept very well and i apparantly missed that the  you 're a typical under-informed bolshevik supporter . 
  educate yourself . 
  comment was obviously ironic , so my remark about your dimness was unnecessary . 
   he was n't just inspiration . 
  well , no , he was an influential figure in the fall of the iron curtain , not the most influential , not by a long shot , but quite influential . 
   you 're a typical under-informed bolshevik supporter . 
  educate yourself . 
  my god , you 're not dishonest , you 're just actually that dim . 
   on the contrary . 
  if you import these countries you become like them . 
  as demonstrated by the reliable source of your arse , where you pulled it from . 
  if we imported 1800000 km \u00b2 of desert , we would become a bit more like libya , yes , but nobody is proposing that .
