  if you deliberately conflate homosexuality and mental illness , you are quite simply a bad person , because that is just nasty . 
  yes , and there is something that is called `` context '' . 
  this context made it clear that according to you , being a morally broken , homophobic bigot = sane , and being a decent human being = insane . 
  the part where you claimed that not being a nasty , homophobic bigot is madness ? 
   there 's no need to be prejudiced and rude that is well said . 
  however , it applies to you a whole lot more than to me . 
  you could also try being honest . 
  absolutely no one over twelve is actually dim enough to believe a lie that moronically stupid . 
  you managed to spell several words correctly and are therefore clearly not stupid enough to believe your own lie . 
  you could also try being honest . 
  absolutely no one over twelve is actually dim enough to believe a lie that moronically stupid . 
  you managed to spell several words correctly and are therefore clearly not stupid enough to believe your own lie . 
  bastion of morally broken , hateful bigots amidst european decency is a more reasonable summary of the map . 
  you are both nasty and dishonest . 
   marriage is a religious contract . 
  yes , that is a lie bigots often spout . 
  `` do you have a functioning conscience '' the map . 
   like raising your kids to be pro-gay , anti-racist etc. ? 
  that is called `` raising your child to be a decent human being '' and is not really very much comparable . 
  and only very few people feel the need to derive pride from those people . 
  the same should be applied to rome . 
  yes , that is a good reason not to be proud of them . 
  actually , for most of roman history , only inhabitants of rome could be citisens . 
  to them , the rest of the italian peninsula were as much filthy barbarian non-citicens as the rest of their empire . 
  theoretically , maybe , but the gigantic majority was far to busy working themselves to death in absolutely brutal conditions in gigantic factory farms and mine pits . 
  when people talk about roman slavery , they 're generally thinking of the tiny minority of `` house slaves '' that theoretically had some rights and could occasionally even work their way up to freedom , conveniently forgetting that the vast majority of roman slaves were farm slaves that had absolutely no rights or hope for freedom , they were treated literally as animals . 
  good reason not to grow an empire then . 
  it is n't mandatory . 
  why do you feel proud of your ancestors that have fought for freedom without being ashamed of your very many ancestors that were rapists ? 
  that seems very hypocritical . 
  you have the exact same relation to them, 
  and they still work not nearly as hard for the weatlh of america as bangladeshi do . 
  yes , the uk has really , really done their best to sabotage the eu . 
  that is hard to deny . 
  the eu is better off without you lot , that much is obvious . 
  there are serious concerns about the effectiveness of the eu , and the eu needs to adress that . 
  the uk has always been the biggest road block towards that and the eu has a much better chance of fulfilling its potential without the poisonous leaches on the british isles ( excluding ireland , of course , they are politically much more mature ) . 
  and ? 
  we are currently facing a massive swell of neo-nazi thought exclusively grounded in completely made up nonsense . 
  clamping down on the verifiable propaganda lies that are currently poisoning the debate is not an attack on free speech . 
  it is an attack on the fucking nazis that are currently our greatest threath and , seriously , fuck them . 
  the only thing that lead to brexit was blind british selfishness . 
  they profited massively ftom the eu , they just did not want to contribute anything in exchange . 
  it was silly , especially for the uk , since they have always been the biggest road block against a smoothly functioning and democratic eu . 
  they were always the biggest opponents of devolving power to the directly elected ep , rather than the council , they have endlessly moaned for an underserved rebate , they have sabotaged the eu more than any other member nation . 
  we should ( and i am ) glad to be rid of them . 
  the uk has always been the eu equivalent of the gop , always poisoning the well and then endlessly moaning about it not working as intended . 
  we should be glad about brexit , now that the toddlers are gone we might actually get shit done . 
  neither did we , luckily , that 's just those silly south-dutch . 
  as a groninger , fully agree , twents is much better . 
  you can properly understand them , at least . 
  yes , yes , you 've already comfirmed that you are a bit nutty . 
  well , i think that 's a yes . 
   wonder what would happen to me if i marched down to mexico with 12 million + americans and started rioting in the streets burning mexican flags demanding healthcare , education k-college , housing , vote , citizenship , etc. 
  say , do you happen to live in a paralell fantasy world ? 
  yeah , the whole affair is a bit schrecklich . 
  as a groninger i 'd be happy with sealand ? 
  tbh , i prefer the direct bus line . 
  it 'll happen when easter and pentacost fall on the same day . 
  fun , it 's the same in dutch, 
   wait , what ? 
  random russian civilians operating a buk ? 
  that 's the whole point . 
  it is silly to feel less sympathetic to random russian civilians because of that since it was very definitely not random russian civilians operating that buk . 
  you 're saying dutch people should blame random russians for that attack and that is just silly . 
  because so many random russian civilians had a part in that ? 
  you are a child , you . 
  huh ? 
  how does that make sense ? 
  yes , but they are not as jewish and therefore not as scary . 
  but why ? 
  that is nonsensical . 
   if you would look at what the most fundamentalist sunni groups that 's really my point , you 're looking at the most fundamentalist groups within one denomination . 
  if most hard-line catholics agreed on something , than that still would n't be `` full fundamental christianity '' , because even if they spoke for all catholics , they 'd still only speak for catholics . 
  ... you just called sinn fein the political wing of the ira , but neglected to mention the connections dup has to paramilitaries . 
  literally the opposite . 
  he said that the only thing worse than molesting children is homosexuality and sodomy , because he is a vile , worthless piece of shit . 
  also , they 're a bunch of terrorists . 
  meh , depends on denomination . 
  `` full fundamental islam '' is not really a thing , just like `` full fundamental christianity '' is n't , since it means completely different things to all the different denominations . 
  `` sharia '' just means `` law '' and it is not at all a singular thing . 
  it means completely different things to all the endless different sects and denominations of islam . 
  huh ? 
  mate , we introduced tea to you lot . 
   ftt is totally different to vat . 
  not really , they are similar taxes affecting different products . 
   businesses of the size liable to be hit by an ftt , pay no vat on things they buy or sell to and from other vat registered businesses . 
  ftt in the proposed form does n't work like this . 
  i 'm sorry , but this is just nonsensical , incoherent blabbering , unrelated to anything preceding it . 
  you are not making a point at all . 
  now i ca n't tell if you 're trolling , because it was completely obvious what was meant . 
  are you trolling ? 
  common misconception , that . 
  we were n't liberated by anyone . 
  we just threw clogs at the germans until they could n't be bothered anymore and left . 
  fuck off , child . 
  there is no nato debt , it does n't exist . 
  the whole concept is a fiction produced by the pathetic , childish imagination of dimwit donnie trump, 
  that is utter rubbish . 
  fun fact : ann widdecombe is pronounced as ann waddycoombe in parts of scotland , and as ann wickham in parts of wickham .
