  can i ask what kind of dutch music you listen to ? 
  i might even be able to make so recommendations . 
  the point , dutch being a dialect of german is bullshit , still stands . 
  it is a very annoying andm in my opinion , rather ugly language . 
  why the hell would you only pronounce like 1/4 of the letters you write down ? 
   obscure dutch-like dialect ( dutch being already a german dialect ) and you end speaking in english ( even if they do speak french ) . 
  firstly , this is linguistically complete bollocks . 
  dutch and german are both derived from the same germanic languages , but are both complete languages and not dialects of eachother . 
  that 's just completely untrue and , frankly , a bit stupid . 
  also : i 've never approached a flemish person that responded in a local dialect . 
  in my experience wallons are far , far more stubborn with the flemish than the other way around , certainly when it comes . 
  they seem very arrogant with regards to the language issue , demanding that french should be the primary government language , despite them being the minority , for example . 
  the netherlands : some romanians stole some stuff , not much else . 
  i do n't think it 's used internationally . 
  i was more referring to the term ` haircut ' . 
  i 've never heard that been used in such a manner before . 
   haircut on unsecured deposits in boc wait , what ? 
   roy keane yeah , no . 
  we 're going to back off . 
  that 's a bit out of our league . 
  it 's the right translation , though it does n't really have the same offensive ring to it . 
  is that used in german ? 
  oh wow , i never realised just how badly `` kankerhoer '' translates . 
  about time i could speak my mind about that bleedin ' frog bastard . 
  the vast majority of the dutch speaking majority also speaks french , while the reverse ca n't really be said . 
  every flemish person i 've met spoke french , every wallonian i 've met ( admittedly not very many ) spoke very little to no dutch ( or refused to do so ) , even though dutch is both demographically and economically ( and i 'd argue culturally ) by far the country 's most important language . 
  it 's anecdotal , i know , but i do believe it 's indicative of a broader attitude . 
  i think the gap might also be caused by the south continually behaving like a spoilt child , refusing to speak the majority language of the country , demanding financial aid . 
  in my experience the language barrier issue seems to be pretty much completely caused by the french speaking part of belgium . 
  and the dutch revolt and the 80 year war ( if that 's what it 's called over there too ) ? 
  firstly , hollande is in no way socialist . 
  his party is called the socialist party but it is , nowadays , centre-left at the most . 
  secondly , you 're behaving like a demagogue . 
  you 're doing it still by calling calling hollande 's party a bunch of thugs . 
  this makes it clear that your account of the facts is absolutely not balanced or neutral . 
  it is therefore obvious that your describtion should be taken with a mountainload of salt , certainly as you have n't provided any sources . 
  is n't there a saying that if you ca n't make a point without insulting your opponents , then your point probably is n't worth making ? 
   now french commies grant them asylum !, 
  yep , now i ca n't take you seriously anymore . 
  well done . 
  you win a kaasschaaf . 
  that attitude does n't suit your username . 
  most weeks are rather boring around here . 
  it happened weeks ago , but policians are now starting to get involved and having opinions and those sort of things . 
  ** the netherlands ** * some teenagers stole some high school exams and some politicians are somehow trying to connect it to islam . 
  * it rained quite a lot . 
  english , and subtitled in the netherlands , except for children 's movies . 
  i 'm glad about it too , because overdubbing is pretty much artistic rape , in my opinion . 
  so , like western europe 300 years ago ? 
  you can not easily take the quran 's final message as `` be muhammed-like '' , because it is n't . 
  it is a big difference between the two that christianity ( generally ) believes that jesus is the son of god , divine and infallible , while islam ( generally ) believes muhammed to be `` simply '' a messenger of god , just like , for example , mozes or noah . 
  the beliefs and interpretation of that holy book of the practitioners . 
  that it is not in itself enough to claim that a religion is inherently bad , as you were . 
   it is . 
  the interpetations may not be , but it 's not like the quran offers a view of life that is coherent with the modern world . 
  the same can absolutely be said about the bible and thora . 
   but it 's almost always possible to cut unemployment by reducing welfare and abolishing the minimum wage do you have any source on that ? 
  is it actually shit ? 
  we have enough history of immigration of muslim communities to certain european countries to know for a fact that the actual threat of islamic terrorism is minute , nowhere near comparible to the risks of , say , jeans or hallibut . 
  simply put , there have been many more examples of right-wing terrorism than islamic terrorism recently , and certainly more succesful ones , in europe . 
  edit : possibly not halibut , but definitely jeans . 
   you 'd be gutted if you 'd lead a healthy life , always driven safely and got hit by a terrorist attack though ... well , yes , but only in a very literal sense . 
   at least we do what we can to minimize traffic issues and cancer . 
  no , we do n't , we 're far to busy squandering massive amounts of time and resources on an absolutely tiny threat . 
  focusing on actual big dangers in stead of fearmongering about terrorism would save lives . 
  on the other hand the right-wing terrorists that committed arson attacks against those immigrant communities are very local , so we know by experience that terrorists will be bred out of `` native '' ( which in europe tends to be slightly less recent immigrants anyway ) communities just as much . 
  why would the fact that most european countries have a larger welfare system than the us necessarily mean that they do n't contribute more than they cost ? 
  well , what generally happens is that big breweries sign sponsorship contracts with pubs etc. 
  where the pubs get discounts , free shit ( glass , taps ) and a bag of money in exchange for only serving beers owned by that brewer . 
  this makes it unprofitable to serve others , though large brewers often own lots of others . 
   neutral , critical view of the situation ? 
  that 's the most arrogant way you could possibly have described your position . 
  it is also quite funny . 
   you believe in your country 's founding principles and values countries in general do n't have those , though . 
  that 's sort of the point . 
  patriotism is the pretense that there is something inherently unique about your country while in actual fact borders are generally simply the result of political circumstance . 
  what country you live in is more often the result of a minor war 300 years ago than because of values or principles . 
  belgium exists because the british wanted to piss of the dutch . 
  the netherlands exists because some people in the 16th century did n't really want to pay taxes . 
  the us exists because some people in the 18th century did n't really want to pay taxes . 
  a massive part of the world 's borders were determined by the british being assholes . 
  what side of a border you live on says nothing about you . 
  patriotism is pretending is does . 
  another example , specifically for americans : louisiana is american and not french simply because it was a bit useless . 
  so you have no source and just assume that everything anti-immigrant is true ? 
   benelux + denmark that 's a bit random . 
  not any less than argentina , that 's the problem . 
  yes , every major city has those , generally a load of grey flat blocks that would be a cultural walhalla if it was n't for those pesky immigrants who actually lives there . 
  well yes , obviously those germanics you were just talking about, 
  what ? 
  that makes no sense whatsoever at all . 
  it might make a decent argument for the opposite as the romans impressively failed to destroy local european culture . 
  close-knit communities in africa/asia , et cetera , not exclusively european at all . 
  ah , the neo-fascist right , always a joy . 
  which ones ? 
  this does raise the question `` what 's wrong with hungarian culture that it 's so threatened ? '', 
  if your culture ca n't handle a bit of immigration your culture is not worth saving . 
  no healthy european culture is seriously existentially threatened by non-western immigration . 
  that 's the same joke, 
  * that 's simply not true .
