  well , you should not forget that the massive popularity of `` looking for freedom '' in germany inspired millions of germans to , in fact , go looking for freedom . ', 
  the point is , jp2 was obviously an influential figure , but the `` guy behind the fall of the iron curtain '' is just hero-worship . 
   because becoming like japan is ( far ) better than becoming like syria , saudi arabia or libya . 
  well , yes , but we 're not in any way becoming like syria , saudi arabia or libya . 
  that 's just silly , or , more reasonably , dishonest . 
   but importing muslims is not a solution why not ? 
   because of immigrants and ? 
  yes , that is another similarity . 
  yes , that is another similarity . 
   the guy behind the fall of iron curtain uhm , so i 'm going to assume that your education minister would n't qualify for greatest citisen . 
  i would n't deny that pope jp2 played a role , but calling him the `` guy behind the fall of the iron curtain '' is almost as ridiculous as agreeing with david hasselhoff that david hasselhoff was responsible for the fall of the berlin wall . 
   influential us senator roger wicker requested the administration of president barack obama to draw concrete moves and punish b&h politicians involved in corruption . 
  there 's a push to make the us president punish other countries ' politician for their corruption in other countries ? 
  i find that a bit odd . 
  because you seem to be claiming that allowing halal meat and allowing building mosques is in itself wrong . 
  no , seriously  so would building mosques in sweden be migrants adapting to sweden or the other way around ? 
   maybe it should be that immigrants adapt to sweden , not the other way around you are saying that not banning mosques and not forcing pork down immigrants ' throats constitutes adapting to them and that sweden should not do that , and instead force them to adapt to sweden , what else do you mean ? 
   i only brought an example of sweden becoming more similar to that of immigrants ' origin country . 
  that is sort of exactly the point , you are pretending that sweden is destroying it 's own culture by not forcing every immigrant into their own churches , you are lying . 
  you are simply being dishonest . 
   that is , sweden has taken in too many , too randomly ( basically no selection based on skills etc whatsoever ) and they obviously are not managing it well . 
  i 'd say they are managing very well , given your complete lack of ability to come up with actual problems . 
  that 's probably indication that they could take many , many more . 
  you are consistently claiming that sweden is betraying itself by not forcing everyone within their borders to prepare their food in the traditional swedish way , but your believe that every immigrant should be forced to do everything exactly as the local people were doing simply makes you the arsehole . 
   okay , i can be more specific because you clearly need to pick on everything . 
  there are now religious issues with food that are based on purely some ( foreign ) book text and has nothing to do with real risks . 
  so , some people prepare their food slightly differently and some other people choose to take offence to that . 
  you still have n't convincingly made up a problem . 
  would you not say that it 's quite a strong indication that a problem is n't actually as big as imagined if even the people who most believe that it 's a problem ca n't come up with anything that 's actually wrong ? 
   so would building mosques in sweden be migrants adapting to sweden or the other way around ? 
  neither , as you know . 
   what is more , we see problems imported to sweden that were n't there , such as jew-arab hate , halal meat etc. 
  antisemitism is much older in sweden than muslim immigrants , as in , it 's been there for literal centuries . 
   halal meat is the situation really so amazingly great that you have to resort to making up problems after one ? 
  `` halal meat '' is not in itself actually a problem . 
   own economy is n't in the best shape right now sure , it is . 
  your economy is never in the best shape when something is asked . 
  it 's pretty much like the poles , who were doing brilliant until they had to take a handful of refugees , then they were suddenly poor again . 
  that 's sort of the point , those actions did not exist in a vacuum . 
  did you never wonder why britian ( and the netherlands , to be honest ) is still so rich , despite having absoluty nothing to offer the world ? 
  it is because you are still profiting from colonialism . 
  do n't get me wrong , basically no brit alive is in any way morally responsible , but that 's no excuse . 
  if your dad stole my house , then died and left it to you , i would be wrong to blame you personally , but i 'd still want my house back . 
  that is basically the situation we 're in . 
  the point i was making : stop with giving aid , and start with paying reparations , that 's a much , much more reasonable attitude . 
   because creating immigrant-ghettos in bigger cities is a disaster for the society that is extremely difficult to get rid of , and sweden has already managed to let similar things happen . 
  that 's sort of the point , they imported a load of cheap labour and then abandoned them , and they are now blaming it on the immigrants . 
  what has happened is the following , a load of people were brought in to do heavy factory labour in conditions no swede would agree to , they were given absolutely no help with intergrated , and then they were blamed and discriminated for refusing to intergrate . 
   thirdly , swedes should take more facts into account i strongly agree . 
  i do think , however , that the reasons that the facts are largely ignored is primarily because the facts largely point to sweden being a much more racist place that they 're willing to admit . 
   maybe it should be that immigrants adapt to sweden , not the other way around this is just a sidenote , but your insinuation that the opposite has been happening is just a lie , i would prefer if you did not lie like that . 
  it makes discussion impossible . 
  i agree with you there , the lack of dehumanizing shite like the standard `` vermin '' and `` invasion '' rhetoric is a bit of an improvement , the fact that it still boils down to `` basic human rights like asylum should not apply to brown people '' is not . 
  which seems a bit of an odd attitude , considering that , well , most of the problem is `` your '' fault . 
  that is , the current troubles are still for a massive part down to the rape of the entire middle east by the british a century ago . 
   i 'm glad that finland has a president that does n't appear to live in imaginary la-la-land ( like most politicians in sweden ) yeah , the amount of people in sweden who have gone completely of the rails and keep shouting that they are taking over and that every neigbourhood with a brown person is a lawless sharia no-go area seems to be massively increasing , but i do n't think they 're a majority just yet . 
  you 're absolutely right , they should have invested much more in the education and intergration of immigrants . 
  or was that not the point you were trying to make ? 
  sanders seems very decent , both clinton and cruz are completely typical american presidential candidates , only trump does n't seem to fit . 
   `` however , in practice this means that anyone who knows how to pronounce the word `` asylum '' can enter europe and finland ; ... '' what i think is most telling about the speech in general is that he did not follow that sentence with `` after which they 'll be subjected to quite extensive background checks and a significant percentage of them will be send back '' . 
  it shows exactly how honest he is . 
  seriously , why do you even need to steep down to such stupid lies ? 
  stop insulting us , arsehole . 
  how ? 
  how is this brave ? 
  how is repeating the exact same horseshit tropes that feature in all mass media brave ? 
  if anything , the speech can best be descriped as `` cowardly populist '' . 
  this is the problem , this is exactly the problem . 
  none of you are willing to admit the truth . 
  the simply truth , as demonstrated perfectly by this speech , is simply that you do not give a fuck whether anyone is or is n't a refugee , you just want them all to fuck off regardless . 
  the attitude taken by a massive part of the european population is `` i do n't care where you come from , i do n't care what you 're fleeing from , you could literally be crawling straight from a concentration camp , but if taking in anyone would cost me even 1 eurocent less in benefits , you should all just die '', 
  it 's funny how you live up to the stereotypes by being overly touchy . 
  you are mixing things up . 
  russia does n't have ( that many ) pyramids . 
  have you not been paying attention ? 
  you pulled extremely dim generalisations out of your arse , so i responded with equally valid generalisitions about poles . 
  you seem to , as we say here , have a massive plate for your head where everything bad you say about foreigners is true and everything bad foreigners say about you lot is wrong , even when they are the exact same thing exactly as well supported . 
  that is the whole point , everything you are saying about those refugees had been said for years about poles , with at least as much justification . 
  you act as if the former is some absolute truth while you blindly reject the latter . 
  yes , there is a huge difference . 
  a significant part of syrians are well educated and willing to work , while most poles we get over here are alcoholic lorry drivers that ca n't even drive . 
  i suspect they indeed have tens of thousands of free homes due to tens of thousands of poles leaving . 
  from your description , and the description in the article , they seem to be an authoritarian nationalist party focused on national unity that thrives on the claim that the stable and orderly society is under threat by external forces . 
  that seems at least somewhat similar to your description . 
  i might be throwing the term around a bit too easily thanks to all that bloody adorno . 
  is n't that a bit contradictionary ? 
  those immigrants are a small minority and are therefore much more likely to be influenced than to actually change the local culture . 
  the notion that 2 % of the population will reverse our progress on anything is , well , a bit of a lie , really . 
  that 's the point . 
  they would be in the shit if it was n't for those tens of thousands of poles coming over here to profit of our wealth , yet they have the fucking nerve to complain about a much smaller group of people immigrating for a much better reason . 
  i 'm perfectly fine with them not taking refugees , as long as they take all their fucking poles back . 
  oh no , that claim was exactly as baseless as / u / suicidemachine 's . 
  that was the point, 
  most poles that come over here no education and skills either , and are generally alcoholic and extremely bad drivers . 
  we seem to be doing fine , despite the influx of those poles . 
   the government would have to implement some sweden-esque welfare they do n't . 
  that is a lie , and not a very good one either . 
  why would poland suddenly have to provide better welfare ? 
  so , by your accents , actually semi-fascist ? 
   apparently when you 're not ecstatic about allowing thousands of unemployable migrants to your country that struggles with poverty and unemployment , you 're suddenly a nationalist that 's the point .
