  that 's a lie . 
  you are not doing that bad and a few thousands ( your cry of thousands !!!, 
  is in itself quite misleading ) are no threat to your economy whatsoever . 
  you know this and you lie about it . 
  poland is also too poor to be robbed by right-wing corporate stooges , and poland is not actually that poor . 
  the left is generally all right with rich people becoming poorer , the right is generally perfectly fine with poor people becoming poorer . 
  edit : for those that apparantly need an explanation : u/awesomelove commented with an extremely dim stereotype of the left , i responded with an equally stereotypical portrayal of the right to mock / u/awesomelove , because that stupidity deserves to be mocked . 
  have you never even considered why right-wing media are shouting `` betrayal '' over such an extremely minor point . 
  you are not going to notice those 5000 , those who say you will are lying . 
   5000 immigrants 5000 immigrants ? 
  5000 whole immigrants ? 
  how could your nation of 40 million possibly support that ? 
  still a lovely tractor , that . 
  derived from merkin ( pubic wig ) , maybe ? 
  jes , wie al spiek it very goed . 
  oh , they 're still revolting , even though they 've long stopped revolting . 
  impressive , really . 
   have you been to spain ? 
  six or seven times , which is why i 'm laughing . 
  of course your railroads are great , your public transport is so abysmal that large stretches probably have n't seen a train in twenty years . 
   best infraestructures in w. europe hahahahaha no , seriously , hahahahaha, 
  also very wrong . 
  belgium was given to the netherlands after napoleon in order to create a strong buffer state between france and prussia . 
  the belgians did n't like this very much , so they revolted . 
  this did n't go very well , until france got involved ( well , france did most of the revolting , in fact , while the belgians themselves mostly stayed home ) , because france unsurprisingly , did n't want a strong buffer state as a neighbour . 
  then britian decided that they 'd also prefer an independend belgium , so the netherlands gave up . 
  so it 's basically the exact opposite . 
  well , you do n't know anything about music whatsoever . 
  exactly how many convicted murderers have escaped ? 
  he 's also a brilliant musician , but that does n't really make the opinions of the insane murdering bigot more relevant . 
  varg is both an insane neo-nazi murderer and an utterly brilliant black metal musician . 
  if not for the latter , nobody 'd give a shit about his words . 
  he 's like dave mustaine if mustaine was actually evil and not just an arse . 
   ever heard of prison breaks ? 
  ooh , i wonder , which is more common : prison breaks or people sentenced to death that are later exonerated by new evidence ? 
  no wait , i 'm not wondering , because it 's the latter , by quite a large margin . 
  theres no middle ground on / r/europe . 
  once a country violently invades another sovereign nation and annexes a piece of land under false pretenses that country is generally seen as the bad guy in the situation . 
  how small-minded of us !, 
  actually olive oil apparantly works quite well , and is what the romans used as lube . 
  / u/low _ discrepancy is what juncker actually said . 
  your comment is how the leave-campaign spun it . 
  wait , have we stopped collectively ignoring varg ( 's words , that is ) ? 
  those are all dead . 
  it 's a common , mildly ironic phrase . 
  places that refers to include : portugal , greece , russia , etheopia , mali , mongolia . 
  i was in portugal recently , and the towels were fine . 
  also , public transport seemed to actually be working , while the phrase `` god 's ways are dark and seldomly pleasant '' seems to be made for spanish bus services . 
  oh , spain knows that part of spain speaks spanish . 
  you moaning cow , you . 
  non-dutch , please look . 
  it is brilliant . 
  a high point in dutch culture . 
   medias media is already plural . 
  one medium , two media . 
   ved in hundreds of wars against literally almost fucking anybody on the planet through leaving . 
  i think most of that love was lost by the time of the fifth dutch-british maritime war . 
  also , ssh , be quiet or we 'll invade you so hard you 'll call it a glorious revolution , again . 
  and the uk has lost most of the power it craved in hundreds of wars against literally almost fucking anybody on the planet through leaving . 
  you must make shit mayonnaise then . 
   ah so that 's why most italian migrants into the us during the late 19th became drug dealers yes , the mafia is indeed a perfectly good example of the same phenomenon . 
  well done . 
  those people are right , proving the point the user above you made . 
  well , to be honest , you put a flag on the moon because you lot dramatically , emberassingly lost the space race and really , really had to find a consolation prize . 
  it 's true , though . 
  `` you '' is the formal , `` thou '' is the informal . 
  the latter has just fallen out of use completely . 
  luckily , glad that bastard was n't immortal . 
  well , the archaic , 16th century dutch version , yes . 
  yes , our oldest ally has abandoned us , so our oldest enemy 'll have to do . 
  this is , in fact , true . 
  yes , it 'd get crowded . 
  some people would even be forced to live in flevoland . 
  do you honestly believe you made anything even remotely resembling a point in your original incoherent ramble ? 
  you did n't . 
  there is no argument to engage with , you did n't make an argument for or against anything , you 've just rambled incoherently . 
  this is silly . 
  you were obviously drunk off your tits when you wrote that nonsensical , incoherent mess of a post , and probably still . 
  `` what are your counterarguments against my inane drunken ramblings ? '', 
  is pointless . 
  just leave it for now , sleep it off and delete it in the morning , when you 're capable of coherent thought again . 
  this is n't a debate . 
  you were just blabbering incoherently and i was just pointing that out . 
  nothing you said made any sense whatsoever . 
  rubbish . 
  if you want a happy life , do come to the netherlands . 
  it 's prosperous , peaceful , safe , education is good , health care is good , infrastructure is good . 
  it 's quite rainy , petrol is expensive and the people like to moan about absolutely everything but otherwise it 's a bloody great place to live . 
  also , i 'm not at all a fan of rutte , but `` mentally weak like a baby orphan '' is just completely silly . 
   i fear the worst for my fellow human being 's political critical thinking level ooh , me too !, 
  especially yours , since you 're blabbering nonsense . 
  why always you ? 
  nah , belgians have always come over here . 
  that is not a recent development . 
   only to those who wish to ignore her glaring flaws . 
  point is , they are glaring flaws she shares with basically all previous american presidents . 
  are you still pretending to equate homosexuality and mental illness ? 
   i believe that mentally ill people deserve the treatment they need to help them function in society . 
  yes , that , however , has nothing to do with the question at hand . 
  if you conflate the two , you are clearly a deeply immoral bigot .
