   you treated russia as a normal country , while you should think of it as if it was germany before the second world war no , we should n't , because that 's an idiotic hyperbole . 
  russia 's foreign policy is , like that of pretty much every country in the world , is geared towards protecting russia 's interests , and starting any larger scale military incident is absolutely in no way in russia 's interest . 
  to think that they 'd even risk it is just really quite stupid . 
  i fucking love bruce dickinson , the man is awesome ( and one of the greatest singers in metal history , of course ) . 
  ah , german music , i love me some alexander marcus . 
  because berlusconi . 
  you can not be governed for years by someone who 's made up of at least 60 % olive oil and still take yourself seriously . 
   but crisis was averted . 
  it 's more that the aversion of a crisis was averted , now we 're stuck with that shit . 
  hehehe , ours sounds like a superhero . 
  we all just thought : giant twat makes shitty , offensive joke , business as usual . 
  i 've always quite liked ramsey , actually . 
  sure , he 's arrogant and he swears like his mum 's not watching , but his ( british ) shows are quite enjoyable and he 's genuinely a world-class chef , most tv cooks ca n't claim to have 14 michelin stars to their names . 
  one of the reasons the international backlash took us by some surprise is because we all , collectively , know that gordon 's a giant tosspot . 
  in the netherlands nobody was surprised that he made a joke in such poor taste , because everything he does is in poor taste . 
  yes , which makes `` xavier bettel was sworn in yesterday as luxembourg 's prime minister , making the former talk show host europe 's first openly gay prime minister '' complete bullshit . 
  `` europe 's first openly gay prime minister '' , `` belgium 's current premier '' ? 
  those are the same thing . 
  wait , we 're doing something ? 
  whether or not people dressing up in blackface and acting like children is , in fact , a bit racist . . 
  oh , come on , almere exists . 
  oh yeah , something about some old guy on a horse . 
  the netherlands * i do n't think anything actually happened , but then again , i am a bit stoned . 
  what the fuck , finland ? 
  we are ? 
  nobody tells me anything around here . 
  the point is , those powers are purely theoretical . 
  a modern monarch who would decide to veto a law based on personal beliefs would lose all popular support and would be , quite simply , thrown out . 
  that 's a rather complicated question , since many monarchies ( even now ) are ceremonial in practice , but still have a lot of theoretical power they just do n't use . 
  in most of these countries , for example , the monarch still has the power to veto laws and dissolve parliament . 
  they 're just not using it . 
  that goes without saying , really . 
  our bikes and probably some asparagus . 
  i think it has something to do with a 250-year old outdated legal document . 
  the netherlands : a lot of latent racism and small-mindedness surfaced . 
  they get really annoyed if you drink cappucino in the afternoon . 
  great !, 
  hope we follow soon . 
  allegedly . . 
  he looks like beatrix in those . . 
  ooh , bad move . 
  that 's going to cost him votes . 
  pa pa pa pa pa pa pa power, 
  i just breathed dangerous air , hihihi . 
  that 's either some secret spy shit or santa . 
  we normally just use lgbt . 
  in my experience there is n't really a noticable difference in pronunciation between the two when drunk . 
  fun fact : in dutch we use `` wodka '' as the generic term . 
  yeah , that little fact suffers from not actually being true . 
  `` vodka '' refers to all vodka , polish , russian , latvian , dutch , etc. 
  w\u00f3dka might specifically refer to polish vodka , but it 's still completely and utterly vodka . 
  and spend some time on his education ( he goes to my uni ) . 
  he does that every other week , though . 
  friendly people , good vodka , most things are cheap , krakow 's fucking pretty and girls put syrup in their beer . 
  the netherlands : a politician turned out to be a bit of a cunt . 
  schultenbr\u00e4u is actually belgian , though it is better than most lagers in its price category . 
  oh yeah , we could . 
  it 's sadly not in the budget , however . 
  what , the netherlands ? 
  ireland is like fucking nepal in comparison . 
  i think you 're confusing cause and effect here ... 
   sorry , i forgot about you guys  yeah , we get that a lot :( most of scandinavia is n't very racist , at least no more than large parts of france . 
  finland does n't count , that 's not scandinavia . 
  they do n't hate immigrants , just poor immigrants , roma , muslims , black people . 
  if you 're white and well-educated you 'll probably be welcomed with open arms . 
  not really places known for being big on racism , i 'd say . 
  i 've been to denmark and hardly noticed any difference at all , the languages even sound very similar . 
  the fuck has albania got to do with mongolia ? 
  those are n't exactly neighboring . 
  of course we should care about their usefulness . 
  i 'm not arguing for abolishing catalan in schools . 
  i 'm just saying that treating it like the primary language in schools at the expense of the country 's first language is rather disadvantageous to the students and should be questioned . 
  yeah , like you could look at the issue objectively . . 
  honestly comparable in usefulness . 
  yes , spanish . 
  treat catalan like frisian : a secondary language that serves only a cultural purpose , because that 's what it is . 
  implying that catalan is a much , much less useful than both english and spanish . 
  the government wants to teach my children a language that 'll actually be useful to them , the horror !, 
  i 'm not hating , i 've eaten loads of the stuff myself and it can be great . 
  oh , come on , we eat as much of that shit as the germans do . 
  that 'd work if `` patat '' meant potato in dutch and if ` friet ' meant fried , but they do n't . 
  they 're both borrowed words that lost their original meaning and they both just mean fried potato . 
  patat is just a far superior word . 
  ( yes , i know ` patat ' still means potato in flemish , it just does n't mean that in abn ), 
  you should always ignore italians , at least until they learn to converse at a reasonable volume . 
  but those should be completely ignored . 
   which essentially depend on whether or not spain , or any other member state with secessionist areas , would block it which is really very likely ( see macedonia , for example ) . 
  it was good pr . 
   ~ ~ russia ~ ~ ** every country ** tends to get involved where it would provide them a tactical advantage . 
  i can imagine russia would have supported the irish independence purely on the basis that it weakened the british empire . 
  ah well , everyone makes mistakes . 
  because i am ( relative to all the much taller people i hang out with ) . 
  why are you fries ? 
  many of the people around me are much taller . 
  i 've got several friends of 2m +, 
  for these parts it is ( i live in groningen ) , but in southern europe i 'd have been huge . 
  i think so . 
  i 'm dutch , that 's explanation enough , though i often feel like i 'm actually quite short ( 1,86 ) . 
  in that case i 'm a bit out of my water , if it were de dijk or spinvis then i might have been able to help but that 's not really my scene . 
  ( though i can recommend le le in the nederhop thingie , who are quite awesome http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yqrchp5u3ks ),
