is that drenthe ? 
  poetry is hard anal humiliation hey , at least it fits, 
  it 's not about the island , but about saint martin 's day , the 11th of november . 
  it 's a bit like halloween ( only better , of course ) : children make lampoons and go door to door singing little songs like this one for candy . 
  i am a bit , yeah, 
  they look very similar to me ... 
  yeah , but very similar shades of orange and green . 
  ok , i might just be a bit colourblind, 
  yes, 
  the problem with that is that nobody wants wallonia . 
  it 's probably just because no one could tell the belgian men and women apart anyway . 
  the us has never really been a bastion of cultural freedom , has it ? 
  i ca n't see the difference between 1801-1914 and ' 71 - ' 89 , am i the only one with that problem ? 
  i 'm not saying everyone reads in english , i agree with you that the majority do n't . 
  it 's just rather normal and far more common than in a lot of countries ( france for instance ) . 
  every bookstore has a decently sized english language section , for example , much bigger than in almost every country i 've been to . 
  they 're available . 
  it 's just that translators are , in general not as good at writing as actual writers . 
   are you really saying the blue countries on the map read their books in english ? 
  yeah , i 'm dutch and i read most books that were originally written in english in english . 
  i 'd say that 's pretty common . 
  when they use a fatwa to condemn extremism and violence ? 
  yes . 
  well , it 's the one james bond originally used , so that has to count for something . 
  yeah , but the point is that they were n't made for propaganda purposes . 
  they were inspired by propaganda , but made for more artistic purposes , which is why they are n't propaganda , in my opinion . 
  yeah , but these are n't propaganda posters , they 're art inspired by propaganda posters . 
   `` i would like south africa to remain majority black . '', 
  or `` i would like israel to remain majority jewish '' nope , still racist ( though with israel it 's more a culture/religion thin ) . 
  but why would it matter , as long as they are decent neigbours , why would i care what colour my neigbour 's skin is ? 
  how is it not just as silly as saying `` this is a dark haired country , we do n't want no blondes here '' ? 
  and why ? 
  why would skin colour ever be relevant . 
  we have n't forgotten either , see you in the final ... 
  why is it crazy ? 
  it is a pretty logical name considering the history . 
  damn , we 're doing good , man . 
  ~ ~ social ~ ~ - liberal , just for clarification . 
  damn , so i ca n't even do that right . 
  you just have to hope it happens to be huit heure et demi . 
  i took french in school . 
  i am now perfectly capable of asking for the time in french and understanding the answer , just as long as it happens to be half past 8 . 
  nationalist right-wingers tend to be strongly , outspoken conservative . 
  `` preserving traditional * insert nationality * values against something or other '' tends to be their main point . 
  oh fuck off , the eurovision has always , right from the start , been about politics and international relations . 
  it was started to promote european spirit . 
  it has never , ever been just about music , and everyone is fully aware of that . 
  the outrage is n't because it was n't about the music ( because it never is ) , it 's because someone won with whom you disagree . 
  face it , you 're just upset because you 're a bigot , not at all because it `` was n't about the music '' . 
  and nobody `` got '' conchita to win , she won because most countries voted for her , it was n't forced on anyone . 
  other than that , conchita actually had one of the best performances/songs of the contest . 
  no , not really , they are the regressive force . 
  does it still count as a godwin when the parallels are so blindingly clear ? 
  meh , it 'd say most of the eastern netherlands would understand . 
  i 'm from groningen and i can understand twents , for example , reasonably well . 
  ah great , the one thing better than a judgemental asshole , a hypocritical judgemental asshole . 
  liberalism has different meanings , socialism does not . 
  it has one very clear meaning and is just occasionally used wrongly by people who do n't know what the word means . 
  yeah , i 'm pretty far left myself and they are , quite simply , completely different , mutually exclusive things . 
  they are , by definition , absolutely not socialist . 
  you might want to look up what the word actually means . 
  what i mean is that there is nothing socialist about the ps . 
  they are purely capitalist , just in favour of a bit more government influence on some issues . 
  how are socialists a problem ? 
  you 've got that parti socialiste thing but there 's literally nothing socialist about those . 
  oh , i take everything back . 
  that 's perfectly reasonable and not in the slightest overly bureaucratic . 
  ah well , you need some way to fund your 7 governments . 
   imagine an ultrademocratic , low-budget version of prince philip so , quite racist ? 
  well , that was n't very suprising . 
  i think there is a stereotype that we all speak great english , with a horrrible accent though . 
   there is no independent news organization in the netherlands . 
  all main stream media is operated in one way or the other by the government . 
  ehhm , what about all newspapers ? 
  though quite a bunch of them are rather poor quality , of course . 
  i can understand that , given , well , polish history in general . 
  but , even if he was a crazed , unstable madman , he 'd still be nowhere near stupid enough to mess with any eu or nato members . 
   i beg to differ . 
  a lot . 
  why ? 
   it is quite possible but very unlikely . 
  right now , russia 's international position has not been seriously damaged at all , just like georgia has not seriously damaged russia 's international position . 
  there is nothing indicating that the eu are about to boycot russian gas or that any permanent actions or sanctions will be taken . 
  canada has withdrawn it 's ambassador , but that does no significant damage and he will return as soon as things quiet down . 
  you seem incredibly hung up on an image of putin as a crazed , unstable madman , but that image is absolutely not supported by his behaviour , at all . 
   every single thing he 's doing right now indicates he 's irrational no , putin is , as always , behaving like a ruthless thug , but a perfectly rational ruthless thug . 
  crimea is strategically very important to russia , especially for naval reasons . 
  if , for example , the polish government could get away with annexing a strategically interesting region without major backlash , then they would , because it 's a perfectly rational thing to do , and that 's exactly what russia is attempting now . 
  right now , russia is just profiting from a situation in which is might be possible to annex a strategically interesting region without negative consequences that outweigh the benefits , which is perfectly rational , and also why i 'm convinced that they 'll back down as soon as becomes clear that the backlash will outweigh the benefits , which is n't the case yet . 
  basically , on of two things can happen , either the eu remains relatively passive and russia takes crimea , or the eu start applying serious ( economic ) pressure and russia will back down , quite simply because it is n't worth it anymore . 
  anything else is very implausable . 
  russia is economically very dependent on the eu , we could basically bleed them dry if we wanted to , and they are perfectly aware of the fact that they are not a superpower anymore . 
  putin is behaving perfectly rational , just as he 's pretty much always done , and nothing about his behaviour indicates the despair , irrationality or simple stupidity needed to start an actual war . 
  you are completely right , you do seem paranoid . 
  what gave you the idea that putin is either desparate or irrational ? 
  nothing about this situation indicates either . 
  they 're sabre rattling , we 've got far bigger sabres . 
  yes , and they would never have done that if the west actually gave a fuck about georgia . 
  and they 'll be gone as soon as the conflict escalates , quite simply because they have nothing to gain from such an escalation . 
  international politics are governed by pragmatism , and it just is n't in russia 's interest to start an actual war .
