  anyway : it is a fact that europe has enough problems with youth unemployment , debts , austerity programs , etc. 
  so we can not afford accepting any immigrants we do not benefit from ( high qualified immigrants should be warmly welcomed ) . 
  edit : edited some stuff out and put in a new paragraph . 
  there is also a type of volcanic lace we call `` das maar '' . 
  actually there are just the netherland and the scandinavian ( plus denmark ) countries speaking good english in europe . 
  i am in university and i dont know anyone who would wait for the newest episodes of their favorite series to be subbed in german , so everyone watching english series . 
  they are like beggers who refuse when one is buying them food and throw it away , because they actually want money for buying booze . 
  back to the last station which is considered safe . 
  i mean the sending everyone who comes illegally back without exception and instead help the people who are still in syria or at the syria boarder . 
  i wish germany would do the same . 
  feel free to have any opinion you want , does not negate the facts that eastern europe hates russia and that not working together leads to more problems . 
  the whole ukraine thing you mentioned is a result of eu vs russia conflict , that was not even neccessary in the first place . 
  i agree with you . 
  sadly merkel and also the small groups of people cheering when refugees arrive give the impression , we want to have them here , which is not the case . 
  we do not need so many children , this is just bullshit pro-immigration organisation and the economy repeats for brainwashing ( they want to decrease salaries even further ) . 
  the productivity per capita due to automisation and efficiency is so high , we can have the same level of wealth with less people and can easily finance the social welfare . 
  i do not have any bad feelings towards russia as the most other german people . 
  the eastern europe nations maybe need to think about their stance , whether they blindly want to hate russia , or builda future for them and whole europe together . 
  i can not show solidarity with nationalism , hate and revanchism . 
  what is , when they are coming right for the soldiers at the border ? 
  well , you are a coward than . 
  when there is the civil war in germany because of uncontrolled immigration , i am happy to fight the german branch of isis . 
  regarding how syria is now , i doubt any syrian besides religious extremists would like to change the system in retrospective . 
  so why not fight to restore the old system ? 
  assad is a dictator , but he was not brutal . 
  actually syria was one of the most open minded countries in middle east . 
  i do not think everyone needs to chop off heads , they probably have positions in logistics or administration . 
  they are supported by the us , there is a realistic chance . 
  those are all men in their best age . 
  they can fight and defend their country . 
  they can choose between syrian army , free syrian army or the isis . 
  if my country would have this kind of problems i would fight and even sacrifice myself for a better future . 
  running away from war is acting like a coward and most countries harshly punish this . 
  did you see the vietnamese run away when the most powerful country in the world attacked them ? 
  no , they fought and won eventually . 
  i hope the european union is going to reward the honest asylum seekers , who registered in their country of arrival and sends the ones who aggressively came to germany to eastern europe or greece . 
  they give them food and shelter when they oficially register as refugee . 
  sounds fair to me . 
  so syrians teleport right to germany or what ? 
  they travel a route over the countries i mentioned , which are all safe states , so the argument of fleeing a war is not valid as soon as they left syria . 
  just look at the reports of all the boarders of the countries i mentioned . 
  actually , you can work your whole life and pay taxes/unemployment insurance , etc. 
  but when you loose your job , after one year you will get the same treatment like a refugee and just the money to survive ( in german it is called existenzminimum ( minimum for existance ) ) . 
  first of ll , insulting other people with a different opinion than yours makes your argumentation not very valid , in the opposite , it actually disqualifies to be taken serious by others . 
  however , so you are telling me they are fleeing from the wars in turkey , bulgaria , greece , serbia , macedonia , czech and austria ? 
  ( which are the countries they passed ) . 
  the reason they do not stay in those countries is simply , that they do not get pampered by the social welfare system . 
  edit : some sentences of him translated from german :  dude , fuck off with your inhuman shit . 
   i like them ( refugees ) thousand times more than bastards like you, 
  in china there are mainly squatting toilets . 
  so the people also squat on western style toilets , leaving their footprint on the seat . 
  it also poses a high risk , because if the toilet bowl breaks , they are going to hurt themselves really badly ( if you google this , nsfl ) . 
  in germany with a wife and 5 children , this family will be in welfare forever . 
  there is now way that just the man can earn more than the harty 4 payments , which will be around 2000 euro plus the rent of the home ( which for this family size will be around 1200 euro ) . 
  those 3200 euros is something an engineer with 5 years professional experience would earn . 
  it is so sad to see , how we take people which leech our society and welfare system , and the normal german employee needs to pay so many taxes ... 
  i think the people are shoked mainly by the cruelty of the method those human smugglers use and how they profited by the misery of thoe people . 
  they probably took all the money of the refugees and willingly let them die in the truck by suffocation ( a horrible death ) . 
  the amount of people in such a small space also reminds me of the ausschwitz trains . 
  but those people are our problem , whereas people like in the thalys shooting are imported problems , that should never be here . 
  not one single article mentioning he is from north-africa / marocco . 
  how i hate our leftist media . 
  just for traveling to us . 
  i would shoot them down to stop them ( not aiming to kill them , but to stop them ) . 
  when they charge on the policemen , it is not peaceful and therefore appropriate measures have to be used . 
  after the other police officers helped their stabbed collegue , over 100 illegal immigrants were running over the boarder . 
  if this will spread word , more illegal immigrants try this method . 
  i destroyed the rfid chip in my passport and id too . 
  it is no problem if you do not want to go to us , cause it is the only country which requires this bullshit . 
  there are a lot of tutorials how to build an rfid-zapper out of a disposable camera . 
  you can also use a rubber hammer and hit the page with rfid to break the small wires . 
  it is not illegal , as long as noone can prove it was on purpose , but you can not travel to countries which require rfid chips in passports anymore ( e.g. 
  usa ) . 
  ente in german . 
  vatican is of course for free  , as is every other church in rome . 
  also cologne cathedral , definitely a more impressive landmark than churches in england is for free as well . 
  if you want to climb the tower though , you have to pay 2 euros . 
  regarding oyster card , i was visiting during a time when it was recently introduced , also websites were shitty at this time and smartphones didnt even exist . 
  it was also a 2 or 3 days spontanious stopover , so i really did not had too much time planning . 
  i was also a student this time with small budget , so the high prices for sights were really shocking for me . 
  entrance to st. pauls cathedral : 20 pounds entrance to westminster abbey : 18 pounds entrance to temple church : 5 pounds westminster cathedral has no admission , but it is also catholic and not anglican church . 
  if you despise cologne cathedral , you might just move to dusseldorf . 
  i think cologne people are tolerant , but tolerance has limits . 
  london is really disapointing in general , because they totally rip you off for visiting tourist sites and for public transport without oyster card . 
  even for going into their churches one has to pay entrance fee , which i never saw anywhere before . 
  another thing that is disappointing are the `` sea life '' aquariums . 
  they , together with `` madame tussauds '' seems to be a tourist trap . 
  the cologne cathedral is one of the most impressive sights i have ever seen . 
  the feeling when going through the inside with its high sealings is amazing , and it also hosts one of the most holy relique , the three king shrine , completely out of gold nd full with juwels . 
  it is also the 2nd highest church , just topped by the church in ulm by a few meters ( but just with 1 tower ) . 
  also when standing in front of it and look up , makes one feel so small . 
  the bonus for me is the cheap price climbing on the tower , which just costs 2 euro for students . 
  the treasury was not so interesting for me , just lots of golden things , but it is probably interesting for historicans , since the archdiocese of cologne is the richest in the world ( and it also includes the cathedral from aachen , where charlemagne was crowned ) . 
  i do not agree . 
  i think knossos was pretty interesting , despite the weird reconstructions . 
  but maybe it was just the overall good mood i had while being in crete . 
  hey , please do not interrupt leftist circlejerk . 
  i would wish , they would introduce higher fines for violations and do more dense controls , especially for food imports from china . 
  the only way to stop them is hurting them financially , because they have no morality . 
  it was done by local chinese managers .
