meanwhile animal right people protest in germany against shooting wild house cats that clearly affect the birds population . 
  it already exist , e.g. 
  in lufthansa you have wifi on long flights ( 91 % of long flights ) . 
  so how can this be a news ? 
  edit : it costs money , but i think you could make some profit or at least go online for free by buying it and share with some people for cash . 
  i remember how the german company volkswagen wanted to introduce a workers council and the workers voted no , even if it was for their good . 
  the republicans strongly opposed that and made a lot of wrong propaganda and the people fell for that . 
  funny thing is , the workers coucil in germany is so powerful that they were able to initiate this vote . 
  the company itself was officially neutral , but they actually profit from the outcome of the vote , because there are less workers rights now , so it is easier for us engineers to increase effeciency and eventually rationalize workers . 
  edit : comments say i got that wrong . 
  later going to read more about it and write down my findings . 
  they are for the case the scandinavian countries join the eu , so they can do their grocery shopping without using bank card . 
  i planned to visit scottland on my next summer holiday . 
  no i think i do n't want anymore , such a slave country with the majority of people too dumb to see the propaganda of the ruling class . 
  this is a victory for banks , big companies , the tories and the 500.000 english people living in scottland . 
  ( btw the difference of yes and no was 375.000 , so the scottish actually voted for independence ) . 
  are there any english nationalist temporary moving to scotland to be allowed to vote ? 
  even if they would have the chance to vote , i think , they would stick with germany . 
  i just hope they finally show some strenght against the us and china . 
  tell me more how i benefit by declining wages , because some people from spain do a job for nearly nothing . 
  i join you . 
  agree . 
  in germany due to high taxes ( high income tax , social tax , retirement tax ) and high prices due to taxes ( high energy prices , high gas prices ) the middle class can not afford buying houses in the cities anymore and therefore needs to rent . 
  in addition the working situation for many people is not safe at all , with a lot of people work in temporary jobs , can be fired anytime or need to move within the country . 
  as is cologne cathedral  2005 vatican 2-euro coin ( for the 20th world youth day ) ( 100.000 coins ) 2011 state edition of northrhine-westphalia ( 30.925.000 coins ) pictures : http://imgur.com/a/eqjbq, 
  i think twice or thrice within the last 10 years there was no scaffolding . 
  this is where are the pictures from used on the postcards . 
  for aachen : i study there ( although nearly finished now ) , which is why i know the church there and its beauty . 
  having the worst politicians imaginable , i can understand why everyone feels bad being a german . 
  the world cup brought some distraction to this fact . 
  germany : you can take the cologne cathedral which is one of the most impressive buildings in the whole world but you take a boring park which just was awarded unesco in recent years . 
  if you go for a little more unknown stuff , choose the aachen cathedral which was build by charlemagne and was the first unesco site in germany . 
  in a lot of countries the military is responsible for disaster aid and humanitarian aid . 
  it is not that they come in uniforms and with weapons , but in civil clothing and with civil goods . 
  the message did n't mention the gema as it would normally for music videos . 
  it said due to right issues . 
  i think it is preventive blocking of all streams , since the copyright industry went nutshit in germany . 
  blocked in germany , so if you want to watch it from here , you better download a proxy plugin . 
  i use `` hola better internet '' and it works with the uk-proxy . 
  i live in cologne ( 1 million inhabitants ) and from a relative remote suburb ( k\u00f6ln-niehl ) i need just 10 minutes to the train station and the city center . 
  prices are 1.8 for 4 or less stations , 2.8 for a longer trip . 
  daily tickets cost 8 euro . 
  monthly tickets i guess around 26-64 euro ( lower price is in a big company that offers job ticket model , which then needs to be payed by every employee ( solidarity model ) and the higher price is the monthly ticket of a single adult person buzing the ticket independently ) . 
  i as a student ( although i actually graduated right now and start to work soon , but it is still valid till end of semester ) a nrw-ticket for 150 euro / half a year that allows me to take trains in whole north-rhine-westphalia and some border towns of netherlands and belgium for free . 
  we have a small car which is only used for bigger purchases or longer distance trips without a good train connection . 
  we decided to get rid of the car though as soon as it will have a major brake down . 
  then we will rely on renting cars from car sharing companies , which is with minute based payment and can be done without registration . 
  in cologne we have therefore the services of bmw/mini called [ drivenow ] ( https://us.drive-now.com/ ) and the service from daimler/smart called [ car2go ] ( https://www.car2go.com/ ) . 
  both offer parking for free [ ! ], 
  in the city and will soon offer fully electric cars . 
  usually the locally produced cars are used . 
  bmw in munich , mercedes in stuttgard , ford in cologne , vw in lower saxony . 
  guess the others can choose whatever they like . 
  go to hell . 
  and inner mongolia, 
  i was talking about , when a german and a dutch person from those areas make a contact ( e.g. 
  go shopping in vaals or kerkrade ) . 
  of course the people speak their own language while with their peers . 
  i did n't make that clear , though . 
  for the dialect as a mainly cologne person ( study in aachen though since nearly 5 years ) , i have no problem to understand the dialect , so it is indeed very similar . 
  actually the dutch people speak german and the german people the ~ ~ same ~ ~ similar dialect like in cologne ( called ripuarian languages ~ ~ rhineland dialect ~ ~ ) . 
  source : i am from aachen and k\u00f6ln . 
  the scandinavian peninsula is usually norway , sweden and finland . 
  to make clear , that i include denmark , i named it to make it more clear . 
  the netherlands and skandinavian countries ( incl . 
  denmark ) for being so liberal . 
  again , they threw bombs on civillian houses , not on military bases , government buildings or factories . 
  killing civillians is a serious war crime and should be punished by death , but unfortunately the winner or the stronger one makes the rule . 
  this is , why the guys throwing atomic bombs on japanese cities , the guys burning down whole dresden or netanjahu who kills thousands of innocent palastinians are not getting punished . 
  14th july , 16 degree . 
  bitch please . 
  exam about welding technology and application , feel you . 
  do n't make him false hope . 
  he will work with minimum wage , can just rent overpriced flats and is not welcomed at all , if he does n't speak fluently german . 
  voting far right is good , because now the `` normal '' parties that are in power need to adapt their ideas . 
  one of the main ideas is to strictly protect the eu borders . 
  yes , that is true . 
  but there could for example be a law , that says application for asylum need to be filed before entering europe and people are allowed to enter after it is approved . 
  during the application process the people are allowed to stay in eu protected refugee camps . 
  if approved , the people get a ride to europe on a proper ship and if denied , they need to leave the camp and go back home . 
  this would have the following advantages : * people do n't risk their life on the sea * people do n't need to pay for human trafficking * just people with granted asylum can enter europe, 
  living in europe is not a human right . 
  those people put themselves in the risk in the first place , so sending them back is not a violation against human rights . 
   1 ) we can not , most of them would die 2 ) we can not , eu law 3 ) we can not , ever since gaddafi left , sending them back through north africa is not possible . 
  1 ) this can probably be solved by organized transport 2 ) can and should be changed 3 ) putting some ( economic ) pressure on those north african countries always works, 
  this should be made more public in europe , it is the first time i read about it . 
  good thing is , we do not have a land boarder with them . 
  boats can be detected while still in international water and than be captured . 
  the people than should be immediately returned to where they came from . 
  of course , there is no 100 % guarantee for that , but at least they can not dig tunnels . 
  greece / turkish boarder of course is a different story . 
  it is one measure . 
  of course we need to stop people come with the boat in the first place as well . 
  this means working close together with the northern african governments . 
  and maybe some advertisements on the danger of a boat trip , background information of the criminal gangs that do the human trafficking and that africans are not welcomed here . 
  i think the european coastguards should be stricter . 
  all migrants who do not qualify for proper asylum should be deported within a short period of time ( one to two weeks after checking their background ) . 
  if they come a second time , they have to go to jail for 2 years and than are deported afterwards . 
  if people qualify for asylum and the situation in their home country changes ( e.g. 
  a civil war is over ) , they should be brought back and be given a medium amount of money to start new .
