  i never buy frozen fruits or vegetables , because they most likely come from china , which has over 1/3 of its fertile soil contaminated and not suitable for agriculture . 
  however , this soil is still used , and as someone who knows chinese , i would never ever risk me or my family to eat this kind of stuff . 
  a chinese does not think twice if he can make 1 or 2 yuans more , even when poisoning other people . 
  the party `` zentrum '' , which is the predecessor of the cdu voted for hitlers `` erm\u00e4chtigungsgesetz '' . 
  also the part of `` die linke '' which is in eastern germany and therefore predecessor of `` sed '' is the rational part , which even all the others parties concede . 
  for the terrorist : in germany we have the concept of rehabuilitation . 
  if someone was punished and finished his sentence , he should become part of society again . 
  the raf `` terrorists '' where adolescents , which were a little extreme in their actions , but at this time the german police was acting like gestapo and executed student leaders and people they didnt like within the leftist movement . 
  yes , that is a shame . 
  i hope the constitutional court will abandon the 5 % hurdle asap . 
  no , i dont think so . 
  this would actually reactivate a low of the voters which voted spd before but do not vote anymore , cause of resignation with the political system . 
  why do you think the cdu always asks the spd in elections to promise not to make a coalition with `` die linke '' ? 
  as soon as certain ngos know about tricks to delay those `` backsendings '' , they will use it and will flood the immigration authorities with useless applications , trials , etc. , for their own interest . 
  by claiming they have been tortured , an investigation has to go on , which takes a lot of time and blocks ressources ( within the authorities , but also for asylum housing ) . 
  they do not realize that these actions actually hurt real asylum seekers , because they also delay the processes for rightous refugees and because the population project their hatred for economy refugees ( wirtschaftsfl\u00fcchtlinge ) towards the honest refugees eventually . 
   germany needs immigration . 
  germany as one of the richest countries in the world also has a responsibility to help those in need , just like the uk , switzerland , australia , the us ... 
  i think you are missing the word : qualified immigration . 
  we do not need uneducated and illeterate people from africa which come here illegally . 
  we do need a system that allows people with good qualifications to immigrate legally , e.g. 
  a point system like in australia or canada . 
  my girlfriend comes from china and she now has a unlimited `` niederlassungserlaubnis '' , which is the highest form of permit for living and working in germany . 
  she achieved it by working hard , making a master of science in the best german university , speaking really good german within 5 years and working since 3 years here as an engineer ( with the same salary as a german engineer would get ) . 
  those are people who contribute to our society . 
  in germany we already have an unemployment problem for manual labour , because the demand is not as high as the supply of labourers , especially when considering the schengen room with countries like spain , romania , bulgaria , hungary etc. , which have high unemployment and generally a `` cheap '' workforce . 
  by saying we need immigrants without condition , we make the life of people from lower class , which are already in trouble , harder . 
  those people are also the one who can be instrumentalized by nazis or other people with bad purposes ( like criminal gangs ) . 
  it is not a problem at all . 
  i always learn the most basic sentences in a language before travelling there , and when people see the effort i put into it , they are usually more friendly than when i would expect them to speak english . 
  also , i found that people understand english as a second language easier than real english with all its accents ( including me ) . 
  unfortunately yes . 
  i hope middle class will wake up one day and solidarize with lower class against the top 1 % of society . 
  in germany we at least have a voting system , where change is theoretically possible ( unlike us or uk ) . 
  i do not think that for example steinmeier is a bad candidate . 
  he is very close to cdu though , but i hope for a left coalition including `` die linke '' , because that would help to make the spd and gr\u00fcne to move towards left as well . 
  voting cdu is only good for the top 1 % wealthy in our society , but the media convinced the people in middle class that it is best for them as well , despite it is not . 
  the method media uses is to create a conflict between the lower class and the middle class ( key words `` sozialschmarotzer '' , `` hartz 4 - betr\u00fcger '' , etc. ), 
  so middle class can feel superior by voting for conservative parties . 
  meanwhile the rich do not need to work and leech society with income by using their capital . 
  merkel and the cdu are deep in the ass of americans . 
  it is so embarassing to see this as a german . 
  i hope people in germany wake up and let the cdu never ever form the government again . 
  i do not care about a passport , but rather a visum for my girlfriend , which is chinese and has a schengen unlimited settlement permit . 
  however , if we want to go to uk , she needs to pay for example over 100 euro for a visum . 
  traveling is always a hussle , because embassys in germany usually just accept personal visa application ( and personal pickup ) , so it need one week time , and we live in south-west germany , meaning the nearest town with consulates is usually munich , which is not easy to reach as well - . -, 
  thanks for the answer . 
  what is about the 3 islands that are special municipalities ( bonaire , saba , sint eustatius ) ? 
  he means it is used by everyone as a generic name for this kind of product . 
  like searching the internet , everyone would use the word `` to google '' even when using bing or yahoo . 
  in germany we used the word marmelade for every fruit spread as generic . 
  the eu than ruled after a britain initiative that marmelade needs to have citrus fruits as main ingredient ( e.g. 
  now we just use another word for it on the packaging `` konfit\u00fcre '' although everyone would still say marmelade in spoken language , e.g. 
  strawberry marmelade ( erdbeermarmelade ) . 
  i do not see any problem with a changing of names , especially when the intention of the us to imitate european products , but do not follow under the strict regulation those regions have for their products . 
  why not use parmesan cheese for cheese from parma and `` parmesan style cheese '' for this type of cheese produced somewhere else ? 
  do the dutch carribeans completely belong to the schengen area in regard of travelling and visum ? 
  and why is saint martin spelled french and not dutch ? 
  the perceived hostility by greece against germany will actually backlash . 
  germans are the biggest group of tourists with 2.5 millions every year . 
  in 2012 , when greece was already burning germany flags during demonstrations , the number declined by 30 % . 
  i think now , the decline will be even stronger , since the hostility rises and there are other uncertainties ( e.g. 
  money from atms , supply in supermarkets/restaurants/hotels , etc. ) . 
  me and my girlfriend also decided against a greece vacation this year and now go to travel within germany and to france instead . 
  edit : besides , i do n't think we should care about our image that much . 
  in professional life , as a manager one has to do unpopular decision and enforce things that maybe makes some employees unhappy , but are neccessary in the long term . 
  this is also a reason why the us is so unpopular , but eventually it most of the times acts within its interest . 
  i wish , germany would have handled the greece issue more strict in the beginning , but the problem was always delayed further and firther and now the debts are completely at the european tax payer instead of the banks . 
  streisand effect already took place . 
  i would never ever have heard of this kind of map , if there was n't that deleting discussion ( i also think deleting is wrong , since any information as long as not protected by law ( e.g. 
  private information ) should not be illegal or censored ) . 
  i , despite being in favor of a more strict approach towards refugees/mass immigration , wuold never take illegal actions against those homes . 
  however , now that everyone who read a newspaper or went on a news site the past days knows about this map and can easily find it . 
  even when there is a really small percentage of violent people , this discussion leads to more attacks than without this discussion . 
  especially when considering how easy it is to download the map data at google and there are definitely a lot of copys of this map already . 
  are there any ( unbiased ) statistics about rape crimes by refugees ? 
  i would like the idea of a europe of regions , which is mentioned here in the thread . 
  there could be a nordic union ( skandinavia , denmark maybe estonia ) , a german union ( netherlands , austria , belgium ( flandern ) , luxemburg , south tyrol , maybe liechtenstein and switzerland if they want ) , mediterranian union ( france , spain , porrtugal , italy , greece ) and a east european union ( all remaining countries ) . 
  i do n't know where uk would fit in , but i would not miss them if they are not part of eu anyway , since they seem like being a dog of us , which constantly tries to sabotage all other countries . 
  ireland i also dont know , but mainly because they are too conservative to fit in northern or german union . 
  every union could have its own currency which should be easily exchanged without fees and for a fix rate . 
  this rate is than up to debate every quarter/half year based on the economic data . 
  edit : germany is of course in the german union . 
  i used the name , because all those countries speak a dialect of the same germanic language . 
  so name it germanic union if you like . 
  what a hippocrat for not buying cars from greece oems . 
  worldwide , they also operate in us and australia quite successful . 
  it is insensitive . 
  the problem is that american shootings have way more fatalities than other countries , cause they are too fat to miss them . 
  i think we should adapt the australian policy . 
  people who illegally immigrant and do not fall under the asylum right , should get absolutely 0 chance to live in europe . 
  for the people who are real refugees , should get official transport from africa towards europe and based on their situation should get a temporary or permanent residancy in europe . 
  for the decision they should build camps or small towns at africas coast which are protected and where the people can live for the time it needs to make a decision . 
  the decision itself should be made fast and strictly following the regulations . 
  i am tired of discussing with capitalist extremists here . 
  it doesnt make any sense , since all of you repeat the same lame arguments everytime , which are inculated into you by the press of the system . 
  please use your brains and you will see that you are just wrong . 
  the murderer was covered by the police and the attorneys , so they were not innocent by definition . 
  bankers kill thousands of people everyday , they are not innocent . 
  capitalist live on the back of hard working people , like kings before .
