quite simple actually . 
  your country is not threatened by war - stay in your own fucking country . 
  `` but it 's a shithole ! '', 
  or `` i do n't like it because not nuff money ! '', 
  - not our problem , you have a government , cry to them . 
  but actually there 's a much better solution . 
  your flair reminded me - australia , right ? 
  your solution = the best solution - close the fucking borders , turn back the boats , go home . 
  problem solved . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/dofjcmb ) and i will not even bother showing the really poor regions aka the actual ghetto . 
  i think university of manchester wins the title `` dumbest retards of the century '' . 
  this year they [ banned ] ( http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2015/oct/7/milo-yiannopoulos-julie-bindel-banned-from-uk-univ/ ) milo yiannopoulos and the f\u00fchrer of the feminazi gestapo julie bindel from - get this - discussion on censorship . 
  so basically they censored people from talking against censoring people . 
  you ca n't make this shit up . 
  tbh the united nations is n't really seen as all that important by many in the world . 
  but for some reason , still carries weight . 
  and is able to make stupid ass decisions for all of us ... 
  like i said , it 's just one of the many examples . 
  and again - if it is so insignificant how the hell it reached the united nations ? 
  and google conferences . 
  and is in the national media such as washington post ? 
  bbc , cnn , the guardian ... granted , it affects not so many people . 
  but it 's been blown out of proportion for sensationalism . 
  it seems like it is , considering two of the ... `` victims of online violence '' were talking to the damn united nations and proselytizing to google . 
  for the last time : #islam . 
  not . 
  race . 
  it 's a bit different in europe . 
  basically the further west you go - the more pc it gets . 
  the further east - less pc . 
  not saying that us , the eastern europeans are better or something . 
  it 's just that reality is a bit different . 
  in the eastern countries we 're kinda busy with ... you know ... getting food on the table , paying the bills , piss poor economy thanks to decades of hardcore communism and massively corrupt politicians ( that still applies ) . 
  basically people have actual problems and ca n't waste time on first world problems and be careful not to `` hurt someone 's feelings '' . 
  i can give you an example . 
  i am a strong gamergate supporter and i 'm with it since day one , but only because i 'm involved in gaming in general . 
  on the other hand my country is literally unaware of this issue which is * massive * in the west , especially in america . 
  there are literally 4 tweets in my native language mentioning gg . 
  and even these tweets are just mocking the `` issue '' simply because there are far more important issues irl than gaming . 
  this is just one example . 
  but generally that 's what is happening in europe . 
  madness like #blacklivesmatter and student 's protests to protect their `` safe spaces '' and `` feelings '' and the `` right not to be offended '' and `` ban free speech '' - nothing like this is happening in eastern europe . 
  therefore the media has nothing to report and nobody caress to be `` politically correct '' because no one actually complains about that . 
  in uk however , it 's getting closer and closer to the us levels of insanity . 
  i guess when you 're actually privileged , living in a first world country with good economy , relatively financially secure , the only problems you have are pretty much laughable compared to the actual struggle of people who work 12 hours a day just to put some food on the table for their family . 
  but yea , it 's getting a bit more pc every day because of the refugees drama , which basically concerns all of europe . 
  but the pc nonsense comes mainly from germany and sweden since they have become so absurdly pc , it kinda makes me wan na vomit ... 
  ####### triggered !, 
  this is very interesting , please tell me more . 
  who 's crying ? 
  shit ... not many options - either ignorant or islamophobe ... 
  some choices !, 
   they want terror , we respond with culture that is stronger than ignorance . 
  i 'm pretty sure a statue ca n't do as much damage as an ak-47 tho ... 
  this is such a piece of garbage ... not surprised considering it 's done by eurostat who are obviously eu statistics bitch . 
  `` stateless person '' ... `` unknown '' ... would be more believable if `` unknown '' was actually on top but hey , that will screw the eu narrative propagated by the mass media that most of the refugees are in fact syrian . 
  and yea , let 's throw in a bunch of european countries , including russia ( topkek ... ) to show everyone that even europeans are doing it . 
  which is nonsense considering most europeans in this chart are what is known as `` economic migrants '' or as the normal people refer to it `` someone who wants a better fucking job '' and are travelling completely legally between the countries . 
  they 're literally saying that a serbian who goes to work in uk is considered a `` refugee '' . 
  and they 're grouping them in the same boat with the war refugees and illegal immigrants from the middle east and african countries that have nothing to do with war and are not threatened in any way by isis but are just exploiting eu stupidity . 
  such a marvelous piece of statistical propaganda ... 
  it 's more likely for them to convert to judaism rather than stop hating them ... have fun , merkel , fundamentalist muslims are famous with their rationality , compromise and co-existing with people they hate for centuries . 
  while you 're at it , you might as well teach them to eat pork . 
  edit : why are eu leaders turning into such clowns ? 
  dafuq is wrong with them ... 
  ummm ... why is turkey `` buying '' them ? 
   americans yep , that explains it ... 
   such acts , which must be christian in nature , could discriminate against other religions . 
  oh , so this is the problem . 
  that this will discriminate against other religions ? 
  not that religions should have no place in schools whatsoever , just because it 's discriminatory against other religions . 
  there are about ~ 4,200 religions in the world , you have a problem . 
  or we can act as rational human beings in 21st century and leave education in school and religions in churches ... ` scuse me , mosques and temples too , would n't want to discriminate against `` other '' religions , right ? 
  nothing is good about that . 
  it 's just political manipulation . 
  what it actually says is `` congratulations , german citizens , what we 're saying is that you have another 21 billion eur coming out of your pockets and taxes '' . 
  and the weasel words `` education '' and `` feed '' are included only to play with the compassion and empathy of the people `` oh , look at the poor , hungry refugees , ofc we agree to spend billions on these poor people . '', 
  when the reality is in fact that most of these people are not war refugees at all , most of them do n't want to work at all , since europeans are paying for pretty much all their needs , most of them do n't * want * education , they just create their own communities and slowly islamize entire cities like it 's happening in sweden , where you have towns where the actual swedes are the minority . 
  and then you have saudi arabia laughing at germany and entire europe and spitting in our faces , mocking us with an offer to build 200 mosques in germany because , brace yourself , germany - `` our people '' do n't need your western education and integration - they need only the prophet muhammad and they will get it . 
  in germany . 
  so instead of giving you the money for 200 mosques which will cost hundreds of millions if not billions of eur - we gon na integrate germany into the islam , not the other way around ... and the eu is just sitting there doing nothing and taking it in the ass . 
  well , the wealthy politicians that have n't seen a single war refugee in their entire life , but make `` important '' decisions about the migrant crisis , are not taking it in the ass . 
  the european average taxpayer is taking it in the ass . 
  and now you have a 21 billion eur dildo ready to penetrate the asses of the regular german taxpayer . 
  not only that , a lot of them demand sharia law in the countries they are going to ... 
  i remember couple of cases in my country ( bulgaria ) but there are probably a lot more . 
  one of them was a dude with 3 legal wives and 23 kids ... 
  the other was with 2 legal wives and 6 kids . 
  now , i say `` legal '' because it 's legal in their countries . 
  however , the law in our countries is a bit different you know ... one husband gets one wife , duh ... 
  so we had issue registering him in the country since the papers only contain one place where you can write the name of your one wife . 
  and the thing is that iirc he was just like `` meh , it 's your problem , solve it '' . 
  as if we 're obliged to change our laws because these people breed like rabbits and each one of them has personal `` legal '' harem . 
  to which i say - fuck you . 
  if you do n't like how our laws operate , what the fuck are you doing in our countries ? 
  sorry , we wo n't change our laws so you can marry a dozen virgins . 
  you do n't like it ? 
  there 's the door , sayonara . 
   `` just as we respect the local traditions , customs , laws and religion of britain , we expect britain to grant us this same respect . '', 
  newsflash , mr.
