  it easily took care of everything i threw at it . 
  * send a weird snap with 1 second duration *, 
  * replay *, 
  * screenshot *, 
  ... lifetime trust issues ... 
  they will probably fix it ... if not then they dun goofed . 
  most allah name ever . 
  i want to lick spencer 's shirt xoxo, 
  no it was gordon . 
  t sided map : / / / pls nerf, 
  i love justin bieber, 
  / r/niggers, 
  rip, 
  i left wp a few months ago . 
  no ragrets . 
  pls no downvoterino pasterino grammarino nazirino, 
  gone sexual, 
   shitposting your own shitposts, 
  haha  ), 
   lithuania, 
  did n't know we were weeaboos fuck, 
  designated, 
  i do n't even like bmw just fyi, 
   be a fat faggot, 
   see a greentext about the dude who was humming some isis song at work, 
   months later, 
   it 's time, 
   get my sweaty as on 4chin and in 7 hours finally finish my greentext piece of shit, 
   cap and post on favorite site reddit, 
  watching dragon ball super, 
  it will probably lead me to commiting suicide, 
  only burglars and vampires creep around after dark . 
  so which are you ? 
  he never died, 
  what the fuck did you just fucking say about me , you little bitch ? 
  i 'll have you know i graduated top of my class in the navy seals , and i 've been involved in numerous secret raids on al-quaeda , and i have over 300 confirmed kills . 
  i am trained in gorilla warfare and i 'm the top sniper in the entire us armed forces . 
  you are nothing to me but just another target . 
  i will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this earth , mark my fucking words . 
  you think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the internet ? 
  think again , fucker . 
  as we speak i am contacting my secret network of spies across the usa and your ip is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm , maggot . 
  the storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life . 
  you 're fucking dead , kid . 
  i can be anywhere , anytime , and i can kill you in over seven hundred ways , and that 's just with my bare hands . 
  not only am i extensively trained in unarmed combat , but i have access to the entire arsenal of the united states marine corps and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent , you little shit . 
  if only you could have known what unholy retribution your little `` clever '' comment was about to bring down upon you , maybe you would have held your fucking tongue . 
  but you could n't , you did n't , and now you 're paying the price , you goddamn idiot . 
  i will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it . 
  you 're fucking dead , kiddo . 
  changing the sound file to allahuakbar.wav makes it better tbh fam, 
  he was banned before my own eyes , 
  say my name say my name, 
  grab the auto 5, 
  w e w, 
  i hope the yearly projection is true , 
  kill yourself, 
  you have a face, 
  i 'd rather yolo it, 
  get rich ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ laid * or die tryin, 
  cod, 
  [ am i doing it right ? 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/qoiwpy-6vf4 ), 
  easy . 
  demolition ranch and vet ranch, 
  haha and now i 'm doing the same to you : ^ ), 
  wow as if this hasnt been posted enough times already, 
  dreads !, 
  i just posted in this thread and in a couple of hours it just happened, 
  knowing that most lesbians weigh as much as one forester i 'd choose the first option . 
  same, 
  i surrender, 
  people in hiroshima and nagasaki are still getting cancer to this day, 
  never gon na give you doot, 
  never gon na let you doodoodoot, 
  never gon na run around and doot doot you, 
  as i said , it wo n't turn on no matter what . 
  i tried holding down the power button for over a minute , tried to get into recovey and all the other button combos --, 
  holy mother of god as i was typing all this i went and tried to turn it on for like the 80th time and it just turned on as usual and still has 11 % left . 
  i have no idea what happened but i hope it doesnt happen again, 
  solved ^ ^ ^ for ^ ^ ^ now, 
   come to shoot up school, 
   some beta fag like me starts doing it first, 
   shoot him, 
   savetheday.wav, 
   transcend to alpha, 
   literally school hero, 
  i mean the 20 minutes part was okay : ^ ), 
   my wife 's son, 
  fuck still gets me everytime, 
   trump wants to deport that, 
  around blacks never relax, 
  jeez i wonder who, 
  no fine for you imo, 
  assuming there is air resistance the fall will be much much longer ... 
  uh hello ??!, 
  you ca n't call water dyhidrogen monoxide just because it has 2 hydrogen and 1 oxygen atoms in the current year !, 
  it 's 2016 damnit my molycules do n't determine my scientific names and all that . 
  it 's just racist , transphobic and rape culture . 
  all white men need to die .
