i 'd +1 you if i knew how lol, 
  edit : hooray i figured it out, 
  that riperino knife dern sure did some work.dern sure . 
  globally offensive 2 : offend harder, 
  i got into the foos after '' the pretender '' music video came out . 
  i saw it on mtv and instantly got obsessed with the song and the video.i even bought a new phone with 5mb of memory just so i could have the music video on it . 
  oh and i was like just 9 years old :d foo fighters are probably the main reason i started playing guitar . 
  i 've got a prestigio tablet . 
  it was pretty good but i 've been having problems with sd card lately . 
  i do n't trust prestigio 100 % though, 
  i did, 
  that 's the only 8400 advantage - the camera . 
  i agree with trasteby , nokia has better support . 
  i do n't think the prestigio will get windows 9 or whatevz ( just like my tablet got only 1 android update ), 
  as for ebay , i ca n't buy from abroad and i ca n't find any refurbished phones in my country . 
  getting a used phone would probably be better but i just don t want to buy a '' cat in a bag '' . 
  i still do n't get it . 
  how do carriers screw up?what if there 's no carrier ? 
  if i had a `` one of a kind '' chinese phone , it would still get all the updates ? 
  sorry i 'm just a newb, 
  t.hanks !, 
  with 10 front cameras taking 10 selfies at the same time and uploading to 10 different social media profiles you can connect with people from 10 continents of the earth . 
  but wait , there 's more blahblah10blah . 
  and you can get all this for only 10.10 $ . 
  call 101-0101, 
  do n't you mean tendrive ? 
  edit :, 
  i was too slow :'(, 
  this is one huge sub-reddit, 
  so , could it be that the prestigio wo n't be upgradable to a newer windows os or will have less stuff which are exclusive to lumias or smth like '' lumia camera '' ? 
  will blu , micromax and other small brands get windows upgrades , how 's the support ? 
  did you get it ? 
  if i buy an unknown brand phone , will i be able to upgrade windows ? 
  are there any advantages/disadvantages of buying an unknown brand windows phone compared to nokia , htc ? 
  thanks.i 'm having a damn hard time choosing between prestigio 8400 and lumia 530 :(, 
  115 euros maximum ( that 's how much the 530 dual sim costs here ) . 
  i do n't want to buy a pricier phone since i never had a windows phone before but the 530 would be a dern sure good upgrade from my barely working galaxy mini . 
  i 'm probably going to order it next week . 
  edit : not . 
  edit : maybe, 
  goddamnit i do n't even know which one should i buy :(, 
  yeah , the prestigio has everything that 530 has + slightly better camera , front camera , flash , better battery , ips screen and costs just a little less but lumias just look more reliable . 
  i spent like 5hours today comparing them , looking for other lumias , but i think i 'm gon na say f it and buy the cheap-ass prestigio ... only to try out wp8 .1 . 
  or lumia 530, 
  guys , even 520 will get windows 10 . 
  illuminati, 
  if only 630 had a ffc ... i 'd go buy it right now :'(, 
  meanwhile where i live it would be about 28k ;(, 
  '' ... i would be so piss '' lol, 
  `` when bae keeps laughing into her horrible-ass mic '', 
  how did someone dare to downvote you !, 
  gudbai 3 tha ppl who h8ed on mee, 
  d4nny is love, 
  d4nny is life, 
  ^ the truth, 
  i said no h8 no need to downvote me for that shit darn, 
  asshole, 
  down some mooaaaarr, 
  83 % not bad, 
  '' needs more x-plosions '', 
  10/10 ign michelle bae, 
  i know it 's michael bay, 
  the 625 has a significantly slower cpu , 199ppi screen and does n't have sensorcore , on the other hand it can record in 1080p and has a ffc , a little bigger screen and a camera button.tough choice . 
  i 'm actually planning to buy a 625 or a 630 , but ca n't decide . 
  i think it 's out of his price range . 
  the higher model 's first number , the better . 
  the higher second number , the newer . 
  not all new phones are 100 % better than the old ones . 
  ( that 's only my thoughts , i can be wrong :d ), 
  did beary evolve or did the girl just devolve ? 
  accidentaly long post, 
  need to hide some `` ero '' shots ? 
  i 'm gon na rip myself in half : <, 
  camera on the 625 is not great itself , but at least it 's something :d i 'm like 68 % sure i 'm gon na go with the 625 . i 'm starting to think it 's worth sacrificing some speed , clearblack display and sensorcore for front facing camera , a flash and full hd recording ... and a bigger screen ... and features like double tap to wake , 
  wow i dern sure got downvoted, 
  rekt, 
  it 's bad unless it 's a selfie :d, 
  lumia 625 costs the same and has more features . 
  the only cons are the display and cpu which is not amazing but you 're not planning to play much games , i think 625 would be a better choice . 
  ( it 's only a bit slower than 630 ), 
  i saw a few people using 1gb ram games and apps on 512mb ram devices . 
  how do they do that ? 
  please do n't, 
  i finally got my 625 yesterday . 
  it 's my first wp and i 'm loving it . 
  people were shitting on it 's screen , but it is so much better than i expected . 
  the lumia 530 looks like a nice phone too but lacks many useful features . 
  but you just could n't compare it to lagdroids in the same price range lol, 
  well stuff like glance , double tap to wake , nfc . . i do n't know :d 530 has bare minimum amount of things . 
  it is basically a windows phone you should buy first , then upgrade to a better lumia if you like the os ( maybe ) . 
  and you got it just for 39 $ which is super low for a phone like that . 
  it is a great phone ( for the price . ), 
  but still 530 does n't have autofocus , ffc , flash , ips screen and stuff , 
  oh my god you too !, 
  i h8 u all m8s, 
  it says it 's unavailable in my region now :(, 
  i 'm probably going to try that later . 
  oh and if i get cortana with a different region , does it/she stay after i change back ? 
  `` get good '' - kratos , 2014, 
  ze said he was thinking about leaving , but there was no point doing that because he still would do stuff with them if they 'd approach him or something like that .
