  / u/combo997 for being the best guy ever, 
  it 's like telling someone to quit reddit ... or youtube ... or facebook ... 
  at first i liked them but they started to spam the same shit on all of their channels and now i do n't ... i bet there are like a million `` zombie james '' by now, 
  i am really really mad right nowwww . 
  i just got my account locked permanently even though i have n't used 6snap since the last warning which was like 5 or more days ago . 
  i only used snapchat on my other phone which has android . 
  i am so mad !, 
  all my contacts and score deleted . 
  i hope snapchat either makes the app available for wp till christmas or get hacked or whatever . 
  what was your username ? 
  is that the username or are you just happy to see me ? 
  sometimes i ca n't get into the app store . 
  it shows some kind of error and says go to xbox.com or something . 
  why ? 
  that was a real emotion rollercoaster right there , lads !, 
  well obviously snapchat, 
  now let 's send them our resumes with first names `` make a fucking windows phone app '', 
  * instant flashback of sly breaks friends series *, 
  first key second to last case ftw, 
  ze for president 2014, 
  i mean 2015, 
  or just '' anal rippage '', 
  well you got rekt karma wise, 
  we can only hope he visits the office some day, 
  wow this is amazing :d, 
  `` no you did n't no you did n't '', 
  how many steak n shake gift cards have you used by now ? 
  ... and what is the feeling of getting a shit knife ? 
  this needs to be done, 
  gaben - final boss, 
  who 's jame ? 
  i do n't need it, 
  i do n't need it, 
  i do n't need it, 
  i need it, 
  damn dude, 
  i just now realised what you meant by `` wh - '' ... i thought it meant '' whore '' or something 16 hours ago ... 
  it 's because that guy thinks the other guy is the guy in the picture ( james ) and that guy basically says that the guy ( james ) looks like some guy, 
  '' the snapper '', 
  i just think that there should be 5 people , not 4 . 
  mr. - ism is sp00n, 
  first time i got a reminder was like :, 
  phone : `` it 's john mcjohnson 's birthday tomorrow '', 
  me : `` who the hell is that guy !, 
  how can you know this !, 
  why are you telling me that !! '', 
  * cancel *, 
  uncle j. thomas kalashnikowski jr. 
  i just hate the free version of spotify for phones ... you can only shuffle songs ... for tablets and pc it 's way better . 
  damage taken `` geralt of meowia '' -32, 
  dead rising 2, 
  lost games do n't matter . 
  i won 10/11 my first matches and got a silver iv . 
  then i should be like a fucking gold diamond noca champion master chief guardian, 
  it 's 10:30 pm here and i have 2 tests tomorrow ... and i did not study at all . 
  jams pls y u do dis noca, 
  i am the law, 
  finally i can snap again . 
  i hope my 2nd accound wo n't get blocked, 
  the ` stache , 
  ooww so many memories, 
  * pinches / u/jeskid14 too *, 
  who farts the most in the office ? 
  i betted 3 dollars worth of skins ( that 's pretty expensive for me lol ) and won . 
  started from the bottom now we 're here . 
  from 0,05 to 10,00 +, 
  dick chappy death montage, 
  oh shit , seamus deserves a nobel prize for that one, 
  lol let 's collect money and buy him a factory new statrak butterfly knife fade :d, 
  3 cruel 5 me, 
  it 's jeamus and there was slypkc, 
  ... * i wan na be the very best *, 
  drunk dex on crt talk pls, 
  gorilla shit is too boring ... we need some cow shit, 
  triple swindle !!!!, 
  damn dude, 
  i do n't need it, 
  i do n't need it, 
  i definetely do n't need it, 
  i need it !!, 
  i feel your pain . 
  i bought a 625 and after like 2 months the 535 was already available in the store much cheaper ... 
  edit : no.jpg, 
  ( sorry for the overused pun ), 
  you got ta be yolking, 
  time flies, 
  why did you reply to me, 
  dan got blessed by the creator, 
  i think it 's gon na get delayed at least once, 
  and 4rd is ford, 
  cmon guys, 
  the hell is wrong with you, 
  why would n't they accept gifts ? 
  they 've been entertaining the fans for years and this is a very good way to pay them back, 
  besides , if the fans can afford to send katanas and stuff , why not ? 
  `` the forever alone tennis '' : dd, 
  * and * they * gon na let it burn burn burn burn * they * gon na let it burn burn burn burn *, 
  intern joe is the size of the artist joe 's beard, 
  adonbilivit, 
  pallet-man new creature confirmed,
