  of course there is a lot of right wing violence as well ... but in this instance i do not really see them as the main issue . 
  to be fair though . . the imf as a money organization probably is one of the high risk targets at the g20 with all the left wing demonstrations etc, 
  it would be great if germany also would not give them the special gun permissions which such delegations usually get . 
  it would probably a rather harsh diplomatic insult to have them rely on german police when it comes to that . 
  as far as the press goes , so far all permission requests for the g20 have been granted . 
  but turkey has not yet handed in their request . 
  as things are now i 'd say chances for a cdu / fdp coalition are not too slim . 
  [ while transferwise will keep its global headquarters in london , it will be setting up a new european headquarters as a result of brexit . 
  locations like dublin , berlin , barcelona , and paris will all likely be considered ] ( http://www.businessinsider.de/transferwise-new-europe-hq-brexit-fintech-brain-drain-2017-4?r=uk&amp;ir=t ), 
  you could also reverse this though . 
  other countries in the eu do not care about solidarity when it inconveniences them ... but suddenly in this case they start whining about a lack of solidarity from germany . 
  actually there is video / photos of one of his sons and two grand children knocking on her door today , trying to talk to her ... and waiting . . and nobody opening despite her seemingly being there , until a police officer comes by and tells him he has to leave due her wanting them to stay away from the house . 
  but what is gen6 ? 
  as far as i understand it the definitions are kind of not official anyway ... gen5 seems to imply that the jets are heavily networked / integrated ( not even that much focus on stealth for that definition , although that seems to be a favoritee topic online ) . 
  this new european jet would also include those features . 
  i think i once read that gen6 would be unmanned jets ... but i assume we are still quite a bit away from that ( when it comes to more complex combat missions , air combat , evasion etc ), 
  did n't a romanian state company already sign contracts with rheinmetall half a year ago to set up a joint venture in order to produce a romanian version of the boxer ? 
  that should be for the same 8x8 procurement program . 
  i guess it was not final then . 
  the family thing would be difficult in case of helmut kohl as he and his sons refused to talk to each other for years . 
  also his first wife died years ago and his second wife generally is considered to be kind of a bitch who was very controlling of him when he was not really able anymore to be independent due to his health . 
   do n't ask me why people hate things that people like . 
  nope , both were . 
  merkel was born in hamburg . 
  her family moved to the east a few weeks after she was born . 
  * estonia , 
  i guess they could still produce a scandal for an unwanted candidate . 
  like the emails with macron ... but now the media would not ignore this but amplify it . 
  it seems they still could be . 
  [ the 10 north sea countries did agree ] ( https://www.rijksoverheid.nl/binaries/rijksoverheid/documenten/convenanten/2016/06/06/political-declaration-on-energy-cooperation-between-the-north-seas-countries/political-declaration-on-energy-cooperation-between-the-north-seas-countries.pdf ) to work together on increasing offshore wind last year . 
  now these three put a number on it - but they will ask the other 7 countries to join them . 
  what if he made a hole into the top of the bucket ? 
  technically it would not cover his head and should not be a hat anymore . 
  it would be more like a very tall metal scarf at that point . 
  they renamed the whole company to airbus a few years ago . . before that airbus was just the civilian planes of eads . 
  nah for ( v ) dsl this has been the case for a long time ... but cable providers said that it was different for cable and refused to allow third party options there which is why the law came in effect . 
  i think avm ( fritzbox ) should be by far the most popular here ( besides the oem stuff from the providers ) , also since it is a german company . 
  most of the other brands probably are the same as in north america though ( asus , tp-link , zyxel , cisco etc ), 
  until recently though you could not buy your own cable modems ( but i 've got vdsl , so that did not affect me ) . 
  the providers had a variety of different excuses for that ( too complicated , no one really wants their own cable modems anyway etc ) but last august a new law was passed forcing all providers to give customers a choice . 
  you are - source : have telekom as provider and my own modem . 
  or mix both systems as another option . 
  germany has both proportional and fptp - every voter just gets two votes - one for each system and the parliament is made up half of proporional and half of fptp representatives . 
  yes , that would be the kurds of turkish origin plus a few others . 
  it was may herself who said that in case she would lose more than 6 seats . 
  so either she sticks to her word . . or it 's another u-turn ... which probably would not contribute to her popularity and the whole `` strong and stable '' talk . 
  in addition one could argue the seats were lost due to her personally ( what she said and did ) and not the party at large . 
  so arguing that this should have consequences for her are fitting i think . 
  oh i forgot about that one . . now i 'll probably remember it for the next few days, 
  i guess this would be the domestic issue - you have to sell the toll to the people . 
  and the peoplke do not want to sell more . . so theey have to re-assure them that they will not sell more and that there is this offset . 
  ( though as i mentioned above - i would assume that in a few years either the toll or the tax go up again , so in the end it will cost more ) . 
  more ? 
  [ bl\u00fcmchen - bicycle race ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zjwikmxuyeq ) [ bl\u00fcmchen - blaue augen ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=me4pzcufiwe ) had to think for 5 minutes before i remembered her name ... she had quite a few big hits back then . 
  those ones as well : [ e-rotic - max do n't have sex with your ex ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=387piivjt4s&amp;list=pleu5gkba0k3vkrulxsmf6luttj5lnvifm ) [ e-rotic - fred come to bed ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b9swaapalfg&amp;list=pleu5gkba0k3vkrulxsmf6luttj5lnvifm&amp;index=2 ), 
  i guess `` not southern europe '' would be a better term than `` northern europe '' , 
  my opinion on this is that in general the toll should be okay , including the offsetting of the toll with a lower car tax for germans . 
  austria and other countries complain that germans this way have an advantage andthat it is not fair ... but looking at car taxes in austria for example it seems that the car tax there alreadyis much lower than the german tax . 
  if it was about fairness and austria wants germany to not offset the toll . . then austria would also have to increase their car tax in the name of fairness . 
  though besides that in general of course the toll plan in itself is not so great and it would be good if it did not happen . . primarily because i think that while it would now be cost neutral for germans due to the offset i imagine them increasing the cost over time ( which would be the reason why they now accept the toll plan despite forecasts not seeing any profits with the current plans ) . 
  i agree the first things to do are common procurement and common training . 
  this already would save a lot of money ideally and increase interoperability . 
  common administration , logistics , maintainence , supplies , medical services etc would be a next step that should also be doable without sacrificing too much sovereignty while still providing a lot of advantages for everyone . 
  the numbers might be exaggerated . . but i certainly believe that there is more than one reader per copy . 
  be it the family that shares the paper in the morning , the office or work collegues who share it during the day , or the copy in the waiting room at a doctor , the copies in the shop that people might not buy , but where they flick a few pages etc. . . 
  while newspapers get less popular . . and you can see the decline in those numbers quite well - you also have to keep in mind that on average one newspaper is read by multiple people . 
  for example bild which is the biggest tabloid in germany has a circulation of only 1.6 m copies per day , but a reach of almost 10m people . 
  i would assume that it is similar in the uk although maybe a bit lower due to the bigger number of tabloids . 
  i guess the trick would be to harmonize the requirements and reduce the number of different versions . 
  at least ideally this should be one of the aims . 
  i guess a large part of those meetings are by intra-european organizations, 
  schlacht can work fine as an exaggeration for especially tough 1 on 1 fights . 
  for example in boxing schlacht is used quite a bit to describe fights . 
  they have more than one category, 
   the largest drop in score is recorded by poland , driven by a deterioration in the intensity of organised internal conflict and likelihood of violent demonstrations . 
  several of the policies enacted by the government of the right-wing pis party , which took power in 2015 , have led to growing tensions between liberal and socially conservative values , resulting in public protests . 
  an aldi ( s\u00fcd ) near me recently has been renovated ... and it honestly looks quite nice now , though the tile floor still is the same so not the nicest . 
  but the shelves and walls etc now look proper . 
  they even have some gound level boards to somewhat hide the pallets now . 
  at least for three of the four this is somewhat explained in the linked texts : - [ futura ] the uppercase characters present proportions similar to those of classical roman capitals . 
  - named after 16th century italian master of calligraphy giambattista palatino , palatino is based on the humanist types of the italian renaissance - optima was inspired by classical roman capitals and the stonecarving on renaissance-period tombstones zapf saw in florence on a 1950 holiday to italy . 
  well , how about a recent example from two weeks ago ? 
   eu nations agreed on friday on new draft rules for car approvals despite opposition from germany , eu sources said , in a bid to prevent a repeat of the volkswagen ( vowg_p . de ) emissions cheating scandal . 
   under the draft text agreed by member states , seen by reuters , the european commission would be allowed to impose fines of up to 30,000 euros ( $ 32,613 ) per vehicle on manufacturers who cheat the system . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-germany-emissions-iduskbn1881ot ) [ this article ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/datablog/2015/nov/02/is-uk-winner-or-loser-european-council ) even shows that germany number two country when it comes to losing / abstaining from votes behind the uk in the 2009 - 2015 timeframe ( though that only is 5.4 % of the votes ) . 
  i guess the perception that germany is always getting what they want stems from germany being the country most often having the opposite stance from the uk and the uk being the only country that loses more often than germany . . combined with the fact that most of europe reads the english press complaining about that , but non-english press having less exposure . 
   what ? 
  seriously ? 
  * newsthump is a satirical and spoof news website , taking a daily swipe at current affairs from the uk and around the world . 
  except it is known that merkel barely works at this desk and prefers the meeting table which is situated right next to the camera position - so with the tv facing in that direction . 
  oh , you are right . . another one of the false friends as `` sensibel '' in german is sensitive in english . 
  i guess they are aware of that . 
  there is a designated secure room in the center of the chancellery without any windows etc for the sensitive discussions . 
  there are two main subs for germany on reddit : / r/germany is the english-speaking sub , primarily used by expats living in germany . 
  / r/de is the german-speaking sub . 
  spain seems to have the same setup with / r/spain and / r/es for turkey and the netherlands it seems to be just one primary sub each , so it is more mixed . 
  depends . 
  my grandfather went into a retirement home after living with us for a few years . 
  but our house had a lot of stairs so it was difficult for him to move around in the house , plus it was small town / medium sized village , so not much to do for him . 
  the retirement home was in a bigger city , close to the city center and allowed him to be more active again .
