  so when it was time to vote he might have confused it . 
  well . . that was the original joke i guess . 
  as for your question . 
  i think intuition has not that much to do with ancient history . 
  intuition is something personal based on your own experiences . 
  neither of us experienced greece at the height of their culture when the language was far more widespread . 
  i mean you can point at a car and ask an english speaking person `` what is this thing called ? '', 
  and they will tell you that it is a car ... and few will go for the older , more original term automobile because it is just not that widespread and common anymore . 
  it is rather unimportant for how long it existed . 
  it 's more important that now a lot of languages use an `` n-word '' for no . . and at least amongst the bigger languages i found greek is the only one using an `` n-word '' for yes . 
  because in a lot of languages the word for no starts with an `` n '' . 
  if you pay all your taxes you get steam cards . 
  that could be the solution to the greek tax collection problem . 
  well you can go there of course , but i think for stuff like a church wedding , babtisms or a burial on a church cementry you need to be registered . 
  plus there are things like church run kindergardens where your chances are better to find a place for your kid if you are member of the church . 
  same with jobs in church run businesses like hospitals , homes for the elderly or disabled people etc. . . though of course officially this hould not play a role but in reality it probably has some influence on your chances . 
  if you are catholic , protestant or jewish . . and at least one state theoretically muslim you pay a tax to the church ... the state just collects that tax for the churches . 
  the theoretical muslim is because in the state of hesse muslims have achieved the status of an official religion which allows them to have such taxes collected through the state among other things ... but they declined to do so as they want to be financed by donations and so on . 
  yeah with an average of about 22 work days per month and 8 hour work days the minimum wage would be around $ 1496 in germany . 
  this leaves about $ 1088 after taxes and mandatory insurances ( if you are single ) ( or if you are non-catholic and non-protestant $ 1096 as you do n't pay church tax ), 
  exactly it 's no different from saying that dachau was a bavarian death camp or that bergen-belsen was a lower saxon death camp etc. 
  it seems heidi klum and the other jury members were evacuated first , a few minutes ahead of the audience ... some people are not happy about this . 
  id say that there was definatelly some outrage . . but it primarily was directed at the us . 
  and if you would ask anyone on the street today about who fought in the iraq war many probably would just forget about the uk and the others . 
  the media in general often portait it as an american war . 
  i guess they started it first by selecting very american / english sounding names when the wall came down . 
  but by now it has spread to other parts as well :d, 
  same in germany . 
  though here it is more seen as a sign of a lower class / working class family that does get its `` inspiration '' for a name from tv / movies or pop music . 
  in contrast middle class and up are more linked to traditional names . 
  there was also a spike for the name just after ww2 in germany . 
  my guess is that , as the name was a regular name before that time , many people named their kids after relatives killed in the war . 
  apparently the guy told the employee that he needs the chemicals to clean a pond , but was looking to buy quanities sufficient for hundreds of ponds . 
  but germany is actually looking for such ships . . or similar ones . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.thyssenkrupp-marinesystems.com/en/blohmvoss-class-lhd.html ) is a proposal by the tkms shipyards in germany for this . 
  if it is ever going to happen is another question though . 
  i 'm specifically talking about the dutch 11th airmobile brigade which has been put under permanent german command last year . 
  well , the bundeswehr already started absorbing the dutch army , though only small parts ( so far ) :-d, 
  the article is mixing up two events that took place about the same time : 1 ) german military instructors were using a c-160 transall to get to iraq , but had to wait in bulgaria for over a week to get permission to enter iraqi airspace . 
  in the meantime the transall broke down and they had to get a replacement plane to fly there . 
  but this plane also broke down ... so they had to bring in a third transall which finally managed to get to iraq as the iraqis also finally gave permission . 
  2 ) due to a lack of available and working planes , a dutch kdc-10 was supposed to bring arms supplies from germany to iraq ... but broke down as well and had to wait for a spare part to arrive before it could take off . 
  i guess it depends on what you need it for . 
  `` objectively better '' is not really a great statement to make in this regard . 
  a lot of the internet arguments are silly ( f35 is gen 5 . . ef is only gen 4.5 so it is worse by definition ) in the end single engine vs twin engine is one of the biggest differences . 
  this means higher maintenance cost for the ef but also much higher range and redundancy . 
  avionics and weapons are upgradeable and will be upgraded multiple times on each platform throughout their service life - so this is mostly about what each country wants to invest in their planes and what roles they want to put them into . 
  thats true there are not too many success stories . 
  though i think we can add the tornado jets - those were pretty successful in the end and one of the first true european defense projects . 
  though i guess the next tank will be a german-french program , maybe with others joining in after the kmw-nexter merger . 
  and afaik the uk already lost its mbt production capabilities . . so they either would have to buy american or joing a european program . 
  whats poor about the leopard 2 ? 
  the tiger has some major issues afaik and the decision to leave the nose gun for the german version seems silly . 
  also i would not really call the a400m okay ... there are soo many issues with that project . 
  eurofighter seems to work somewhat as intended . 
  i 'd say gripen and f-35 are not really competitors though . 
  they are single engine light jets compared to the bigger twin engine eurofighter / rafale, 
  also it is not the first time in recent history in germany either . 
  in 1998 the dvu - quite a bit more right wing than the afd - got 12.9 % in the saxony-anhalt state parliament . 
  by the next elections they were gone . 
  in 2006 the npd got 9.2 % in saxony . 
  by the next election the barely made it in and in 2014 they were out of parliament . 
  in brandenburg and meck-pom the dvu and npd respectively got in for two consecutive election periods . . but only in the 5-7 % range . 
  the dvu then disappeared and the npd in meck.-pom . 
  likely will drop out with the next elections as they barely made it in . . so some voters moving to the afd will break their neck . 
  there are various definitions for this . 
  between states : minor conflict : 25 - 1000 battle related deaths / year war :  1000 battle related deaths / year ------------- no states involved : non-state conflict :  25 battle-related deaths / year ------------- at least one state involved : armed conflict :  25 battle-related deaths / year ------------- as long as russia does not officially enter the action it can not be a war as only ukraine is officially involved as a state . 
  technically right now this is an * intra-state conflict with foreign involvement * [ here is a nice list of definitions ] ( http://www.pcr.uu.se/research/ucdp/definitions/#non-state_conflict ), 
  while i am sure it was mentioned somewhere as a side-note in my history lessons ( i guess maybe 2-3 hours ) . . history in german schools looks about something like this : romans / ancient greeks ww2 middle ages ww2 renaissance ww2 ww2 ww2 ww1 ww2 cold war / gdr ww2 ww2 ww2, 
  for germany there were quite a few imposed by the weu ( european version of nato ) . 
  how many troops germany could have of various types , how big submarines could be etc. 
  strategic bombers were outright banned , nuclear propulson for ships was banned and so on . 
  this theoretically applied until 2011 when the weu was officially dissolved . 
  though i think practically it stopped with the german reunification . 
  i thought we already did that to some extend ( though maybe not in an optimal way ) . 
  after the belgian attacks i actually heard a few german politicians saying that this was something that germany did that belgium lacked . 
  this was primarily refering to the gtaz ( joint counterterrorism center ) which was set up in 2004 as a reaction to 9/11 . 
  even without the tax it is still more expensive in denmark - i did the math :d the launch prices were actually cheaper without taxes . . but since then the exchange rate increased the prices to be more expensive . 
  is n't that including 25 % vat though ? 
  prices without vat would be the following : $ 8.38 $ 9.59 $ 14.45 ( though that is still more expensive ), 
  he already was a spy as a student in school and spied on other students . . so plenty of people he could and did report on . 
  ha you are right . . for some reason i always associated aldi south with foreign aldis . 
  probably because i mostly read english language websites / news etc. 
  originally aldi was one company - but the two brothers owning it could not agree on wether to sell cigs or not . 
  so the company was split into two ( though still under the same roof ) - aldi north which sold cigs and aldi south . 
  most of the aldis in other countries belong to aldi south ( shown by the yellow-blue aldi logo . 
  aldi north has a white-blue logo ) . 
  in the us you have trader joe 's ( aldi north ) and aldi ( south ) for example . 
  though with the deaths of the two brothers the two parts of the company are again coming closer together . 
  nowadays it would be * bundesprotektorat b\u00f6hmen und m\u00e4hren * , 
  well , 25 is the only number without my lucky number 7 ... so that one :p, 
  that 's hard to compare . 
  i think the 1527 number only includes the events around the main train station as well . 
  for previous years there was not really a need for such a detailed investigation or news reports . 
  but an [ article on last years new year ] ( http://www.report-k.de/koeln-nachrichten/koeln-blaulicht/silvester-2014-in-koeln-die-polizei-und-feuerwehr-bilanz-38415 ) in cologne mentioned 78 cases of violence or threatened violence where the police stepped in , 25 cases of property damage and 7 arrested pick-pockets . 
  the translation is not great . 
  the word used is * wunderbarlich * which would be * wunderbar * in modern german and the most direct translation is * wonderful *, 
  for morocco this should be possible - at least that is what the government says . 
  just a month ago morocco agreed to speed up taking back illegal immigrants even if they had no passports / destroyed their passports by implementing procedures to quickly get them new ones within 45 days . 
  supposedly morocco actually has a pretty good database of fingerprints of its citizens which they would use for this .
