i guess his point is , that the afd is not really that extreme in international comparison , but rather tame actually . 
  though in germany some conservative immigration policies and a not so positive stance on the euro equal crypto-nazism as someone even here in this thread called it . 
  personally i 'd say wait and see . 
  it 's a new party and people from the fringes will get in and try to rise to the top as they see a chance there . 
  as was the case with the greens in the past , or more rrecently with the pirate party , for example . 
  this does not have to mean anything really if party itself does not bow to such influences . 
  but the other parties were rather quick in establishing the afd as villain and ramping up their propaganda which some people willingly eat up . 
  well the afd got votes from pretty much every camp . 
  the breakdown is as follows : cdu : 33k fdp : 18k linke : 15k npd : 13k spd : 8k gr\u00fcne : 3k plus 16k new voters . 
  in germany many set up `` one man companies '' which are rather easy to do - and thus they officially are considered self-employed , even if there really is no or barely any revenue coming in . 
  in quite a few cases at least , yes . 
  [ here ] ( http://seenlandtour.beepworld.de/files/restlochkette2003.jpg ) is the former opencast mining pit in the lausatia region in eastern germany . 
  also a [ wiki link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lusatian_lake_district ), 
  would n't alsatian and lorraine franconian as german dialects make up a big part of that number ( according to wiki 1.2 m people speak either of those ) ? 
  sure it 's not high german and according to articles i read many of those dialect speakers do n't speak high german ... though i guess most of them would be able to hold a very basic conversation in standard german , or at least understand it . 
  1 ) max sentence was 13 years . . he did not get 13 years 2 ) that was for vandalism , not his opinion 3 ) [ he was acquitted ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/07/02/jeff-olson-san-diego-chalk-_n_3532834.html ) in court , so in fact the case you presented is the exact opposite of what you think it is . 
  germany does n't really have that much stored anymore . 
  most surplus tanks have been sold off . 
  most of the other surplus hardware has been scrapped , with some small amounts being sold as well if they could find a buyer . 
  i think we mostly just have small arms in storage but not that much heavy equipment . 
  as a german , i think the article is bollocks 49 % want to be friends with the west and the east or cooperate with both sides equally to put it in other terms - and the author of that article interpretes this as anti-americanism and anti-westernism ... kind of like `` either you are ( solely ) with us , or you are against us '' . 
  for me the german attitude towards russia is what we call realpolitik - russia has ressources , we have a big industrial sector that needs ressources . 
  as a result we have to have an arrangement with them of some sorts . 
  the same goes for other areas like the military etc. 
  this is something we learned during the cold war . 
  die republikaner are kind of a slightly milder form of the npd - basically for those that more or less share the same values as npd members , i have the impression that voters of the reps do not ( want to ) see themselves associated with nazis . . though in the end they are not too far away from those either and basically are still far right trash . 
  it was n't even a private birthday party . . and it was his 3rd birthday party in recent days ( or 4th maybe , if there was a real , private party as well ) - depending on how you see it . 
  first the spd , his political party in germany hosted an event for him , then hannover , his home town hosted another birthday party for him and this now was a birthday party hosted by his employer nord-stream . 
  we will have to see how the whole thing plays out once the elections come around . 
  currently the right sector guys seem to have a rather large influence over the non-elected interim regime . 
  proportionally bigger than what they would have had after regular elections . 
  if i were them i would not want to give that up easily . 
  also the whole counter terrorism operations seem to move conveniently slowly to keep up the `` fear level '' until the elections , likely increasing their share of the votes . 
  despite the news headlines talking about massive ukrainian military attacks etc. . . its more like mild pushing in the general direction of some minor road-blocks by rather small units - with the vast majority of the mobilized troops just idling and waiting as a show of force and to project a message of activity on a big scale for internal consumption . 
  i do n't doubt that the large majority of ukrainians wants to have a normal democracy etc - but i doubt that the right sector guys are in that camp . 
  i also doubt that someone like tymochenko , depite being the wests darling will be a poster child for democracy - though she will be pro-european and that probably will be the main criterium should she get elected ( and it seems to me that her chances are not that bad ) in addition there is the question of how the elections will work in the east of the country and if the pro-russian `` militants '' or however one wants to call them , will allow undisturbed and free elections in their part of the country . 
  as long as russia does not cross into eastern ukraine i do n't see to get overly aggressive . 
  merkel and the west in general already kind of unintentionally helped to get the right sector guys into power in ukraine - which more or less is their equivalent to the npd for our german members ( meaning a right wing extremist / nationalist party with ties to neonazis and members that basically are neonazis ) . 
  they did so by betting on klitschko getting into power after the euromaidan protests ... while he seemingly is just a joke in ukraine with little following or influence ... just a celebrity wanting to get into politics . 
  they miscalculated and that backfired . 
  to some extend its syria all over again - `` yay , let 's support a coup against the government '' ( a short while later ) `` oh , where did all those extremists and radicals come from , that now make up a big part of the group we originally supported ? '', 
  now russia certainly is not the good guy either in this story - taking crimea was an aggressive act , but at least it was done with minimal bloodshed . 
  and as a result there will be sanctions crippling the russian economy - not that this would really affect any of the top tier of russian entrepreneurs or politicians on a personal level ... they already have their piles of cash . 
  there are not really any good guys here - and getting involved in this crisis will mean that no matter which side you support , you will be in bed with the bad guys . 
  germany , in cooperation with spain , has developed the [ barracuda ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eads_barracuda ) uav demonstrator in recent years . 
  but i guess as always cost is an issue . 
  or just watch game of thrones , 
  the 2010 one is the hollywood remake with adrian brody - i have not seen it , but if the reviews are to be believed it is not as good which is also indicated by the movie going straight to dvd instead of theaters . 
  one has to say though that due to the rheinheitsgebot or laws derived from it - for example a beer + cola mix is not allowed to be called and marketed as * beer * in germany . 
  this also is the same for all other variants of beer not conforming to the traditional ingridients . . they are not banned , but they are not called * beer * . 
  just a month or so ago we finally got the first bigger free tv channel in germany that does show a lot of series in their original with subtitles ... but i can not receive it . . so back to the internet for me . 
  probably impossible ... but why keep the island and not sell it to tunisia to get rid of the problem . . kind of . 
  any worthwhile natural ressources or fishing grounds there which would justify the cost of these huge numbers of illegal immigrants which otherwise might opt ( in part ) for alternative routes of the next island was much farther away . 
  that is what happened though . 
  - in 2011 there was a case of a muslim boy getting circumcised in 2010 at age 4 by a german doctor . 
  after a few days the boy had to be taken into an emergency room due to heavy bleeding . 
  the local court ruled that the procedure was done correctly and the doctor was not sentenced . 
  - in mid 2012 the case was brought in front of the cologne regional court of appeals . 
  in this case trhe doctor as well was not sentenced . 
  however the judge ruled basically the same as in this new case . 
  freedom of religion of the parents does not supercede the kids right to an unharmed body . 
  - big shitstorm , mostly by the jewish press in israel , partly also in the us as well as from jewish organizations within germany ( incl . 
  the always fine working nazi comparisions etc ) , the muslim press seemed far more moderate on this issue at least to me . 
  - in december of 2012 a law was passed that said circumcision was okay for jews and muslims . 
  in parliament it got 434 - 100 votes and 46 abstaining . 
  at the same time some members of parliament proposed a different law demanding a minimum age of 14 years so that the kids could give their consent . 
  however this law was not passed . 
  the vote was 91 - 462 , and 31 abstaining . 
  two days after the votes , the law was brought in front of the upper house of parliament and passed . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/panorama/justiz/religioes-motivierte-beschneidung-von-jungen-ist-laut-gericht-strafbar-a-841084.html ) is an article on the court cases [ here ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/bundestag-beschliesst-neues-beschneidungsgesetz-a-872547.html ) is a short article on the votes on the law in parliament . 
  i guess it is needed to have people from all over the country , even small districts etc - otherwise a lot of the candidates probably would come from the bigger cities . 
  however it is really of no use to vote for a candidate by name , since as you said no one knows them . 
  i think the first vote should be for a party as well . 
  practically it would not change anything about the voting process , only the ballot ... but i guess it would be easier to read and overall simpler in nature than trying to find out what that candidate you never heard about stands for . 
  just vote for the party you want to see representing your district . 
  there is also the case where parties ( or non-affiliated candidates ) can get into parliament on direct votes ( erststimmen ) alone . 
  it is rare . . but the left - then still called pds - managed to do this in 2002 . 
  they only got 4 % and missed the 5 % hurdle , but still got 2 seats based on this . 
  you can of course correct me if you feel part of my reply was insufficient or incorrect . 
  but `` radical left '' probably would have been the best term to use in english . . thanks for that , 
  as far as i understand it yes they are mostly germans , though i guess some of the roma might also take part in this . 
  as for left wing extremist . . we call them `` autonome '' . . which would be something like autonomous ( left wingers ) . . but i do not think you use this term in english . 
  it 's basically the violent anti-fascist , anti-capitalist ( anti-imperialist , anti-nuclear ... they are versatile concerting their motivation and ideology as long as they can fight the `` establishment '' ) left wingers which are often seen at demonstrations , in black clothes , hoodies , sun glasses etc to prevent identification , picking fights with either right wingers or the police if the former are not available . 
  basically the classic rioters you see at political summits like g8 sumits and so on . 
  hi there , i live in duisburg , luckily though in a different part of town . 
  but i have been following this story on local news . 
  the apartment complex seems to be owned by a guy with ties to the red light district . 
  pretty run down with a little over 70 apartments . 
  no one wanted to live there due to the place being in such bad shape , but it also is the only place the roma could afford . 
  now there are between 1000 and 1400 people living in these 70 + apartments ( no one knows an exact number ) . 
  last year alone about 500 of those have been involved in crimes according to the police . 
  this includes robberies , pickpocketing , metal theft ( copper etc ) , fraud and so on . 
  and then there are of course still those that have not been caught by the police . 
  there might be a few non-criminals there ... but it certainly no prejudice based on these numbers to call most of them criminals . 
  police has to get there multiple times each day by now . 
  then the far right wingers and neo nazis have discovered this issue for themselves . . there have been calls on facebook to burn the place down . 
  racist paroles have been sprayed on the walls etc. 
  according to local news the children were put in bed with clothes on so residents could flee in a matter of seconds if needed , while the men in that house have formed groups to defend themselves against potential attackers . 
  after this some local residents have formed neighborhood night watches with 30-50 people keeping guard outside the complex every single night . 
  now left wing extremists / black block guys etc have discovered the same issue and started mingeling amongst the neighborhood watch guys , waiting for neo nazis to come by and fight them .
