  maybe also in order to slow down a later response as it might be `` another hoax '' ? 
  likely to prevent a mass panic and potential stampede, 
  i see it the same way . 
  that is currently the major flaw we have in our political setup . 
  there is one conservative / right of center party with the cdu/csu union . 
  on the left side you have the spd , the linke and the greens . 
  for a ( short ) while you also had the pirates recently that grabbed some of the voters from that group . 
  on the other side the fdp dropped into obscurity . 
  overall this weakens the left as votes are split amongst many parties while allmost all the right / conservative votes go to merkel . 
  we need a medium sized party competing right of the center that gets 10-15 % on a regular basis in order to gain some balance again . 
  now if this happens with ~ 10 % for afd + 5 % for a maybe returning fdp ... or 15 % for a split off csu is secondary for me ( although i am not a fan of the afd ) . 
  according to what i read the software is from bosch . 
  but bosch also told vw in 2007 that this software is only meant for testing purposes and that a use in production cars would be illegal . 
  well there was the leak . . so there is that . 
  it might not be fully up to date anymore . . 
  i do n't know . 
  but unless someone says that some of the things in there have changed fundamentally one also could assume that they did not change ( much ) . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.ttip-leak.eu/de/start.html ) ( german ) would be a decent source for starters . 
  of course it is politically biased as this is done by members of the green party , but so are probably many of the protesters anyway . 
  but that site shows the first leaked source text , including commentary which makes it somewhat easy to understand - from the point of view of the commentators of course . 
  youi are right , but then again ttip is such a huge thing with so many elements that almost everyone will be able to find something they do n't like about it . 
  and if they are passionate about that one thing , even without knowing the rest of the stuff that might be reason enough to protest . 
  and that is a good enough reason i guess . 
  [ this website ] ( http://leerstandsmelder.de/ ) shows empty buildings in many of the bigger cities . 
  unfortunatelly it does not let you filter for commercial and private buildings and size etc. 
  i do n't know . . maybe they just do n't care about bikes . 
  i seem to remember reading that many of those new `` bike-less biker gangs '' started out as youth gangs ... and without having driving licenses they did not really have a need for bikes anyway . 
  now they mostly seem to be bouncer gangs like united tribunes , black jackets and red legion ( the latter after being banned are now the bahoz , the kurdish gang mentioned in the article afaik ) and as far as i have read most of them are alligned with hells angels or bandidos and claim territories just as much . 
  should n't it be more like 300 new jobs ? 
  the company they bought has 700 workers - and they plan to have a total of 1000 workers in germany, 
  i think the eu jcs for example would only be for eu missions . 
  individual countries could still maintain control over their military for unilateral actions . 
  using the same equipment , same training etc. 
  would not prevent that i guess the main issue would be common logistics ( and maybe a common medical corps ) . 
  those would be non-combat military elements though which probably would face less hurdles . 
  as for the regional specialization - this probably would start with the smaller countries anyway as they could focus on certain aspects instead of trying to do a bit of everything . 
  and that is happening already anyway - even without an eu army . 
  nato : independend militaries training together and coordinating with each other eu army : common training , common joint chief of staffs , centralized logistics , streamlined equipment purchases that get cost down , independence of the us military , regional specializations within europe, 
  the deployments in the baltics are just symbolic . 
  it 's not as if the us has a whole tank division over there . 
  the few troops - no matter how good , will only delay a full russian invasion by a few hours . 
  they primarily are there to ensure that in case of an invasion there would be western casualties as well - forcing the respective countries to take swift action in retaliation . 
  it 's not just the law ... many people do n't want it either . 
  last sunday the city of m\u00fcnster actually held a referendum asking its citizens if they wanted more `` open sundays '' - and the majority ( 52.8 % ) voted no . 
  humans are stupid, 
  in germany a lot of the jobs that in other countries would be unskilled labor or only require limited training actually require full apprenticeships ( usually 3 years ) . 
  actually gema only blocked one or two videos as examples . 
  youtube then blocked thousands and thousands of videos and made it look like gema did it . 
  a court even had to force youtube to change their message as it was misleading . 
  but most people only blame gema now - so it worked . 
  do n't get me wrong - the gema is stupid and had extremely unrealistic demands - but google / youtube were not the good guys either . 
  same here - the colors of that british flag just do n't work together . 
  well they did name one of the ships [ rovs ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/remotely_operated_underwater_vehicle ) boaty mcboatface - so there is that . 
  only tornados and eurofighters . 
  the migs were inherited from the gdr and for a long time served for training and testing and then for a few years were used in a regular squadron . 
  but upkeep and spare parts were too expensive . 
  so giving them away basically for free saved us millions . 
  poland on the other hand was eager to participate in nato exercises and none of their planes were compatible . 
  our migs were upgraded to nato standard and poland otherwise already knew migs - so for them this was a quick and easy solution to get their air force to participate until they would get another western fighter jet . 
  so a win-win for everyone . 
   also germany still has mig29 which are also old . 
  so nothing new here . 
  na , we sold all our mig 29 to poland for 1 $ in 2003 . 
  if imdb does not want to mess with their score formula they at least could flag it with some kind of symbol next to the score that says something along the lines of `` score not neccessarily representative of the movie due to controversy '', 
  at least in terms of satellite surveillance germany and france have already been cooperating for years . 
  france has optical satellites and germany has radar satellites and they use each others to complement their own capabilities . 
  the vatican has its own police force - the [ corps of the gendarmerie ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/corps_of_gendarmerie_of_vatican_city ) - that 's 130 officers . 
  and the population of the vatican is about 800 people . 
  it was not only the car industry . . but there was a lot of talk about how germany fears the brexit and how the german economy would take a hit without the uk etc [ but here is for example one about the car industry ] ( http://www.yorkpress.co.uk/features/readersletters/14554248.germans_won_t_harm_car_sales_by_imposing_a_uk_tariff_if_uk_exits_european_union__letter_/ )  german top dollar cars like mercedes , bmw , audi , volkswagen etc sell like hotcakes in this country . 
   there is no way the germans would allow the eu to impose tit for tat tariffs on this country in the event of brexit . 
   it makes no sense whatsoever . 
  there was quite a bit of that before the brexit vote - but it quickly disappeared afterwards ( though you still found that argument for quite a while in the more pro brexit / r/ukpolitics for example ), 
  also the uk market would not just disappear and be unaccessible for them - even if tariffs etc are introduced and the prices increase . 
  brits will still buy cars - including german cars . 
  maybe sales of imported cars will drop by 10-20 % or so in the worst case for some time ... but that will not break the neck of any of those big companies . 
  and france just selected the hk416 as their next rifle . 
  and with our defense minister insisting on replacing the g36s it is not unlikely that we will also opt for the hk416, 
  hmm i guess you have a point . 
  though with blowing up packages / suitcases etc is n't it usually because they do n't know how it would be rigged , if there maybe is a remote detonator etc ? 
  not neccessarily because of the potential explosives . 
  they found 500g of explosives in his apartment that were so dangerous that they had to dig a hole in the front yard and blow it up right there . 
  that alone seems like pretty solid evidence . 
  for example [ here ] ( http://www.n-tv.de/politik/al-bakr-wollte-sich-offenbar-freikaufen-article18828071.html ) yesterday the photo was still uncensored on that article . 
  now i just read through a few articles - and [ this one ] ( http://www.flugrevue.de/militaerluftfahrt/luftwaffe/deutschland-plant-c-130j-beschaffung/701670 ) actually says they are looking for the cargo version - not the tanker or gunship version . 
  though i guess it makes sense - france orders the tanker and germany the transporter - both are under french command and both countries probably have access to each others planes . 
  so germany would not need their own hercules tankers . 
  germany already has four airbus a310-304 mrtt that can be used as tankers . 
  one of them actually is used in syria / iraq to refuel allied airplanes . 
  i guess if germany would need more tankers they probably would get the airbus a330 mrtt . 
  as far as i am aware we do n't have air-refuelable helicopters anyway . 
  do n't have links at hand but it was very shady . 
  a company bought rights to some porn movies . 
  they set up some porn sites - like those top lists or aggregator sites that linked to different porn clips on different tube sites . 
  if you clicked on a link on those sites they directed you to a clip of one of the movies they owned - on redtube . 
  even if the original preview image / title showed a different clip . 
  this way they collected ip addresses on their own site - knowing that everyone using their site would be redirected to one of their films on redtube . 
  so they could sue everyone without having to force redtube to declare the ips . 
  with the ip list they went to a court known to be very friendly towards copyright holders . 
  the judge never asked how the ip list was obtained and signed it pretty much right away . 
  oh and when shit hit the fan and the press got wind of their shady dealings - they paid some guy in africa a few dollars to become sole owner and ceo of their company , trying to wash their hands clean .
