  that idea gets floated once a year or so . . but so far nothing has happened yet . 
  maybe they will do something now though . 
  i would not be against it . 
  though i guess we would have to create a dedicated english language unit . 
  this then probably would be coined as a quasi-foreign legion by some . 
  and there are quite a few voices against an fl type unit as they consider it `` easier to send into battle as no germans would be put in harms way '' . 
  alternatively you only recruit eu nationals who already speak german and are willing to join the german military ... but i do n't know if it would be worth it for a hand full of people . 
   i 'm really glad germany did away with it technically germany did not abolish conscription - it just has been put on hold . 
  the reason was that with the shrinking military only every second person or so got conscripted which was deemed unfair . 
  but seeing how the military size is about to increase again , with them having already difficulties filling the ranks as is i would not be surprised if we see a limited conscription being reintroduced at some point . 
  i 'd expect that the electric mini and the bmw i3 will share quite a few components - they are a similar size after all and it would make sense . 
  and leipzig , one of the plants suggested to produce the e-mini happens to also produce the i3 . 
  maybe it was just bad timing and the only bad road at that time in luxembourg :d looking at the map i think i was going from the a64 in germany to the a1 in luxembourg . 
  but that was years ago . 
  when i drove over from germany to luxembourg a few years ago it kind of was the opposite ... while the road there did not look as run down as in ops pic it certainly was in worse state than the german side . 
  i remember thinking why that was the case as luxembourg should have plenty of money for that . 
  it 's still stupid though . 
  western european `` high crime '' zones are nothing like american ones . 
  i live in a german city that has a part that also occasionally was labeled as `` no go zone '' by the press . 
  and yes there is some crime issue . 
  but do you know what 's also there ? 
  the biggest electronics store in the whole region with thousands of people from all over the city going shopping there each day without anything happening . 
  i think the afd has a substantial share of anti-merkel or anti-status-quo votes . 
  some of them could jump ship to the spd , if the spd can get away from the image of being merkels junior party which they got throughout the last few years . 
  the prices for such coins go up quite fast though . 
  the german 5 $ coin ( `` planet earth '' with the blue ring ) that was released less than a year ago and actually sold for its value now is 40 $ almost everywhere - at least . 
  that is an increase by 700 % in value ... in 10 months . 
  in april germany will release another 5 $ coin ( `` tropic zone '' , red ring ) . . and i 'm thinking about getting one . . or two . . or more if possible . 
  it would depend on what ministries the left would get ... there is a whole lot of ministries i do not want to see them anywhere near ... but i would not mind giving them agriculture , family , economic cooperation , maybe education . 
  environment as well ( though that probably would go to the greens ) . 
  i primarily see a european army or a common european defense strategy as a cost saving measure and as a measure to increase independence from the us . 
  nato and nato member states should profit from this as much as the participating eu countries . 
  i 'd also argue turkey or any member state would be better off if there is more than one actor who can effectively help them . 
  right now europe does lack in quite a few fields ... but especially logistics - a european army ( or maybe even just common european military logistics ) would help to react quickly and with more than just a few token units that can be transported in the worst case scenario . 
  dacia actually does not have a sedan though . 
  since they cancelled the original dacia logan sedan they did not get a new one , they only kept the station wagon version ( their other models are a compact car , a small delivery van , a family van and a small suv ) . 
  a european army would not have to mean the end of nato - it probably would allow a leaner and lighter nato though as a lot of stuff would be handled within europe . 
  i guess it 's because this is the worlds largest ( and most expensive ? ), 
  sailing yacht which just was launched a few weeks ago . 
  i guess it 's similar to all the news about the us zumwalt destroyer breaking down in it 's first longer trip despite ships probably breaking down quite frequently . 
  eu salaries in romania sound like a pretty good life though if you think about it . 
  is n't the czech government campaigning to get the eba to prague ? 
  there seem to be two per year from quite a few countries according to the above website . 
  i had no idea that there are that many different designs . 
  i thought there were maybe a hand full of commemorative coins per year across the eurozone ... but this is more like 2-4 per month . 
  it 's just a matter of terminology . 
  do n't call for an ability to conduct `` interventions '' but for the ability to conduct `` robust peacekeeping and stabilization operations to avert a humanitarian crisis independent of the usa '' . 
  they also can of course put up the content online as well ... but i 'd say especially for a channel like that that aims to inform and educate the traditional route should also be used to reach the older , rural or tech-averse populations . 
  yes it is not far , but there are quite a few towns in between the border and the river , either completely ( nijmegen , roermond ) or partially ( venlo , maastricht ) and for belgium it would be about a third of the country that falls betwen both . 
  also all of luxembourg . 
  the complicated part about the first stanza is not even really the `` deutschland \u00fcber alles '' / `` germany above everything '' part although it does sound strange out of context , but the following `` from river maas to river memel '' part ... which nowadays are in the netherlands , belgium , france and lithuania , belarus respectivly . 
  so this stanza would claim territories which today are parts of other nations . 
  the second stanza on the other hand ( `` german women , german loyalty , german wine , german song '' ) kind of does sound a bit too nationalistic . 
  unless the cdu ends up in opposition . 
  does n't d\u00fcsseldorf have the same problems as munich - just on a slightly smaller scale ? 
  afaik there is a serious shortage of apartments affordable by students or low income families there ( it is somewhat offset though by having a few `` low cost '' cities directly nearby that have good public transport connections ) . 
  the above number seems to conflict with other numbers i found . 
  up from 248,000 in 2010 . 
  it includes all homeless people , people living in shelters and people living with relatives due to lack of a home . 
  the number seems to be based on an inquiry to the parliament by the left party . 
  so pretty official . 
  the sequence of supposed events is that first there was reported fighting between saa and turkish backed euphrates shield fsa forces ... then shortly after , russia `` accidently '' bombed turkish forces . 
  one might think , that one is the result of the other , and far from accidental . 
  actually germany and poland made a similar agreement in 2015 already . 
  poland and germany both are putting one bataillon under each others command . 
  poland gets the panzergrenadierbataillon 411 with about 700 soldiers , germany gets a polish tank bataillon . 
  do n't know which one though . 
  poland and germany both are putting one bataillon under each others command . 
  poland gets the panzergrenadierbataillon 411 with about 700 soldiers , germany gets a polish tank bataillon . 
  do n't know which one though . 
  maybe . 
  they might also use idas , the newer batch of u212as already can launch them from the torpedo tubes and they seem to have some land attack capability . 
  but it seems that germany agreed to take nsm for the upcomming mk181 frigate class instead of the previously planned rbs15 as part of the overall deal . 
  212ng actually - due to the modifications it will be renamed . 
  i guess it does provide a competitive advantage ... so they probably will earn money with this . 
  i guess they will have to use local companies for data storage and access . 
  microsoft now uses t-systems of germany for this . 
  afaik microsoft itself does not have access to the data stored in germany and does not own the servers . 
  t-systems acts as a trustee / contractor for them in this regard . 
  that happened two days ago . 
  germany already plans to order two more subs , modernized versions of the u-212a - but they only will be put in service by 2030 or so . 
  so still a bit of time left . 
  i guess the old norwegian subs are regular diesel subs ? 
  in this case modern aip subs probably can accomplish as much as 2-3 old diesel subs , considering they can stay submerged for weeks . 
  mostly because he is `` the new guy '' - so far not involved in national politics , appealing to the base of the social democrats who in recent years were disillusioned with their parties ' move towards the center . 
  though a large majority of the voters so far does not know anything about him . . the tide might turn once he presents a program that some people might not like . 
  not really - those are personal ratings which are not that meaningful . 
  elections are for parties where merkels party still has a very large and comfortable lead . 
   most traffic accidents are , like the name says , accidents . 
  i mean that is debatable . 
  in germany we recently had the first case where a street racer who caused a fatal `` accident '' was intentionally tried for murder - not manslaughter or anything else ... just straight up murder , because that can be a concequence of behaving that way in traffic . 
  afaik the trial is still underway . . so we will have to see if the prosecutor gets through with it . 
  but similar things can be argued for all kinds of excessive speeding or even drunk driving etc. 
  and if you combine these two and stop counting them as accidents then it looks quite different . 
  [ yes , indeed ] ( http://www.todayifoundout.com/index.php/2015/10/pineapple-used-symbol-wealth-power-amongst-english-elite/ ) a single pineapple could cost up to $ 10,000 in todays currency and people could even rent them to brag with them as people might do today with jewelry or clothes . 
  the personal popularity does seem close - but since we vote for parties and not people , his party the spd is still quite a bit behind - and that likely is not going to change dramatically , even if he might reduce the gap . 
  [ here 's a poll from the 26th regarding merkel and schulz ] ( http://www.tagesspiegel.de/politik/ard-deutschlandtrend-spd-kandidat-schulz-in-umfrage-gleichauf-mit-merkel/19306654.html ) if there were direct elections each would get 41 % schulz was ahead for credibility ( 65 % vs 64 % ) and sympathy ( 69 % vs 63 % ) merkel was ahead for expertise ( 78 % vs 68 % ) and leadership ( 79 % vs 60 % ) 65 % of the people asked replied that they do not know what policies schulz actually stands for , though . 
  i say she is a hipster ... she read somewhere that pineapples once were a status symbol in england due to their rarity and now she carries it `` ironically '' . 
  i might be wrong but i think that the eurostat one is not in usd ( and maybe not even euro ? ), 
  but rather a comparison between those two ( and countries in general ) without a specific currency .
