  plus he could meet new people there , even met a nice lady there he seemed to be quite fond of . 
  sri lanka - no one will expect sri lanka . 
  it was a mix of used german tranche 1 ef and new tranche 1 ef originally intended for germany which were diverted to austria so germany could get new tranche 2 planes instead . 
  tranche i is useless anyway . 
  germany offloaded its tis years ago to austria who only needed planes for air policing . 
  in military exercises the eurofighter also shot down multiple f-22s ... this proves nothing as the rules in those exercises are pretty arbitrary . 
  i agree . . it might be more costly and take longer . . but something like that should by of high strategic importance and we should not be dependent on the us for this . 
  i could see germany maybe ordering a few f35 as a stopgap measure ( just like they now do with the hercules ) . . but for a full tornado replacement they should go with a european design . 
  good thing is that france is very firm on being independent from the us in that regard - so they should build their own plane either way and germany likely could join them . 
  1 ) read his post again . . he even wrote `` oh its in the first sentence of the article '' . 
  how can you say that he said nothing about the article when it is one of the two lines he wrote ? 
  2 ) you were doubting that this was correct and i supported your argument by pointing out that the article in fact did not claim that the spd was the oldest party . 
  yes , the poster above you to whom you replied . 
  the article says the spd is `` one of the world 's oldest democratic parties '' , not the oldest party . 
  why not emmanuela ? 
  germany has [ michel ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deutscher_michel ) , usually shown sleepy due to germany missing all the revolution fun while france was busy with that . 
  of course it should / would be separate . 
  but they still would talk to each other and work together . 
  why should n't they if they both are active in the same ission for example . 
  the nato headquarters are in brussels . 
  i 'd imagine they would talk to each other quite a bit . 
  so it would make sense to have them close by . 
  ah sorry ... misremembered that . 
  you are right . 
  german car manufacturers already have come out and said that the remaining eu has a priority as too soft terms would endanger the remaining eu which would be much worse for them than losing some uk sales . 
  some in the uk seem to think that a hard brexit will mean that no german cars are sold in the uk anymore . . the reality would be that it might drop 10 % or so ... so instead of 820k cars it might be 740k cars . 
  and those cars will be more expensive for british citizens . 
  but it will not really be a huge blow for german car manufacturers as britain will still need cars . 
  also just yesterday bmw threatened the uk government with moving the mini production to germany if they do not get a favorable deal . 
  they did not threaten the eu to to make a good deal . 
  important difference . 
  and he became a catholic cardinal while supporting the protestant union in the 30 years war against the catholic league . 
  there also is another factor why many german companies import through nl / be and not through german ports . 
  if you , as a german company , import through german ports you must pay import tax ( 19 % ) - but if you import through another eu country you do not have to . 
  now in the end you pay the 19 % as vat either way ( and the end users pay it you etc ) ... but it is still very beneficial for companies and their liquidity to not have to pay a large sum up front . 
  this might not be of much concern for very large companies who put more focus on faster delivery ... but for smaller companies it is quite nice . 
  the same works with other eu countries as well of course . 
  belgian companies importing through rotterdam and dutch companies importing through antwerp gives the same benefit etc. 
  they might . . but they also seem to be cautious about being a junior partner in a coalition again on the federal level . 
  the main coalition party usually gets all the praise for popular decisions and the junior partner gets scolded for the points of their party program that they could not implement . 
  this can then result in less votes in the next election . 
  [ check table 62 here ] ( https://www.bka.de/de/aktuelleinformationen/statistikenlagebilder/polizeilichekriminalstatistik/pks2016/standardtabellen/standardtabellentatverdaechtige.html?nn=65720 ) . 
  primarily lines 212 ( simple car theft ) and 282 ( severe car theft ) and line 427 for all car theft . 
  does not seem that latvians make up many of those . 
  the majority of non-german car thieves are poles ( 33 % ) and lithuanians , turks and romanians ( about 8 % each ) . 
  well they probably had cars stolen from all countries - some more , some less . 
  they are huge and have 30 % of the rental car market share in germany . 
  i guess the price should be cheaper - but that is on the publishers ( or consumers ) . 
  to have the taxes on the same level seems fair . 
  well , about 5 % of the vatican citizens are women ( mostly wives / daughters of employees or swiss guards living there ) . 
  it 's not really outsmarting . 
  it is just stupid for any party to be a single-issue party to begin with unless they really really only want to do that one thing and not stay in power afterwards ( which as you say is not really how it works ) . 
  we 've had a few of those in the past here in germany . 
  and while the green party has for example a full program they publicly heavly relied on their anti-nuclear policy ... and once merkel announced the nuclear phase-out they had and continue to have a major problem . 
  or look at the afd - founded as the anti-euro party in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis . 
  as soon as it was rather certain that greece would not drop all of us into an abyss they lost relevance . 
  so they switched their single issue from the euro to immigration . 
  that again gave them a boost . 
  but again it becomes clear that the massive immigration , while certainly creating some issues , is not really our doom either ... and so they are currently losing voters again . 
  there is nothing to buy out as far as i know . 
  the eu is the owner , not the individual countries . 
  through the eu the countries did contribute money of course . 
  in turn contracts for parts of the satellites / services etc were awarded back to companies in the participating countries . 
  so the countries got a return of that investment to some extend ( besides the galileo program itself ) so by opting out of galileo the uk also would negativly affect some of its high tech companies that are suppliers to the project . 
  or just reverse the acs - this way they transfer the heat from the atmosphere into the houses which can act as heat containers . 
  it 's about contracts / agreements . 
  if the uk signed to finance x % for a certain project than it is that way . 
  same thing the other way around of course . 
  also the esa is not part of the eu . . so i do n't know why you bring them in . 
  if the uk also wants to get out of esa then this is a different matter . 
  it is in esas hands who they give contracts to . 
  as for galileo , it is owned by the eu - since the uk leaves the eu it also loses its part of the ownership . 
  unless of course they continue to contribute to the project cost which would require a new agreement specifically for this ( and if the eu agrees to let them back in / stay in ) . 
  but it 's not money that the eu suddenly demands for made up things . 
  that 's cost for stuff the uk commited to . 
  there also is the naval museum in wilhelmshaven , germany . 
  not really that old ships , but it has a destroyer , a sub , a mine clearing boat and a patrol boat . 
  also there are various other subs along the german coast : type xxi ( bremerhaven ) , type vii ( kiel ) , british oberon class ( sassnitz ) , 205 class ( burgstaaken ) , soviet project 651 ( peenem\u00fcnde ), 
  replace the animal name with bison and the verb buffalo with bully : buffalo bison , whom other buffalo bison bully , themselves bully buffalo bison . 
  it 'll be interesting to see if chinese cars can get into the european market . 
  they 've tried for a while now but so far safety standards were their biggest hurdles . 
  borgward , while technically a german brand , is pretty much a chinese car ( as a brand / subsidiary now owned by foton who in turn belong to baic ) - and they are planning to build a factory in germany for their electric suv . 
  while article 2 reads like something like religious police should not be possible due to the secular state , i wonder if this could be circumvented by saying you have a special police that enforces some old traditions of the region ( maybe even under a thin veil of nationalism ) - which just happened to be ottoman and islamic in nature . 
  that 's not a fact , that is just a stupid discussion . 
  the eu would go down without us trade and the us would go down without eu trade . 
  it 's like saying the us would win a nuclear war with russia or china . 
  i think abba was quite decent ... they also did okay afterwards . 
  oh you are right . . 
  i forgot about that . 
  the connection from basel to germany has been massivly improved ever since the swiss took over the line many years ago . 
  when i lived down there on the german side it was just a regional train line with more or less one stop per town . 
  once the swiss won the tender for that line against the german railways they started building new train stations along the way and using new trains . . technically it still is a regional train line ( track size and real trains instead trams ) but due to the frequent stops it more or less acts as a tram line . 
   and china will need to switch the docking system they use , because it is incompatible with esa 's docking system and nasa 's , and thus iss someone call apple - they can design an adapter . 
   they did n't buy them because germany wants to build their own ships . 
  years ago tkms presented their own design for a ship similar to the mistral for that reason ... but no one bought it . 
  by now it 's already been removed from the website . 
  there was talk about the new tank getting a 130mm gun to be more capable against the new russian tanks without having to use du ammunition . 
  i guess the important question is whether this method can be used for video as well . 
  in that case there might be money to be made . 
  even the 2013 population number for germany is wrong .
