  i think ukraine did receive some bulletproof vests , helmets , humvees and nightvision equipment before if i 'm not mistaken - all of which would be non-leathal . 
  yeah that law is not really aimed at drivers but more at youths getting more alcohol at night etc, 
  it was in the 70s to early 80s . 
  first against the vietnam war then against the stationing of new nuclear tipped us missiles in germany ( nato double track decision ) . 
  then it faded away and nowadays it is more or less history . 
  no one was attacking him for being a man - only you defended him for being a man against imaginary attacks . 
  for all others here he is just a gender-neutral idiot . 
  well , they do have a party program ( anti-eu , anti-euro , anti-schengen , pro-conscription , etc ) - but that is not what anyone but maybe 1-2 % vote for . 
  the vast majority of their votes are due to the immigration issue because they dedicate most of their time to talk about only that . 
  i mean it was predictable to be far below the meck-pomm state election . 
  that it ended up below 10 % is a nice bonus . 
  do n't expect too many upvotes for this on / r/europe :d ( it was a pretty predicatble outcome though ), 
  stop being paranoid . 
  i do n't have to read up on such basic stuff . 
  it is just common sense . 
  again i did not say that it stops immigration - it makes it less attractive for some people . 
  did i say they could not ? 
  i said it creates a hurdle . 
  one that does not exist within the eu . 
  that is a fact . 
  will it stop everyone from going to the uk ? 
  will it stop some people from going to the uk ? 
  certainly . 
  it is a competitive disadvantage . 
  it 's not only about the bullets . 
  if you have a common rifle combined orders wilil be cheaper , you can have a common pool of spare parts and the same training, 
  well germany and france will develop the next generation main battle tank together that should replace the leclerc and the leopard 2, 
  you mean the doctors and nurses that already have to be imported from the eu due to a shortage in the uk ? 
  the ones for which an additional hurdle will be put in place with leaving the eu ? 
  that 's all true - but it might as well have lead to a civil war either way . 
  even if he had stepped down the ba'athists and the military might have put up a fight . 
  though i also do not belief that the protesters from back then would have formed a truly democratic government . 
  maybe it would have ressembled some form of deomcarcy for 1-2-3 years before devolving into another form of despotic regime . 
  sure - but i feel in that region only a dictator will be able to provide some form of stability . 
  i do n't care if he rules with an iron fist - he 'll likely kill less people than the current war does already . 
  plus that whole region seems to be unable to function without dictators anyway . 
  the uk is the country the introduced the porn filter where you have to officially opt in to watch your porn . 
  50 % of uk immigration comes from commonwealth states though which has nothing to do with the eu . 
  and as far as i am aware the uk even wants to do more of that after leaving the eu . 
  nah , the uk government already told some regions that they will receive less money from them than what they currently get from the eu afaik . 
  it was not even about bloatware - it was about preinstalled windows vista ( well it is the worst of the windowses . . but still ) - and the notebook was advertised as having windows vista installed . 
  the guy just bought the notebook and then demanded money back because he did not want windows or already had a windows liscense . 
  yes it is regarding germanys trade deficit . 
  this is a nice source : https://www.destatis.de/de/presseservice/presse/pressemitteilungen/2016/02/pd16_040_51.html in 2015 the trade surplus from germany to the eurozone was $ 8.5 b - which is nothing really . 
  of course we are - would n't fit the `` germany made the eu their bitch '' narrative :d, 
  bavaria is an exception though - the csu already is right of the cdu - so they have an alternative for many people . 
  it certainly did . 
  they go through party heads like others go through underwear . 
  since last week the cousin of claudia schiffer is the head of the german pirate party . 
  let 's see how long he will last . 
  [ the government already has denied these news ] ( http://www.faz.net/aktuell/politik/inland/armenien-resolution-kauder-merkel-distanziert-sich-nicht-14417184.html ) seems some foreign ministry employee talked to turkish representatives and explained to them what `` resolution '' means - as in that it is not a law and not binding . 
  german media ( springer mostly ) in turn took this and started writing about the government wanting to distance themselves from the resolution . 
  that 's not the same though . 
  with pkk being considered a terror organisation and pyd not this is a big difference . 
  you clearly reworded it to suit your agenda . 
  reading comprehension ? 
  the quote you posted clearly says the ypg is the armed wing of the pyd - not the pkk . 
  i do n't mind it . 
  it might not be statesman-like , but showing his finger kind of was an honest reaction it seems . 
  and also he did not really go like `` ha , some npd members ... 
  i 'll show them '' out of the blue . 
  it was a reaction to their shouts after all . 
  and that is quite different . 
  the governemt likely did not leak it - i guess it would make sense if it was a member of the left . 
  especially since one particular member of this party with a kurdish background is one of the most anti-erdogan politicians in germany . 
  there are no negotiations or agreements before she triggers article 50 . 
  lol you are confued it seems . 
  stop being stupid . 
  look how many upvotes the same link has on / r/worldnews, 
  well , wh would rate them ? 
  if a good journalist writes a critical piece about russia or china ( or the us ) there will be thousands who will downrate it - just because it criticises their home country or because they get paid to do so . 
  and if you have a terrible journalist you will have his employer manipulate the votes etc to make them not look as bad . 
  eh , one man 's 21 slide powerpoint presentation probably is not represenative in any way . 
  and it might just be fear mongering to get more money . 
  to me it seems that russia still is on the quantity over quality side of things . 
  they might barely have enough systems for this hypothetical `` equal vs equal '' battle in that presentation . 
  and that would just be one battle . 
  well there are a lot of turks in germany - and many of them seem to be more interested in turkish than german politics . 
  so naturally that also becomes a topic in germany . 
  in addition you have the question of how to deal with erdogan - be it regarding refugees , regarding the eu talks or regarding syria . 
  and since this is the leader of a party which is pretty well known in german ( although not really successful in recent years ) he has to declare his position . 
  i think it is a matter of time until germany lowers the hurdle to 3 % as well . 
  we only had them for the eu elections since 2014 . 
  the german consitutional court already decided that for eu parliament elections the hurdle had to be lowered to 3 % ( in 2011 , new 3 % law approved by the court in 2014 ) . 
  the reason was that 5 % was deemed unfair for small parties and thus unconstitutional . 
  for that reason i ca n't imagine that the 5 % will stay - but it might still take years . 
  i just only now realized that grand tour = gt is a play on top gear = tg :-o, 
  germany also received a few of the religious conservatives from turkey because religious freedom in germany was greater for them than in turkey , which was very much oppressing a lot of that for the sake of secularism . 
  for this list every europol member country has two slots . 
  so she is among the top two most wanted from cyprus . 
  germany : msrp is $ 29k - $ 37k including the battery , and depending on the variant and accessories . 
  there now is a $ 4k subsidy in place which reduces the price to $ 25k - $ 33k ( though from what i read the subsidy barely has any effect on sales and few people buy electric vehicles here ), 
  kinda . . kinda not . 
  in the 1980 oktoberfest terror attack the guy who planted the bomb was also killed - accidently as it is assumed he triggered the bomb while he still was too close . 
  so more or less an involuntary suicide bomber . 
  [ screenshot of the video with the shooter ] ( http://imgur.com/a/z8uvv ), 
  wow 10 % ? 
  i thought the 5 % we have in germany were already pretty high ( sooner or later it probably will have to drop to 3 % ), 
   pepperspray and electro shockers are legal afaik on paper they are only allowed to be used against animals . 
  but if you just happen to have one of those with you and someone tries to attack you then it is fair to defend yourself with them because the law allows anything to be used as long as it is proportional .
