  fun fact - originally schloss and burg meant the same thing . 
  the distinction only developed over time . 
  schloss ( from ( ein ) schlie\u00dfen - to lock ( in ) ) was a fortified building you locked yourself into when attacked . 
  burg ( from verbergen - to hide ) was a fortified building you hid in when attacked . 
  both terms only became fully separated in the 19th century and schloss meant only palace-like buildings from then on . 
  volvo pv544 for sweden ? 
  it has an iconic shape , and was one if the two volvo models introducing the three point seat belt . 
  not only that , the sri lankan crew of that ship now applied for asylum it seems . 
  the `` defend europe '' thing actually has brought us more asylum seekers with their own ship that would not have been there without them . 
  even if unintended , that is a kind of hilarious fail . 
  the latter is also useful for ex-smokers for example . 
  gives your hand something to do when you do not hold a cigarette anymore . 
  from my point of view it 's retarded to apologize for that . 
  just exaggerated political correctness . 
  it would be one thing if this was said in a message to polish people . 
  it was not . 
  it was a german broadcaster talking to a german audience that already knows this . 
  because it is shorter . 
  all the ww2 death camps are german . . this is obvious to everyone . 
  in german it just sounds unneccessarily redundant . 
  do you never shorten anything ? 
  especially when talking to an audience that already knows this anyway . 
  that is all true . 
  and still it is under the condition to buy american . 
  that was no criticism or anything , it 's just how things are done . 
  germany for the same reason pays part of the israeli submarines and ships because it benefits german ship builders . 
  make it military aid like for israel or egypt . 
  give x amount of money under the condition that they buy american equipment with it . 
  this way the us supports their own industry without looking like handing out subsidies to them . 
  hmm . . if ireland does not want them someone else probably will be interested , 
   i was not aware there was such a carneval culture in germany actually . 
  this political form of carnival is at least 200 years old ( as a result of the french occupation by napoleon ) . 
  the middle class had been somewhat empowered under napoleonic rule , and once the old rulers took over again the carnival troupes in the military-like costumes and with their elected carnival princes in each city were means to mock the military and the nobility . 
  the rulers let it be as they saw it as a harmless way for the population to vent their frustrations etc. 
  if you find that problematic you are more conservative than some 19th century absolutist rulers in this regard . 
  i said it in another thread a while ago . . another issue also was that there was just digital rights as common ground for those actively participating in the party ( as it was primarily a single issue party ) . 
  there was not much common ground on other topics which caused internal divides and quarrels which in turn made them look unprofessional which as a result cost them votes besides those moving on to the next big protest party . 
  u212 also was created for the baltic sea , with the ng version likely to get some upgrades for arctic conditions . 
  no i meant that poland might buy some u212ng as well . 
  should bring the price down if they did . 
  well i 'll guess we 'll have to wait and see what the dutch navy will order . 
  norway already ordered the u212ng , so that is out of the question . 
  afaik there is some hope that maybe poland would join as well . 
  this could be an opportunity for the netherlands to join as well . 
  should offer some savings if 4 countries order the same sub together ( germany also ordered some u212ng ) . 
  some say that the u212ng might also get stretched a bit , so it might become a bit larger ( though not too much ) . 
  it 's not unlikely that the netherlands will also get german u212 as their next subs . 
  there also are bigger german sub designs like the 4000t u216 for the australian and canadian tenders ( although they lost the aussie one ) . 
  at least this way preserves the old exterior . 
  i 'd assume the panels are cheaper than a proper restauration and might add some insulation as well . 
  should someone want to restore the house in the future the new tiles should be easy to remove ( and maybe even reusable ) . 
  and if they ca n't afford paying taxes then their business model probably is flawed . 
  at least the [ bericht zur materiellen einsatzbereitschaft der hauptwaffensysteme der bundeswehr ] ( http://115er.de/uploads/media/materielle_einsatzbereitschaft_hauptwaffensysteme_bw.pdf ) does not mentioned the leo 1 anymore . 
  in addition all leopard 1 were designated for sale or destruction many years ago . 
  we do not have any mbts in storage anymore . 
  for the 104 on order they even scraped together a hand full of test vehicles to convert them to a modern standard . 
   globalfirepower.com , which seems very reliable no , just no . 
  it is very far off and anything but reliable . 
  for germany for example it shows 543 tanks . 
  we actually have only 224 tanks ( and 104 on order ) . 
  that was already denied yesterday . 
  none of the captured women if of a fitting age . 
  it probably is the same as with stereotypical canadians apologizing for everything . 
  the habsburgs ( primarily austria ) were kind of the arch rivals of the prussians ( hohenzollerns ) . 
  so you actually sided with the prussians , too :p, 
  that was not that much of an issue during the 30 years war when the french sided with the protestants against the catholics  at least i am not aware of that . 
  ^ ^ ^ at ^ ^ ^ least ^ ^ ^ according ^ ^ ^ to ^ ^ ^ google ^ ^ ^ translate, 
  not quite as bad , but still very expensive . 
  cheapest 2 day ride i can find is venice-vienna for 1500 $ though counting that as 2 days is pretty generous . 
  the most expensive one is paris - istanbul ( 6 days ) for 9000 $, 
  le tower 's eiffel 's, 
  the houses with the blue strips certainly look the same , but the taller building next to them is missing, 
  yes , it did work , the town was not bombed . 
  hmm . . what if you stand on the german side , but hold your hand with the weed / joint over the dutch side ? 
  do you still possess it in the eyes of german law ? 
  union = [ k\u00f3mjougos ] ( https://indo-european.info/dictionary-translator/translate/english/indo-european/?q=union ) though europe of course does not exist , so we probably would have to maybe use europa with a pie suffix or so, 
  how about proto-indo-european ? 
  both actually . 
  turkey started military drills as a show of force against the cypriots for allowing oil/gas drilling . 
  of course it is pure coincidence that those happen at the same time and after turkey warned / threatened cyprus . 
  even if we build a european tornado replacement ( ideally together with the french and others , which i would prefer ) , it is not a bad idea to publicly look at the f-35 and pressure airbus et al. 
  but some hard deadlines in there and say that after a certain delay the companies would have to pay for some stop-gap measures say in the form of the f-35 could be a great motivation for them, 
  at least in germany the main ( or rather only ) brand competitor probably is frosta , though they are not that widespread . 
  besides them everything else is just house brands of the various supermarkets / discounters ( though i would assume that several of those would be produced by igloo / frosta as well ) . 
  he certainly did . 
  after visiting the graves of some fallen revolutionaries in 1849 he wrote to his wife that `` he could not even forgive the dead '' . 
  he called them criminals and murderers and the inscriptions on their gravestones of `` freedom and justice '' were described as insults to god and humanity . 
  though i would assume he did like the nationalist part but not the anti-monarchist part of the revolution . 
  and germania was more of national symbol and not an anti-monarchist symbol afaik . 
  it 's a mess really - not too different from the pirate party in this regard if you think about it . 
  you have a party consisting of people with one common cause ( for pirates it was digital rights , for the afd it is now immigrants ) , but beyond that there is no cohesion or common ground . 
  so they split into sub-groups , there is infighting , some people leave the party for other parties or to create new ones etc. 
  this even could be compared to the green party who also was somewhat of a single issue party early on with a main focus environment and even two very different camps within the party ( realos vs fundis ) but somehow they kept it together . 
  which is kind of interesting compared to the more recent issues of other parties . 
  they are rather tiny though , at least here . 
  in germany they have to bus in austrian members on a regular basis for their publicity stunts ( which are mostly small scale as well ) . 
  the members mostly came from the npd youth organization ( neo nazi party ) , the hdj ( a banned neo-nazi organization ) and right wing fraternities . 
  overall 2/3 of the members were members of other right-wing extremist organizations before . 
  the group themselves said they have 400 members in germany , though the investigation of the newspaper points more towards slightly above 100 members . 
  that 's the big question . . seemingly he earned around 125m $ during his career but now is 30-40m $ or so in debt according to current rumours .
