  spouse and kids are included at no extra cost . 
  there are a few exeptions , if the spouse already got a private insurance beforehand they have to stick with it afaik . 
  also i think if both parents are employed then the insurance of the one with the higher salary covers the kids . 
  but for that you probably better ask someone who is married or has kids :d, 
  it 's public for me . 
  in germany the cost is split between employee and employer by law . 
  the public health insurance is 14.6 % of the gross salary . 
  but only 7.3 % of that are deducted from my salary . 
  the other 7.3 % are paid by the employer directly and on top of my salary but not part of my salary . 
  i had a look at check24.de which is a comparison website for insurances etc. 
  at my age ( 34 ) with a public insurance it varies between 17 $ and 60 $ per month . 
  an option for 40 $ / month which has a good rating there offers the following : - treatment by head physician - single bed room - price guarantee for old age ( stays at 40 $ / month ) - covers cost for day surgeries - simplified check-ups ( for severe illnesses ) ( ? ), 
  - they also cover rehab for up to 21 days per year with 100 $ / day and they pay you back money as well - if you say you do n't need the head physician you get 60 $ per day in hospital , and if you say you do n't need a single bed room you get another 40 $ per day back there are also a few other perks . 
  i think they only installed the projectors a short while ago - ca n't be too long . 
  i do n't remember if they already did that for the paris attacks . 
  i guess they saw that paris lights up the eiffel tower and i think new york does the same with the empire state building etc. . . and they wanted to be in the group with the cool kids . 
  if you want to see tables online you should check [wahlrecht.net ] ( http://www.wahlrecht.de/umfragen/index.htm ) . 
  they keep track of the `` what would you vote if elextions were next sunday '' polls by the seven biggest pollsters . 
  afaik the bias of insa / yougov is due to them using online polling while others use phone calls or direct questioning . 
  this skews their results as the older cdu/csu demographics are not as present online and thus underrepresented in those polls . 
  yeah , lidl has been on point with their youtube ads for the last 2-3 years - had quite a few go viral . 
  they are a german discounter - the whole concept of advertising at all is still a somewhat novel concept to them . 
  aldi pretty much just in the last few years took a few small steps into advertising - lidl has been a bit more open to this . 
  but a decade ago or so those two ( and similar discounters ) mostly saw ads just as a waste of money and an unnecessary expense . 
  for example aldi had its first ever tv commercial in germany aired on sept 11 , 2016 - four months ago . 
  i would hope this only applies after the thing went to court and it is proven that it indeed was a right-wing attack and that the asylum seekers were present at it . 
  if it is done that way i think the chances for exploitation are quite low and it would be fair to keep them here . 
  at least for retail automatic self-checkouts could take quite a few jobs . 
  they have not really taken off , yet , but looking at places like ikea that have used them for many years now you can see that usually 4 self-checkouts require only one person helping / observing instead of 4 cashiers . 
  plus they take less space . 
   just drive your lorry down the local shopping street ha ... here the christmas market is in the shopping street - outsmarted the terrorists :d, 
  considering that switzerland pretty much acts as the protection power for liechtenstein they would be screwed without them . 
  i think originally the split was ( in part ) over selling cigarettes - or so the legend goes . 
  one brother wanted to sell them and the other did not . 
  the former got aldi north and the latter got aldi south . 
  both are in the us though aldi nord has trader joe 's and aldi s\u00fcd is just aldi over there . 
  did n't the us kind of outsource the refugees they created in the first place with their `` freedom and democracy world tour '' ? 
  when is the us going to deal with the mess they created there ? 
  - experience in public relations - worked for government contractor - social media expert, 
  i always wonder how valid alexa.com really is - especially outside of english speaking countries . 
  if things continue like before then at some point bild will loose that status though . 
  they have fewer and fewer readers each year . 
  in 1998 they had 4.5 m daily issues . 
  in 2012 , the year of the articles you linked , they only had 2.5 m left . 
  in q3 2016 they are down below 1.9 m daily . 
   maybe \u0141ukasz was forced into driving the truck through the market unlikely - he was on the passenger seat . 
  there would have been no reason ( and not time ) to switch from the drivers seat to the passenger seat after driving through the market . 
  also as others have said someone who wants to be famous and a `` martyr '' because he believes he does the right thing . 
  that is a bit strange . . do n't know why that took them so long . 
  maybe they found it right away but first tried to match it to the original suspect ? 
  it seems he will also be the reason why we can identify the attacker . 
  the police just announced that they found an id / document that fell to the floor of the truck cabin either during the fight or during the crash . 
  so now they do have a name etc, 
  hmm . . 
  i used to live in the weggli area ... but i do not remember anyone saying that - i am pretty sure most people said weckle . 
  though coming origginally from the br\u00f6tchen area i never got used to that . 
  that 's duisburg - though not only fire trucks . 
  i think they mostly use those big plastic water tanks and then the entrances between them have fire trucks in case other vehicles need to pass through . 
  in my hometown they today actually parked firetrucks as `` mobile barriers '' between the road and the christmas market . 
  i do n't know if that is really practical today - especially in cities where there often might be construction sites and traffic jams and spontenious new routes due to the traffic situation . 
  and if you turn off a truck in the middle of a road inside a city without reason this might become quite costly for the truck owner considering the traffic jams that would cause . 
  and specifically for those christmas markets ... often enought they are on market squares or shopping streets which are directly connected to the roads ... so a truck pretty much can speed up right before that and smash into it anyway . 
  the best way for now probably is just putting up old fashioned barriers around the markets, 
  i also read that they straight up put him in a plane and sent him to karlsruhe ( seat of the federal prosecuters office ) - so local police probably did not have too much time to interogate him . 
  [ the newest update ] ( https://www.welt.de/politik/deutschland/article160462226/berliner-polizei-wir-haben-den-falschen-mann.html ) says that the guy the police arrested due to this guys description / chase is the wrong guy and that he actually has an alibi . 
  this also means that the real attacker is still on the run . 
  actually germany will permanently take command of a polish tank battalion and poland will take command of a german tank grenadier battalion - something that both countries agreed upon in 2014 . 
  in addition there is the [ multinational corps northeast ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/multinational_corps_northeast ) that combines german , polish and danish forces . 
  is there any traditional media in turkey that would / could still report this ? 
  i would assume the number is getting smaller and smaller . 
  usually you can buy them at gas stations / shops near the border . 
  oh i did not understand this as defending them no worries  and i agree that sometimes even the worst governments can do something right . 
   they did bring germany out of the great depression and even eisenhower was impressed by the nazi built highway system . 
  the german economy already was slightly recovering when the nazis came to power - and the autobahn construction ( which was not an idea of the nazis - just a plan from weimar times they implemented ) was a rather minor contribution to the overall recovery . 
  mostly it was due to the re-militarisation - a re-militarisation for which the nazis did not actually have money . 
  they also kind of cheated as they pushed women out of their jobs and filled the positions with men as housewifes were not considered unemployed . 
  it 's also not controversial in germany - people just say it on a regular basis without the historical baggage as it was in regular use before the nazis , unlike `` arbeit macht frei '' which is considered rather offensive as it almost exclusively was used in the nazi context . 
  more like 35 % - the ussr took 3.15 m german pows - 1.1 m of those died . 
  the ussr was not much better than nazi-germany when it came to the treatment of pows - usually it was off to camps where most of them died - but instead of gas chambers they just had them work themselves to death . 
  they even did the whole tattooing numbers on the prisoners thing the nazis did with the jews . 
  while germany and belgium could spend more i 'd say greece is a bad example - they kind of have to spend more due to their ongoing animosities with turkey - another nato member . 
  they do n't spend that much because of nato or to help nato . 
  oh i clicked the article but thought the one with the yellow background was it :d, 
  looking at this it seems to me it is missing something - satire does not have to be laugh out loud . . but it should have a message . 
  just showing her on the ground kind of says nothing . 
  the german government recently decided that isps can not force customers to use their own router / modem ( which some of them tried ) . 
  i expect the number of isp-controlled / provided routers to go down in the future as a result . 
   german islamist spy of spanish descent gay porn fixed it for you, 
  yes - i guess the best way probably would be to give tax breaks and/or subsidies to gas stations if they put up charging stations . 
  they already have the property and they have their little stores which are the real profit makers because no one is really making money from selling gas stations or charging stations alone . 
  a lot of those take pretty long to charge though . 
  if they want to compete they need to be as quick as a regular gas station - so < 5 min for charging 100 % . 
  maybe < 10 min are already good enough . 
  germany and the netherlands [ ended some border dispute two years ago as well ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/germany-and-the-netherlands-end-centuries-old-border-dispute/a-18020219 ) . 
  it 's about the nautical border between islands and both countries agreed that they actually do n't know where the border is but that it also is not that important and they 'll just work together in that area . 
  i 'd say that is the problem it seems to be a bit arbitrary . 
  to include only nato forces on russian borders but then include all russian forces everywhere including the ones next to a nato country but not showing the nato base in that nato country especially since that base in turkey was extensively used against the ussr during the cold war - be it to launch spy planes or to station ballistic nuclear missiles . 
  and even today it is still mostly used for power projection - but more directed to the middle east currently . 
  i 'm not really a friend of russian foreign policy and quite in favor of nato showing a bit more teeth . . but that image seems to be a bit misleading . 
  why does it include russian forces in/around georgia but not the massive nato base in incirlik , turkey that has thousands of us and other nato troops ?
