  [ eurostat gdp pps 2015 ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:gdp_at_current_market_prices,_2005_and_2013%e2%80%932015_yb16.png ) us - 13,677 b eu - 14,635 b, 
  got curious and looked her up - she lost her title of miss germany as she did marry within a year after she was awarded the title . 
  seems she did not care too much about it . 
  [ it went up and down quite a lot ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ms.mil.xpnd.gd.zs?locations=gr ) . 
  in 2008 it was 2,983 %, 
  when it first came up there were quite a few czechs here who did not like it ... maybe it now is being pushed by non-czechs who just do not want to write czech republic every time ... 
   they 'd have no reliable way of projecting power past their own borders . 
  the danish and german navies co-own the ro/ro ships ark germania and ark dania which sail under the danish flag . 
  they are operated for regular freight transports by a shipping company most of the time but can be used on demand by either navy . 
  but that is why they are not listed as naval ships for either country . 
  each one can transport 185 trucks and 342 containers . 
  they sure can build one in 3-5 years - it might only be slightly better than the north korean icbms ... but yeah ... :d, 
  is n't it the opposite - that the bottom is the coldest part ? 
  people would have to click the link and read the text - so it 's no help for them because they will not do that . 
  as someone mentioned that was recon tornados used in syria . 
  afaik a firmware / software update screwed the brightness settings or something similar . 
  so it was more something that happened while they already were deployed but that also was fixed rather quickly . 
  no , the white house staff will be his own that he has to bring in . 
  the current staff leaves with obama . 
  supposedly even trumps team did not know this until after the election and assumed that the white house staff would be available to them when they move in . 
  fun fact - oliver cromewell believed in a thousand year empire he would create as a member of the fifth monarchist - the fifth monarchists were active for 11 years before being finished by the restoration . 
  hitler also believed in a thousand year empire he would create and he ruled as f\u00fchrer for 11 years before he was done . 
  you have to bend the numbers a bit to make it fit ( not counting the year where hitler was only chancellor , but counting the years in which cromwell was not lord protector ) . . but still ... it 's close enough , 
  i think your idea regarding focussing on few fields instead of many sounds reasonable . 
  i guess i can agree with that . 
  well let me reformulate that - `` need is a driver of innovation '' . 
  during war there are just a lot of needs that are very urgent as survival might depend on it . 
  in peace time there are less needs that are also less urgent - but there is no total absense of needs . 
  i guess an example would be electric vehicles and renewable energy . 
  there is a need for those as fossil fuel is not infinite so there is innovation . 
  but we also will not run out of them in the next 5 years - so the pace of innovation is slower . 
  i guess you could classify the cold war as a driver of innovation as well - while not an active war , there was a credible threat of war and the preparation that goes along with that . 
  that covered a long time frame and a lot of the space exploration and the internet etc can be attributed to that . 
   imagine the amount of advances that have been lost simply by someone being killed in a war while that is true , wars are also drivers of innovation . 
  sure mostly for things that go boom or help you make other things go boom ... but after the war there often enough are civilian applications as well . 
  so without wars we might be far more backwards technologically as there would often be no reason to innovate beyond what you need . 
  they are likely not going to settle in prague or rome etc. 
  it 's primarily between paris and frankfurt with some going to brussels or dublin instead . 
  and do you really want to let the french have them ? 
  it 's titled well enough - the title does not mention brands . 
  it 's more that vw wants to be a luxury brand - see their failed phaeton model . 
  and at least in china they seem to have some success with that as that is the only market that gets the phideon , the phaeton successor . 
  not slapping a tax on - removing a tax benefit . 
  tesla got pissed because they suddenly were taxed the same as every other car and as a result much less attractive . 
  while i as a german hope that a lot of them move to germany ... 
  i think realistically they probably will just move a few individual departments that are required for passporting etc. 
  would not make too much sense to move everyone over for many companies . 
  so london probably will retain most of them . 
  i guess there is a difference between coming together and moving on though . 
  just because people do not fight it or complain anymore does not mean that they like it or even support it . 
  oslo does not surpise me . . norway gives so many tax benefits etc to electric cars that norway probably makes up large part of all electric car sales in europe . 
  in all of germany for the whole year of 2016 exactly 1908 new teslas were registered . 
  well , i did contribute to the discussion with multiple posts regarding teh topic . 
  you did nothing of that sort . 
  clearly you try to defend your content-less shitposting for some reason . 
  i just play along and have fun teasing you , 
  good bye my friend . 
  maybe you learned something today . 
  it 's very weak . 
  this makes me very sad . 
  you energy is too low - it does not satisfy me either . 
  your trolling is weak . 
  sad . 
   tesla sold 91.000 cars in europe in the first half of 2016 alone that is just wrong . 
  that is the number of all electric cars sold in europe . 
  tesla is rather tiny over here . 
  depending on the month tesla has a market share among electric vehicles between 5-10 % . 
  so their european sales of h1 should be somewhere between 4500 and 9000 cars . 
  actually i did in a follow up post that i already posted when you wrote this comment . 
  seems you not only say not much but also do not read much either . 
   randomly fired missiles will not hit anything . 
  that was more of a joke ... because what are you going to do with 1000 facs ? 
  where would you hide them ... its one thing to have a dozen or so hidden somewhere ... but good luck trying to apply your tactics to 1000 boats in such small areas :d, 
  i mean your ideas are more or less implementing horde mode . 
   200 subs ( which cost about $ 500m per piece , not $ 100m unless you looked at a very outdated design ) , 1000 facs and 13k piranhas instead of tanks ... that is not going to get you anywhere . 
  where do you get the crews for the subs and ships ? 
  those add extra cost and as things are it already is difficult to hire sub crews as this is one of the most unattractive jobs . 
  where do you park all those subs and facs ? 
  you 'll have to build new harbors and if you pile up too many at one harbor its just a big target . 
  what will you do with 200 subs and 1k facs anyway ? 
  without force projection you mostly would use them in the north sea , baltic sea and mediterranean ... russia might just blindly fire a few torpedoes/missiles here and there and they will likely hit something because they would be everywhere . 
  and the facs will mostly be cannon fodder . . they do not have any big radars or long range anti air missiles for the most part . 
  that would be immitating irans navy policy . . we probably can do better than that . 
  if you want to look up what happens when cheap facs try to take on big ships look up the battle off the coast of abkhazia in 2008 . 
  the russian ships were not even damaged by the georgian facs . 
  and just using apcs/ifvs instead of tanks will just mean lots of dead people on your side when they would encounter tanks . 
  that is not what they are used for or intended for . 
  they are there to protect / support infantry against infantry and light vehicles . 
  sorry your ideas are nonsense and soooo unrealistic ... :d i do n't know where to begin . 
  and i am not even a military guy . . but that is just common sense . 
  arent the biggest cost factors for the military salaries and pensions ? 
  i think russia and china get a lot further with their money in that regard than western states - especially western states with professional non-conscription armies . 
  how about the donar ? 
  to me it looks like a lighter , more automated , lower cost version of the pzh 2000 . 
  especially the reduction of crew requirements from 3 +2 down to only 2 seems suitable for militaries with less available manpower . 
  even the archer has a standard of 2 +2 crew members even if it can be operated by 2 in emergencies . 
  yes , just germany, 
  germany did strike a deal with morocco to support them in front of the eu where morocco has some issues with an agriculture and fishery treaty that includes western sahara . 
  in return morocco should rather swiftly take back the immigrants . 
  at least that is how it is supposed to be .
