  today there is a right wong demonstration planned in front of this apartment complex ... and a counter demonstration as well . 
  the police has been expecting riots from neo nazis and left wingers coming here from far away just to fight the others . 
  as it looks now in local news though so far it has been rather calm despite some of the left wingers trying to provoke the right wingers . . but it also seems they did not get any reinforcements as feared . . and only 16 showed up . . with about 900 counter protestors ( including 80-100 far left wingers ) . 
  overall the whole situation is a mess . 
  ** what is being done ? 
  ** the city officials together with city officials from dortmund try to get legislation passed in the state that demands 6sqm living space per child or 9sqm per adult as the minimum in apartments . 
  this probably would mean that a great deal of those now living in that apartment complex would have to be moved out as it would be overcrowded according to such a legislation . 
  ** my personal opinion ? 
  ** if you have been found guilty of a crime . . off you go back to your native country . 
  even if it is just a minor crime . 
  one might differentiate between 1-2 year re-entry bans for minor crimes and 5-10 year bans or permanent bans for bigger or numerous crimes . 
  this will not happen though i think . 
  this proposed minimum square meter living space legislation does not solve the crime issue or the issue of most romas not being willing to integrate in western societies . 
  the issue would just be moved to other or spread to more places . 
  well there is the german nsu where the trial is still ongoing . 
  however they made their crimes never really known and the police originally attributed it to some kind of turkish mafia killings . 
  though those guys did prepare videos etc to be released and had plans to scare primarily turkish people into leaving the country . 
  so they kind of were a terrorist organisation . 
  still it is an exception . 
  right wing violence is an issue certainly , but it more often originates from random neo-nazi thugs and not from organized terrorist groups . 
  you are right that there are too many `` mini jobs '' in germany and wages could be better ... on the other hand having a job at all is better than having no job in an economy that went down the drains . 
  not really new ... 
  die linke / the left also used the `` legalize ! '', 
  issue for their campaigns in the past ... 
  the german-russian ties were much closer when we still had schr\u00f6der as chancellor . 
  he and putin are best friends forever and ever ... with merkel the relations actually cooled down a bit again . 
  i ( as one of the few germans seemingly ) did actually not watch the series ... so i can not obviously talk on the series itself . 
  but regarding the points made 1 ) i can understand that this might be a not so clever choice of words . 
  it might be better to call them german organized / run camps in poland . 
  2 ) i think that actually is fine . 
  there were nazis or nazi sympathizers everywhere . . certainly fewer in some countries than in others but i do not see anything wrong in this choice of words . 
  3 ) this relates to point 2 . . you had anti-semitism everywhere , in some countries more and in others less and poland certainly had its fair share of that . 
  if a german says that i understand that some might think that is the wrong kind of person to tell someone this . . but it does not change history . 
  and while there where times in which jews had it better in poland - especially after 1935 it went downhill and by 1937 you had quotas and segregation for example at universities , many offices etc could only be joined by christians - effectively expluding jews ( academics , lawers , public offices ) etc. . 4 ) on the one hand it is understandable that those people affected would want their lost property back ... most of them after all were just civilians . 
  however within germany they are not the most popular group either as they often come across as borderline nationalist / overly patriotic right wing etc. . 
  so they have some supporters , some opponents . . and many more people who just do n't care in germany . 
  they are probably a much bigger topic in poland than they are over here . 
  you are of course right and one always should remember this . 
  however the greens transformation / move more towards the center made them electable for many in the first place . 
  the thing is the greens are seen as a left wing environmental party . . but that is only one part of them . 
  a big part is really conservative though ( realos ) , with a focus on some green issues of course , but still much closer to the cdu/csu than many want to believe . 
  i voted for them in the nrw state elections ... kind of to give them a chance to proove themselves . 
  they failed . 
  i will not vote for them again . 
  might as well vote for the animal protection party or the party of bible believing christians if you want to waste you votes . 
  so back to one of the big 4 for me . 
  still have to decide which one would be the lesser evil though , 
  i would guess germany ends up somewhere between 12th and 15th place ... just some boring mainstream song ... 
  yes ... well in 99 % of the cases anyway . 
   our voting system is slightly complicated . 
  there are so called direct mandates , basically if a candidate for parliaments wins in his/her electoral district , that is a direct mandate . 
  now if a party has at least three such `` district winners '' the party gets into the parliament even if it has below 5 % of the votes . 
  their seats are then counted according to their percentage . 
  this happened the last time in 1994 though : the left wing pds got only 4.4 % of the vote , but 4 direct mandates =  due to the 4.4 % share of the votes this meant 30 seats in parliament . 
  and if this is not complicated enough for you , we can do better  should it happen that a party has more direct mandates than the seats they would have gotten due to the percentage of the vote ... they will get extra seats . 
  this mostly happens with the big two main parties as most district winners come from one of those two . 
  this is the reason why the current parliament officially has 598 seats , but actually 620 members of parliament , 
  it 's kind of interesting that in eastern germany pretty much the opposite happened . 
  i never really thought about that . 
  can you provide sources on your second part ? 
  all i find is stuff like that : [ germany backs revival of russia 's south stream gas pipeline project ] ( http://www.themoscowtimes.com/business/article/germany-backs-revival-of-russia-s-south-stream-gas-pipeline-project/513348.html ) [ is germany 's merkel trying to resuscitate the south stream pipeline ? 
  ] ( http://nsnbc.me/2014/12/16/is-germanys-merkel-trying-to-resuscitate-the-south-stream-pipeline/ ), 
  except for the part of europe that agrees with germany of course . . which is not a small part . 
  when it comes to greece other countries have an even tougher stance than germany ... but everybody chose to just look and point their fingers at germany . 
  and while i am not too happy about the way the refugee crisis is handled it is more to the point of me thinking germany should push other countries more to do their part . 
  well left wingers do set fires to bundeswehr vehicle parks for example . . and they did so rather often . 
  or do you remember the guy setting fire to the train track switches in berlin ? 
  sure it might not yet been the same level as the raf in recent past ... and the last 1-2 years seem to have been rather quiet on the front but there are certainly enough people in those circles just waitin for an opportunity to again start something like that . 
   it 's not like we give them tickets to leave . 
  actually italy did pretty much exactly that about two years ago . 
  they paid many refugees up to 500 $ in cash and gave them a 3 months residence permit valid for the whole schengen area if they in return promised to move to another country . 
  i do n't know if that is still ongoing though . 
  there were some complaints about that back then . 
  germany actually started doing this recently . 
  well , the interior ministry and federal police did publish a video aimed at people from the balkan area showing them that chances for asylum are pretty slim . 
  [ here is a zeit article ] ( http://www.zeit.de/gesellschaft/zeitgeschehen/2015-08/abschiebung-asyl-fluechtlinge-balkan-innenministerium-video ) [ and here is a spiegel article including the video ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/politik/ausland/fluechtlinge-diese-kampagnen-sollen-asylbewerber-abschrecken-a-1046719.html ) in june they put up ads in the six biggest albanian newspapers as well . 
  paying them to leave does not work . 
  even if one would think so since , as you said that money is worth more over there than here . 
  germany did try that in 1983 with the `` law for encouragement of readiness to repatriate for foreigners '' ( well my translation is a bit weak ) . 
  that law offered unemployed foreigners ( that lost work due to the company going bankrupt ) , specifically turks , tunisians , yugoslavs , moroccans , koreans , spanish and portuguese , 10,500 dm ( ~ $ 10k today ) plus 1,500 dm per child if they would return . 
  employed foreigners could claim back the pension payments they made while working in germany . 
  by the end of the deadline they received only about 3200 applications ( 80 % by turks ) . 
  and those were people coming from more or less stable countries . 
  it was a huge flop . 
  and the 10 pfennig coin was a groschen ... but even that has stopped although we could have kept it for the 10 cents coin ... but i have never heard anyone use this anymore after we changed to the new currency . 
  theoretically there also should be a tiny green spot in eastern germany where sorbian is spoken . 
  haribo  ( or alternatively katjes or trolli who are german as well ), 
  neither the duden , nor google know this word , except for some company / product names . 
  so i would say that you are wrong in this regard . 
  oh it certainly is because the german order was to kill everyone , including women and children . 
  that is the genocide part . 
  had they just killed armed men , or even unarmed men old enough to carry weapons it would `` just '' have been your typical colonial war . 
  the goal was the extermination of a certain group of people . 
  that is what a genocide is . 
  and since there were only 80k - 100k herero , killing 65k-85k of them has killed a significant number of that population . 
  in case of the nama , 10k of a total population of 20k were killed . 
  springer ( bild ) bought n24 a few years ago from pro7sat1 . 
  though springer recently decided to merge n24 and die welt ( newspaper ) , and n24 will be renamed to welt ( or welt tv or some such ) n-tv is owned by the rtl group , and used to be part owned by cnn . 
  i guess it was more of a joke by the original poster . 
  mr. varoufakis is someone who gets around a lot . . be it working in the us or jetting through europe . . so he comes in contact with a lot of different languages ... many of those use * n. . . * for no .
