  why does it include russian forces in the far east ? 
  yes they are bordering russia , but they do n't have much to do with the eu . 
  it just makes russian forces look bigger / more threatening on that image . 
  the `` internet people '' made their own party ... which was the pirate party germany ... after a quick rise and getting into some state parliaments it promptly imploded due to internal quarrels and general ineptitude . 
  but that would have been the party focussed on those issues . 
  the dollar is also dropping somewhat ... 
  and the funny thing is that the eu constantly was bending the rules for the uk and giving them special treatment . 
  i certainly would welcome the eu being even less flexible in this regard and stop giving special favours to individual countries . 
  that just undermines the eu . 
  we 'll put this to a public vote , 
  and those countries could n't do a deal with the us as the us is poorer than them - if they would apply the same rule . 
  if they ca n't make up there mind in the foreseeable future then the eu should look at pushing their own button ... article 7 that is . 
  that would strip the uk of their voting rights . 
  you also conveniently picked out the only one with an ambassador as father . 
  though i would bet that she has more connections from various social events than that guy . 
  so actually yes . 
  maybe not diplomatic connections ... more more influential connections . 
  but that is besides the point - i think both options are pretty bad in general and a country - especially as big as the us - should not appoint their ambassadors that way at all . 
  you were the one complaining about ivana trump - that is literally the same thing - getting a job because of connections / networking despite lacking the experience / qualifications . 
  it 's also not really relevant what his father did . 
  well the countries do n't have much choice in this matter anyway . 
  and us ambassadors as others have said are often enough basically laymen who get rewarded for contributing to the election campaign . 
  this probably says more about the us than about the country that hosts the ambassador . 
  the current us ambassador to france has some experience in foreign relations for example ... but she got the job because she collected $ 500k for obamas re-election campaign . 
  the us ambassdador before that among other things was known for having `` served as ceo of wildbrain where he won a bafta award as executive producer of the hit tv series yo gabba gabba ! '' . 
  he also got the job because he was a successful fundraiser for obamas first election campaign . 
  the ambassador before that was the co-owner of the texas rangers baseball team . 
  the other owner just happened to be george w. bush who appointed him as ambassdor . 
  the guy before that was a businessman . . . before that you had a banker . . and so on . . 
  the small countries ( without a beach and sun ) are like those that get career diplomats because no one would see a position there as a reward . 
  the big countries or the holiday destinations get amateur-ambassadors . 
  you do n't exactly have to in germany either but it 's not a bad idea . 
  you pay for the regular waste bin based on size . 
  paper bins or collection and plastic bins or bags are pretty much free on the other hand . 
  so by throwing less trash into the regular bin you can use a smaller one and save some money . 
  germany still has heligoland we traded with the uk for zanzibar in 1890 . 
  though it is not exactly an overseas territory . 
  what you say does not even make sense . 
  that is a moronic argument . 
  there are plenty of parties to vote for and half a dozen can get into parliament . 
  just because people vote to keep a party in charge for 4 more years does not make it a dictatorship or a one party system like china . 
  that 's plain stupid . 
  i would n't see it like that . 
  germans like stability for the most part . 
  and in general despite the whole refugee crisis the economy has been stable and actually doing well . 
  there would be a viable alternative in a left wing coalition - if there are enough votes for social democrats , greens and the left ( socialists ) then they could replace merkel . 
  but it is unlikely to happen at least . 
  and to the right of her there is the afd ... but unlike waht is often said on reddit and elsewhere . . they are just not that popular . 
  it 's not like in the us where you have a majority of the population voting for one thing and then you get the exact opposite . 
  yes - galileo certainly is important for the military to become independent of the us controlled gps . 
  and with how quick the military is in updating systems ... we might see the first european tanks or fighter jets using galileo in 2030 . . or so . 
  true - but i guess mostly to not go against the non-proliferation treaty . 
  technically they would still be french with french flags on them but supposedly the german half would have been under full german control . 
   i 'm not sure france and the uk would give away the control of their nuclear capabilities . 
  france wanted to give germany half their nuclear arsenal a few years ago . 
  they also wanted germany to pay for half of the maintenance cost and r&d etc. 
  germany refused . 
  so far the belgian reaction to the issues with their npp seems to be `` that does n't look like anything to me '' meanwhile 80 + german , dutch and french cities and communities across the borders try to get it shut down while distributing iodine pills to the population for the worst case scenario - . -, 
  to be fair - [ right wing organizations are banned as well ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/liste_in_deutschland_verbotener_rechtsextremer_organisationen ) usually they are just smaller and regional though unlike this islamist one that was acting nationwide . 
  so it does not make big news . 
  this year two right wing organizations have been banned nationwide - altermedia deutschland and weisse w\u00f6lfe terrorcrew . 
  though most bans are just through states as those groups are only regional, 
  germany already is active in mali actually . 
  in a few months we are even supposed to send attack helicopters there to replace the dutch helicopters once they leave . 
  and germany at least has a limited role in northn iraq / syria with supplying / training the peshmerga as well as flying reconn and refueling planes ( though no bombing missions ), 
  and while germany has some crowded places , the east is rather sparsely populated in large parts as well . 
  actually not . 
  or rarely . 
  in my city they commission graffiti artists to paint over tags etc on train stations . 
  and those artworks usually are left alone by taggers afterwards . 
  maybe he was carrying 100kg but 1kg would be customs free , so only 99kg are smuggled ? 
  well , maybe you are and you only have to accept it and come out . 
  though i assume it would be hard to tell your family that you feel like a brit and want to undergo nationality re-assigment procedures . 
  as someone else mentioned , romania currently has a gunship version of the old puma . 
  so a version based on the newer super puma sounded reasonable . 
  i have to say that is a nice name for the helicopter . 
  most of it does not really look like offering them anything but just listing of the stuff already there . 
  the exceptions being the 2 days sightseeing tour in paris and the free admission to attractions in prague . 
  they should paint them in rainbow colors . 
  this way they can have tanks and upset the russians , 
  just yesterday i was looking into buying a blu-ray box set of `` dark matter '' . . not available in germany . 
  only on amazon.co.uk ... but even they only have a dvd box set . . and that would be like buying vhs nowadays . 
  so that was a pass for me . 
  germany and the netherlands also still had border disputes between their north sea islands until 2-3 years ago . 
  at the end both sides agreed that they do not actually know / care where the exact border is and that both sides will take care of the border region . 
  the military force consists of 1100 soldiers ( incl . 
  50 members of the military band ) plus 75 recruits and 2 civilians . 
  that is according to wikipedia . 
  but yeah might be that this just has not come up yet . 
  eh , i wait for more details . 
  remember there was also a witness who said the guy who went on a rampage in munich shouted allahu-akbar - and then it turned out that the guy was a nazi . 
  could be . 
  it literally says `` from february 1899 from here '' , which sounds a bit clunky . 
  but could indeed mean that this is just a new location that opened there at that time and they did not take down the sign . 
   ns2 will make germany the reseller of gas to much of the east . 
  pipelines are unidirectional . 
  unless we build pipelines going west to east there will not be too much reselling from germany to the east due to ns2 . 
  no , the ship sailed half way across the world because it was hired to do that . 
  the captain seemingly used that opportunity to demand payment from potential crew members to be allowed on that trip so they could later apply for asylum . 
  at least that is how i understood it .
