yeah , but his first name is also hungarian which means he 's from a hungarian family, 
  very true , the moment he feels he can get away with another annexiation , he 'll do it, 
  it 's not that he 'll press some `` nuke the world button '' but his presidency is gon na have some long lasting effects on the political climate of the world . 
  brexit was supposed to be a wakeup call as well , not much has changed, 
  can we please stop blaming it on gypsies everytime someone says something bad about us ? 
  not familiar with french politics , what exactly did he do to piss everyone off this badly ? 
  it 's europe in general , all european states are experiencing low birth rates . 
  this could never work , you can give people the best living conditions possible and that wo n't mean they 'll actually have children.the problem is n't economic , it 's cultural and there is no clear solution to it . 
  in the city of timisoara not transylvania, 
  i think it 's less about him getting dumber and more about him not caring about his image anymore, 
  ofcourse radical islam existed before the us got involved in the middle east , i did not imply otherwise , but an ideology is powerless as long as long as it does not have followers.the us invading iraq and even earlier , them supporting israel are what gave these people credibility in the eyes of the masses and caused many to flock to their banners.most importantly this is what directed them at the west specifically and not some other group of `` infidels '' . 
  the middle east has been a shitty place for the past 700 years and it certainly would n't have improoved much even if america had not gotten involved.but i 'd rather have a shitty place full of fundamentalists who keep to themselves rather than one which is full of fundamentalists that continuously plot terror attacks on the west . 
  i 'm sure they 'll take it to heart if you phrase it nicely . 
  / s the seeds of dissent have long been sown.at this point , universally convincing the muslim public that nobody is ought to get them and these terrorists are n't brave heroes striking back at the crusading west is a tall order , they already have the enemy clearly set in their mind . 
  the worst part of america 's involvement in the middle east was n't the creation of these terror organisations but the cultural mark it left throughout the islamic world . 
  and still , he was clearly inspired by the wave of islamic terrorism the us accidentally kickstarted . 
  i 'm not saying every single attack should be traced back to the us ' involvement in the middle east , some people are mentally ill and will stop at nothing to harm others but most of these terrorists still need a target , a boogeyman , someone they can attack while still believing they are doing the right thing.the us essentially put this target on the back of the western world . 
  really?the us ' foreign policy is the reason al qaeda targeted the west in the first place and were able to make their message known throught the muslim world.isis is also basically a product of the us occupation of iraq.it 's not ridiculous at all to pin the blame on america . 
  what do you mean the ussr?poland , hungary , romania and bulgaria were never part of it . 
  wait , what 's the source for that ? 18 million seems quite optimistic for us . 
  unless she plans to burn europe to the ground i do n't see why this subreddit would stop existing.this is n't an eu sub inherently , it just happens to be full of pro-eu people . 
  why?nothing bad happened in america or britain yet , why would they serve as an example ? 
  yes , just like crimea!the annexiation was done according to the will of the people therefore everyone should recognise it !, 
  should they not regret it ? 
  we had extremists ? 
  flair checks out . 
  what caused the french population growth to stall?as far as i know it was the only european country to experience that . 
  do explain further , i belive something similar to the electoral college would be the best way to represent smaller states . 
  extinction is not the problem ( as of yet ) , the problem is the ageing of the workforce and the pension problem this creates . 
  each generation would have to become exponentially more productive than the last , with lower numbers , to be able to sustain the growing pensioner population.simply put , there will be a breaking point where the workers can no longer sustain the costs of welfare and at that point , the retirees would either have to be sustained by their children ( which a very large proportion of them wouldnt have ) or be left to starve . 
  do n't celebrate yet , a le pen win in france is very much possible and it would mean the end of the eu . 
  great ... now she can play the victim and attract even more attention . 
  19.9 is an outdated figure , right now we 're about to fall under 19 million.also , the vast majority of those people working in foreign countries will never return home , still adding them to the statistics is hopeful at best . 
  and ofcourse this is a good thing because by the time i 'll retire we 'll all be living in a perfect automated communist utopia with universal basic income and no racial tesnions where nobody has to work anymore and i can sit on my ass all day . 
  besides , we can obviously fix overpopulation by dying off and giving all the other peoples of the world some breathing room !, 
  if only they 'd have been this dedicated on election day . 
  constanta as a whole was a melting pot of cultures : bulgarians , greeks , turks , romanians , tatars , ukrainians even some albanians.the region was only assimilated during the communist period . 
  it was colonised by greeks in the antiquity but from what i recall the greek minority there was actually made up of settlers who came there during the ottoman rule . 
  france should have higher influence within the eu , at the very least equal to germany . 
  no , refugees and migrants do n't count as tourists as of yet . 
  wait , they changed it?i 'm preety sure i saw a shittier version of this earlier . 
  the usa is a multi-racial state and it seems stable enough.but that 's not my main problem with this . 
  le pen supporters seem to assume that she is somehow going to make france homogenous again and that 's simply not true.even if she did actually act up on all her promises , france would still be left with a growing 8-10 % muslim minority.the only thing her policies would achieve is slightly slow down this growth at the cost of alienating this minority even further and creating even more tensions between groups . 
  i highly doubt putin is just gon na let them walk away like that.even if that was the case , why would the eu/nato even want to take belarus in?tensions are already high , if we took in belarus things may reach a boiling point . 
  i do n't see how being unbiased is a bad thing for a news outlet.if people truly care about the subject matter , they can make up their own opinions.why should the news tell you how to feel about what they are reporting ? 
  completely unrelated.german intelligence was reporting on russian involvement in germany , this is directed at russian citizens . 
  i do n't see how an increase in crime rates means the country is about to collapse . 
  le pen is openly pro-russia , do you think her voters actually care about her receiving money from them ? 
  at this point i 'm not so sure about macron 's chances.the russians have proven adept at manipulating people.they have enough time to dig up some dirt on macron and he 's already not exactly a paragon of virtue . 
  regionalism only makes it harder for the goverment to act.unless a region has some extreme cultural differences , i do n't see why you 'd want to grant them more autonomy . 
  at this rate we 'll never catch up to hungary , let alone the west ... 
  how does he plan to make up for the loss of austerity income ? 
  nationalists have been using the large numbers of migrants and refugees being allowed into the eu as their main campaign point for some time now.it 's very effective at making people go out and vote as they feel like the goverment is trying to replace them.if you ask le pen/trump/geert voters why they support these politicians , what 's the first thing they will bring up?the muslim immigrants . 
  many people , especially in eastern europe , feel as if their countries are being bossed around by germany when it comes to the migrant quotas.threatening to cut off their funds for refusing to abide to said qutoas certainly has n't helped . 
  the whole relocation and resettlement plan completely butchered public support for the eu . 
  there 's a ton of things.he 's been president of the european parliment for the past 5 years and therefore people associate many of the eu 's failings during that period with him.there 's also worries that he 's only using the eu as a means of furthering germany 's interests.besides that , he also plans on continuing the eu 's policy on refugees which has essentially enabled all the the nationalist and populist movements across europe , this i definitely disagree with . 
  there 's a bunch more , i 'm sure some german redditors who know more on the subject can explain further . 
  it sounds a lot better in context , he 's essentially saying that it 's in germany 's best interests to strenghten europe . 
  i 'm still not sure what to think about schulz though , he seems rather controversial , especially outside of germany . 
   redditor for 1 hour yep, 
  yes , that is the reason why putin does not want a full fledged war.i did not imply otherwise . 
  it 's not a true war between russia and ukraine , russia is simply supporting the separatists.if they really wanted to take ukraine , they 'd reach kiev in a matter of hours . 
  hamon also has no chance of winning . 
  i do n't think anyone is trying to hide it , just look above . 
   population growth is not necessarily a good thing a state 's population is a very important factor in deciding it 's overall economic potential.population growth can cause problems in states which are not prepared to handle it or are already overpopulated , but in a highly developed state which has already hit it 's development ceiling , population growth is not only helpfull but required to maintain any significant economic growth.for example , a state like luxembourg could never hold any real power despite it 's high development simply because it is too small . 
   economic development is good only if it improves the living conditions of the people economic development * tends * to improve the living conditions of the people , even when it does not it still helps the state.i 'd rather have a state with an improving economy and stagnating living conditions than a state which fails on both fronts . 
  as for israel , it 's power does not come from it 's land or it 's economy , it comes from the great amount of influence it holds with outside countries , which it gained through some special circumstances . 
   people are like a non-newtonian fluid - the more force you apply , the more they resist true , you always need to be carefull with drastic changes but that does not mean said changes are impossible to achieve . 
  nobody knows precisely how we 'll fare in the future but there are some certainties.such as the fact that europe is getting outpaced by the rest of the world in terms of economic and population growth.this will cause european states to become less and less relevant on the world stage as time goes on . 
  an european federation would be a way to counteract this process as even in the worst case scenario , it would still be a world power . 
  that scenario is unlikely but not impossible , it depends on the political climate which would exist at that time . 
  keeping them outside of europe would definitely help public opinion . 
  this was ... unexpected, 
  psd proposes amnesty bill that would put a stop to hundreds of investigations on politicians thus getting a lot of their members out of trouble.pnl and usr supporters organise a protest against this bill , president iohannis joins the protesters , expresses his support for them and proposes this referendum . 
  if the rest did not bother to vote then that signals that they did n't care about the elections and were fine with either outcome.those 18 % that voted for psd constitue the largest part of the voter base and stand by psd 's decisions . 
  the thing is psd * has * public support , not only did they win the elections but they won by a very large margin . 
  the only way i would support people taking to the streets in this manner would be if the goverment did something unconstitutional but psd did nothing of the sort.the proposal that spawned this demonstration was n't being forced on anybody , it was going to go through the institutions just like any other . 
  is it not horribly undemocratic that a small minority could make the elected goverment back off on a decision ? 
  that 's exactly the problem.the unemployed people in the rural areas are in that situation because of the loss of jobs which came with heavy population decline.where there might 've been some low skilled jobs for those people to work in services or agriculture nothing is left because the depopulation has killed the demand for those.what do these people do when there are no jobs around?they move to the cities where there is an abundance of those.by moving out they speed the rural depopulation even further , killing even more jobs and causing more people to move to the cities.the reason urban centers have maintained a stable population is because of this rural migration as normally people living in the cities are much less likely to have children . 
  there is a problem with this : the migration will not last forever , eventually it will either stop or reach insignificant levels since the rural population would have become too diminished by then.when that happens , cities will begin declining as well both in terms of population and economically . 
  not even gon na mention the aging of the workforce and the pension problem this creates . 
  this model ca n't be sustained forever , eventually eastern european goverments will either have to apply natalist policies or attract immigration , the problem is that the longer they sit by and wait the harder the situation becomes to fix . 
  the rapid urbanisation is only making the population decline worse.it is not a positive change . 
  very bad move from him.the media was already pinning the protests on him , this will only make it worse . 
  true , yet being part of a superpower saves you from being bullied by other powerful countries . 
  whenever the eu is the best way to go for europe is debatable , what 's truly worrying though is what would happen upon it 's collapse . 
  were it to split up , it 's failure would be used as an argument against any future similar project thus essentially ending any large scale european cooperation.any solutions to common problems would be regional and not europe-wide . 
  secondly , europe would lose it 's relevance on the international scale even more than it already has.being united under a single trade bloc gave the eu countries a voice internationally , a stronger voice than any single country would have . 
  also , considering how the current situation is developing , nato might be unreliable in the future and without an european union , eastern europe would be at risk.the baltics , poland , romania could be at risk of russian aggresion , while russia might not be looking to annex these countries outright , they would definitely be trying to expand their sphere of influence . 
  in western europe , the politicians who are most strongly opposed to the eu are nationalists.besides the fact that conflicts could arise between countries , these people generally got their popularity because of racial tensions and badly managed immigration control.the problem is , they are only able to fix one of these , the immigration , most countries in western europe have already become quite multicultural and they wo n't stop being that way just because said politicians got elected.the only things these people would accomplish is cause even more violence and limit personal freedom and privacy even further . 
  the current state of the eu is terrible , what it needs is reform , not people looking at every single one of it 's flaws as an excuse to ditch it.personally i belive the union should be maintained for as long as possible , even if that means `` making an example '' of britain . 
  the eu does need to punish britain , if britain thrives outside the eu their succsess will encourage other countries to abbandon the union.it 's not nice but it would n't make sense to simply let britain leave with the best deal possible . 
  yay, 
  this could either go really well or * really * badly for the eu.either way , the coming years will be interesting . 
  protest demanding the right to protest for the right to protest ? 
  i 'm more worried about the long term effects this will have on the country 's population.romania already has devastatingly low fertility rates , combined with the emmigration it will cause major population decline and fasten the aging of the workforce.this model is not sustainable . 
  do explain further . 
  it 's like our own little version of the paralympics, 
  china 's greatest achievement is it 's resilience , they 've been through countless invasions , civil wars and catastrophes yet they always emerged at the end.just the fact that they 've essentially been around for over 4000 years and are still a world power is extremely impressive . 
  while it 's obvious that statement was n't in good heart , what he says is objectively true if you refer to germans strictly on ethnic terms .
