pilar rahola is being a dick in that video , but she is not a politician and she does not represent the oppinion of catalan parties . 
   and i do n't understand why other referendum is needed . 
  the question is a different one . 
  you can put more than one question in the ballot or hold a new referendum some months later , but you can not use the results of one question to answer another one . 
   well , nobody knows 100 % sure that . 
  there is a very simple way to know that : holding a referendum , but the spanish government keeps forbidding it . 
   but erc or ciu never say a word about what would happen in the event of barcelona having a 51 % of no votes . 
  yes , they say it because it is really easy to understand : if the majority of catalonia votes for separation from spain , catalonia should separate from spain . 
  if there were a particular place where the `` no '' vote wins ( perhaps the aran valley , but in barcelona i doubt this happens ) well , then that particular place can hold another referendum on whether they want to remain in spain instead of joining the new catalan country and of course , the result of this referendum would also be binding in that matter . 
  in spain , but not in catalonia . 
  the reality is that the majority of barcelona citizens would vote for independence . 
  there is also a strong correlation with eyjafjallaj\u00f6kull eruptions . 
  every time that its ashes cover all europe , the support for catalan independence starts to skyrocket . 
  i am kidding , of course , my point is that catalan independence began to rise because of the constitutional court sentences against the catalan statute and catalan parliament competences ( languages in education , etc. ) . 
  this just coincided in time with the crisis , but the real motive is the perception that catalan autonomy is a sham and that catalan laws can be turned down at any moment whenever they displease spanish politicians . 
   there is actually a lot of discussion in spain about amending the constitution : a lot of people question the monarchy , the electoral system , how power is shared between different administrative layers , etc. 
  so it would be altogether possible to start a constitutional convention to thoroughly revamp the constitution , and the conditions under which secession could happen would certainly be a major point of discussion : there has been much talk of a `` clarity law '' as in canada . 
  why do you keep lying about this ? 
  the big spanish parties keep staing day after day that they would never accept a legal way that allows regions to secede . 
  there is not a hint that they might change their oppinion on that . 
  i do not understand why you need to lie about this . 
  for the last 5 years , the catalan government and parliament have tried all kinds of legal and proper ways to achieve a negotiated referendum to vote on separation including another new statute , amending the constitution , etc. 
  and all these ways have been systematically rejected by the big spanish parties . 
  just because the spanish government has blocked all instances to create these mechanisms . 
  this is shocking considering your english skills . 
  wtf ? 
  why not ? 
  us supreme court justices need to be approved both by the president and the senate , this ensures that each one of them is accepted by a wide range of politicians . 
  in spain , when the congress needs to elect their 4 members they are distributed among the two big parties so that each one choses 2 justices and does not have a say on the people chosen by the other party . 
  usually the selected people are very partisan because each party knows that the other one will select two people that are very loyal to that party and you do not want to `` lose '' one appointment by selecting a moderate justice that may not support your party in every single decision . 
  in the senate , the process is exactly the same . 
  then 2 justices are directly elected by the government and these are only accountable to the party in power at the moment , and therefore they are extremely partisan . 
  i 'm not an expert on the matter , but as far as i know they are doing a `` public consultation '' and not a `` referendum '' because the electoral census will not be used , just like in barcelona we did a `` public consultation '' on whether avinguda diagonal had to be reformed and the electoral census was not used , but everybody could vote and all that ( every citizen of barcelona , of course , not every spaniard ) . 
  all spanish press is heavily funded by the government , usually for example : http://www.elconfidencial.com/comunicacion/2013-09-06/mato-usa-el-dinero-de-los-contribuyentes-para-favorecer-a-medios-afines_25529/ and the rest of your argument is totally appliable to ara : if el pa\u00eds is `` harsh '' with the pp ( totally not true but let us assume it ) and el mundo is harsh with the psoe , well ara is also harsh with the pp and therefore it is also neutral ... 
  you are talking about referendums . 
  the catalan government has full competence on organizing non-binding public consultations by the article 122 of the catalan statute which was upheld by the constitutional court in their decision of 2010 . 
  at least in spain yes , they are forbidden to have political affiliations . 
  i heard that the president 's house is pretty nice ... 
  i wanted to correct you because in my opinion , way more than half of barcelona citizens are able to speak catalan . 
  but perhaps you were thinking on people that use catalan as their first language . 
  also `` irurita '' was removed from the street name like 40 years ago . 
  now it has its original name `` carrer del bisbe '' . 
  since he started the nitpicking , i must say that even if you only saw 8 geese , there are 13 geese in the cathedral courtyard . 
  that is because saint eulalia was 13 years old when she was martyred , and she had to suffer 13 tortures . 
  it is explained in [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/barcelona_cathedral ) . 
   and the fathers of catalan nationalism had a extreme racist ideology , with links with the hitler youth ... 
  in 1936 the leaders of catalan nationalism were fighting in a civil war against fascist italy and nazi germany , i want to know how can you link them with the hitler youth, 
  come one ... 
  the president of the constitutional court is even a former member of pp ... 
   if your beef is with pp , then work to throw the pp out of power - or ( and i 'm asking seriously ) have the people in psoe and podemos been as much anti-catalan as people here are claiming about pp ? 
  psoe is as much anti-catalan as pp , in fact it was them who destroyed the 2005 estatut that just wanted to devolve to catalonia the same competences that have already been devolved to navarre and the basque country . 
  podemos apparently is not anti-catalan , but we can not be sure of that until they actually get to power ( if they do ) . 
   when is artur mas ( catalan president ) to propose a change on the constitution to allow a self-determination referendum ? 
  remember , nobody has proposed a change in the constitution . 
  it is impossible for a catalan politician to propose a change on the constitution . 
  the legal processes to change it do not provide this option . 
   why is he so centered in his own way of declaring the referendum ? 
  it is the most legal way to do it . 
  the catalan parliament has the competence to organize non-binding public consultations on the matters they legislate , and this is what has been done . 
   why did n't he discuss his intentions with other forces ? 
  wtf ? 
  this has been long discussed during the last 2 years ... 
  in fact the suspended law was approved by 5 out of 7 parties in the catalan parliament . 
   what is artur mas to answer to corruption allegations in liechtenstein . 
  i also want to know his answer on this matter . 
  these reports have appeared in the news today , it is quite understandable that he has not answered them yet . 
  spain does not even need to change its constitution after catalonia leaves , they can keep it if they love it so much . 
  let me clarify the figures , it 's the 8-9 % of our gpd . 
  the % over collected taxes is about 45 % if i remember correctly . 
  i love how you wrote 9/11 in reddit but we all know that you mean the real 9/11 and not 11 september . 
   we only have corrupt politicians , independentis or not . 
  ciu its corrupt to the bones , you know it , mas is , pujol was , they were as deep as it gets into shady bussinesses and comissions . 
  that wont change with the independence . 
  we only find out that they are corrupt now that the independence process is moving forward . 
  if we stay in spain all political corruption will remain silenced forever . 
  the impending catalan independence is already worth it , since it has triggered such a confession . 
  some people say that el cant de la senyera is better and i certainly agree that it has a beautiful melody but only when sung by a choir . 
  els segadors is much easier to sing and it is better in its role of a popular anthem . 
  101 ( term ) : the first course in a subject taught at a college or university in australia , canada , south africa , or the united states . 
  by extension , `` topic 101 '' is used generally to indicate the basics of any subject . 
  used this way , it is always pronounced `` one-oh-one '' . 
  i did not say that spain despises catalonia , i did say that spain despises catalan self-rule . 
  each law approved by the catalan parliament is criticized by spanish media . 
  for instance , when the canary islands parliament prohibited bullfighting nobody gave a shit . 
  when the catalan parliament did that , all the spanish media got crazy and a law in the spanish parliament was started to overrule the prohibition . 
  finally it did not pass , but that was because of the pressure of spanish animal activists , not because of a common sense position like : okay , each territory has its own lifestyle and traditions and that , andalusia may keep doing bullfights if it is popular in there , catalonia can stop having them if their people decide that they are tired of it . 
  the point is that the spanish government system is designed so that the spanish institutions are always able to impose their own ruling over the catalan institutions whenever they do not like their decisions , and this is considered unjust by most catalans . 
  catalan autonomy is useless , our parliament has almost no power and their laws are systematically overruled by the spanish parliament and courts with no respect for the opinion of local citizens . 
  the 2006 catalan statute was a clear example of this . 
  the majority of catalans will continue supporting separatism if spain keeps despising all kinds of catalan self-rule . 
  but there is going to be less drama and begging and weeping in politics . 
  apparently in berlin josep guardiola is going to be the host that reads the manifesto . 
  `` if juncker gets top job '' ? 
  is that the appropriate way to phrase it ? 
  ( i am not an english speaker ), 
  why is it sad ? 
  i love pr-stv as well . 
  on the internet there are many nerds of voting systems that consider ireland to be a heaven . 
  ^ ( ( please do n't change it ) ^ ), 
  at least the catalan flag is represented in there !,
