  if i still lived in romania i 'd be happy if the government was overthrown , this is completely unacceptable and insane . 
  i can imagine enough people are pissed enough right now to go for full overthrow , and remember it wo n't be the first time . 
  fucks sake , this makes le pen more likely to win does n't it ? 
  we got fucked !, 
  it 's because right wingers recently are more organised and very united in their goals , whereas the rest of us cut them too much slack and think they 're not too bad/don ' t want to be too confrontational or just plain old want to hear varied opinions . 
  then in the elections we get trounced because fn unites a whole spectrum of people who hate everything from immigrants to improperly curved eu bananas and ca n't wait to get shit done . 
  thankfully , france does offer a varied choice , then gives most people the option of coming together against fn in the second round . 
  at this point elections are about `` oh shit i better vote or we literally get marine le pen '' . 
  i hope you 're right and we do n't see another ` surprise ' . 
  it 's the macron !, 
  1 million total refugees arrived in the eu in 2016 , fleeing a war in the levant that has been going for a few years . 
  they were spread throughout europe and turkey and this number is very obviously going to go down as the war there winds down ( and it is ) and people stop being displaced . 
  we accept refugees because we understand `` tens of millions '' are not going to be coming all together to england , so asking that is really besides the point . 
  if `` tens of millions '' of refugees wanted to go to england , it would be a vastly different situation , even i would say that would be a crazy thing to accept . 
  but this is not what is happening ... the uk has taken a total of 100k refugees , many of which are still awaiting approval , and this is after years of refugee flow . 
  this does n't even make a dent in the population , let alone the culture or economy of the country . 
  a small price to pay to be a compassionate country that knows it can sustain its aid . 
  it is virtuous and just to do this . 
  however , consider what will happen in the next 50 years with rising sea levels and soil desertification due to climate change - millions of people will be displaced . 
  we need to figure out how to deal with that as an entire planet , because england alone is not going to address that problem . 
  we are , as a species , collectively responsible for this incoming catastrophe , and we must solve it together . 
  and i guarantee now that there will be a lot of right wingers saying they 're unfairly called guilty and call it `` pc outrage '' . 
  you mean the comment rated above this one that says merkel has an ` islamist ' agenda is not xenophobic ? 
  hopefully sooner as it looks like we 're going to need it . 
  suggesting that ` islamism ' plays a part in any of the eu countries ' agendas is just dumb on purpose and an obvious scare tactic . 
  they are not all refugees fleeing annihilation right next to our borders . 
  they handled it well - thousands of people 's lives have been saved . 
  a bad way to handle it would have been to reject refugees/shoot their boats/etc . 
  stop drinking the nrx coolaid !, 
  that 's a vicious cycle as romania is n't going to improve its living standard under psd . 
  the opposite will happen . 
  here are two things that really frustrate me : 1 ) people do n't want corrupt populist demagogues to win , and yet their turnout is abyssmal . 
  2 ) quite often a conservative party will have scandal after scandal and just suck lengthily for decades in a very obvious way , and then a liberal party will have one scandal and then be rekt because of it . 
  same happened with trump ( but muh e-mails ) , similar thing with brexit , and a similar thing is happening with le pen and afd . 
  ok , i apologize for that statement as it 's probably an exaggeration , but i am 100 % if romania did have more immigration they would be right there with fn , ukip etc making a big deal out of islamisation/destruction of romanian traditions/etc to try to polarize their voter base . 
  also they made a big deal about ex-pm not being a ` real romanian ' for living abroad for a while to deligitimize him . 
  they will be friendly to the eu as long as they get to keep sucking up all the eu funding into their own pockets - they could easily turn it around if they wanted to and start being eurosceptic , and i am absolutely certain their voter base would follow suit . 
  do n't get too confused , the psd/social democrats are an extremely corrupt , conservative/regressive party . 
  they are not a liberal left wing party in the sense people expect , and this is disastrous . 
  as for populism , i would say they are populist - they have constant unconditional support from the working class , and fighting against them to try to fix romania 's problems is very difficult as low info rural communities that make up most of ro 's population always vote for them . 
  just like populist parties everywhere , psd is obsessed with george soros ' influence , spreads fake news , rallies against immigration , is allied with the church , etc. 
  this is partially why a lot of people with advanced skills/education have left . 
  i am romanian-british and i would consider living in romania again if psd was decisively defeated - i would happily try to build something there or start a business . 
  but since they 're back things will only get worse , so count me out . 
  ffs france get your shit together . 
  that 's an effective way to delegitimise hundreds of thousands of displaced migrants who lost everything they had , sure , just use a word you like . 
  this should n't be a right wing position , it just seems like common sense . 
  kick out the eu leadership and replace with a competent one . 
  thank fuck the eu is coming to its senses . 
  i agree , except it seems these guys are n't migrants but actually swedish - just send them to jail . 
  this is what i 'd prefer . 
  strong outer borders . 
  turkey will never join though , at least not while it has erdogan - it is very far from meeting eu accession criteria . 
  it 's because they misunderstand brexit and what it was about . 
  they think it was some kind of white nationalist anti-islam muh anglo-saxon thing , whereas it was really a vote to keep independence/sovereignty , save money and reduce eu immigration ( all of which imo will not really happen , except maybe immigration reduction which i think is a negative thing ) . 
  most british people who voted brexit would be appalled at someone like le pen in my opinion . 
  it probably hurts her appeal to people who are n't already on her side . 
  money . 
  is it at a mosque ? 
  tbh i do n't find it surprising if it 's at a mosque as it 's genuinely a key islamic religious rule . 
  i genuinely do n't mind if it 's at a mosque , i 'm willing to overlook it , but i would literally tear it down myself if i saw it in general public . 
  i lived in a heavily islamic part of london and never saw anything like this . 
  i am sure iohannis understands this and has thought it through and been advised on it - and for whatever reason it came off as the best choice . 
  for some reason we tend to think politicians do n't understand this stuff but we on reddit understand it for some reason . 
  either way iohannis is not in a good place at the moment , he is just going to get digested slowly by psd like the sarlacc . 
  down with this sort of thing !, 
  populist parties have barely gotten started and already getting despised . 
  next 10 years or so are going to be fun . 
  well that 's just your opinion , which i respect , but a lot of scholars disagree with it . 
  anyway personally i am not a proponent of communism , but socialism is supposed to be much more liberating than capitalism - nobody wants to dedicate their entire lives to working and labour and then ship off all the fruits of their work to the 1 % . 
  that 's just mental . 
  sadly so far it 's always been just as broken or more broken than capitalism , which i think is approaching a critical state of people lying to themselves about it . 
  `` muh free market '' while living in abject poverty without healthcare or basic support in the middle of consumerist commuter city dystopias built by hoarding tax-evading rich people . 
  as i said though , i think socialism was a disaster in romania and most other countries in the past , i just think there is something to learn from it anyway and synthesize with modern policy . 
  they have nothing better to do but to spend christmas day prowling reddit for mentions of islam and shitposting . 
  romanian-born brit here . 
  it was a disaster , a merry-go-round of lunacy and self-deceit and the main reason romania has taken ages to recover from being a previously relevant country . 
  however , it could potentially have been good , but as in all the other communist countries , socialism was very quickly hijacked by evil assholes . 
  but it 's not 2016 now , did you see what 's going on in the world ? 
  because populism divides societies , elects lying demagogues and destroys nations economically . 
  being able to incite that in europe is russia 's biggest weapon in making itself stronger . 
  nothing is stopping you from moving , this is why we are in the eu . 
  i just do n't understand how the fuck our outer borders are so poorly managed . 
  it should be simple to check passports and deport whoever does n't have one or lacks a visa !, 
  vlad is trying to divide us and people are falling for it . 
  so why why are we brexiting if uk is 54 % pro eu ? 
  arrest them and leave the other ~ 2.5 million muslims in the uk alone . 
  churches are open to everyone , otherwise they would n't be churches . 
  same with this mosque . 
  so if i go to a moderate church and get given a westboro baptist promotional package by some maniac contingent it 's then everyone 's fault ? 
  dat logic . 
  i did n't find that divide to be deeper than the one between the right and the left or conservatives and progressive at the moment honestly . 
  both of these seem to want completely different worlds that ca n't coexist . 
  islamism just adds another one of these to the table . 
  i do n't believe in a muslim ban or any of this bullshit nonsense , but i 'd probably be ok with legally discouraging or sanctioning something that extreme . 
  dat narrative . 
  kek shops . 
  even if you do that , you will still have the existing muslim population that has been here for decades . 
  it 's a slippery slope towards scaring people into ostracising , hating them/asking for their deportation which will only lead to further radicalisation instead of reconciliation . 
  personally i 'd rather live in a country with an extremely , tiny tiny chance of being blown up than one that 's seriously considering ethnic cleansing when the bombings do n't really stop .
