communism is here . 
  or maybe not everything revolves around you and your language . 
  he knows this kind of thing riles the fuck out of nationalists . 
  i 've visited , it 's just a really grey and dreary city , but has a beautiful riverside . 
  my main experience there is that i got stuck in the middle of it and the subway ticket machines would n't accept any of my money or credit cards and no one seemed to know what to do or how to use it . 
  because rotterdam is almost 50 % foreigners and naturally causes a huge amount of polarization . 
  sad !, 
  tbh i am fairly sure after all votes are counted it will look more or less identical to the exit poll . 
  there were two separate exit polls with basically identical results , you ca n't really statistically escape that . 
  now it 's just averaging out . 
  it looks like vvd has won rotterdam . 
  it 's fucking cringey . 
  denk is not only a ` turkish party ' , it 's basically a party that represents the interests of muslims for the most part . 
  given that muslims are on the receiving end of a huge amount of hate at the moment , it should n't be surprising they 're rallying to get a louder voice through denk . 
  it 's a result of extreme marginalization . 
  there are important things that should be on the political agenda to be discussed , which only denk is going to support . 
  after a year of `` geert wilders is going to win and kick out all the dirty muslims '' absolutely do not be surprised that muslims want to be politically active , it just makes complete sense , and denk is the only party offering populism/protection/a voice to muslims while everyone else seems to be debating the best way to put them down . 
  all this shows is that pvv is bad for integration , not good . 
  the far right stirs shit up instead of making things better . 
  so basically exactly what happened to libdems in the uk . 
  what a biased as fuck article . 
  is this what people in this thread are getting angry about ? 
  using person instead of man all the time ? 
  they 're also not banned , just a guide . 
  why is this surprising to anyone , it just makes no sense to use these ridiculously male-focused terms as general expressions . 
  i applaud this . 
  lepen has an almost 50 % chance of winning the second round against macron . 
  lepen has done plenty of worse things than both fillon and macron , but just like with trump , her core audience is not affected by them . 
  in my opinion this just shows the kind of people who vote for her . 
  : s muh economic anxiety . 
  china ? 
  you mean america ? 
  trump and tons of people around them called it a ` muslim ban ' at various points in time . 
  all of these countries are muslim , it 's the main thing they have in common . 
  everyone sees it as a muslim ban , right wingers applaud it as a way to stop islamic immigration , alt-righters celebrate it as a ban , liberals know it 's a ban because they 're not dumb - it 's a muslim ban under a fancy pretext . 
  ca n't tell if sarcasm . 
  i 'm fairly sure illegal immigration is already banned , otherwise it would n't be illegal . 
  i am opposed to trump 's ban , and am liberal , but i would almost , just about understand trump 's ban if it did n't get people stranded in airports , prevent regular vetted refugees , block out students , workers , dual citizens etc. 
  i actually know people working at my company that had already bought tickets to businesses conferences and stuff this year and then had to cancel and had their visas revoked for no damn good reason , just because they were born in iran . 
  this is why i warned people that the muslim ban is a dumb idea , i knew the way it was going to be done was stupid and cause havoc . 
  i 'd rather just have better vetting than a ban , it 's just too disruptive . 
  i bet when people answer the `` should we ban muslim immigration '' question as in this survey , they probably immediately imagine some sort of ultra-fundamentalist extremely regressive syrian isis rebel or something . 
  i am aware that something like 60 % of muslims are `` fundamentalist '' but what about the 40 % ? 
  makes no damn sense to do a blanket ban . 
  and do n't forget more than 50 % of americans do n't believe in evolution - are we banning them for being fundamentalist creationists ? 
  not an argument . 
  if i was a moderate muslim working in aviva or something in london and trying to make a life for myself , i would be scared shitless that a majority of people are just ok with banning me from traveling altogether like trump tried to do , just because of my religion . 
  tbh it would probably help me start hating people around me . 
  well no , but tbh these guys represent the general underflow of utter fuckheads that are present in society in general - i 've seen this image being shared before to imply some sort of massive support for `` fuck freedom '' lol . 
  there are literally more neo-nazis or extremely racist people who would send them back even if they were n't radical islamists than there are these guys , i suspect . 
  the fact that wilders is sharing shit like this ( and photoshopping people into it ) proves he 's trying to scaremonger . 
  there are like 20 people there , lol . 
  not exactly a sea of invading sharia extremists . 
  you 've probably never seen a bnp rally . 
  they have holograms !, 
  the entire political class in france might be melenchon 's holograms . 
  the left wins , that 's it . 
  is she hopping on the sjw hate bandwagon ? 
  psd is the worst form of leftism gone bad . 
  extremely corrupt , populist , kleptocratic and pretending to be on the people 's side/socialist . 
  when you read `` social democrat party '' do n't think bernie sanders or schulz , this is something else - a farce that only romania 's political class knows how to pull . 
  now we excise the cancer . 
  the area of romania i come from has as much as 25 % muslim population and we have never seen a single terrorist attack , probably ever . 
  integration works over time , our muslim population is well established and we generally regard them well . 
  when people accept muslims as an ok part of culture and not expect them to destroy their own culture to fit in , then multiculturalism works - over time they fit in more and do integrate/assimilate . 
  this is our guy !, 
  i am proud of germany . 
  he has a huge following of cunts as well . 
  lol . 
  two question as i 'm just curious : 1 ) is n't fillon going to have the same obstruction from congress you 're saying le pen could have if he tried to destroy france 's welfare system ( which is highly prized ) ? 
  2 ) who would you vote for between macron and le pen ? 
  how about between hamon and le pen ? 
   on the other hand , if le pen wins , 2 months after we 'll have our parliament election and a coalition will form to block most of her laws . 
  she can be forced to have a prime minister from another party and does whatever her/she wants . 
  and if she does n't like that and figures out a way to block it and consolidate power ? 
  you are not talking about a traditional politician , but a demagogue . 
  good point . 
   because i do n't want to go back to 48h/week or the end of welfare state . 
  whatever happens to migrant does not affect me directly , this does . 
  i understand ( sort of ) where you 're coming from , though i 'm not french , but is that really sufficient reason to support the rest of her agenda ? 
  both of those things can be recovered after a fillon win , but a le pen win might fundamentally change france . 
  i do n't believe that le pen has truly changed her views , though she pretends to in order to appear more moderate . 
  considering it will probably lead to a crisis in the eu and a victory for the far right ? 
  maybe you are anti-eu , but seems like a can of worms/pandora 's box not worth opening as we do n't know where it will lead us , but all signs just point to ruin . 
  i genuinely do n't believe these sorts of promises are anything but a carrotstick to get people to vote on urgent single issues while they actually follow a greater overarching agenda . 
  it is the same tactic leftists in romania like psd use to convince people to vote for them by giving them welfare and keeping them poor at the same time through corruption , while behind the scenes being extremely corrupt and ruining the country . 
  did n't have to translate for me as i 'm actually romanian , but i get your point . 
  however , i do n't think this is reaaaaally the average romanian . 
  i know there are a lot of poorly educated people , but our real failing is the shitty voter turnout from progressives and younger people , same as everywhere in the world . 
  tbh i doubt these people even have national id . 
  i can not imagine really going on like normal if this happened , i 'd be extremely pissed and have 0 confidence in the government . 
  are these people going to get released and everyone will just think it 's ok ? 
  surely they 'll get fucking trounced by mobs . 
  this is too blatant and wrong . 
  right wingers will say `` well it 's the eu so fuck them '' . 
  tbh if people cared about her being a scumbag , they 'd not vote for her on the grounds of her policies being scumbag-ish . 
  same as with donald trump . 
  the people who vote for her just really want foreigners kicked out , they 'll probably hold their nose and vote for her anyway as long as she does it . 
  on the other hand , her opponents will get wrecked from the tiniest scandal as left wing or moderate voters are so flimsy . 
  i think this is grounds for revolution tbh .
