wow , seems like feminism is really tearing that country apart and oppressing its male population !, 
  but you do n't know if they are bi or not , and unless you start strapping them to chairs and experimenting on them , you can not know . 
  people do n't start questioning if other people ` really are straight ' if they say they are - why should you start questioning people who say that they are bi ? 
  what you perceive as ` faddishness ' may well simply be that bisexuals still find it easier to find long-term relationships with people of the opposite sex rather than people of the same sex because of old societal norms , not because they have given up the ` pretence ' that they were bisexual . 
  sort of makes me want a got / house of cards / borgen style drama show about a fully federal eu government with lots of juicy politics and characters from across the continent . 
  a comment made by a member of the ussr 's political edifice and opposition to the west ? 
  you believe he 's an accurate source of information of what life was like under ussr rule ? 
  of course he 's going to make comments like that . 
  ask the majority of those on this sub from a former soviet state who lived through communist rule if the eu is comparable to the ussr and you 'll be laughed at . 
  it 's not even worth listening to them if they begin to compare the eu to the ussr . 
  if they think a flawed unification project is anything like an oppressive authoritarian dictatorship , they do n't have much worldly perspective . 
  assuming you mean ` life ' , er , yes it should . 
  it sounds callous but healthcare systems can not afford to treat all patients with the most effective medicines and best care . 
  they have to pick and choose which conditions they should focus on in order to save the most possible people . 
  an incredibly effective drug is n't much good when it costs many times more than the one currently available , because it just means less resources are available somewhere else in the system . 
  this information is important because it tells governments that cracking down on air pollution could actually save them a lot of money , and therefore have more money to spend on other matters . 
  fifty shades was shit but overall it 's definitely a step in the right direction , i agree !, 
  we 're heading towards equality slowly but surely . 
  oh come on . 
  if you 're going to argue with me at least have the decency to stop cutting up my sentences so you can take bits out of context . 
   i believe this to be wrong and that they should cater to both men and women of all demographics '' *** i believe *** '' * i * believe sexism to be wrong . 
  how many times do i have to repeat myself - it 's sexist and * i * think they should change because we live in a society where men and women should be equally represented by mainstream television . 
  i 'll finish this argument in some nice neat bullet points . 
  * i do n't want the tv show taken off air or the people imprisoned because if there is only semi-naked lady and not an equally semi-naked dude . 
  * nothing/nobody is above criticism and it 's not an assault on their freedom of speech to criticise sexist behaviour or commentary on a television show . 
  i could go on about how shitty institutionalised sexism is ; how even innocuous sexism like this demeans the position of women in our society ; how incredibly rarely you see a man sexualised but not a woman in modern media ( google `` sexy advertisements '' and start counting ) ; how art throughout history and subsequently modern entertainment has been primarily for the male gaze and not the female one ; but considering you are finding it so difficult to grasp what i 've mentioned thus far i 'm not going to bother . 
  i like to think most people reading this comment thread will go `` why not have a half-naked man and a half naked woman - its not exactly a big deal '' rather than go off on some diatribe like you that i 'm some crazy totalitarian monster that wants to shut down all dissenting views . 
   of course someone can make a sexist tv show i 'm not forbidding them from making it ... 
  this was my point from the start ... my point was that i am allowed to say that i believe this to be wrong and that they should cater to both men and women of all demographics . 
  asking for them to change = / = a violation of their freedom of speech . 
  in what world do you live in where private enterprise can not be criticised ? 
  my example stands whether it was juncker or the head of sony being a bigot . 
  freedom of speech does n't mean there are n't consequences for your words . 
  if someone calls for you to step down from office after you made bigoted remarks , that is not your freedom of speech being attacked . 
  your bizarre first paragraph goes into the messy realm of defamation , which is n't what is being discussed here . 
  me pointing out that this tv show is sexist and they should change it is not an attack on anyone 's freedom of speech . 
  it was never a freedom of speech issue until reddit made it one . 
  if juncker tomorrow made a speech about how gays should burn in hell , women should be subservient to men and black people are animals , and you think people criticising him or calling for him to be removed from office is `` totalitarian '' , then you fundamentally misunderstand what freedom of speech entails . 
  nobody is immune from criticism , and nobody is entitled to a higher platform . 
  oh my god , trust reddit to make this a freedom of speech issue . 
  of course someone can make a sexist tv show - it 's been happening for decades . 
  you do n't seem to understand that criticising something is exercising my own freedom of speech . 
  just because someone is free to do something does n't automatically mean it 's right or we should n't fight to change it . 
  what do you think i want to happen - for these people to be jailed ? 
  no , i 'm literally asking for so basic equality , and it 's pretty telling that people are fighting so hard against it . 
  oh , i actively disagree with much of what orbach said , but that was n't my point . 
  my point is that issues she covered or touched upon have n't gone away - we still have mental health issues like anorexia and compulsive eating , we still have people bullied about their weight [ despite evidence ] ( http://www.ucl.ac.uk/news/news-articles/0914/110914-fat-shaming-does-not-encourage-weight-loss ) that shaming fat people does n't help them lose weight . 
  the idea that most of feminism is a joke or no longer necessary in western society is a fallacy , and that is using purely the example of body positivity . 
  but we are n't talking about porn . 
  porn is fundamentally intended to be masturbated over , and nobody is trying to dictate what people can and can not find attractive . 
  this show is , by what i can gather from the rest of the thread , not intended to be masturbated over - the same way advertisers do n't expect people to start beating off when an ad comes on with some sexy woman trying to get them to buy beer . 
  in that case , it * should * be equal . 
  if the dudes and the lesbians get something hot to look at , why should the ladies and the gays not also get something hot to look at ? 
  i really do n't see why this is such a big deal to be honest . 
  it 's not some impossible request . 
  reading the news and presenting a gameshow should not be solely aimed at straight dudes . 
  god almighty , where are you taking your examples of feminism from ? 
  i was actually hoping you 'd actually give some reliable citations but instead you 've outright called feminists in the west a joke . 
  just because you 've heard some corrupted form of body positivity from some crazies on tumblr does not mean issues feminists like susie orbach have been talking about since the 70s are any less important today , nor that feminism is ` increasingly ' populated by purile , petty assholes . 
  those are some incredibly sweeping statements about the whole feminist movement . 
   increasingly influenced by women who are jealous of other women who are more successful in taking care of their bodies right ... 
  it 's still sexism . 
  it does n't matter what connotations the word has attached to it - fundamentally this tv show is n't treating the sexes equally . 
  a dude that 's secure in himself is n't going to be bothered by seeing a bit of skin from another dude . 
  if the studio can afford to hire one ` sexy presenter ' , they can afford to give the other 50 % of the human population a sexy presenter they can be attracted to . 
  even if this show was entirely aimed at a male audience ( like all about men 's sexual health ) , it still excludes men who are n't attracted to women . 
  how could you possibly argue that is n't sexist ? 
  you 're objectifying one sex without objectifying the other ; pandering to one demographic and not the other . 
  that is n't equal . 
  maybe that was isis ' plan all along ? 
  commit atrocities in order to create unity in europe by being a common enemy ? 
  it depends . 
  if her male co-presenter is dressed only in boxers , than the channel is n't sexist , just incredibly trashy . 
  if the dude however is dressed in a suit , yeah , that 's just plain old sexism ... 
  is there a male presenter similarly dressed ? 
  in which case , i too have a sudden interest in albania ... 
  ^ ^ ^ strictly ^ ^ ^ speaking , ^ ^ ^ we ^ ^ ^ are n't ^ ^ ^ * literally * ^ ^ ^ standing ^ ^ ^ all ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ same ^ ^ ^ page ... 
  nobody 's suggesting that the eu blends into one homogeneous state . 
  it would be a federation . 
  individual countries would still be under control over a large amount of internal affairs like education , taxation , local laws , general expenditure , etc. 
  i think forfeiting some of the nation 's sovereignty is worth the benefits that it brings . 
  for example , could save millions of euros . 
  this is great news . 
  i think transitioning our nations to 100 % renewable energy is europe 's biggest priority over the next few decades , to reduce reliance on foreign and potentially unstable imports , to combat climate change and to make sure the system is immune to price shocks and remains cheap . 
  exactly . 
  the uk can not idly stand by when our neighbour to the south is dealing with this sort of thing . 
  we need to fund dedicated refugee camps , processing facilities , policing , etc. 
  if we do nothing , the situation in calais will only worsen and we 'll damage relations with one of our closest and most important allies . 
  at this point it seems our government is just acting out of spite . 
  the eu could announce that they 've cured cancer and invented cold fusion and the conservatives would still reject it if it meant abiding by eu laws . 
  i want to see a game like fallout set in europe - that would be incredibly neat . 
  do n't get me wrong , i love the whole 1950 's america aesthetic they have , but crossing a decaying \u00d8resund bridge or wandering through the crumbling ruins of barcelona would be epic . 
  what great news !, 
  shows what humans can do when we work together !, 
  this is reassuring , but i 'm very sceptical about polls this early . 
  i do n't think cameron is going to get anywhere near the amount of treaty negotiations that he is leading people to believe and i think that when that becomes apparent , there 's going to be a backlash against the eu . 
  if your options are make $ 100 in the eu but have $ 25 of that lost to tax , or make no money in the eu at all , you 're going to choose the first option . 
  really fucking glad i left hsbc . 
  i mean , every major bank in the uk probably has some nasty shit associated with it but hsbc takes the cake . 
  child pornography receives a huge amount of attention in countries around the world .
