ah shit i did n't even think about that . 
  does that mean we 'll have to split canada + us with france like parents going through a divorce ? 
  why does everyone seem to love nandos so much ? 
  i 've got a friend coming over from the us in a couple of month , i 've got no clue where we 're even staying yet except `` i want to eat a fuckton of nandos '', 
  ah shit , i forgot about that . 
  how about we repurpose the original 13 colonies into giant factories dedicated to producing monster munch and lion bars ? 
  well , sorry americans , canadians , most of africa , a good chunk of the middle east , india and a lot more . 
  looks like you 're gon na have to give up your land to the british because it 's `` historically '' ours . 
  pretty sure germany is quite dependant on it although feel free to correct me . 
  edit : according to this infographic i found it 's about 31 % http://www-personal.umich.edu/~twod/oil/articles/eia/germany_files/germanyoilimports.gif, 
  economists hate this !, 
  edit : find how how one decision made this man ~ ~ grow ~ ~ shrink his economy 4 inches in just 2 weeks . 
  cows can swim so they 'd probably be fine and just swim to the bank . 
  that 's so fucked , turkey seems to have taken a nosedive recently : /, 
  wait ... seriously ? 
  thanks :p, 
  i 'm still an idiot it seems , what am i missing ? 
  pretty sure i read that they did n't . 
  i know he 's scum but it just seems so ... werid . 
  wtf , why would he make it do that ? 
  passing through ? 
  that 's what you think , the us is actually just going to annex hungary to create it 's empire . 
   the queen is actually a lizard that lives in my attic , i 'm right because i 'm from the uk and you 're not, 
   the netherlands is pumping 24/7 to remove excess water from low-lying areas . 
  that is the way the lowered highway stays dry . 
  wait , really ? 
  what happens if there 's a power failure or something ? 
  meanwhile in chicago ... 
  if i remember correctly doncaster is technically a part of scotland http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/scottish-independence/11104004/why-an-historical-anomaly-means-bonny-donny-could-leave-the-uk-too.html, 
  oh the daily mail !, 
  why did n't you just tell us you was reading from a such scientific and informative newspaper . 
  it still has the same message . 
  `` oops , we could n't find this image '' :(, 
  i believe the idea of it is to spark debate between the government and the opposition party . 
  a desk means you can become distracted , staring at the other party and you ca n't . 
  it 's rarely as full as that . 
  all mps are only in there for big events ( a few times a year ), 
  does that mean we 'll have another 350 million per week to fund the nhs ? 
  you 're comparing developed countries to developing countries ? 
  india is going to overtake the us soon , does that mean the us 's economy is bad ? 
  born and raised in the uk as are all my family as far back as my family tree has been traced ( 300 year-ish ) nice try though . 
  please tell me why it concerns you so much if someone has a cock or not . 
  how is it disappointing ? 
  why are you so concerned about is a gay couple wants to marry ? 
  how would a someone 's sexual orientation be discovered ? 
  a guy marrying a guy is a pretty big giveaway . 
  so you do n't even know what healthcare service they use and yet you 're complaining about it ? 
  til germany and estonia use the uk healthcare service . 
   getting sensitive over a joke only can one find this kind of retardation by a poster from the_donald, 
  the cost of getting it running is too high for businesses to be viable tho, 
  `` it might take 5 minutes of thought so we better just ignore it and break eu laws '' if google does n't like it they 're free to leave . 
  that is n't what i said . 
  you do know that microsoft could literally make a tick box selection while installing of which os you want right ? 
  it does n't have to just be internet explorer or edge . 
  people that know how to install another browser do , my parents and grandad are using internet explorer still because that 's what came on the computer . 
  they 're stupid because you disagree with them ? 
  the us also charged microsoft under a similar law a few years back . 
  i suppose they 're stupid laws too ? 
  2 years minimum , possibly longer . 
  they 're still in the eu bud . 
  http://www.globalfirepower.com/country-military-strength-detail.asp?country_id=latvia yea man , must be some defensive armoured fighting vechiles and towed artillery that only turn on for defensive purposes . 
  pretty much all countries have a military force , that does n't mean theyre invading another country it means they need to protect their land . 
  it was n't too long ago when argentina invaded the falkland islands and a navy was essentially to reclaim it . 
  latvia has an army , does that mean they 're planning on conquering someone ? 
  old one got decommissioned and sold for scrap recently ( to turkey i believe ), 
  ah , so fuck what the people of that island say despite it being vastly in favour of staying a part of the uk ? 
  so by your logic better not be mean to large companies if they break your rules ? 
  you do know the uk is still in the eu ... right ? 
  my first thoughts too : - ? 
  thanks :p worked out the trojan part but the combined words hurt my head . 
  what does `` bundestrojaner '' translate to ? 
  google seems to get angry when i try translate it . 
  it 's a bit unfair on police to say that . 
  known to police could mean they was stopped and found to have drugs 12 years ago . 
  it could mean they had been reported but there was no evidence to arrest them . 
  edit : got my reply deleted before for linking to rt , stupid rule . 
  how is it a `` nonchalant attitude towards terrorism in particular '' by saying that living in a big city means you need to be prepared and have plans in the event these things to happen . 
  people always bring up this argument with tokyo . 
  - https://japantoday.com/category/picture-of-the-day/anti-terrorism-drill-in-tokyo does that mean tokyo is fine with terrorism ? 
  it means that you need to be prepared in the event it happens . 
  he was known for drug charges , should all people arrested for drugs be sentenced to life in jail ? 
  you got any clue how you fuck you even put something like this out ? 
  i know firefighters and planes have been dropping water but it seems to me the equivalent of trying to piss a house fire out . 
  firstly it 's a fake post , secondly the part and parcel quote has been misquoted time and time again . 
  look at the actual quote . 
  nothing in the uk is really build for high temperatures , it 's been years since it was last this hot . 
  infact i saw a few gritters putting grit over the roads to stop them from melting . 
  yea i did n't mean it in the way that they 'd actually get angry , just some nice teasing :p, 
  because it 's fun to make spanish people mad by saying they 're part of gibraltar :p . it 's just a dumb joke , the equivalent of a joke about the falkland islands and argentina or ukraine and crimea . 
  it 's the flag of gibraltar , disputed area between the uk and spain . 
  caught me out for a moment , i dont know why the bbc did n't write prince phillip . 
  that 's what i never get about / r/russia , i 'll happily criticise the uk government when they do stupid shit but they 'll just defend it no matter what . 
  look at the top upvoted posts for examples . 
  there 's a video of the arrest but it 's pretty dark , he looks either white/light brown . 
  then again my eyesight is shit . 
  i 'd assume it 's ramadan related , it happened at 12:30 so that fits about right for someone having a meal after sundown . 
  it actually kinda looks like the opposite right now , people are saying someone drove into a crowd of muslims outside a mosque ( do n't lynch me if im wrong it 's pure speculation ), 
  yea i 've just seen a news article saying it took place outside a mosque . 
  that seems fairly accurate . 
  where did you hear this ?
