  what are you talking about lmfao . 
  where does it say in the paris agreement that the us is paying the majority of the $ 100 billion ? 
  unless you 're arguing that everyone pays a equal share which doesnt make sense either since the gdp 's are different . 
  belgium is a developed country , do you think belgium should pay as much as germany , uk , france or the us despite their economy being a fraction of the size ? 
  the us however produces far more emissions per capita than china . 
  you 're surprised a country of over 1 billion has looser restrictions due to it being more expensive to invest in different energy sources for such a high population as well as being a country that is largely underdeveloped than a country with a fraction of the population , a much higher gdp per capita and is fully developed ? 
  do you know how nato works ? 
  it isnt a definitive amount that needs to be paid every year to fund the militaries . 
  they dont start the year by saying `` ok , we 're going to buy # 60 billion in tanks '' and if one country doesnt pay their share other countries make up the difference . 
  nato is just a group of countries that have said that they will defend themselves and other member countries due to article 5 of the nato treaty . 
  to make sure they can fulfill article 5 and defend other countries they 're targetted at 2 % by 2024 . 
  if greece only paid 1 % on it 's defense that doesnt mean that poland or germany has to increase their spending . 
  it just means that nato as a whole is weaker . 
  you think macron posted this to reddit ? 
  what ? 
  on what planet are italians and french seen as gay ? 
  ninja edit ? 
  i posted a big `` edit '' right there for anyone to see , it was edited within a few minutes of me posting the comment . 
  res shows `` last edited 36 minutes ago '' and you posted 27 minutes ago . 
  unless it took you 9 minutes to write out 2 lines you 're lying . 
  `` bbc would never report on it '' * gives a source on how they reported on it * `` yea but they waited till 2014 to report it '' * no , they posted in it in 2010 *, 
  goalposts changing hard here boi . 
  bbc never did an expose on a lot of stuff , that must mean they deny it ? 
  edit : i suppose this - http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-south-yorkshire-11696508 is n't an early report in 2010 on muslim rape gangs in rotherham ? 
  or is that just fake news ? 
  so is this not the bbc reporting on rotherham rape gangs ? 
  uk and russia are close politically ? 
  wot ? 
  i mean , how do you vet someone for a thought in their head ? 
  right now someone from syria could be radicalised online and no form of vetting could stop them short of catching them right before the act/them admitting it . 
  its hard to vet someone and do a test that says `` yes you 're a terrorist '' or `` yes , you 're a refugee fleeing a war in your country '' . 
  his point is that if you say `` we 're accepting all gay refugees from chechnya '' all of a sudden everyone wanting asylum in a eu country would just claim to be from chechnya and gay . 
  just like someone from an african country can claim they 're from syria in hopes of getting a better claim at asylum in the country . 
  rumors i 'd guess . 
  a place persecuting someone for being homosexual probably does n't have the strongest justice system and doesnt really care about innocent until proven guilty . 
  i personally find this pretty interesting, 
  wait , he did ? 
  well you 're ignoring me saying that its a hypothetical so i 'll just continue on with this scenario . 
  the best missile defense systems in the world are used in isreal and have a 90 % sucess rate . 
  germany currently doenst have any missile defense system whatsoever ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/missile_defense_systems_by_country#france.2c_uk.2c_and_italy ) . 
  even if they magically had a missile defense system its still only 90 % effective meaning the 120 nuclear warheads currently usable by the uk would have around 12 still get though . 
  enough to decimate a country . 
  in a war with one side having nukes and the other doesnt you only need to look towards ww2 japan and the us . 
  ** i repeat again : there 's no point arguing hypotheticals when the scale is this large . 
  there 's literally no way to know . 
   very short time the trident missiles fly at 29,020 km/h , that 'd mean they would hit berlin in about 3-5 minutes . 
  again , this is a pointless argument because you 're arguing hypothericals which you cant be worked out in advance if its working out relationships between countries . 
  it 's useless to argue hypotheticals , the us could just as easily side with the uk , germany or just stay out of it . 
  there 's no point arguing `` well they would do x '' in a hypothetical argument . 
  germany personally ca n't decide to launch nukes without the us involved . 
  it 's pointless arguing if they 'd grant that permission or not . 
  there 's agreements between every country to defend them if they 're attacked . 
  if i had to guess i 'd say there 's only a handful of countries allied with germany and not with the uk and visa versa . 
  op trying to start ww3 is an idiot but germans do n't control us nukes at all . 
  all nukes have explosive devices in them for the sole purpose of destroying their ability to fire and therefore stopping a country seizing nukes placed in their country for their own personal use . 
  pretty much , i was strongly remain but all this anti-uk mentality is really pushing me and other remain voters away from the eu . 
  compare the `` what do you know about france '' thread to the last time they did `` what do you know about the uk '' and the difference is shocking . 
  afaik porn is n't monitored more than any other traffic in the uk . 
  you do know that the uk is still in the eu right ? 
  im from the uk and im fine with brexit . 
  i was a remainer but if the people vote for brexit , we should have brexit . 
  why did i read this as massive stone dicks ... 
  it 'll be 2 years minimum until uk leaves the eu . 
  uk will have nn for a while yet, 
   bilateral trade deals , not really , most people it was an immigration or political thing . 
   kick out foreigners i mean , maybe ? 
  some people sure , my grandparents who voted for it probably could n't care less is abdul cut his hair or steve . 
   take control of our laws why would that mean anything for brexit voters ? 
  pretty much all eu laws are now becoming uk laws anyway . 
  i 've yet to meet a single brexit voter who wanted to leave the eu to make it collapse . 
   i did n't say in europe , did i ? 
  we 're talking about europe . 
  other countries are n't relevant in a conversation about europe and the us . 
   compared to the couple euro carriers that are in service they are future tech i 'd love a source for your unevidenced claim . 
   it 's probably most . 
  ah i see , a claim with no evidence that `` probably '' is true is certainly proof !, 
  thanks . 
  i 'd love a source for this , any leave voters i talked to have n't even mentioned other countries leaving . 
  most cite immigration and political reasons for voting leave . 
  do a google search for `` scottish person is a magician '' . 
  that means all scottish people are magicians right ? 
  this is the reason why people do n't care about the eu . 
  i was strongly remain and the amount of toxicness and bias in / r/europe after brexit was unreal . 
  for each of these comments remember : you 're just pushing more remain members to agree with the leave campaign . 
   there 's a bunch of counties with many more population that are n't even close to the u.s or places like germany , so that 's not an excuse . 
  please tell me the country in europe with a higher population than the us . 
   i was talking about the u.s with the nimitz , saying it far exceeds anything any euro country has but to us it 's outdated and is being replaced . 
  it 's the same class of aircraft carrier the us uses and it 's so outdated that the us only uses them ? 
  logic is not your strong point . 
   i was saying that to make a point , which is that euro 's love to boast about their social programs but the reality is they 're only able to do that because they spend fuck all on defense . 
  wait , 90 % ? 
   i compared it with the strongest country in the eu ... it 's a fucking state . 
  the u.s is the country and it obliterates any country in europe its almost like a country with many times the population could be richer , who 'd have thought ? 
  to reply to your original comment  per capita gdp between eu and u.s is just sad , u.s is 60 % higher . 
  you mean overall ? 
  because that 's including a lot of poorer eastern european states like latvia which brings down the gdp of richer states . 
   you guys could n't fend off a flock of seagulls on your own , have 2 carriers amongst the lot of you actually i believe you 'd find france has an aircraft carrier , the uk has an aircraft carrier , italy has an aircraft carrier , and spain has an aircraft carrier [ source ] ( http://www.globalfirepower.com/navy-aircraft-carriers.asp ) . 
  ( this is dependant on how you define an aircraft carrier , if you 're including helicopter aircraft carriers the number is higher ) . 
  you also then said `` the ( to us , outdated ) nimitz class carriers '' , hate to break it to ya but france 's aircraft carrier isnt nimitz class . 
  this is ignoring the fact that the us currently doesnt have a fully operational ford class supercarrier and only has the `` outdated '' nimitz class  go spend trillions building one up so you can defend yourself instead of riding the u.s 's coattails your president had that idea and shockingly changed his stance fairly recently .
