  only news app that 's even mentioned this so far is bbc . 
  one arrested , 5 casualties . 
  to be fair i 'd spend a fuckton on defense if i had russia knocking on my door . 
  france is lower than the uk tho ... can i have some of what you 've been smoking ? 
  im from the uk and the royal family reduces tax from the amount of revenue they bring to the uk . 
  they 're definitely worth it here . 
  what 's up with ankara ? 
  it 'd need everyone to do it at the same time or it would destroy trade from china to that country . 
  i doubt everyone will agree on that to be honest . 
  i understand but it 's hard to say `` oh we expected x to happen so we need to revote '' . 
  i did n't expect brexit to happen , could n't you argue that we need a second election because when we election conservatives ( in the last election ) we expected to be in the eu ? 
  yea , i tried to voice that opinion in / r/scotland and got showered in downvotes . 
  for every vote , no matter my stance on it if the majority votes for something it should happen . 
  do n't just revote because you do n't like the results . 
  the australian players tried to convince them to do it after they said they was n't doing it . 
  they knew what they was doing . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  yea you 're right . 
  i was looking at a model which was using the original model of first second and third world countries when it was first created ( i think ) . 
  i 'll edit it :p  the shit source i used - http://www.nationsonline.org/oneworld/third_world_countries.htm, 
   http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/arrests-for-offensive-facebook-and-twitter-posts-soar-in-london-a7064246.html almost every developed country has laws against threatening and aggressive speach . 
  the us included . 
  a large chunk of europe also has religious hatred laws . 
  good job . 
   http://www.standard.co.uk/news/mayor/sadiq-khan-shared-platform-with-five-islamic-extremists-a3231436.html http://www.standard.co.uk/news/london/exposed-sadiq-khans-family-links-to-extremist-organisation-a3179066.html ignoring the fact that they 're a conservative newspaper that 's obviously biased against an ex-labour mp the `` fire throughout the world '' quote was taken 2 years after the event . 
  are you now going to blame people for things people they know might do in the future ? 
   sadiq khan : london mayor says terror attacks ` part and parcel ' of living in a major city bullshit quote and you know it . 
  lets take the actual quote `` part and parcel of living in a big city is that you have to be prepared for these things '' . 
  are you seriously telling me you 'd rather they was n't prepared for these things ? 
  please name me a country on earth that does n't have a plan in the event of a terrorist attack , i 'd love to know . 
   http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/arrests-for-offensive-facebook-and-twitter-posts-soar-in-london-a7064246.html most countries in the developed world have laws against aggressive or threatening speech , the us included . 
  the only difference is the uk has religious hatred laws along with most of the rest of europe . 
   http://www.standard.co.uk/news/mayor/sadiq-khan-shared-platform-with-five-islamic-extremists-a3231436.html  http://www.standard.co.uk/news/london/exposed-sadiq-khans-family-links-to-extremist-organisation-a3179066.html ignoring the fact that it 's a conservative newspaper that 's biased towards an ex-labour mp the event took place in 2004 , it was n't classified as a terror group at that point and the `` fire throughout the world '' quote was taken 2 years after the event - https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/apr/20/tory-claims-sadiq-khan-alleged-links-extremists, 
  o boy where to break this down . 
   2 terrorist attacks in a week . 
  britain is a third-world country now . 
  ok , so firstly `` third-world '' means nothing . 
  it was created during the cold war to seperate who supported who , us side was first world , ussr side was second world and everyone else was third world . 
  greenland is third world under this logic . 
  edit : apparently the website i used was wrong about greenland , i apologise greenlandians . 
   your police is more worried about hate crimes than locking up actual terrorists . 
  [ citation needed ]  your capital city is run by a guy who has praised hardcore islamists . 
  [ citation desperately needed ]  your people have been brainwashed into accepting everything that has beein going on as being normal * [ citation intensifies ] *, 
  the sad thing is the bar is so low for a party at this point it 's unreal . 
  if there was just a party that did n't want to kill the nhs , did n't try and fuck over internet privacy and generally did n't do stupid controversial stuff they 'd have my vote for the rest of my life . 
  i know a nice country in the middle east where they have poor religious tolerance , hatred of gays and ban abortion . 
  i 'll pay for a one way flight if you like . 
  ah fuck , does this mean we won the competition of which country made the dumbest decision ? 
  the only way i could think of someone topping this is if they somehow bring hitler back to life . 
  at this point i think the monkey would have a better chance at getting a majority in parliment than any other party . 
  and ? 
  did i deny he was unavoidable ? 
  does n't mean that you should cozy up to him and start agreeing with his shit policies . 
  if i can physically talk to someone i can persuade them , im more thinking about the general population who knows absolutely nothing about any tech and all they hear is `` terrorism '' and are willing to give up all their rights . 
  that 's something im a bit on the fence about . 
  trump seems to like theresa may making me think relations could be closer . 
  at the same time trump has publicly called out sadiq khan , gchq and now theresa may might not even be prime minster at the end of the week . 
  it 's really fucking annoying being stuck in a position where you 've got no clue where the country is aiming politically . 
  the cozying up to trump is really worrying me to be honest , sure stronger bonds with other countries and that but of all leaders to buddy up to please not trump : /, 
  probably not , that 's what really fucking annoys me . 
  it 's really hard to describe something to someone when they do n't know what it 's like without and when the counter argument is `` well it might stop terrorism '' . 
  the second i heard about the snoopers charter i set my vpn to run 24/7 . 
  it 's sad that for a first world country i have to worry about my government attempting to spy on me , i 'd expect it from china . 
  i do get what you mean and specifically regarding brexit she might have been the best but it was her encryption laws , human rights etc that pushes me over . 
  oh god dammit not again :(, 
  all she needed to do was shut up and not be controversial . 
  - remove humans rights act - ban encryption - not turning up to debates im so glad this backfired . 
  wtf , i always thought it was just a stereotype with the netherlands and bikes . 
  til . 
  did i argue against capitalism or are you just trying to force words into my mouth ? 
  isis was caused by a drought - fact global warming causes droughts - fact us spends billions on anti-terrorism operations - fact `` oh no , we cant spend a little bit of money to stop the terrorist group forming in the first place though '', 
  poe 's law strikes again . 
  i do n't know what 's gone on at vauxhall but i 'd guess it was n't related due to it already being open again . 
  nobody will invest in some of the largest economy hubs in the world ? 
  edit : if he was being sarcastic i apologise , poe 's law strikes again . 
  no , there is n't . 
  westminster bridge was the first attack . 
  london bridge is this attack . 
  search it on google maps if you really do n't believe me . 
  it 's been 2 different bridges buddy . 
  i really hope this is just a joke : /, 
  no , there 's millions without proper sanitation and electricity . 
  they 're only the 2nd richest economy due to their large population . 
  watched too many movies ? 
  isis started because of a large drought that lead to strained resources and widespread protests that broke into a civil war . 
  what do you think will happen if sea levels rise ? 
  you think the low land is just gon na a magically not be covered by water ? 
  the free market will maximise profits by destroying the climate because for a company profit  anything else . 
  `` well we may have destroyed the world but for a brief moment we created a lot of value for our shareholders '', 
  it 's a bad deal because he 's going to be dead in 20 years tops and he does n't care about future generations and the effect this will have on them . 
  he wo n't have to deal with refugee crises after water and food supplies get strained in africa and the middle east and he wo n't have to deal with most of the east coast being underwater . 
  translation : im not smart enough to think of a response . 
  yea , it 's going to be pretty hard to scrub that light off the walls . 
  '' `` each country came to paris with a voluntary pledge to reduce emissions , '' christopher says . '', 
  the us designed their own target . 
  i know she refused to sign it but why direct so much hate towards her specifically ? 
  it 's donald trump that pulled out . 
  what has theresa may done ? 
  i 'd love to see a source for your claims . 
  back in reality : nobody forced any countries to agree to anything , the us agreed to keep to the target themselves and agreed to self report their progress .
