  thanks everyone !, 
  there 's no need to slalom , walk fast and if they try to start they speech just say `` bonjour/bonsoir '' with a nice smile and do n't stop walking . 
  they are not going to run after you, 
  as a result of ww1 there 's some area that still contain a large amount of unexploded ordinance , human remains and heavy metals pollution . 
  you should n't wander in those places if you have no business there https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zone_rouge, 
  maghrebi ( except pastries ) , couscous and tajin are papa bless, 
  mmm no . 
  there is n't some `` car-nationalism '' going on , french car manufacturers are well implanted in their home market , they are everywhere in france since car are manufactured ( renault and peugeot are some of the oldest car manufacturer in the world ) , they saturate the market and they know what french people want , i do n't see why it 's a shocking news . 
  japanese cars do n't really have a bad reputation here , [ especially toyota given that the yaris is built locally . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/toyota_motor_manufacturing_france ) and there is a partnership between [ renault and nissan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/renault%e2%80%93nissan_alliance ) . 
  between 2006 and 2011 [ the french gendarmerie also made the interesting choice to pick the subaru impreza wrx for chase vehicles ] ( http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xd4x5k_en-chasse-avec-la-subaru-des-gendar_news ) . 
  overall , i would say that japanese cars have a good reputation in france , but in sales they are still far behind french and other european manufacturers . 
  it 's full of french people, 
  yeah the history of franks is linked with what is now france , belgium , germany . 
  clovis was the first to unite the franks and his reign is considered a starting point of what is now france and french people . 
  oh right , i thought he was born in the 4th century ad . 
  big mistake !, 
  maybe vercingetorix , born in 82 bc . 
  he united the gauls and fought against julius caesar . 
  or clovis , born in 466 and first king of the frank . 
  the loss of algeria was a big hit on the french republic ( big enough to write a new constitution during the war ) . 
  it would be very very stupid to claim ownership of algeria once again , but our past actions and the legacy of colonialism is still a huge debate . 
  nah polish is easy , for instance `` fryderyk franciszek chopin '' is pronounced `` fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric fran\u00e7ois chopin '', 
  well , i live in a rural area and i do n't know the name of his neighbour either . 
  every two to three months , so it does n't stay lost in the depth of recruiting agencies website and potential recruiter can see my new r\u00e9sum\u00e9 pop up regularly . 
  is `` masturbarting 'til i die '' a valid emergency-plan ? 
  maybe east germany , but i guess the reunification helped a lot . 
  you can ask for `` une carafe d'eau '' ( a pitcher of water ) in french restaurants , they 'll give you free tap water . 
  everybody does that and you 'll not have weird looks . 
  but 3-stars restaurant , any reason for not picking wine ? 
  how many copies of our dear leader biography did you sell today ? 
  oh that old thing , yeah there used to have something between us but we are just friend now, 
  what the fuck did you just fucking say about me , you little bitch ? 
  i 'll have you know i graduated top of my class in the driving school , and i 've been involved in numerous secret raids on french roads , and we have over 30 000 confirmed roundabout . 
  i am trained in gorilla driving and i 'm the top roundabout merger in the entire europe . 
  you are nothing to me but just an other bump on the road . 
  i will wipe you the fuck out without my blinkers on the likes of which has never been seen before on this earth , mark my fucking words . 
  you think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the internet ? 
  think again , fucker . 
  as we speak i am contacting my secret network of l-drivers across france and your road is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm , maggot . 
  the storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life . 
  you 're fucking dead , kid . 
  i can be anywhere , anytime , and i can cut you off in over seven hundred ways , and that 's just with my dacia logan . 
  not only am i extensively trained in unlicensed driving , but i have access to the entire arsenal of the french car manufacturer and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent , you little shit . 
  if only you could have known what unholy retribution your little `` clever '' comment was about to bring down upon you , maybe you would have held your fucking tongue . 
  but you could n't , you did n't , and now you 're paying the price , you goddamn idiot . 
  i will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it . 
  you 're fucking dead , kiddo . 
  there is also `` sopalin '' for paper towel and `` caddie '' for shopping cart/trolley, 
  we were once , but germany disagreed , we disagreed more , then we disagreed together , after that we found some friends to disagree with us , they did the same , at first we disagreed best but they disagreed about our disagreement and disagreed way better this once , but it turned out that some bigger guys also disagreed with them , and in the end we were all wrong . 
  now we agree more and it 's better, 
  well , we already started a war over pastries we could start one for a tunnel . 
  i think when schumacher started running toward battiston could be a good start, 
  hey you too ? 
  or cheap julius caesar outfit, 
  -10 \u00b0 c this means that finns are ~ 80 % water and ~ 20 % ethanol . 
  seems about right, 
  this means that i can drive a motorcycle with a burka ? 
  yeah and because of that we only have 10 digits to work with , when we need big numbers we are forced to stick digits together and it 's confusing as hell . 
  with open borders more digits would have immigrated and counting would be way more easier, 
  dude , you need open borders to have a science boost . 
  everyone knows that, 
  a french with english ancestry , i do n't think you realise how much offensive you are . 
  go back to your corner and think about what you just said mister fancy dna . 
  solid answer . 
  what exactly are you doing ? 
  what do you expect europeans muslims to do ? 
  and what do you do to stop isis ? 
  no need to be afraid , you 'll all have a place in the restaured french empire and in macron 1 ^ er heart 's . 
  see , it 's already starting !, 
  lighting fireworks is usually done for new years eve ( especially in the north east ) and for the 14th of july ( bastille day ) . 
  nonetheless the use of fireworks by private citizen is forbidden by law but usually tolerated at those dates , but it 's better to ask the local authorities if we are allowed or not to light fireworks . 
  the sell is also heavily restricted and if you want some quality boom boom stick you need to go to an other country . 
  `` what are your talents ? '', 
  `` i can say bitoque caralho in 17 different languages '', 
  yep and we also have to show our mighty army to the whole world . 
  back to back world war semi-finalist baby !, 
  yes we do , except it 's 10 days later and all about france . 
  weird is n't it ? 
  that 's a weird place to ask that , except for some irish every european people you 'll met here will at least speak two languages ( their mother tongue + english ) . 
  well , i 've lived in a lot of places ( aquitaine , valenciennes , nancy , lyon , valence ) and met people from every corner of the ~ ~ empire ~ ~ country and i 've never heard about this 2 $ `` mandatory '' tip nor seen a waiter upset because we did n't tip . 
  i do n't recall seeing someone consistently tipping at least 2 $ . 
  i 'm under the impression that no-tip is the norm here , and i only see someone tipping for a very good service or if the waiter have to do extra work because of the patron . 
  yep i edited my comment , you were right , my bad . 
  thanks for taking the time to link a source , 
  looks like you are mistaking english with british . 
  christian bale is welsh and british , but not english  you should correct that before a subject of her majesty tries to impale you with a bayonet . 
  edit : oh my bad you were right , he 's a welsh born english . 
  til, 
  the dark knight rises . 
  because nolan 's batman are awesome and marion cotillard delivers the most convincing death in the whole hollywood history . 
  `` asterix '' , without a doubt . 
  `` lanfeust de troy '' ( and everything related to the `` troy '' universe ) is also worth a read . 
  maybe it was done to break off from the soviet era . 
  if you need someone selling eiffel towers keychains and glow bracelets i know the place . 
  is this the one with kangaroos ? 
  a little bit like your `` school shooting drill '' with less ressources involved . 
  edit : i was intensly googling how those drill happen in france but i think it mays ring a bell , and i do n't really want to be monitored . 
  so you 're on your own if you want some example , 
  same for me , i also had a chemical spill drill since i was near a seveso classified plant .
