  if all you need to defend was to refuse any physical contact and wait for your opponent to come at you defending will become really easy . 
   plus , following this logic , all field players need just to run hard against the goalie and push whatever is in their way and it 's ok . you did n't read what i wrote ? 
  i literraly said that if the player and the goalie both want to engage in a physical duel the player who push the hand of the goalie is wrong . 
  in this case tatarusanu ignored the physical contact , he ignored the flow of the game , he was clearly in defavor . 
   plus , how do you define intensity ? 
  by the speed ? 
  yes there is the speed , but also the direction he is heading and where he 's focusing his efforts . 
  if tatarusanu was more focused on the incoming impact with giroud and less on the ball this situation could have been avoided . 
   the goalie was closer so he did n't need to move fast and hard to get to the ball . 
  well and giroud was faster and moving with more aggressivity , i guess that 's what surprised him . 
   the player clearly attacked him and pushed his hands . 
  he did , but by refusing the physical contact tatarusanu putted himself in jeopardy . 
  you ca n't win your physical duel by just refusing the contact and wait for the referee to act in your favor , that 's not how the game works . 
  no you ca n't push the goalie hands , if both players are engaging in the duel with the same intensity the one who push the goalie hands is in the wrong . 
  the problem here is that tatarusanu is not engaging in an aerial duel when an aerial duel is inavoidable . 
  if he was going in with more aggressivity , tried to push giroud out of the way and punch the ball ( what he should have done ) there would be no problem , giroud pushes his hands and it 's a foul . 
  instead he tried to avoid the duel and went for an easy grab , look the way he jump and how he raised his arms , he refused the physical contact while a physical contact was inevitable . 
  when there 's an aerial duel and one of the player is 100 % committed ( giroud ) and the other one is not ( tatarusanu ) , it 's preferable to favor the one who has the will to play and to win the ball . 
  i agree that what giroud did with his arm was borderline , but tatarusanu did n't show any intention to engage in a physical duel and that 's definitely what played against him . 
  it 's hard to sanction the player who want to play the game and favor the one who refuse the physical contact . 
  giroud would have shove tatarusanu out of the way with an other part of his body no matter what and we would be talking about that because the hit would have been impressive . 
  by not engaging agressively tatarusanu lost his right to pretend he could win the duel . 
  giroud could have pulled him with his arm , shoulder or butt , it 's the same , he 's the only one playing with the will to win the duel and for the flow of the game it 's better to favor him . 
  i understand it 's a tough call though . 
  the referee could have sanction giroud , i would have disagree but i would n't be mad . 
  what giroud did with his arm was borderline and he was only favored because tatarusanu clearly lacked the will to engage in a physical duel . 
   pulling away the goalkeepers arms from the ball is always a foul . 
  then why is it not stated in the law of the game ? 
  it does n't work like that , in this situation you have an inavoidable duel . 
  giroud was coming for the duel and tatarusanu was not , if you favor the player who ** refuse ** to engage in a physical contact then there 's a big problem and defending suddenly become a lot more easier . 
  the problem is that tatarusanu was too shy , if he was coming with a real intention to play the duel and then giroud pulled away his arms , then it 's a blatant foul . 
  in this case he was not coming with a real intention to play the duel , was looking for an easy grab and giroud obviously had the best of him . 
  looking at what are the intention of the players is a dead giveaway and this is at what you should look at when there is a rough duel like that . 
   it 's not only about pushing the hand of the goalkeeper . 
  you are making the same mistake journalists often do , you focus your attention on the moment of impact . 
   by looking solely at the impact in slow motion it 's nearly impossible to make a decision and it 's not how a ref make a call . 
  you also need to look at how both players act before the duel . 
   payet kick the ball , giroud get rid of is defender , he is well positioned and ready to head the ball . 
  at this moment it 's obvious there will be an aerial duel between giroud and tatarusanu . 
  both players should be ready for that . 
   giroud come in full force , jumps early and brace for impact . 
  he obviously wants to play the incoming duel . 
   tatarusanu is coming in at a slower pace and jump with his two arms raised to gently catch the ball , he wants to avoid an inevitable duel . 
  this is his mistake , if he was going in full force , ready to punch the ball and get giroud out of the way , then giroud is in the wrong . 
   when there is an aerial duel and only one of the players involved is fully commited to the duel he gets the priority . 
  tatarusanu was a bit shy and did not clearly stated his intention to play the duel , this is why there is no foul and why the three ref in the vicinity took the right decision without an ounce of doubt . 
  edit : and you also have a strong bias here :  france tho has history of winning matches with refs assistance  giroud know for this kind of behavior you do n't base your decision on the history of a team or the reputation of a player , that 's just wrong . 
  with this logic any rough aerial duel giroud is involved in should be sanctioned and every tough decision made by a ref should be taken against france . 
   all the rules say is that an outfield player ca n't unfairly impede the goalkeeper yes , and giroud is not unfairly impeding tatarusanu . 
  they were both engaging in an aerial duel . 
  [ here i give a more in depth answer on why i think there was no foul . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4nigb8/euro2016_france_wins_match_with_romania/d44ojdb ), 
  how can you know i 'm biased ? 
  to be honest with you i do n't really like this team of ours and at this point of the game i was really happy for romania , they clearly dominated the first half of the game and imo deserved to score first . 
  [ here i give a more in depth answer on why i think there was no foul ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4nigb8/euro2016_france_wins_match_with_romania/d44ojdb ) . 
  it 's not only about pushing the hand of the goalkeeper . 
  you are making the same mistake journalists often do , you focus your attention on the moment of impact . 
  by looking solely at the impact in slow motion it 's nearly impossible to make a decision and it 's not how a ref make a call . 
  you also need to look at how both players act before the duel . 
  payet kick the ball , giroud get rid of is defender , he is well positioned and ready to head the ball . 
  at this moment it 's obvious there will be an aerial duel between giroud and tatarusanu . 
  both players should be ready for that . 
  giroud come in full force , jumps early and brace for impact . 
  he obviously wants to play the incoming duel . 
  tatarusanu is coming in at a slower pace and jump with his two arms raised to gently catch the ball , he wants to avoid an inevitable duel . 
  this is his mistake , if he was going in full force , ready to punch the ball and get giroud out of the way , then giroud is in the wrong . 
  when there is an aerial duel and only one of the players involved is fully commited to the duel he gets the priority . 
  tatarusanu was a bit shy and did not clearly stated his intention to play the duel , this is why there is no foul and why the three ref in the vicinity took the right decision without an ounce of doubt . 
  well , i 'm not afraid to be against the majority  there is nothing in the laws of the game that state that the goalkeeper should have the priority and there 's three other pro referee well positioned at differents angles who did n't see a foul . 
  the only offense related to the goalkeeper are when a player try to prevent the goalkeeper to properly release the ball from his hands or restrict his movement by impending him ( often seen before a corner king or free kick ) . 
  in this case both players ( giroud and tatarunatsu ) are engaging in an aerial duel , giroud come first with more impact and won the duel , goalkeeper are not immune to physical contact . 
   france played a lousy game , i think that 's the sole reason we played a decent one . 
  you 're too harsh with your team , france played a lousy game because the romanian defence and midflied was really strong . 
  damn , you had a strong hold on the midfield on the 20 first minutes and the better opportunities . 
  romania did a really good impression and if it was n't for a big payet the result could have been way different . 
  i disagree , giroud was coming in full power and was under the ball first . 
  tatarusanu should have anticipated a tough duel and hit the ball with a firm punch , instead he tried to hold the ball like he was alone and was obviously hustled that 's his mistake . 
  i do n't really see a foul , the romanian goalkeeper fucked up that 's all . 
  giroud had the best of him and tatarusanu tried to catch the ball when he should have punch it . 
  yes that 's it , it just meant that the indian kings ruling those territories were more likely to support and trade with the french rather than the british ( or portuguese , dutch , danish , etc ) . 
  it was not at all a complete control , just being friends with the locals . 
  the french influence did n't last very long in comparison to the british ( most of it was lost during the seven years war ) , those areas did n't really had time to be , even a little bit , influenced by the french presence . 
  and i fully concur , those french sphere of influence has no french influence at all . 
  some territories around pondichery and yanam were indeed under direct french control . 
  but the map also show french sphere of influence and allies . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:french_india_1741-1754.png ( purple : french rule , blue : french influence ), 
  yep , it 's fresh and real \\ ^ \\ ^ . 
  according to the article what motivated jupp\u00e9 was that georges fenech , a representative close to sarkozy , showed a strong support to alain jupp\u00e9 . 
  it shows that even the sarkozy 's supporters who were initially against jupp\u00e9 are ready to support his presidential campaign . 
  yes of course , just today alain jupp\u00e9 ( the one who lost against fillon during the republican primaries ) said that he would be ready to take fillon place if fillon asked for it , and that he would respect his political agenda . 
  http://www.liberation.fr/france/2017/03/02/remplacer-fillon-juppe-serait-pret-mais-loyal_1552764 ( i 'm sorry i can only find a source in french i 'll try to find one in english ) edit : source in english thanks to / u/atomicavacado : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/03/02/francois-fillons-home-searched-corruption-investigators-alain/, 
  it 's hard to say , with le pen and fillon out of the picture m\u00e9lenchon also become a really strong candidate . 
  acording to the last polls he is currently a little bit behind hamon ( hamon 14 % m\u00e9lenchon 11 % ) , and i can easily see him fill the vacuum left by le pen . 
  it 's not a `` standard procedure '' , it 's an option the judges investigating the case can exploit . 
  if they can justify the need to search someone house they are allowed to do it . 
  the last big financial scandal involving french politician was the [ `` cahuzac affair '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_j%c3%a9r%c3%b4me_cahuzac_affair ) , they did n't raided his home but they raided one of his collaborator . 
  * laugh in german *, 
  teaching geography to a 10 years old can be hard , so any tips is welcome . 
  i already found several tricks : * estonia , latvia and lithuania are in alphabetical order * norway is the most northern country * there was a czechoslovakia , so czech republic and slovakia are side by side * same for the austro-hungarian empire . 
  mnemonics for the rest of the world , american states or physical geography can also join the party .
