you think merkel approves of tax evasion ? 
  not even him . 
  it 's what barosso said poroshenko told him . 
  if you wan na believe what putin told poroschenko and then what poroschenko told barosso told then yes . 
  why would you judge people 1000 years ago by the moral standards of today ? 
  when showing your heritage ( slavic i guess ) i 'd go with a fitting adidas ( r ) tracksuit and a dark workman 's cap . 
  if you happen to come across your american buddies i would advice saying : `` how you doing my homies . '', 
  that would be the best way of showing your heritage, 
  stupid post . 
  if you 're gon na make a list like this please add : is in scotland so you can tick even more boxes . 
  well i was to the new one and it was great also i took this photo : http://i.imgur.com/rjixw5j.jpg, 
  i do have one already but i always being able to test what i learned . 
  i like that he is writing in english and french . 
  as someone that is learning french right now , being able to read french and see if what i read and understood is correct . 
  interesting guy , though i dunno what 's with his fetish for spamming reddit with news stories about extremists . 
  the article describes a yezide protest against is in northrine westphalia . 
  nothing about protests in berlin is mentioned there . 
  that was in berlin not north rhine-westphalia . 
  yeah these salafists may be the scum of the earth but that does not justify hating on all muslims . 
  did you even read the article ? 
  there was n't any group of `` immigrants '' going through the streets and yelling `` death to the jews '' . 
  no they will not accomplish anything because that is such a small group and really there is no support for them in the german muslim community . 
  this article is basically just fear mongering . 
  then why am i getting downvoted for my opinion on cultural diversity while/u/shrekman123 is getting upvoted for speaking out against diversity ? 
  you see these neo-nazis in disguise in every thread that talks about any foreigners . 
  always blaming immigrants that are looking for a better live on the problems that they created themselves . 
  also immigrants being criminal : that is indeed partly true . 
  though immigrants do n't come to europe from the third world countries just to get into crime . 
  they come here here to get a job and do n't live as miserable as in their home country . 
  but when they get here they often are n't even allowed to work and get a proper job , so they have to commit crimes to earn money . 
  fuck these nazis honestly . 
  instead of giving people a chance to live here , they are bashing all muslims and foreigners alike because some extremist do what extremists have the right to say their opinion . 
  it 's incredible what you can find here when issues like `` the muslim menace '' and `` gypsys are stealing your cars and raping your sister '' come up . 
  yeah , the shit that some of these neo-nazis in disguise spout is ridiculous . 
  and you get down voted for such a statement . 
  i do n't know why you see diversity as an immigration policy , i was thinking of cultural diversity , nothing specific . 
  what was the objective and why has it failed ( in your opinion ) ? 
  great she tore down a black flag with arab writings . 
  who cares ? 
  and fuck you op for your click-bait title . 
  it 's pretty good actually . 
  well you ca n't blame them . 
  how does a 15-year-old turk get into a club ? 
  he grows his beard out and takes his mom 's passport . 
  shit, 
  why honour these idiots with tv air time ? 
  so berlin is n't eastern germany ? 
  you work at cern ? 
  technically you 're right they are voting on the bill today . 
  germany does actually have a minimum wage . 
  yeah mate fuck those nude beaches . 
  only saggy tits and low hanging balls . 
  did polandball actually teach me anything ? 
  i do n't know what is going on in the video but it sure is good for bitcoin . 
  where the fuck is tartastan ? 
  do you really think germany supports spying on angela merkel ? 
  who made those piecharts ? 
  flair up !, 
  what trap ? 
  you mean getting relatively low interest rates ? 
   no , i grew up in that country , and my knowledge is not from cnn , fox or bbc . 
  it 's from rt, 
  now what ? 
  that sht happens every day in berlin why is it important if it is an israeli victim ? 
  berlin is a big city - shit happens . 
  why not move to mali ? 
  it 's hot all year , food is cheap and the people are nice too . 
  the english version has most of the time more pictures . 
  well using a word does n't proof that much . 
  then upvote it and move on.p, 
  i 'd call it a latin word . 
  stupid german and all its different local accents . 
  revenge is ours !, 
  bridges are overrated any ways . 
  who needs them when you can just swim across ? 
  preventable diseases are on the rise . 
  maybe we should do something against it , maybe not . 
  looks like the choice for syrian citizens is one between the devil and the deep blue sea . 
  either you get dragged behind a car by crazy islamists or assad 's henchmen torture you to death . 
  sensationalist title much ? 
  do n't you tell me how to call my kebab . 
  i do n't know . 
  you are part of the 5 % -9 % speaking german in the uk . 
  can you give me a link where i can read about it ? 
  oh i should have looked up some sources before saying that . 
  yeah not getting a seat in trains . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  why would that be a reason to abandon schengen ? 
  do n't worry most of their supporters are dead in 10-20 years . 
  do you see overpopulation just as not being able to get a seat in [ trains ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1xcrgn/swiss_voters_to_decide_whether_to_abandon_eu_free/cfaayua ) during rush hour ? 
  google is probally just there because of relatively low taxes . 
  this is the most stupid thing i have read on this subreddit . 
  i would n't consider nuclear an alternative . 
  you know what happened in fukushima and chernobyl . 
  germany is also trying to replace coal with renewable energies . 
  / r/badhistory you have no idea what you 're talking about , do you ? 
  why do you ignore that he saw all muslims and arabs as subhumans ? 
  gl ; hf greece, 
  have you ever actually been to berlin ? 
  come on that 's just stupid .
