  evil west aggressive !, 
  bonus :  russians will fight regardless of who sits the throne , because we are not fighting for the leader but for christ and for russia , the land he gave us as the third rome . 
  what exactly will you be fighting for ? 
  well damn  in parallel , as much as we do not like war , and in orthodoxy killing in combat is still a sin as we do not have the heresy of just war, 
  gr8 b8 m8 , i r8 8/8 no h8, 
  yes russia harms more . 
  those actions , while not excusable , did not trigger a new cold war , and were n't done so close to europe as to shake the whole paradigm of `` wars among civilized , wealthy nations are a thing of the past '' , which led to the ww 's . 
  ( i do n't have to tell you how those went ) . 
  also , a lot of those actions which you so bring up with so much relish ( a.i. 
  the new world ) were a long time ago . 
  while not excusable , it 's not the fucking same , by that logic most historical figures would be criminals . 
  do you get some pleasure from using whataboutisms and [ fallacies ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/presentism_ ( literary_and_historical_analysis ) in your arguements ? 
  god is actually a serb artilleryman . 
  oh god why, 
  he was a mammal, 
  he was indo-european . 
  yes . 
  it kinda makes sense . 
  if the ussr still existed , there would be no ukraine , hence no war . 
  ^ ( ^ ^ ^ ^ thank ^ ^ ^ ^ god ^ ^ ^ ^ it ^ ^ ^ ^ does n't ^ ^ ^ ^ exist ^ ^ ^ ^ anymore . ), 
  heads up boys !, 
  we 're contagious !, 
  have you tried making a pro-polish party in russia ? 
  they 're doing that . 
  still ... do you even geopolitics ? 
  that missed opportunity / u/bigbadbuttercat ... you could 've been a bat instead of a feline ... 
  shes so pale the light 's reflecting off her skin  . , 
  if one looks objectively at the bigger picture ( which romanians tend to not do , since we suffer from a very virulent form of inferiority complex ) we 've been on the rise for 25 years . 
  i disagree . 
  if anything , this is the time when romania is at an important tipping point towards the better . 
  dat inferiority complex tho . 
  i , for one , support ** you ** in your choice . 
  no wonder israel fared so well against all those arab countries invading . 
  dick punching ? 
  i have a hunch that the perpetrators did it . 
  it 's not about how big they are , it 's about how they fly , 
  the bullets , obviously . 
  you would soon after ... and not as partners . 
  jokes on you . 
  there is no more royalty to shoot !, 
  god no . 
  did n't like the last time things were that way . 
  as polish , you should know better than to encourage austria to join germany . 
  well , since sweden is the bipolar elysium for the unfortunate immigrant , as shown by your welcoming attitude towards the muslim immigrants , why do n't you teach us how to deal with them , oh beneficent ones !, 
  go ahead , integrate them , they have more of a right to be there than other immigrants since they 're from the eu . 
  if it does n't bother you that they 're there why do n't you help them , since you obviously know the situation thoroughly in both romania , sweden and the gypsies in regards to their relationships with each other , but then ... why are you bitching left and right if you do n't mind ? 
  oh riiiiiiight , swedes , being the good samaritans that they are , are preoccupied that the gypsies are n't helped by romania while they 're in sweden , and not because they do n't want them there . 
  tell me ... should we forcefully sterilize our gypsies like you did ? 
  by the way ... when are you instituting the sharia ? 
  fine ... we 'll take the gypsies , you can gtfo with your companies that entered the market aided by the eu in the detriment of the national ones . 
  we 'll see who suffers more . 
  you ca n't have just your way . 
  you have foreigners in your country , boo hoo . 
  get over yourself . 
  well ... i do n't know how good looking british women are , but statistically they have the largest breasts in europe ... so you have that going for you . 
  you ca n't attack transnistria , that would complicate things , the russian 14th army is there . 
  diplomacy and economic warfare are the only options for the two countries . 
  no calm can be had !, 
  with a large crack on it and a chip in it 's foot . 
  oh really ? 
  did i , my country or my country 's allies invade / modify the borders of a sovereign country through military means , and start a veritable cold war ? 
  [ it was actually the imperialistic americans and the decadent and corrupt west that did it !, 
  ] ( http://diablo.incgamers.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/index.jpg ) it was n't glorious and great mother russia who did it !, 
  piss off hypocrite . 
  the depths of your arrogance , ignorance , and lack of grammar ( for an american national , no less ) astounds me . 
  whether you like it or not , transnistria should n't exist , and the possibility of it being gone is growing more and more since russia is n't supporting it anymore . 
  it 's more apparent that the idiot in this conversation is you , since you do n't know shit ( or are refusing to ) when it comes to the history of the area you 're talking about . 
  of fucking course russia is to blame , russia fucked up the whole of eastern europe , and the soviets were the scum of the earth , on par with the nazis with what they did . 
  but i doubt any of this will go through to you , since you 're hanging blindly to that skewed view you have there . 
  you did n't even know that transnistria is n't all russian , so i 'm pretty sure you 're talking out of your ass . 
  have fun , i 'm done battering myself against this wall ... it 's too thick . 
  that spy is a spy !, 
  tell me ... is it nice to be a pro-russian shill ? 
  what benefits do you get ? 
  seeing your perspective , whatever it may be , you do n't know shit of the history , geopolitics or situation of the zone , or how it came to be the way it is today . 
  this is n't about idealism , it 's about solving an issue that should 've been solved ages ago and could 've been solved ages ago if russia did n't stick it 's grubby little hands in it . 
  no , they are not ethnic russians , there are multiple ethnicities there the most numerous of all being moldovans ( romanians ) who are treated like shit , closely followed in numbers by ukrainians and then russians , and you ca n't say what they want , since that whole wretched `` state '' was artificially created by russia so it can hold on to whatever influence it had left when the ussr fell . 
   i have an idea !!!, 
  if moldova wants security then they can enforce the borders there instead of pretending like its still part of moldova . 
  maybe russia should fuck off with it 's 14th army and then we 'll see how much self determination a state that is composed of 3 ethnicities of almost equal number has . 
  that reminded me of the recent news which said that dodon ( leader of the kremlin backed pro-russian party in moldova ) wanted to grant moldovan citizenship to the romanians from moldova ( other side of the prut , the region ) , thus granting romanians the right to vote in moldovan elections . 
  i ca n't see any way for that to backfire spectacularly on him . 
  non-soviet russians , best russians . 
  are n't they the `` lipoveni '' russians who were persecuted by russia and came there ? 
  or were already there and were persecuted by russia until that territory became romanian ? 
  i forget which one . 
  you are geopolitically impaired . 
  well , it was his job to `` make it blue '' and he failed spectacularly so far . 
  it was n't sensible for russia to cut spending to transnistria and make the same population suffer , bye bye energy , and the self proclaimed government is having trouble providing the same services they did before to that population . 
  whatever you do in that area , the population suffers , it 's a soviet state for christ sake . 
  as for not wanting to be part of moldova , it did n't want to be part of moldova the same way abhkazia , south ossetia , crimea and now parts of eastern ukraine did n't want `` to be part '' of their respective nations . 
  russia created these strings of frozen conflict ( except eastern ukraine , that 's not that frozen ) , transnistria included ( with help at the time from ukraine ) , it should n't even exist , and russia is putting pressure in moldova to create more breakaway regions , so romania and ukraine working towards helping moldova is a big step . 
  also , i 'm sure transnistria has a will of it 's own with the russian 14th army stationed there alone as `` peacekeepers '' who have achieved the performance of prolonging a conflict for those 20 years . 
  moldova has been , technically , in a state of frozen conflict for that long . 
  thanks a lot ponta  :|, 
  russia has stopped financing transnistria , which is very bad for it since it ca n't run anything without russian money , moldova was powerless ( still kinda is by itself ) until now to put the breakaway transnistria under submission , especially since russia is / was it 's creator and daddy . 
  with both romania and ukraine working together , something as simple as ukraine blocking the borders and romania doing it 's thing with moldova , immense pressure can be put on them , giving leverage against the self-proclaimed authorities . 
   they 're not 100 % whatever derogatory term you can come up with . 
  i meant a multitude of derogatory terms that could be used . 
  the tables have turned , i see .
