what i 'd like to know is why they 're getting 300 euros for signing in in the first place , it 's a little bit ridiculous to say the least . 
   in my opinion though , the campaign by some british tabloids against him ( `` cognac for breakfast '' ) had the exact opposite effect first thing i thought when i read `` cognac for breakfast '' was winston churchill . 
   only 5 guys reap the benefits this is n't true at all . 
  go and look at the salaries the drivers are paid and then come back and claim only 5 guys are benefiting . 
  most people that are working in formula 1 are probably payed well and at the least fair . 
  having said that the current financial system formula 1 has is n't sustainable and needs to be addressed . 
  hopefully we will see something like a budget cap for the teams . 
  this will even out the competition out as well because there 's no way a team like toro roso can compete with ferrari due to the huge differences in budget . 
  the one in tobruk or tripoli ? 
  advancing to the city was n't tactically out of touch but entering it and engaging in urban combat certainly was , as was the fact that hitler forbade any break out attempts by the 6th once they had been encircled . 
  the only reason that stalingrad occurred was because of propaganda and politics , not military necessity . 
  privateers !, 
   you will never get things done in that environment . 
  apt description of the european union in its current form i think . 
  do me a favor ? 
  next time when you post a link mention that it contains images of dead people and severe injuries . 
  i 'd really like a heads up when i 'm about to see a guy with his eye blown out . 
  i suppose wealthy greeks also use it to hide their tax money . 
  do n't be so gullible and uninformed . 
  putins antic have resulted in the loss of life of not only your countryman but also ukrainian and russian soldiers . 
  in addition to that his current antics in syria have caused another influx of refuges , what he is doing in syria is only making matters worse . 
  i wish we had proper forest in the netherlands , the best we have are more akin to parks than actual proper forests . 
  meanwhile the netherlands just finished construction on two brand new coal power plants . 
  the netherlands will have a advisory referendum on april 6th concerning this association treaty . 
  that 's still 150,000 dollar which is still pretty good imo . 
  not if you melt it down or take it apart and sell the pieces separately . 
  the uk losing scotland following the brexit ? 
  they wo n't like it but they `` ll accept it with a referendum . 
   but common sense dictates that evolution shaped our digestive system for less meat consumption this is not how evolution works . 
  maybe we `` ll go out with a bang in december ? 
  ww3 here we come !, 
  2016 you 're the gift that keeps on giving !, 
  i challenge you to find a picture like that from the netherlands , 
   which is simply not true ; as the studies demonstrate . 
  ethnicity plays no significant role whatsoever in predicting who becomes a criminal . 
  if you 're white and you grow up in an `` achterstandswijk '' populated by mainly white people , you 're just as likely to turn to crime as a non-westerner who grows up in a non-western filled achterstandswijk . 
  there 's no significant statistical difference between the two . 
  you 're misunderstanding a bit or i 'm not clear enough . 
  what i am saying is that there is a correlation between ethnicity and criminality , i 'm not claiming that there is causality between the two just a correlation . 
  this distinction is very important . 
  with regards to you comments about the acterstandswijk , i agree but when you make that comment one should also consider the demographic of the achterstandswijk . 
  i suspect that if one does that you `` ll find a over representation of foreigners . 
  again i 'm not claiming causality here between foreigners and achterstandswijken but i suspect you `` ll find a over representation of foreigners in achterstandswijken . 
   however , the study also goes on to clearly state the differences start to largely vanish when they account for age , gender , and socio-economic factors . 
  please read page 88 of the study i linked it clearly states that the opposite of what you 're claiming here . 
  meaning that your study only applies to the neighborhoods in rotterdam you ca n't take the results of that study and apply it to a national level or for the entire population of the netherlands . 
  it even states in the introduction of that study that its concerned with causality , what i 'm talking about is descriptive . 
  i 'm gon na leave it at this . 
  reading that article i find it a bit strange because they 're claiming there 's no correlation between ethnicity and criminality . 
  if you look at the neighborhoods and the background of social circles i suspect you 'd find the following : you 're more likely to be a criminal if you live in a neighborhood filled with non-western foreigners and your social circle are made up of non-western foreigners which incidentally would also mean you are more likely to be a non-western foreigner . 
  look at [ this ] ( http://statline.cbs.nl/statweb/publication/?dm=slnl&amp;pa=80318ned&amp;d1=a&amp;d2=0&amp;d3=0&amp;d4=a&amp;d5=a&amp;d6=l&amp;hdr=g5,g1,g2,t&amp;stb=g4,g3&amp;vw=t ) and [ this ] ( http://statline.cbs.nl/statweb/publication/?dm=slnl&amp;pa=82321ned&amp;d1=a&amp;d2=a&amp;d3=a&amp;d4=a&amp;d5=l&amp;vw=t ) . 
  non-western foreigners are more likely to be suspect of a crime , they 're also make up a disproportionate percentage of convicts . 
  then there 's also [ this study ] ( https://www.cbs.nl/nr/rdonlyres/fa26e32c-250b-4d1d-b3b9-35085b6c48bc/0/2005verdachtvancriminaliteit.pdf ) which confirms exactly what i 'm saying . 
  there are issues with criminality and anti-social behavior within the non-western foreigner demographic in the netherlands you ca n't deny that . 
  i 'd just like to point at that your quote only takes into account weapons , presumably the numbers will be different when we include illegal substances . 
  having said that i 'd always advocate effective policies over non-effective ones . 
   that said , i 'd be pretty ashamed of my country if these numbers are even remotely accurate . 
  you should n't be because this kind of profiling is completely rational when you look at the statistics , you 'd be better of wondering why non-western immigrants are over represented as criminals and fixing that issues instead of focusing on anecdotes and outliers like typhoon . 
  do n't get me wrong i understand that for typhoon things like this suck but that does n't mean this kind of policing is wrong or ineffective ... again i 'd much rather have to focus on ending the over representation of criminality and anti-social behavior in the non western immigrant communities . 
  you 're right on both accounts ; most losses were transport and it was very painful in the long term . 
  not only in terms of materials that were lost but also pilots . 
  to add to that the transport aircraft that they lost would have come in handy for the stalingrad air bridge . 
  i think it can be said for most nations that resisted nazi germany military that they did a decent job ; poland inflicted significant losses , the low country did as well and certainly france did ; especially so when you consider that those battles were a run up to the battle of britain and operation barbarossa . 
   when was the last time the dutch army was capable of defending its own territory from either france or germany ? 
  i can i just point at that despite the small budget and lack of equipment the dutch army did perform rather will during the 2nd world war . 
  specifically the aircraft losses germany suffered contributed to them losing the battle of britain . 
  that 's the russian narrative , i do not see a reason why ukraine should follow it . 
  so you 're saying ukraine should cut off ukrainian citizens from their ukrainian water supply ? 
  i just do n't understand the reasoning behind this plan at all . 
  they want to use the libyan coast guard , which is nonexistent to stop immigrants . 
  in order to do so they need to negotiate with the nonexistent government of libya . 
  also i 'd rather not see the eu do business with eritrea . 
  they 're the north korea of africa . 
  this plan just seems to place the responsibility of european security in the hands of africa with a couple of threats and bribes . 
  it would be far better if the libyan coast was patrolled by european warships . 
  if they find ` refugees ' they should be detained and put ashore on libyan ports . 
   how would a single country do better ? 
  you ca n't bring them back without a de facto invasion . 
  this is n't necessarily true , most of the heavy lifting in syria and iraq is done be the united states and russia . 
  they interest do not necessarily align with that of the eu so it would be better if the eu was more proactive in creating stability in syria and iraq . 
   they all signed a variety of human rights conventions . 
  those were n't for show , if you thought so . 
  they have the right to refuge , to be organized by the receiving entity as they want . 
  giving people a residence permit based on their status as refugee is emphatically not the same as eu citizenship . 
  the first does n't allow free movement , the latter does . 
  even so , it 's free movement of labor - so they would have to get a job to stay . 
  again , those hr conventions are n't for show . 
  for those human rights conventions to be used a refugee will have to apply for status in a nation state . 
  now i 'm too lazy to look up the statistics but i `` ll wager that no one from syria is very eager to stay in poland or finland . 
  this of course creates a problem because countries where refugees want to stay or travel through are affected far more than countries that refugees are not interested it . 
  also when a refugee is granted permission to stay within a country they have to integrate into that country and they are given citizenship . 
  if you have a country that is unwilling to take in refugees you can not realistically except such a country to care for refugees . 
  irregardless of conventions and treaties , this is the reality of it . 
   it was n't the eu 's competency to do so . 
  the eu was not allowed to take these decisions or to act on it . 
  it was a competency of the national governments , and only two years after the refugee stream started and they realized they could n't hide behind the dublin convention , they came to their senses and were forced to admit that this issue was impossible to resolve without cooperation , and then they chose the most suitable platform for such cooperation : the eu . 
  really , the eu ca n't just decide to raise taxes and to reorganize the border guard . 
  my point is that the eu should have the competency to deal with situations like the refugee crisis . 
  when you have a european single market and a refugee crisis it does n't make sense wait for individual nation states to do something . 
   how in the seven hells is eu a failure ?
