  also romani ( gypsy ) , russians , other ruthians , poles and many many other . 
  polish officials never took part voluntarily against jewish population . 
  many poles did - because they were jealous , they wanted to gain something or because they were prejudiced . 
  but at the same time , many poles helped their jewish neighboors , even though it was punished by death on spot by the german occupants ( unlike in western europe ) . 
  check [ \u017begota ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c5%bbegota ) , [ szmalcownik ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/szmalcownik ) or [ witold pilecki ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/witold_pilecki ) 's biography on that . 
  last thing - fortunately not all jews in poland were killed during ww2 . 
  they were and still are a part of this country . 
  too bad many of them left poland in 1968 because of anti-semmitic riots organised by the polish communist regime :(, 
  i would agree in the most parts . 
  two things i 'd like to add , though . 
  1 ) the situation is slightly different in the states and australia , than it is in `` the old world '' . 
  these countries were actually built by immigrants and not so long time ago . 
  it might be important . 
  2 ) just a little hint from my point of view - always be very cautious with your belief in general goodness and higher decency of your own country . 
  even if you 're right , always bear in mind that this way of thinking has lead many astray . 
  thanks for this little discussion , 
  i must say that is a bold question for someone who calls themself a fwendly mushwoom :p sorry for not expressing myself clearly enough . 
  i was suggesting that in the us , uk and australia there might be stronger social stigma against anti-semmitism than in some other countries and therefore people tend to answer `` in a safer manner '' . 
  if that 's the case , i would n't judge here , if such stigma is a good or bad thing . 
  what i also wanted to express in my most unsuited way is the other possibility - that it 's also possible people of these countries are just more decent , openminded and build a better society than other countries ( let 's hope that 's the case ) . 
  the last part , well just a onomatopoeic association with [ this song ] ( http://songmeanings.com/songs/view/7778/ ) cheerio !, 
  all my knowledge of history and family stories of last 70 years told me to expect this , but i tried to convince myself that maybe this time we might get along better than before . 
  i 'm sorry and disappointed but unfortunately not surprised . 
  ow , they might be less sincewe in such polls than othew countwies , because of public stigma ... ow they might just be decent people . 
  ow , ow ow ow ... you do n't have to go oh oh oh oh oh ... 
  but they did n't forget about poland ... this time . 
  how unusual . 
  i vonder how sincere ze respondents actually vere over zere ... 
  i guess he means that it 's all of it ... but what do i know , really ? 
  if the flag is upside-down it 's a distress call , 
  i do n't really know , as there are tons and tons of trolls and very stupid and aggressive people on polish forums . 
  ** and fierce gales of all vodkas are pouring your way ... 
  well , thank you for that . 
  still , in my opinion veebohrohvah is close enough for a foreigner . 
  it 's going to be understood and that 's what counts . 
  fun fact : it 's also much shorter to write :p, 
  i can understand the basis for this way of thinking ( similar to `` not in my backyard '' when something needs to be done ) . 
  i would n't be very eager to die for some remote location 's safety or `` for general justice '' , either . 
  but at the same time , i know that this way of thinking has proved to be delusory and misleading so many times in history . 
  it 's always somewhere far away , someone else 's problem ... and then , suddenly the bad guys are at your gates and they do n't give a shit about what you think , believe in or have to say . 
  i do n't know why you are downvoted that much , but as i said - i do n't know any germans who think the way these articles suggest . 
  i wonder if it 's an effect of my narrow acquaintance or is there any other reason for that ? 
  either way - it 's surely an interesting topic . 
  scary but interesting . 
  thanks for the links !, 
  the germans i know do n't think that way either . 
  actually , what rebellious_boa wrote was quite scary o_o but everything is possible , i guess ... 
  in my opinion the reaction of european nato members is showing very precisely how much are worth all these pacts . 
  let 's hope we wo n't need any real help soon ... 
  the amount of stupidity / propaganda in the comments to the article is another story . 
  that was a good read from both of you . 
  thanks !, 
  thanks . 
  thanks for clarifying . 
  i ask because i have noticed that all `` western media '' , who say they support ukraine , always use name kiev . 
  side note ... is it kyiv or kiev , though ? 
  mostly a lot mostly ... 
  personally , i would n't take the `` underdog '' thing here as an insult . 
  it 's true that everything changes very quickly in the world . 
  i would say you both ( cyberknight1972 and moustachejoe ) are right . 
  here , in poland i bought a piece of latest high-end technology `` made in china '' and a bath towel `` made in canada '' lately . 
  that 'd be jaw-dopping in early 90 's ... 
  heh ... not very gentle joke coming from a stranger , i guess . 
  good thing it all turned out well and it 's nice to hear you had fun . 
  congratulations on the euro , too ( although - no big surprise , eh ? ), 
  true . 
  but at the same time somehow they happen to have the best roads in the country ( well , the main ones , at least ) . 
  scientists are still arguing how is that even possible ( could be some slag-black-magic ) . 
  these probably were crypto-canadians ... did you enjoy the kicking , though ? 
  ** poland ** the negative stereotypes i know . 
  * warsaw : posers , wannabe gangstas and upbringingly challenged , who think they are superior to everybody else . 
  terribly stupid and annoying . 
  awful drivers - always speeding and not respecting others . 
  assholes making fun of other `` poor regions '' and those with `` strange dialects '' . 
  also - stupid . 
  * krakow : artsy in their own mind . 
  everything has to be posh and hipster-like . 
  angry for warsaw as the capital has been moved there many centuries ago . 
  they will always let you know they are better than you ( but in a more subtle way , than warsaw people ) . 
  also cheap and indirectly stupid . 
  terrible drivers ( old farts whole life learning to drive ) . 
  * poznan : they think highly of themselves . 
  a visit to local confectionary is a must every week , just after the holy mess - if you do n't get that , you 're surely some kind of barbarian . 
  they cherish their local dialect words and love to make fun of people who do n't understand them . 
  stupid in general , but also quite affluent . 
  * katowice / slask : half-germans who have strange language , look like they 're all made from the same fold and keep bitching about their independence from `` the lesser poles '' who plot to steal from their all the time ( especially warsaw ) . 
  rather stupid , but also strong , so watch out !, 
  * lodz : basically the place is just a hole in the ground , inhabited by some human-ogre hybrids . 
  very stupid - to be avoided at all costs !, 
  * bialystok : strange people with stranger , eastern accent , who drink a lot , are super-xenophobic , eat only herrings and most likely rape white bears . 
  stupid but tough . 
  * rzeszow / zamosc / the east : peasants and tons of wannabees who come to other provinces and try to show off with their `` hardly earned education '' , new cars or whatever . 
  strangely they think they are better than others , but in fact it 's their huge delusion . 
  extremely stupid . 
  * gdansk / seaside : bad mannered but as long as you do n't challenge their football clubs or other `` local patriotism thing '' they 'll probably mind their own business . 
  rather stupid , but they 've got sandy beaches . 
  i dare to differ ( with the last part ) :p, 
  how is that even possible ?!, 
  thumbs up !, 
  my respects .
