  guys . . !, 
  the [ most successful ] ( http://www.thewitcher.com/ ) polish game so far ... based on great books by andrzej sapkowski . 
  not all people think that way . 
  but many do ... 
  sorry to hear it was put against you . 
  in the end - good lesson for everyone is that if you ca n't take care of yourself , well ... shit . 
  you 're in trouble . 
  edit : grammar, 
  what shall we do with a drunken sailor , early in the morning ? 
  most amusing . 
  thanks for the link . 
  many poles are also in love with the netherlands . 
  because of beautiful women , great views , dandy architecture , easy-going life , bicycle infrastructure , good paintings , relaxed sex-culture and drugs regulations , and of course beer ... that 's what a brother of a cousin of friend of mine told his nephew . 
  also - most of these women know how to make pierogi !, 
  it 's a win-win !, 
  glad to hear that < thumbs up , 
  no , you stop first !, 
  ( i must have my moral victory here ), 
  i 'm afraid there are some reasons for the last thing you mention . 
  happened mostly in the 90s - gave us terrible opinion ( especially in germany ) . 
  but it 's not true if you look on the country as whole . 
  for example i never stole a car ... today . 
  or even last week !, 
  not true though . 
  you can read more [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/charge_at_krojanty ) or watch [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-f2jyll5kom ) ... 
  very true on the blue collars level . 
  happily - much better amongst well educated poles . 
  anyway , racism is and will be an issue at least for a generation or so , as poland used to be very homogenous for the last 60 years ... 
  oh yes - the billboards thing !, 
  it 's driving me mad ... we have so many nice architecture and landscapes polluted with these cheesy , tasteless , colorful boards !, 
  terrible x_x, 
  this is outrageous !, 
  how can you complain like that ?!, 
  always pay attention to details when being occupied !, 
  that 's a lot . 
  thanks . 
  i wish i had that many associations with romania in my head ... got ta improve !, 
  mostly , they 're not ... 
  but i hear you and i know what you mean , 
  strawberries or what ? 
  are you like ... more not allowed than the others . . ? 
  i remember a reproduction of this painting from my childhood . 
  it was always a mix of fascination and shame when passed by it , being 7 or 8 years old ... great painting anyways . 
  thanks for bringing back the memories :d, 
  look at my horse , my horse is amazing !, 
  wtf ? 
  yup , that 's definitely the thing . 
  most people will still refer in some way to the `` times of war '' . 
  might be a bit pain in the ass . 
  we also get really mad for being called `` anti-semites '' . 
  and in most of the cases we 've got good reason for that . 
  but that 's a looong story , 
  in poland there is a stereotype that there are many many poles who do n't really care and are terrible , lazy workers , alcoholics and boors . 
  then , suddenly when they come to a western country , they start to work and take care of themselves . 
  and it 's always said that communism is to blame . 
  do n't really know how much of that is true . 
  but for sure we 've had some serious `` brains drainage '' when many well-educated young poles left the country - especially just after joining the eu , back in 2004 . 
  from my experience - there are two general types of poles abroad . 
  stupid jerks who will get drunk and comment on other people loudly in really coarse way and then you have those nice , friendly , well-behaving people . 
  i never really meet any one `` in the middle '' . 
  always on an edge i guess ... o_o, 
  haha ... 
  this is great !, 
  no vatican , croatia and poland ?!, 
  i 'm switching to the resentful mode !, 
  :p anyway , people lie a lot o_o, 
  f1 , banks & vacation for the rich ... o_o, 
  o rly ?!, 
  o_o never heard of that ... 
  interesting ...  i 've always thought that someone did n't see difference between france and belgium . 
  ok , copy on that . 
  thanks . 
  also - fries !, 
  ( `` french fries '' ? ) . 
  i forgot about that - my bad ... 
  also - there might be another error somewhere around , 
  my deatr sir , i 'm guessing there might be an error in your link to the subreddit o_o, 
  i thought we have already all agreed upon this most basic rule ... , 
  eu parliament , chocolate and two different social groups ( nations ? ), 
  not always happy that they live in the same country ... 
  it 's also rather small and has interesting history ( but hey - who does n't ? ), 
  europe had no impact on the european culture !, 
  in poland only !, 
  only now !, 
  only here !, 
  exlusive special edition !!!, 
  catholic church 's no. 1 enemy is a catholic priest !, 
  ! 1 ! one -_-, 
  birthplace of the first real slavic country . 
  complicated history , mostly with poles to the west and russians to the east . 
  huge country but very divided . 
  nice people ( at least most of them ) . 
  i personally like ukrainians and feel some kind of bond with them but because of the history ... well , some of them feel otherwise  they have agriculture , heavy industry , mountains , sandy beaches , and lots of steppe . 
  big potential but unfortunately very corrupted authorities and police . 
  holding thumbs for their future ... 
  hehe ... of course you are right vityok . 
  i think lared actually meant that `` it seems to him like the mix '' . 
  hehe ... :d, 
  apart from what was already said here ... * good-looking , nice people . 
  * expensive but good living .
