  make 2 sunnyside up eggs , make coffee in french press , and toast some bread . 
  eat . 
  brush , put on real clothes , get to class 10 minutes . 
  friends always give me the `` is he ever going to not be 5 minutes late ? '', 
  look . 
  the biggest dispute on my day usually comes from should i snooze or not . 
  swedish ? 
  that 's a french press . 
  you boil water , ground your whole bean coffee for 10 seconds , and dump it all in there let soak for 5 minutes and press . 
  * i use a cheap electric grinder . 
  then get the coffee flow out . 
  i 'd recommend it 100 % . 
  it 's brews a higher quality , clean coffee and it 's cheap ( though not as cheap as folgers ) . 
  get a programmable coffee maker man , the coffee will start brewing before you wake up !, 
  [ \u00d8_\u00d8 ], 
  i 'll donate a case of keystone light . 
  wow , never knew that liquor , almost any beer , and wine had to be bought at these places then . 
  no , that 's norway , maybe denmark even . 
  volvo is shutting down production of v70 . 
  is that the word for meatballs ? 
  what 's that ? 
  i am praying for sweden day and night folks . 
  the problem with spain was excessive government spending and a huge welfare state . 
  volvo v70 nation . 
  what country ? 
  welcome to usa for past 20 years . 
  what 's so wrong about that ? 
  live and let live . 
  is n't there some warlord who was called petrovic as well ? 
  maybe it was just his last name . 
  that 's like the name of half the polish people i know haha . 
  you think vladimir the impaler would just forget about switzerland ? 
  and if india gets drawn into wwiii with pakistan and china teaming up on it ? 
  i would think u.s. reinforcements would be occupied in europe . 
  it would be up to japan , india , and australia ( who really does n't have much ) . 
  same . 
  sounds like texas . 
  ukraine is only slightly wealthier than india . 
  think about that . 
  eating x wo n't kill you or give you lead poisoning , salmonella , parasites , etc. 
  there should be no regulation for sugar or calories , etc. 
  no healthy food based regulations . 
  for medicine . 
  it ca n't be fake and it has to work as advertised . 
  bahahah , they bitch about everything you guys and poland do . 
  no , cities role . 
  no fbi , no cia , no nsa . 
  defence , environmental protection , infrastructure , scientific research , healthcare for the poorest people , anti trust regulation , minimum food/medicine/other consumer product protections and regulations . 
  i think we can disagree . 
  almost all of us don want the state to go away . 
  the crazy guys who want the state to be gone are the ancaps . 
  it 's the decay of the u.s. and every american can feel it . 
  it comes down to , our institutions were once unpolitical . 
  nowadays it is increasingly political . 
  i joke a police officer may ask you if you are a democrat or republican before they save you haha . 
  either way , i 'm fucked i 'm a classical liberal . 
  i 've heard politically , austria as a whole is a very right leaning nation ? 
  hahaha, 
  just bringing this to everyone 's attention who frequents this sub . 
  u/luzkiescierwo is a frequent poster at r/altright and in one of his most recent posts , cheered at the dead people at the mosque in quebec . 
  i 'm hoping we can slowly shun this guy . 
  just bringing this to everyone 's attention who frequents this sub . 
  u/luzkiescierwo is a frequent poster at r/altright and in one of his most recent posts , cheered at the dead people at the mosque in quebec . 
  i 'm hoping we can slowly shun this guy . 
  just bringing this to everyone 's attention who frequents this sub . 
  u/luzkiescierwo is a frequent poster at r/altright and in one of his most recent posts , cheered at the dead people at the mosque in quebec . 
  i 'm hoping we can slowly shun this guy . 
  italy is a cautious tale of the dangers of social democracy ; as are spain , portugaul , greece , belgium , france . 
  you ever been on a rez ? 
  they get free welfare payments from the federal government and what do they spend it on ? 
  beer , beer , beer , beer . 
  every rez i 've been on is littered with trashy abandoned cars etc. 
  this is n't the whole story though , some tribes are very industrious - many of them have tons of leased oil , gas , and mining activities on their land , they are millionaires . 
  my friend actually works with a native tribe which actually pooled their own money and made their own oil company they are very proud of it , 100 % staffed by native engineers , geologists , and laborers . 
  great people too . 
  sadly , success is more of a minority . 
  tichliavotski from russia . 
  the wonders of what a nation can do when not running on the social democracy model . 
  very slovenian . 
  ahh , long early morning , quiet drives on a cold , dark morning and a cup of coffee in my hand , the heater turned up . 
  i 'm probably the only one who likes those days haha . 
  i 've heard some people in india not use the word british , but use the word `` britisher '' to describe a person from the uk . 
  i know switzerland was a favorite place of bollywood in years past . 
  almost exactly like the us, 
  waiting for the germans to show up ... too many bikes and bus and walking here , 
  why are so many people in poland in love with fascism ? 
  you sure know a lot about the u.s. for a russian ... komissar , 
  why am i not surprised an eastern european has the downs comment lol . 
  wow , atleast for aerospace engineers , it 's almost 3x of that pay in the u.s. . . 
  ca n't hear you from the heliosheath . 
  there is in the u.s. . . sadly , the eu nations are technologically weak nations . 
  we left you in the dust since the 1950 's . 
  coincidentally a huge proportion of texans ( the white ones atleast ) trace their lineage to bavarian germany . 
  very poor actually . 
  he is the opposite of a keynesian like krugman . 
  romania tends to be very conservative as well right , atleast under the previous government ? 
  fascinating . 
  time to move . 
  any economic metric on the place ? 
  it is very new though i guess .
