as an american , it felt the same . 
  well , why do n't you move to the u.s. ? 
  we are n't a closed society like europe . 
  not really , we just ducked around . 
  yes , good tasting food and most importantly , good for the brain !, 
  i think maybe people in germany want stability , seeing their recent history . 
  not sure . 
  i know wwii had a big effect on the german psyche . 
  they serve burger king , 
  ahh , so you 're saying we are set to see a new , more leftist chancellor in a few years ? 
  you have my gratitude . 
  what do you mean ? 
  that 's not the type of blatant corruption i 'm talking about . 
  a social democracy like germany works , but the systems in place regarding labor banking and tax laws are just extreme in other areas, 
  causes huge economic distortions . 
  see spain , france , italy , and greece . 
  spoken like every c - average student . 
  hey , not everyone can be like the us , germany or japan eh ? 
  not everyone is destined to push the boundaries of human civilization . 
  social democracy . 
  europe is not an open society , we need to keep that in mind when we converse with these people . 
  holy f. . . 
  i ca n't imagine school i 'm the u.s. without 45-60 minutes of lunch . 
  i remember i used to go to a private school in 1rest grade and my parents dropped me out because it only had 15 minute lunch lol . 
  ahh ok , based on what i read , siberia functions in a bubble from the rest of the country . 
  but , books do n't teach nearly close to everything !, 
  i had a czech co-worker who used to work in russia , he said that the way the czech language works , you can tell if russian speakers are making fun of you / talking shit so one day , he just interrupted them in the middle of talking shit to them and they made a very sorry face ( he was their boss ) . 
  i 've never had the pleasure of meeting a turk . 
  though i remember i was playing league of legends gane and a syrian guy joined , he did well , so i friended him after , his name was syria1995 and soon after the revolution started , he never logged in ... it 's sad thinking about it sometimes , he 's probably dead . 
  americans talk too much about politics . 
  ahh ok , yea , they are translated in english , works of confucius and the ramayana . 
  we learn ancient asian texts in the us . 
  are n't indians in upper middle class professions though ???? 
  they are seen as the jews of the 21rst century atleast in the u.s. 
  ukraine is almost as poor as india , so it 's understandable they 'd leave for anywhere . 
  the kowalski 's , gronkowski 's , and wilkowski 's ... polish americans probably lol , very different from actual poles !, 
  but i love pickled herring and crackers . 
  seems like europeans do n't learn much about asia . 
  those texts are older than most mentioned here . 
  i 'll need to ask my turkish friend , who is a kemalist ( pro nato/eu ) and has been getting angrier and angrier over the past few months . 
  reugenday fkanvkonic finland white tigers soccer team . 
  our national best ranked team . 
  can you guys please tell this to our liberals ? 
  lol , europe is not as cultured as the usa . 
  probably the big cities and that 's it in europe . 
  thank you , never knew this !, 
  i assumed until you got to germany , it was all slavic . 
  as a kid , after dinner , my mom would always have grapes and my brother and i would walk to our couch , lie down , and eat them like [ this ] ( http://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/greek-goddess-eating-grapes-20939739.jpg ) and say `` look , we are greek ! '', 
  as well as speak is some pseudo latin gibberish haha sorry haha , but that 's my only connection to greece , 
  what are estonians then ? 
  i always thought baltics were slavics . 
  teenagers can have alcohol in the uk ? 
  the fuck ? 
  in the u.s. , the most we could get as teens was nyquil severe cold medicine lol . 
  downton abbey, 
  the british killed millions in india and possible put that country back 50-100 years . 
  teil from germany, 
  what 's goin ' on ? 
  is erdogan on his way out yet / s, 
  but you 've heard of truman , 
  american here . 
  i 'd say bratwurst , we love big thick german bratwurst here in the usa . 
  til , i had no idea conspiracy theorist and `` alternative news '' was so popular outside if the u.s. & canadia . 
  we are your boss . 
  we are # 1 , by the way , we got a lot of $ $ $ $ and were very `` happy '', 
  title belongs to chancellor of the galactic empire , merkel now , sadly . 
  very disappointed , was hoping a fine german witbier :(, 
  it is because of that . 
  colorado here , our tap water tastes `` metallic '' . 
  do n't know about elsewhere , but in the u.s. it 's a very popular thing to buy a water filter . 
  my parents just spent a few g 's to get a reverse osmosis system installed in their house . 
  i 've never had them , but when i visit sweden this summer i will definitely try them !, 
  my favorite snack , a swedish friend introduced me to it on a camping trip , 
  i thought swedish food was just pickled herring and crackers , 
  wow , that looks really good . 
  i 've been wanting to make some french food for a while now , but a lot of it was daunting , ingredient and preparation wise . 
  this looks like it may be easy enough for me to start with !, 
  interesting , you guys use lentils ? 
  i thought lentils where only a feature of indian cuisine before . 
  sugar , spice , everything nice , and chemical x. 
  for american/indian/thai : salted butter , peanut oil , olive oil extra light and virgin . 
  apple 's and oranges . 
  occasionally pineapple and coconut . 
  will always have coconut cream for coconut rice , it 's the only rice i can eat  . 
  pasta : linguine and fettuccini . 
  pasta sauce from the store , either cheese sauce , alfredo , or mushroom . 
  will have multigrain whole wheat bread . 
  large tortillas for lunch ( burritos ) , either cheese habanero tortillas , while wheat , or tomato . 
  thai jasmine rice , red kidney beans ( for razhma ( indian soup ) ) , and assorted lentils ( for masoor daal or ma ki daal ) . 
  i will always have beef : top round ( for london broil ) , chuck roast ( for pot roast ) . 
  chicken drumsticks for chicken curry . 
  ground turkey for burrito meat . 
  ground beef for pasta . 
  i have mushrooms , peppers , tomatoes , lemons , shallots , onions , carrots , broccoli , and squash . 
  i have all the normal western and indian spices . 
  too many to list  sometimes i will have wine for cooking . 
  what , no way . 
  is this better than a french press ? 
  wake up . 
  snooze for 20 minutes .
