  he did , he really did . 
  do n't look at the manifesto look at how much he screwed over the country that lead up to the crisis in 2008 , the id cards , cash for peerages ... the list goes on and on, 
  that would suggest that your legislative has a poor understanding of its limits . 
  change may well be valid and the constitutional court may be wrong , but i am guessing germany has an established way of ensuring change is done correctly and not solely at the whim of the politicians . 
  pun , quite a popular one at that , 
  bliar already fucked over one country i 'm glad he did n't get in to eu politics . 
  ^ ww3 - he started it !, 
  i 'm not suggesting the judges are demigods or even human , the point is that there are laws which should be upheld even if it is `` inconvenient '' . 
  there is a due process for changing the law which should be followed , and the same is true for the constitution . 
  the minute you start bypassing that process you start to lose democratic legitimacy . 
  take the ecb it refused to directly buy bonds of struggling nations , i think italy was the case in point . 
  but what happened ? 
  it printed money to lend to banks on the tacit understanding that they buy italian bonds . 
  too much in the eu goes on behind closed doors . 
  well it could , but that would mean accepting that the eurozone is bankrupt which would not be a pretty thing politically , especially for germany . 
  ca n't say i blame them . 
   it would be a shame if 8 judges would overturn a legitimate majority of our parliament . 
  not really , is it valid if a legitimate majority want to do anything ? 
  another interesting case in germany is that of circumcision . 
  the judges said one thing the politicians another . 
  i respect the german judges for standing up to a barbaric procedure . 
  in which case i can only assume you are blind to the evidence before . 
  not even [ this ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christian_voice_%28uk%29 ), 
  some of us have lives !, 
  well here 's some articles which are uk specific [ 1 ] ( http://secular-europe-campaign.org/2011/08/extremist-christians-ramp-up-their-bid-for-power-and-influence/ ) [ 2 ] ( http://leavingfundamentalism.wordpress.com/2012/04/23/uk-fundamentalists/ ) they are not perhaps as detailed as the source cited for muslims but i do n't think they tend to get asked the same questions . 
  we do however , have a small but increasing number of christian nutjobs . 
  there have been many positives about the eu and i say that as a eurosceptic . 
  however , did we need the eu bureaucratic engine we have to realise these benefits ? 
  i would argue not . 
  the `` ideals '' of the eu thusfar has been highly selfish e.g. 
  cap and the moving parliament facilitated by a benign economy . 
  we are now seeing the eu under crisis and if i 'm honest it 's not exactly covering itself in glory . 
  morally merkel is on the highest ground possible but crude reality is dragging her ( and germany and others ) down to the lowest common denominator which highlights the problems we have . 
  several countries `` gold plate '' eu legislation and enforce the rules , other are more lax and leave things open for interpretation . 
  too often this is also handled with `` national sensitivity '' in mind ( e.g. 
  danone being a strategic company ) . 
  i 'd love to be more pro-european as i do think the us is going in the wrong direction but the current implementation of the eu is frankly terrible . 
   few friendly games of a `` european '' football team that would kick off ww3 - who 'd be the coash ? 
  what if country x didnt get its favourite player in ? 
  it 's be carnage !, 
  try being more europhilic , blindly so and you wont get downvoted . 
  this place really is a circlejerk . 
  not sure who dr. phil is , but i 'm guessing you mean it is a wooly statement . 
  on the face of it there is an element of triteness , but delve slightly deeper and it is indeed obvious that for change to happen it must be desired , you can not force people to change . 
  you can encourage , cajole and threaten , but if they dont want to change then frankly they wont . 
  take portugal , you said you hoped the eu would be a means by which the country could move away from its short-comings . 
  in some ways the eu does give you that - it provided money , a legal framework and other tools but the politicians who used those tools did so in a way in which they are familiar ; the portuguese way . 
  did those politicians have a desire for change ? 
  i 'd say not . 
  this is not a damning view of portugal as a quick glance at the french suggests that they are equally selective in the use of eu law ( danone is after all a `` strategic company '' ) . 
  without a desire to change there will be no change . 
  so , no , i reject pantaloons `` observation '' . 
  not really . 
   were legitimate aspirations that europe would save us from our own shortcomings like anything in which one seeks to improve oneself , be it a country or a person change must come from within . 
  short of sending british police and german engineers etc the only thing that could and can change portugal ( or any other nation ) is portugal itself . 
  corruption , crony-capitalism and a lousy justice system can only be improved by changing to a system that punishes those things . 
  it may be a poor comparison but the uk [ parliamentary expenses scandal ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_parliamentary_expenses_scandal ) shed light on problems and while i am under no illusion that the problem has gone away several people have been punished . 
  on the scale of things the amounts they spent was tiny and they were a lot less blatant when compared to corruption in other countries which begs the question why do n't other people do more ? 
  ( this is not to suggest that portugal is more corrupt that the uk , only highlighting a point ), 
  the one thing the article is correct about is the need for a european ideal . 
  it 'd gather a lot of attention and make europe more relevant to peoples lives if parties/presidents were able to set out a vision . 
  for far too long the eu has been a talking shop of failed accountants and a sinecure for politicians . 
  it 's easy to have solidarity when everyone is spending money and not dealing with the problems that lie beneath the surface . 
  i doubt there ever was any genuine solidarity , some relationships are easier with money lubricating the debate . 
  `` please give us money cheaper because we cant afford to spend otherwise '' - and we critisize banks for poor risk management . 
  most of the sources i can find only relate to americans , but i shall endeavour to find data that in some form at least , justifies what i 've said . 
  try the same with christians , the results will be just as much `` wtf '' . 
  there 's been a lot of outcry over the years for things which have been perceived to be anti-christian . 
  but that 's fine because they 're `` our '' nutjobs . 
   this is what happens when we stop killing each other for a few decades . 
  also eurovision , i 'm not sure if you 've got a good point or not , 
  uhm , 100 % is not `` stable '' and bear in mind this was during an economic boom . 
  you dont need to a nobel winning economist to understand that this is not a brilliant situation . 
  check out the [ stability and growth pact criteria ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stability_and_growth_pact ) . 
  even stripping out the recent breeches due to the economic malaise many eu countries do not cover themselves in glory . 
  ireland and spain were indeed virtuous and doing very well . 
  i have no idea why they bailed the banks out in the way they did . 
  both countries problems differ from greece and italy , however spain in particular could have done a lot to reform its economy . 
   the idea that offering countries a cap on borrowing costs would encourage them to repeat the current experience is , to put it mildly , implausible . 
  really ? 
  what happened over the last 15 years then ? 
   governments really do dislike having 25 per cent unemployment rates ( as in spain today ) . 
  unemployment in spain was rarely below 10 % even during the height of the boom . 
  governments , or rather politicians much prefer to buy voters than to deal with actual problems . 
   i 'm no economist , but i still think you should pay your bills when you have money - and should invest when the economy is falling . 
  yes , the keynes school of thought is valid and has been shown to work . 
  however , you 're missing ( and so is greece ) one important thing , when times are good put money aside for a rainy day . 
  you can only spend your way out of a recession if you have sufficient resources available to do so . 
  simply going cap in hand to another country ( or collective ) and asking for more resources when you have demonstratably acted poorly is a damned good example of the [ free-rider problem ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/free_rider_problem ) . 
  were it not for the desire to maintain the eu and by some extension the moral desire to do the `` right thing '' i 'm sure germany et al would have told greece where to stick it some time ago . 
  it 's been tried for what ? 
  2 years ? 
  japan has had a stagnant decade . 
  the thinking that there is a quick solution to all this is naive in the extreme . 
  fwiw i think iceland had the right idea . 
   is being proven to be ~ ~ a wrong ~ ~ an unpopular policy alone ftfy . 
  wether it is wrong or not only time would tell . 
  who said they should have their bonuses paid ? 
   these are peanuts compared to 100 , 200 , 700 , 1000 billion bank bailout programs agreed , they should not have been bailed out .
