  biased much ? 
  agreed , and as i said in the original point there will be some symbolic tweaks so hollande can claim some meaningless victory but germany will be doling on cash out on its terms and not that of spendthrift governments . 
   germany also should n't be able to force countries to destroy their economy just because they have more money . 
  did germany force governments to borrow ? 
  did germany force governments to run deficits during a boom period ? 
  stop externalising blame . 
   that is n't fair either . 
  have you heard about what is going on in africa ? 
   germany always has been very strict on inflation targetting because of their heritance from the weimar republic inflation trauma . 
  almost . 
  yes the weimar republic has an influence but i 'm sure decades of watching club med play beggar thy neighbour with currency devaluations also had some sway in thier thinking . 
  low inflation is generally considered to be a positive thing . 
   you 've now completely ignored the whole keynesian economic theory . 
  one thing you 've miss regarding keynes is that he suggests saving during good times . 
  it is clearly demonstratable that did n't happen , so i 'm not sure how further spending would help now . 
   spain 's unemployement rate is now almost 25 % !, 
  terrible indeed . 
  are you aware that during the height of the boom spanish unemployment rarely dipped below 9 % ? 
  in the south of spain it was nearer 15 % with large seasonal fluctuations . 
  it may well be too severe to be a calculated step but it may well happen unless the greek politicians sort themsevles out . 
  sometime in june iirc . 
  whilst i have sympthay for the greek ( and other nations ) people who are suffering on a personal level it has been the actions of their politicians and society as a whole that has led them down this path . 
  those who form the political elite and the `` intellectual '' classes should be out on the streets explaining how they allowed such poorly thought out treaties to be allowed in the first place ( see maastricht ) . 
  there is a line now , it is whereever germany wants it to be . 
  i [ responded to that one ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/thkyp/francois_hollande_has_threatened_to_block_the/c4mrng7 ) :-), 
  it could yes , it might not be pretty though . 
  greece is facing that prospect very soon unless it gets a government sorted out . 
   but backed up by other european countries ( a european fund ) or the eu as a whole ( fiscal union , or less radical , eurobonds ) . 
  when the economy is back on tracks , the austerity and the paying back of the debts can start . 
  first off , it is very easy to spend other peoples money . 
  if they had not squandered the opportunities of the past decade and saved they would simply not be faced with these problems now . 
  the sun was shining countries were making hay left , right and centre . 
  how many of those politicians kept sensible budgets and constrained spending ? 
  ( yes , spain did to some extent and they are the victim of a different problem , but take italy and greece ) austerity - or not spending money you do n't have - is something which should be embraced . 
  do you give someone who is in debt more money to help clear the debt ? 
  secondly , what more spending can realisitically happen in greece ? 
  they 've already spent billions on projects which have been funded by the eu . 
  have you seen athens airport ? 
  the un-used olympic sites ? 
  who is going to be in control of the money ? 
  how is it not going to be squandered maintaining social welfare which will only delay the problem for 6 or 12 months ? 
  sure , some spending would help but it is not a silver bullet . 
  simply put people are too damned selfish . 
  i know germany ( and other lenders ) will get paid back ( ?!, 
  ) , by writing cheques i meant providing the cash in the first place . 
  it is a brave assumption that spending more will make the eurozone any better . 
  during good times club med economies did not spend wisely despite persistent prodding . 
  why should they do anything different now ? 
  that we still have the cap is an absolute disgrace . 
  they do n't rule it , they pay for it though . 
  you ca n't force germany to write cheques it does n't want . 
  greece was genius for cooking the books . 
  they had agreat decade !, 
  wages lag inflation . 
  and this attitude is what pertrifies the german elite - and quite probably many other people too . 
  inflation is not a miracle cure it comes with a lot of cost . 
  that little old lady that saved for her retirement will in all likelihood see a lot of her savings evaporate . 
  inflation also tends to bring higher interest rates as other lenders do not wish to see their money devalued . 
  assuming this is not done and debt is truly inflated away this is akin to a default . 
  good luck going to lenders afterwards . 
  there is some scope for increased inflation , say change < 2 % to be 2 < x < 4 % but to suggest more would invite economic calamity . 
   the added benefit of doing it this way is that if your wage goes down due to inflation your home loan follows it . 
  also , most other indicators , including wages lag inflation . 
  if inflation is at 20 % and your wages increase only by 5 % then you 've effectively lost of a lot of income . 
  now it does not necessarily follow that your home loan will do the same also . 
  if you 're on a fixed rate then yes you 're fine , but if you 're on a variable rate your mortgage costs will rise as interest rates rise . 
  i could go on at length about how inflation is not the way to do it . 
  basically put , your suggestions are insane . 
  and if germany calls his bluff ? 
  i 'm sure germany will make some tweaks but they will be symbolic rather than actual . 
  given how much debt needs to be financed this could be quite a worry for the eu . 
  it 's hard to see how a coalition government could be formed without nd ( or nd splitting up a bit ) . 
  good luck greece , it looks like you need it :\\, 
  i side with the germans on this primarily beacuse history would suggest they are right to be cautious . 
  over the past two decades where we have had significant investment in club med countries ( and others to be sure ) largely funded through transfers from richer countries to poorer countries . 
  this has not been coupled with equal reform of labour/tax/economic policies to adapt to being part of a strong currency bloc . 
  france in particular has been resistant to change and reform ( e.g. 
  cap ) combined with both germany and france breaking the original maastricht treaty budgetary rules is it any wonder that the likes of greece went on their merry way ? 
  so , fast forward a bit to today and germany are being asked to commit to something knowing full well that the actual implementation of any reforms may well get watered down and again they are left carrying the can . 
  i think the jury is still out with regards to both countries since hollande has yet to fully engage in his role and as such has yet to be tempered by merkel . 
  as for greece , well the lack of goverment is a worry for most people and unfortunately for them they are small enough to be kicked out and handed over to the imf/world bank should they break the fiscal joke . . er compact . 
  like it or not but the ones writing the cheques have the power right now and this for the large part means germany . 
   thank god for democracy - it 's not dead yet . 
  it certainly feels like it has been taken off life support and shipped to switzerland for euthenasia . 
   the actual policies to save the eurozone , and with it the european project , will still be shaped by a handful of national leaders over dinner . 
  and we have yet another example of exactly what is wrong in the eu . 
  i do n't think germany are bluffing , and more to the point i hope they are not because if everyone believes germany will bail them out then we 'll very quickly have a bankrupt eu . 
  ... but everyone knows how the eu squanders money . 
  it 's reported every 6 months as they make their pilgramage . 
  . . and spend eur500m in the process . 
   european union works great just as it is now really ? 
  no , jersey is the uk 's jersey . 
  unless you try a bit harder with this `` discussion '' then i 'll stoop to your level . 
  going back to my original point kindly provide some reason why you think that the behaviour of the police was wrong and/or why my belief of such makes me a fascist . 
  hardly , but your amazingly well reasoned and thought out response  you ca n't believe how fascist you are but you are . 
  just floored me , i mean ... wow !, 
  have you considered joining a debating team ? 
  the full version of the video that was posted on another subreddit a while ago shows that yes the police bordered on the heavy handed but the kids were behaving like morons . 
  they had ample opportunity to avoid be sprayed , the cops made it quite clear and gave plenty of warning . 
  that they then got sprayed , well what do they expect ?
