  try anglosphere , 
  they did nothing of the sort . 
  the enabled germany to fund the debt of the euro through the back door and obfuscated in the usual eu way . 
  we are in yet another fudge because the politicians do n't have the balls to actually fix the problem . 
  it 's much easier to dance around and act statesman-like while doing sweet fa . 
  in a few years we could well face an ecb crisis of some sorts , or maybe the bonds they are buying will simply be written off in some quiet manner while the rest of the population is concerned about some other shallow news story . 
  the eu banking system is still very broken but rather than do the fitted and tested thing of write off debt and recapitalise them we 're muddling through . 
  look at america they did many of the right things and their economy despite its issues is growing again . 
  it 's hard to fault individuals within the ecb since the founding mandate of the ecb is a fudge much like everything else in the eu . 
  we use smoke and mirrors to the extent that the chinese government seems like a model of transparency . 
  in short they 're useless . 
  the longer version ? 
  they 're completely useless . 
  it 's not entirely their fault , part of it is due to the way the ecb was formed and it 's mandate . 
  the imf has offered several sensible suggestions which have been rejected by the ecb and others . 
  as for a personal attack on lagarde , not exactly a brilliant argument is it ? 
  because the ecb and everyone else is doing such a wonderful job ? 
  i wish both sides would give it up . 
  what 's heidi done now ? 
  the ecb is offering unlimited purchasing of bonds for governments/institutions that are `` solvent '' . 
  how is that not printing money ? 
  [ ecb bond buy back ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-19499950 ) printing money in all but name . 
   the thing about individual rights is they 're rooted in rationality . 
  i 'm sure there are other rational positions too . 
  rationality is not bounded to a single outcome . 
   i 'm not going to walk my way all through social contract theory step by step to explain that point of view . 
  that 's fine i 'm well aware of what it is . 
   essentially , it 's common sense that people are all born equal and it 's the natural state of things that you 're free to speak your mind and what not . 
  firstly , common sense is not all that common and is a bad basis for any debate . 
  secondly , `` natural '' state of things is a depressingly naive viewpoint ...  utilitarianism does not aim for happiness of the majority . 
  wikipedia would disagree . 
  what do you define it as ? 
  `` utilitarianism is a theory in normative ethics holding that the proper course of action is the one that maximizes utility , usually defined as maximizing happiness and reducing suffering ''  utilitarian theory was never intended to justify the cruel treatment of a few for the happines of many . 
  maybe you interpret it that way and maybe you do think democracy is wrong , no and no . 
   think of a sort of communist political system that 's constitutionally bound to respect individual rights ( except property of course ) . 
  if you allow exceptions for one sort of government why not others ? 
   think of a sort of communist political system that 's constitutionally bound to respect individual rights ( except property of course ) . 
  i agree , 
   because they offer the possibility to detect every other mistake and bring them to attention . 
  is this the * only * way to handle this ? 
  i 'd suggest no . 
   i can kill and murder people in the name of chili con carne . 
  that does n't make chili con carne a flawed dish . 
  and  it does n't apply equally if you plead to relativize democratic ideals ( which obviously include individual rights ) . 
  so , it 's ok to kill to bring people democracy ? 
  you 're being very selective here . 
  it 's ok for the goose but not the gander . 
   and a lot of people are questioning snowden 's treatment based on the notion of individual rights , even when their governments are neglecting it . 
  it proves the importance of that notion . 
  sure , yet give it 6 months and it 'll fade in to nothing just like wikileaks . 
  the western world is built around soundbites for the masses . 
  sure , a handful of hardened souls may fight it out for longer but the vast , overwhelming majority of people will have moved on . 
  it 's hardly a resounding endorsement of what you 're suggesting . 
   who defines what harmony and well-being is ? 
  no idea . 
   that 's the point . 
  in the west it 's civil society . 
  no , it 's the mainstream majority . 
   the idea that we should have the space to try out other forms of governments is based on the notion of freedom of choice and self-determination ... meh ... the west has a tradition of allowing democracy so long as people vote for the right party . 
  it 's bullshit to pretend we allow views to be held regardless of intent . 
  far left and far right views are attacked in the media and by the state , and we go so far as to ensure such parties rarely if ever have any direct contribution to the government regardless of the popularity of said parties . 
  ukip , a relatively modest party gets a lot of stick for their views many of which are as valid as any other parties ' . 
   by those metrics , how succesful is china and her subregions ? 
  no government form can avoid problems . 
  how resilient will these democracies prove to be ? 
  i ca n't remember where he placed china but it was doing better than many of the democracies mentioned . 
  so it 's not doing too bad relatively speaking . 
  as to their resilience we 've seen technocratic governments installed in several countries within the eu so i do n't think they are as resilient as you 'd hope for in some places . 
  and without the ecb printing money and the germans keeping alive it would have sunk . 
  do n't mistake being propped up by a ( semi - ) willing benefactor to be roaring success . 
  edit : typo, 
  i dont think there is anything that suggests othe rsystems can not accept that differing systems will exist . 
  indeed , he suggests that the west 's perpetual attempts to `` export '' democracy is a problem in itself . 
  we take as it as a dogma without question that `` rights '' such as freedom of speech and other things are the absolute be all and end all of society , indeed we often define `` advancement '' in these terms alone . 
  why ? 
  there are no absolutes in this , it is simply that we accept our beliefs as true in the same way the chinese might think their beliefs are true . 
  such fundemental views can and do lead to conflict . 
   how about we lift them out of poverty and kill just one dissident to set an example ? 
  i mean he 's against the system that helped fight poverty and who cares about a single person anyway , i say fuck that guy !, 
  no , still not convinced ? 
  i 'm not sure which angle you 're going for here , but bush and others have sought to impose democracy on other countries , e.g. 
  iraq and how many people were killed and continue to be killed in the name of freedom ? 
  equally , the same applies to china and other states that do punish political prisoners . 
  and if you think the same does n't happen here in the west well there 's this thing going on right now with a chap called snowdon . 
  ring any bells ? 
  it 's not just economic growth , indeed i dont think that economic growth in itseld justifies many things . 
  the whole point is societal harmony and well-being . 
  if you adopt a utilitarian viewpoint that whatever brings the most happiness to the majority is what you should do then mayhaps democracy is wrong . 
  i 'm not saying i agree with the above but asserting that our freedoms are some sort of divine right is clearly wrong and there should be space on this planet for us to try other forms of government . 
  as the guy in the video points out we have many failed and failing democracies . 
  fair enough , i did think it was an interesting talk though :-), 
  he was n't saying that china is without problems only that the west should be more accepting of different viewpoints . 
  he points out that greece , amongst others , have massive corruption and a lot of issues and are democratic countries . 
  his whole view point is that democracy in and of itself is not a silver bullet to right all wrongs . 
  i think that 's one of the points though , those `` freedoms '' are just that , concepts . 
  some societies may be better off without them to some extent , not saying i buy it but it is a valid viewpoint . 
  we all trade off security for freedom and a lot of other things . 
  is it such a bad thing to have many different systems ? 
  i love you too, 
  the free market is not short term by any stretch of the imagiantion , quite the contrary you want to ensure that transactions are repeatable and simple .
