  the advancements of our society were not made by beating metal repeatedly until it magically turned itself in to a boat . 
  our society advanced because we have been able to say to certain people `` you sit there and discover crap while the rest of us are beating metal and farming the food '' . 
  yes we need industry to make things but wealth does not stem from beating metal . 
  see the economic breakdown of an ipad . 
   debt just keeps rolling over as the [ y ] all trade ious with each other . 
  it never means anything beyond its symbolic value the arguments hereabouts are not trivial and to do it justice would require an essay i 'm not too prepared to write but in summary : debt is a `` promise to pay '' at some point in the future . 
  yes , fiat money is not backed by anything physical and is an abstract concept something which seems to upset a lot of people but the currency is basically a statement of faith in the country , its legal system and prospects . 
  add in issues like inflation , economic growth and purchasing power and the layman is quickly whisked away from what is a comfortable `` i can touch this '' thing to basically magic . 
  assuming that we accept ( i appreciate that you may not ) a fiat monetary system is an acceptable means of transferring the concept of value then the debt is as real as anything . 
  debt is rolled over only insofar as the owner of the debt has faith that the profit in generating revenue from that debt exceeds the profit to be gained in doing something else , or that it helps them meet an obligation . 
  take pension funds who are often holders of a lot of debt , they hold these bonds which are perceived as low risk in order to satisfy the future calls on their revenue streams . 
  this is the main reason there is a direct link between annuity rates and interest rates . 
  we need to stop thinking as everyone who holds financial assets as some uber-elite , directly or indirectly a lot of wealth is held by your average westerner . 
  the concept of government debt is a funny one , on the one hand we do want the state to provide some services as a common good but should we really be using debt to finance it ? 
  debt to fund investment is sensible and this should be paid off and not rolled over . 
  war is unfortunate but it has in the past been responsibly for a lot of debt . 
  bah ... i got distracted by work and lost my train of thought : s, 
  i can see you 're a bit bitter , but the shallow recession we have had so far is not comparable to the persistent contraction we 've seen in club med countries . 
  as much as i agree with your points 750 million euros is a drop in the ocean compared to what is spent on soem things . 
  it 's not that i dont think it should be collected but let 's be realisitc about what we can actually get and at what cost . 
  it should have done i agree . 
  that the banks were bailed out in the manner they were is disgraceful . 
  but that does not and should not excuse over spending by politicians and false promises . 
   national debt is taken out over extremely long periods 10 years is not `` extremely long '' very little debt is longer than this . 
  if the marginal cost of adding what is a small country is any where near 6.8 % then the bureaucrats are doing something very very wrong . 
   as a canadian , i would n't worry about racism or immigration tension too much . 
  wear canadian tshirts and remind people you are not american , 
  for some countries yes - italy would be a good example they really should get their debt down . 
  for other countries no - i think spain could be more creative in getting out of their malaise . 
  but pretty much all of the club med countries could do with liberalising their labour markets and over-hauling their policies . 
   i ca n't help noticing that you keep using that line through several discussions , but i could easily turn it around : it appears as if only germans demand the necessary level of austerity , while everyone else is ignoring the reality of overspending . 
  do n't get me wrong i mostly support what germany are suggesting , they certainly have a better grasp of macroeconomic development than the greek government . 
  however , spain can and should be dealt with differently since their problems are not the same as greece 's . 
  also , i tend to say german rather than `` european '' since it is quite clearly germany leading here . 
  that is not a negative thing , but it is clearly not a collective decision . 
  equally , saying it is a dutch approach while true overstates the influence of the dutch in ensuring that is gets carried out . 
   demand german support for stimulus , and , at the same time acknowledge that the economies of the periphery need to undergo fundamental changes . 
  i agree , but i 'd be tempted to argue that germany ( and others ) have done that through the massive transfers of cash to the peripheral countries over the last 15 years . 
  how many roads/airports etc in spain , greece et al bear the logo `` funded by the eu '' ? 
  quite a few if my travels are anything to go by . 
  this investment was made but the corrosponding restructure of economies was not done , or stalled - france was a significant player in this since they tend to protectionism . 
  now the good times have effectively gone and tough changes are having to be made under harsher conditions - this is inevitably leading to increased social strife and frustration . 
  all those comfortable cushions that were there are being or have been removed . 
  histoy shows that when such upheavals happen people look for a hate figure , to some extent this is germany for the greeks - one would hope that it would have been their own political class that led them to this mess but they have deftly externalised the blame . 
  you 're no doubt right and that more reasoned voices will be suggesting restructure of labour markets and implementing some sensible stimulus but they will be going against unions and others who have entrenched interest in the status quo . 
  the key problem is politics - the economic solution varies by country . 
  what works for spain may not work for greece , yet the germans appear insistent that austerity be the solution for all problems . 
  lowering interest rates may stoke inflation in germany which is something they are keen to avoid . 
  at the end of the day until a sensible and realistic framework is put in to place to handle countries , their debt and ability to service it problems will persist in one form or another . 
  the maastricht treaty was a very flawed framework that was dropped the minute a slight problem arose - during a boom no less . 
  people - both those who lend money to governments and those who live and work in the eu need to have some faith that the laws will be followed even if they are not politically convenient . 
   cutting inefficiencies means cutting defense budget wtf ? 
  defence budgets are not entirely inefficient , at least no more so than other budgets . 
   you will have to borrow , and if those who you wish to borrow from do nto think you have a credible plan then who are you borrowing from ? 
  there is not a magic lender in the sky where endless funds come from . 
   maybe the public backlash from just cutting budgets is probably lower than increasing national debt for a couple of years would be . 
  again , public backlash is not really your problem , if the people you are borrowing from do not believe you are credibly managing your economy they wont lend to you and they sure as hell wont invest . 
   another major problem the uk has is it 's trade balance , which could be countered if the government would offer more aid uk businesses . 
  the uk has had a negative trade balance for decades , in and of itself it is not a major problem . 
  unless the aid offered significantly improves the trade balance above and beyond the total cost of the aid then it is a waste . 
  easy ones i could think of harriet harmon , lynne featherstone or teresa may - yes they may not be to everyones taste but they are better than ashton . 
  it 's hardly great news but in the wider context of global growth and expectations it 's not the end of the world . 
  well as much as i 'd happily see the current eu implementation fail i do not like the use of ms ashton . 
  it 's too underhand , she 's an under qualified fool . 
  i 'd even suggest john prescott over her . 
  we have so many capable female politicians and i feel they would be better , or at least less inept than ms ashton . 
  even as a british eurosceptic i feel embarrassed about ms ashton , so uhm , yeah sorry :(, 
  you really do n't understand economics do you ? 
  the difference between the uk and , say greece or spain , is that we are able to devalue our currency to avoid direct action . 
  first of , thank you for taking the time to reply . 
   perhaps the europeans [ ... ] `` the europeans '' - er , i believe we 're in the eu and therefore each of us should have some say or other . 
  if you mean the elites however then we 'll come to them again in a bit . 
   [ ... ] decided they do n't really care what the markets think and will do whatever is needed to work out the problems of the eurozone -- which covers the part of `` can not continue to exist , at least in its present form '' . 
  deciding that the markets dont matter is a very big step primarily because you 're saying that the rules of the game are changing and nobody likes that kind of uncertainty . 
  had the leaders of the eu come up with and communicated alternatives to the populace then people could respond accordingly . 
  they have not done this . 
  they have muddled through with one poorly thought out plan after another . 
  this might be more understandably were not these flaws evident to pretty much anyone who bothers to read and understand what is going on . 
  the situation in greece was a time bomb waiting to happen , it was never a case of `` if greece goes bust '' it was a case of `` when greece goes bust '' but the leaders refused to acknowledge this and buried their heads in the sand . 
  equally german insistence on austerity is isnane and driven purely by german fears of inflation and nto on the circumstances of the countries in question . 
  spain being the obvious case . 
  so , i put it to you what alternative systems/forms are the eucrats putting forward that are really addressing the underlying problems ? 
   for whatever reason , the collective of our leaders believe it 's worth sticking together no matter what . 
  again why ? 
  what is the basis of this belief ? 
  many people believe in many crazy things that does not make those beliefs valid . 
   happened in their country the last time they went on a print-fest , have come to the conclusion that by doing this , a lot of inflation is created and it takes quite a while to start seeing the symptoms . 
  i doubt anyone is suggesting that the central banks go on a printing spree like the germans did in the 30s but it should not be a hard concept to grasp that a currency union can not survive with out a poltiical union . 
  history is littered with examples of failed currency unions . 
  the dollar survives for the us because there are fiscal transfers the like of which we are sort of seeing in europe . 
  if the euro is to survive we need to accept that this will be part and parcel of life and get on with it . 
  however , it is ** not ** the only solution , a nation handling its own economic policies can survive too . 
  there is so little realistic debate then is it any wonder that people within the eu feel that it is increasingly autocratic . 
   the uk , along with the us , were some of the countries which started printing money into their economies to counter the recession . 
  it is now entirely possible that the uk economy will start going through the very same sickness that the eurozone started going through a couple of years ago . 
  this is a slightly more sophisticated economc argument but in basic terms a country printing money to reflate and support banks will kick off economic growth since banks and institutions have money to invest . 
  this does happen magically overnight but any public company with too much money on its balance sheet generally ends up either investing it or handing it back to shareholders . 
  yes , it could go wrong and it may well do so . 
  but the levers of control are mostly within the power of those interested in maintaining stability . 
   if the uk is not in the eurozone and their economy is doomed to the same fate , why is this whole thing the euro 's fault ?
