  if it did not , it was because germany under chancellor helmut kohl still thought of itself as it had since its resurrection after the second world war : as a `` post-national '' society . 
  thomas mann articulated this attitude in a famous lecture in 1953 , arguing that germany 's young people must `` dispel the mistrust '' by coming out `` not for a german europe , but for a european germany '' . 
  in the 1980s hans-dietrich genscher , then foreign minister , argued that ( west ) germany had no national interest other than the eu 's . 
  what has changed recently is that this `` post-national mentality '' has gone , worries j\u00fcrgen habermas , a philosopher . 
  during the july summit , the country `` gambled away in one night all the political capital that a better germany had accumulated in half a century , '' he thinks . 
  many on the centre-left fear that germany is now `` post-post-nationalist '' . 
  joschka fischer , foreign minister from 1998-2005 , laments that `` from now on germany will primarily pursue its national interests , just like everybody else . '' many germans on the centre-right deny such a turn to realpolitik . 
  they think they are just insisting on following common eu rules , and find nothing nationalist about that . 
  indeed , it implies that germany and other countries should cede more sovereignty . 
  mr sch\u00e4uble , the german most vilified in greece , has argued since 1994 that some member states should form a federal `` core '' . 
  he now advocates giving the euro zone a common finance minister and budget . 
  but others in his camp , the christian democrats ( cdu ) , assert a more naked self-interest . 
  each time the party submits a greek bail-out to the bundestag , the number of defectors increases ; one in five voted against the july compromise . 
  bild , germany 's largest tabloid , stokes german resentment that foreigners are exploiting their past guilt to `` blackmail '' them . 
  germany is not imposing its will on europe . 
  if it were able to do so , greece would probably no longer be in the euro zone . 
  the question is just how happy europe ought to be about this . 
  germany is back in its old dilemma : too weak for hegemony , too large for balance . 
  no other country can think of imposing solutions , but europe will not allow germany to do so either . 
  that may mean that the eu 's biggest challenges -- from immigration to preventing a british exit and fixing the euro -- will continue to go unmet . 
  amid the drama of the past few months over a possible grexit , it has been easy to overlook that other parts of southern europe have been recovering -- just as greece itself would have done if politics had not got in the way . 
  the revival of spain 's economy is especially important because it is the fourth-biggest in the euro area and the one whose troubles seemed most likely to prompt a break-up of the single-currency club only three years ago . 
  for some , the spanish rebound is proof that structural reforms pay off . 
  yet so deep was the downturn that spain is still far from regaining all the ground it lost . 
  moreover , it is not clear how much the recovery has to do with spain 's vaunted policy shifts . 
  the spanish economy has been growing for two years , following the extended double-dip recession in 2008-13 ( see chart ) . 
  the recovery was initially lacklustre but it picked up in the spring of 2014 and has sparkled particularly this year , with growth of 0.9 % in the first quarter ( an annualised rate of 3.8 % ) and 1 % in the second quarter . 
  unemployment remains troublingly high , at 22.5 % in june , but has fallen sharply from its peak of 26.3 % in early 2013 . 
  the spanish economy has been benefiting from a general cyclical upturn in the euro area . 
  the sharp fall in energy prices caused by the collapse of the oil price has been acting like a tax cut ; the european central bank 's adoption of quantitative easing has been a further fillip . 
  yet spain has been doing considerably better than the single-currency bloc as a whole , which grew in the first quarter of 2015 by a more sedate 0.4 % . 
  indeed spain 's recent growth rate is among the highest in the euro area . 
  for the government , led by mariano rajoy , the recovery is a vindication of the reforms it has pursued since taking office in late 2011 . 
  much is made of a shake-up in 2012 of spain 's labour market , which tackled two dysfunctional features . 
  one was the divide between cosseted permanent workers and temporary employees who took the brunt of lay-offs during the downturn . 
  the other was collective pay-setting arrangements within industries between employers and trade unions that were imposed upon individual firms . 
  the reforms sought to make it less expensive for employers to dismiss permanent workers by reducing severance payments . 
  companies were also allowed to opt out of the sectoral agreements and to strike their own bargains with workers . 
  other reforms have sought to encourage enterprise . 
  in particular the government has made it easier to start a business , reducing the number of procedures involved from ten to six between 2013 and 2014 . 
  it is also striving to unify regulations across spain 's regions . 
  corporate-income tax has been lowered this year from 30 % to 28 % , and will fall to 25 % in 2016 . 
  encouragingly , spain has moved up the world bank 's `` ease of doing business '' rankings , from 52nd two years ago to 33rd in 2014 ( out of nearly 190 economies ) . 
  the verdict on the reforms and their impact is mixed , however . 
  rafael dom\u00e9nech , an economist at bbva , spain 's second-biggest bank , argues that they help to explain why spain has been doing better than other countries on the periphery such as italy . 
  he estimates that if the labour-market reforms had been in place during the crisis , unemployment would have peaked at 20 % rather than 26 % , sparing a third of the rise in the jobless rate . 
  but juan jos\u00e9 toribio of the iese business school in madrid counters that the source of the recovery has not been structural reforms but rather the adjustments forced upon businesses and workers in coping with the severe recession , in particular through lower wages . 
  he also attaches importance to the clean-up of the banks , which was facilitated by a european bail-out of spain 's struggling financial sector in the middle of 2012 . 
  it is in any case important to put the spanish recovery in perspective . 
  it follows a decline of 8 % in gdp between its peak in the spring of 2008 and its trough five years later . 
  the economy may now be growing fast , but it is still 4 % smaller than seven years ago , a bigger shortfall than that of the euro area as a whole , whose gdp is about 1 % below its peak . 
  despite the decline in unemployment , the jobless rate in spain is still the second-highest in europe , exceeded only by greece 's . 
  moreover , the recovery has become over-reliant on domestic demand , especially consumer spending . 
  although spanish exporters did well during the second dip of the recession in 2011-13 , mitigating the severity of the downturn , net trade has faded as a source of growth despite a strong performance in tourism . 
  spain 's poor public finances are another concern . 
  the budget deficit was a swollen 5.8 % of gdp in 2014 and is forecast by the european commission to be 4.5 % this year . 
  private and public debt are worryingly high in relation to gdp . 
  the biggest concern is that the recovery has done little to heal the wounds opened up in the years of crisis . 
  santiago fern\u00e1ndez valbuena of telef\u00f3nica , one of spain 's largest companies with a big presence in latin america , worries about the uneven pattern of the recovery , in which mainly younger temporary workers have had a far tougher time than permanent staff , despite those labour-market reforms . 
  greece 's fledgling recovery in 2014 did not prevent the election of syriza , which gave voice to the losers in the preceding depression . 
  spain 's recovery has lasted longer and its recession was not as severe as greece 's ( where the peak-to-trough fall in output was a huge 27 % ) , but with an election due to be held later this year , it too remains vulnerable to political upheaval . 
  you have to be kidding !, 
  the french are the worst for blocking and not implementing eu legislation . 
  i 'm sure you know as well as i do that within 6 months of crossrail launching it will be over capacity . 
  a lot of the problems around crowding and safety are in zone 1 in those deep lines . 
  victoria , northern and central often have stations temporarily closed to deal with over crowding and trains are often stuffed to bursting . 
  they 'll change the constitution . 
  or ignore it , they 've done similar things before like for the bailouts in 2008 . 
  i believe they were technically illegal but they got a friendly judge to say that they were n't really bail outs just incredibly long term loans given on favourable terms , basically were there is a will there is a way . 
  the problem with the tube is that it was one of the first , if not the first underground rail system that was built towards the end of the 19th century . 
  it is very hard to alter those initial designs in a cost effective way . 
  for example , installing 2 lines for each direction so there could be continuous maintenance just is n't possible on the old bits in zone 1 . 
  only bits of it, 
  are you telling me italians do n't live on pasta ?!? 
  you get 3 free articles a month or something . 
  clear your cache, 
  now i 'm wondering how many russiaan physicists in sheffield are spies . 
  there 's loads of them :d, 
  but , as the article quite rightly states , the german approach has been to bulldoze any national interests ( e.g. 
  greek ) in order to assure its own agenda is met . 
  even in a properly federalised usoe germany with the support of a handful of others could force countries into poor positions . 
  again france , italy and spain are the likely victims . 
  personally , i think france needs to wake up a bit and realise that the illusion of the franco-german engine is all but gone . 
  it 's much like when we brits cite our alleged influence over the us . 
  at least outside of the ez a country can openly determine what policies it wants to follow and as ever it is up to the people to get the government they want . 
  the greeks have been utterly shafted and as we all know the threat of a grexit has again only been delayed and is a sword of damocles over the country . 
  pretty shitty all around . 
   it has made the single currency as it stands politically indefensible in france ; really ? 
  i 've not heard that from the french media . 
   the negotiations leading to the greek agreement also destroyed the constructive ambiguity created by the maastricht treaty that ambiguity is not a positive thing , hell it is the basis for most of the eu 's problems . 
  if you are basing your economy and entire way of life on an ambiguous set of statements that might change on a whim depending on which way the wind is blowing then more fool you . 
  the eu and ez lay the foundations of their own ruin by refusing to do what should be done which is a democratic engagement of the populace towards a clear set of goals . 
  lisbon and maastricht are fudges that fuel the rise of the extreme right in europe . 
   it began largely because of france 's romantic and somewhat na\u00efve view of the monetary union hardly france alone , most of the southern countries took it as a way out of the high inflation low wage problems of the 70s and 80s . 
  does he get a medal for spotting the bleeding obvious ? 
  basically , everyone knew it was a flagship project that the government was committed to deliver so their rates doubled . 
  followed by every gp/doctor/medical person was listened to , ignored and then it was realised that maybe they had a point . 
  contractors who were supposed to work together were also competing against each other and then as things started to go wrong were fighting to assign blame . 
  the leadership teams understood it about as well as we understand life on the planet nomeagle iii in the orion galaxy . 
  the labour government thought the solution was to throw more money at it .
