  northern europe voted one way , southern europe another how would we move forward ? 
  one or two groups will emerge and in all likelihood dominate the other in much the same way that national politics is dominated by 2 or 3 major political camps . 
  i think as we 're seeing what happens when those groups get further apart in the us where republicans and democrats are moving further and further apart . 
   just because 52 % of my countrymen voted against the constitution , the will of the german , the spanish , the italian etc. 
  is discarded . 
  the will of the germans et al were never expressed , even before it began it was clear that the majority of the population across the eu was not happy with it or lisbon . 
  the political elites made their views clear that much is true . 
   more people being represented by more or less people does not determine the level of democracy ( 5000 mp in china - no way is that more democratic than the 790 in india ) . 
  what matters is that they are elected by the people . 
  uhm ... basic management tells us that the more we have to manage the less time we have to deal with someone/thing . 
  if each mp has 10,000 people to represent then ( s ) he will probably do a better job than if ( s ) he is representing 100,000 people by virtue of the fact that there will be closer ties between the mp and the people . 
  china is not a democracy , they have technocrats . 
  india is a democracy that elects people , i daresay if they cared the chinese could do a better job of representing their people if they had 5,000 mps compared to 790 . 
  yeah , me neither , but in this subreddit it seems overly petty . 
  * shrug *, 
   if this can be fixed it will lead to more a more democratic eu please tell me how . 
  i do wonder about people around [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/moajn/downvoting_different_opinions/ ) - your comment is perfectly sensible and does not require a downvote - so [ why people ] ( http://www.reddit.com/help/reddiquette ) ? 
  woah !, 
   250 000 people in malta could prevent the adoption of laws that 500 million people are in agreement with . 
  i seriously doubt you would ever get that kind of ratio . 
  but aside from your hyperbole let 's step back a second and look at something like the lisbon treaty and its forerunner the eu constitution , it is the governments that sign the treaty not the people . 
  were the irish blocking the will of the `` overwhelming majority '' ? 
  no , i dont think so , a significant proportion of the french and dutch disliked the eu constiution enough to scupper it . 
  other countries populations wanted referenda but were denied . 
  so if malta were to listen to its people and block a law were other governments were passing the law without due consideration of public opinion i would without doubt side with malta . 
  we are seeing the imposition of technocratic governments upon italy and greece and no doubt others , we need to be very clear what the parameters of these governments are and when they will step down . 
  what happens when italys election is next due and the eu says `` sorry you 're still up shit street we think you should keep the technocrats there '' ? 
   more power to the european parliament and other eu institutions means more power to the people of europe . 
  are you kidding ? 
  without googling can you honestly tell me the name of your local mep ? 
  i once wrote to my mep and got a response 3 months later , my local mp responded within 4 days . 
  now ok , there may well be mitigating circumstances but how can having one person represent more people be * more * democratic and give people * more * power ? 
  even in a thread talking about not downvoting different opinions someone saw fit to downvote halks comment ? 
  seriously people ? 
   they can warm more europeans up to the idea of surrendering national sovereignty to the eu how can you say this * not * anti-democratic ? 
  irelands mistake was to guarentee the banks . 
  the stability and growth pact is a part of the problem historically , mainly because when france and germany abandoned it and demostrated they had no political will to adhere to it the pact them became open season for every other government to abuse . 
  would greece have dared get itself in to such a position had the pact been enforced properly a decade ago ? 
  no , probably not . 
  sadly , the germans and french proved there is one rule for the big guys and another for the small ones . 
  coupled with the `` eurobond in all but name '' approach taking by investors such that pigs bonds only had a small spread over german bonds was a clear signal that the markets saw those bonds as having not a lot of risk . 
  something which the eu/ecb did nothing to dispell hence the pigs were able to borrow at silly low levels that would never have been offered was it not for the implicit backing of germany ( and france ) . 
  it really has been like a car-crash in slow motion over 10 years . 
  it also means that the ecb can use quantative easing and let inflation sort the problem out , something it ca n't really do at the moment . 
   but the eu is not the efta and was never intended to be . 
  that is as maybe , but that is how it was sold to the people at the time . 
  probably because the answer would have been a resounding no . 
   if the majority in the uk wants out , then so be it . 
  if we ever get the chance to vote we 'll let you know   if there is n't a party that supports this there is but single issue parties struggle . 
   the vast majority of the eu member states want tighter integration . 
  then go for it , it will put more pressure on the uk gov to either get out or have a vote on it . 
  [ read this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_free_trade_association#political_history ) this is what many in the uk of that generation understood the eu to be . 
  also [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_european_communities_membership_referendum,_1975 ) it says the uk referendum was on membership of the eec which was different from what the eu has become . 
  given the choice i do want to be in a free trade bloc involving europe . 
  to answer your second point - the only party which wants to have an referendum on the eu is ukip , i have voted for them in the euro elections but on a national scale they are not likely to win any kind of power to influence government . 
  the problem with the eu as a national political question is that , as with most things the majority are silent on the issue and there are generally more important national/local issues than the eu . 
  compound this by the main parties not wishing to have a referendum on membership and you have the current position we 're in . 
   that the eu is in some way faulty and needs reform . 
  it does , massively so . 
  yeah , i will call you a cynic . 
  look back over british history , particularly with the empire and all the ports were melting pots for all walks of life . 
  we 've had successive waves immigration which have been succesful to greater or lesser extent but by and large people are typically accepting of immigrants . 
  sure we have our hot-headed xenophobes who bang on about `` polish plumbers '' but they are in a minority . 
  scottish beggars ? 
  that 's a new one to me . 
  the eu was sold to the british public as a free trade area back in the 60s/70s . 
  we 've never had a say since . 
  i dont want to keep the uk in the eu but i am given no option . 
  personally , i 'd be happy just for a free-market trade bloc . 
   also , the attitude such as : yeah , curse those facts . 
   ireland does n't always follow this trend and is not always consistently closer to british values than all the other european countries ireland is a very special case , it came out worse in a lot of battles over the centuries and there is still a lot of anger and hatred towards the british in certain sections of society there , understandably so . 
   brits have no problem fully opening up their borders to irish people and did so many years ago the uk was one of the few countries to fully allow eastern europeans to come in when germany wanted to limit numbers . 
  we have our faults but i think we 've generally been an open , if not always welcoming , nation in that respect . 
   and this gets you where ? 
  it gets us out of the worst idea since the last one . 
  the key problem with the eu is that it is a political entity which is bent to try and suit everyone . 
  the eurozone was doomed from the minute it was formed , it was hardly a secret that greece had fiddled the numbers , nor italy , spain and portugal for that matter . 
  it was not a secret that those countries used `` creative accounting '' in order to qualify . 
  yet it went ahead because of the political choices that were made - primarily between france and germany . 
   and that 's why britains pro free market voice is needed so much in the eu . 
  i would n't say we are a lone voice but we are in an absolute minority with this opinion . 
  the main other free-market countries are smaller and northern . 
  france has and always will be protectionist , club med countries still have too many protected industries and too many vested interests in keeping things that way . 
  take a look at the train drivers / rail workers union in greece . 
  i admire their power but it disgusts me how they abuse it . 
  ashton was a joke , even by the standards of contempt with which many brits hold the eu ashton was a step too far . 
   catherine ashton i think we disowned her . 
  if not , we should . 
   hm , i was n't able to find a court case about that . 
  are you sure someone brought it before the ecj ? 
  there was no court case that 's the problem . 
  the list of `` protected '' companies was part of the some agreement , i forget which one , in which countries were allowed to make exclusions on security grounds . 
  around the time pepsi was sniffing around danone the french government slapped it on the `` protected '' list . 
  from a commercial perspective there is no way in hell pepsi are going to take on france in court , it would cost far too much . 
  more to the point , why are either of those companies protected ? 
  and why has n't the eu slapped sarkozy about the face ? 
  it should not need to be contested in court that kind of action should draw automatic action from the eu . 
  now i know this is more of france 's action than the eu 's , but the point is that the eu has remained silent probably for political reasons ; that is bad government . 
   even in germany courts and politicians have made clear that substantial changes will now require a referendum . 
  i should hope so and i am glad to hear germany is doing this , so long as the referenda allow the people to express their feelings i would be very happy .
