  absolutely , but those lessons are not and will not be learned and it reasons like this that make me a eurosceptic , it 's not because the eu is a bad idea in principle but that it is being piloted by political gadflies and idiots . 
   both countries ' voters have generally accepted stupid amounts of austerity , and still the economies are growing worse . 
  i wouldnt say they were stupid amounts of austerity , had they not been in the eurozone they 'd have defaulted or devalued - both are very painful although not always as evident in the short term . 
  the main problem for both countries is the distance they have to travel , both - like greece - have squandered the past 20 years and undertaken relatively little reform . 
  unfortunately this plays out poorly for those coming in to working age but each society must collectively bear responsibility for dodging the hard choices when times were easier . 
  germany , and others , may be making hay while the sun shines ( low exchange rate ) but they will have to deal with their own problems once this crisis is over and simply bailing out the med countries weakens their own prospects in the future . 
  as i 've said elsewhere the only sensible outcomes i can see for this is debt mutalisation or euro breakup but both are politically difficult to say the least . 
  limping along as we are now only exacerbates the issue . 
  the us acted quickly to solve its banking crisis and is mostly the stronger for it . 
   spain has a fundamentally functioning economy , despite a property bubble and badly overextend banks , so does italy . 
  portugal 's economy is n't big enough to cause a financial catastrophe on its own . 
  i agree spain is fundamentally viable , but italy is a gnats whisker away from epic catastrophe and has been for the last 10 years , which says something of its ability to walk a tightrope but it is not in a good state . 
  portugal is not that much smaller than greece and look what impact greece is having , itself is a tiny economy on the european scale . 
   the cuts and their impact suck . 
  but you 've got to ask yourself whether there 'd be sufficient motivation without them to undertake these fundamental rejiggerings of pensions , subsidies , bureaucratic rules , you name it . 
  the past 20 years would suggest , no the motivation was not there . 
  says the christian extremist . 
  is the sun hot ? 
  which country are you in ? 
  i thoughth the same the last time he got elected :\\ with his power , influence and money he seems to pull a lot of rabbits out of hats . 
  it is a possibility , yes, 
  italy will be asking for money eventually , especially if berlusconi gets back in ... 
   if we go with debt mutualisation then interest rates will raise for the triple a countries . 
  will they ever accept that ? 
  that is the price of the eurozone , i sympathise a lot with the germans whose standpoint would be even more solid had they not nuked the growth and stability pact rules about 10 years ago . 
  regardless , they or rather merkel needs to make the case for sorting the eurozone out . 
  as i said the problem is not necessarily the solution it is that we clearly lack a leader . 
  merkel was likened to thatcher in her early days by the english-speaking media but they are poles apart in that thatcher had a plan and was n't afraid of pushing it through . 
  merkel does n't appear to have the same instinct . 
   i believe we now now seeing a last effort to keep things as they are and have been . 
  will it work ? 
  probably not . 
  but we do have strange politicians in europe . 
  no it will not , greece will be lucky to last the year and even if they do it is clear the eurozone lacks the framework to survive `` as is '' . 
  i do n't think we have strange politicians , we have a clash of political cultures that is proving hard to reconcile . 
  coupled with the population increasingly feeling like they have been sold a lie the european project needs a serious re-think . 
  if you want the eurozone to survive then debt mutalisation is the only sensible suggestion i have seen so far . 
  if you do n't want the eurozone to live then find a leader with the political balls to bring a plan together for an orderly break-up . 
  either way the eurozone needs a leader ( s ) with a plan , and the moment we have a lot of principled germans , a flameable med and panicked markets this is not a good situation . 
  you do n't work for the german ministry of defence do you ? 
   protecting the workers , so we do n't get back to 1850 labour practices try engaging with reality , the west is so far from those practices that if you brought some in from the 1850s i 'm sure they 'd be wondering what the hell you were bitching at . 
   i need cheap food , housing and telecommunications . 
  sorry , i did n't realise the world revolved around you . 
   no , but i am human and i need to eat . 
  farmers are human as well and they need to have decent lives . 
  european farmers are hardly on the poverty line , rather than subsidising foods why not let people pay the actual prices it costs farmers to produce ? 
  in recent memory we 've seen milk lakes , butter mountains etc that subsidisation has given us . 
  did that help bring prices down ? 
  no , it just meant a lot of food - and by extension - resources go to waste . 
  go back to ayn rand and freedman and whatever neo-satanist bullshit capitalism is selling to you today . 
  really ? 
  i mean really that is the best argument you have ? 
  the state corporatism you appear to be advocating has been proven to be an utter failure and since your best argument seems to be petty insults i can only assume that you have n't the intellect to do any better . 
   it is a fucked up beyond belief situation . 
  and yet eurosceptics ( who admittedly are a bit smug with the `` i told you so '' attitude ) are still cast as insane extremists . 
  the frame of the conversation and debate never shifts - the answer is always `` more europe '' . 
   ban all imports that are not made with certain labour practices ( to avoid degrading europe 's labour force even further ) yep !, 
  protectionism that 's just what we need . 
  watch prices go sky high and shortages kick ... unless we only let in the goods we 're short of . 
  i 'm sure all those other nations we export to will be fine with it ... or maybe not maybe they 'll go to the wto and/or retaliate . 
  trade wars are a bad idea . 
   fund agriculture and housing are you french ? 
  funding agriculture is the biggest waste of money . 
  we should be spending more on the sciences rather than farmers . 
   fund large scale r&d projects yeah ok , i agree with that ,  re-nationalise infrastructure and key industries . 
  and we 're back to statism - this is a bad idea , we have a long history of that stuff not working well . 
  read your history . 
   fund and develop completely distributed energy and telecommunication infrastructure . 
  interesting yes , but is that going to stop the implosion of the eurozone ? 
  not even close . 
  such a shame we allow barbaric practices such as this to remain . 
   and this is the country were most politicians are embezzling national and european funds on a daily basis . 
  i 'm sure many eu countries suffer the same fate either directly or indirectly . 
  spain and italy spring to mind . 
  there is already a slew of legislation and regulation around corruption in the eu . 
  a lot of it is ignored however . 
   ` frees ' them of the relatively poorer and less developed south of italy and would potentially result in only having to pay taxes to the eu instead of also having to sustain the south but would n't the eu have to support not only the south but other parts of europe as well ? 
  what 's the difference ? 
  why do you think your political classes will become less rapacious ? 
   one ca n't build anything if the countries ignore rules , fines and laws . 
  eh , ever travelled around europe ? 
  try doing business in spain or italy . 
  they are not corrupt in the absolute sense but there are ways to speed things up ...  it does n't matter if new treaties are written , no one follows it . 
  sadly germany failed itself here by breaking the maastrict treaty all those years ago . 
  hoisted by their own petard . 
  no idea who is downvoting you but ... 
  yes , the masstricht treaty has been side-stepped for political reasons and this is why i have a lot of sympathy for the german constitutional court they are being asked to turn a blind eye to what is effectively state aid which is forbidden . 
  this is where a strong leader/president of the eu would be a good thing , someone to stand up and make a decision and sell it across the eu . 
  one way or another the eurozone needs a leader , wether that is a cool head to break it up or someone to keep it bound together is irrelevant - it needs a leader !, 
  as [ turnusb ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/wnula/imf_tells_eurozone_to_turn_on_printing_presses/c5f6xc8 ) points out inflation would be bad for the pigs who are already struggling . 
  but more than that even with a stated desire to increase inflation it will take a while to feed through the system and will still cause a lot of pain as incomes are squeezed . 
  then there is the further risk that inflation may simply cause new bubbles to form especially in germany which would feel awash with cash . 
  basically , there is no easy silver bullet here . 
  whatever path is chosen there will be very shitty consequences . 
  most of them . 
  the obvious is stated ... hardly news . 
  as an idea they may well do , but if your electorate is strongly against it spending money on implementing the project was a bit stupid . 
  at least try and win people round to the idea first . 
  no , the global financial crisis was not bliars fault but the mess in the uk was . 
  as for id cards whatever their potential merits it was poorly handled and expensive ... as i say the list can go on for quite some time,
