  so everyone is in theory affect . 
  should be interesting . 
  i do n't think you understand how debt is priced . 
  the yield is different from the interest rate . 
  the interest rate may be set by the central bank , greece / the ecb could very well set the interest rate for the bond to be 0.1 % but good luck finding a buyer !, 
  so , the market will always determine the yield since as bonds become `` riskier '' people will sell thus reducing the price and increasing the yield . 
  see [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bond_%28finance%29 ) for more information . 
  yields/rates are far from voluntary . 
  the fiscal compact is there to present moral hazard and atempts to ensure sensible policies are followed . 
  having high debt ratios causes risks for the entire eurozoe as we have seen . 
  because at some point the country can not hope to ever pay off the debt and thus must fall back to the other countries in the ez to pay for the debt . 
  it has been discussed for decades whether there was an implicit guarentee for each countries sovereign debt once they signed up for the euro . 
  events since 2008 have not exactly clarified the issue , one could argue they 've even muddied the waters yet more . 
  the ecb hoovering up bonds is basically the eu inflating its way out of trouble but again the individual countries , italy , greece , portugal and others must eventually sort themselves out or the value of the euro will plummet as investors lose faith and this would cause interest rates to rise . 
  with all due respect i do n't think you fully understand the reasons for the fiscal compact or the financial system . 
  i 'd suggest you do a bit more reading , 
  it is not remarkable at all . 
  maybe for guardian readers it is , but a cursory glance at the history of the eu would show that the positive attitudes to the eu ran hand in hand with either big spending or global feel good factors in recent times and before that the eu was little more than a free trade area ( 70s and 80s ) . 
  the advancement of the eu in peoples daily lives has exposed a lot of what the eu is and is not . 
  couple that with the evident piss poor ability of countries to regulate and follow even simple rules on budgetary discipline has demonstrated that the `` solidarity '' in the eu is non-existent . 
  and now of course everyone is butt hurt because the house of cards is coming down . 
  remarkable ? 
  unexpected ? 
  not really . 
  inflation can do all of those things for you only faster !, 
  are you thinking about what you 're saying ? 
  of course eurobonds will `` risk '' inflation . 
  they are n't magic . 
  the prussians were quicker because they did n't have a 35 hour week and worse unions . 
  there is a big difference between good and bad legislation as you point out spain experienced far too much of the bad kind . 
  privatisation can be a positive thing but the right framework is needed . 
  spain is a relatively young democracy and evidently lacks the strength of institutions to stop a lot of the corruption . 
  sadly , the only thing that can change that is people and their culture backed up by a few examples sent to prison . 
  corruption will always exist it is how it is treated that makes the difference . 
  spain like italy and others turns too much of a blind eye . 
  yes , the spanish central government did a decent job of constraining spending . 
  local governements were n't so good and there was an influx of a lot of eu funds . 
  the main failing of spain was to poorly regulate the banks , not liberalise the economy which is still to this day heavily regulated ( e.g. 
  chemists ) and that for many the ideal thing to do is get a job with the government because those jobs are very secure . 
  also , there is a lot of low-level corruption . 
  there is more but i 'd say that [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish_property_bubble ) is an example . 
  without the cheap debt afforded by the euro then that bubble would have burst or not gone as high for so long . 
  you can see in the graph on that page quite how dramatic the increase in private debt was . 
  really ? 
  sounds like a bit of a fool and not really an entrepreneur . 
  is it maybe the debtors were closing in on him and his lifestyle ? 
   but at some point we 're just missing the whole point of the eu -- it really should n't matter that they are the strongest/biggest , especially since if this was put to an actual vote that germany would have to follow , their policies would likely lose . 
  it should matter . 
  naked populism on cheap credit is what got the south in to the mess it is now . 
  reasons against a more intergratde ( or federal ) europe . 
  at present the democratic deficit in europe is massive . 
  if we 're going to integrate further then we need to see how this is going to be resolved . 
  the eu is driven by fluffy political grandstanding and very little in the way of detailed implementation . 
  this needs to change 3 . 
  the eu is corrupt as hell . 
  many northern countries should not be looking to move to a more corrupt form of government than the one they have . 
  it 's insane . 
  for a lot of people to stomach the fiscal transfers needed to sort out the problems in the `` south '' is a bit much and as a result they 'd probably want the south to cede more control over spending . 
  the eu is far too inward looking and worrying over idiotic things such as cap which should be left to nation states . 
  where we could benefit from a federal government e.g. 
  defence it whimps out to keep the pacafist/neutral countries happy . 
  the ez crisis highlights just how immature the processes and functions of the eu are and how much still goes on behind closed doors . 
  if it wants to be a government it needs to stop behaving like a spoilt child ( e.g. 
  the 6 monthly migration ), 
   the average wait to get paid in the construction sector is nine months . 
  some unlucky firms that have done work for health authorities in the campania region around naples have been waiting for up to five years . 
  seriously ? 
  how do you expect an economy to survive ? 
  the states should have known better and not made empty promises to the electorates . 
  how far must we continue with this self-delusion ? 
  what ?!? 
  capitalists who make investments should take losses ? 
  crazy thinking , crazy i tell you . 
   so the option of an export-driven recovery is thrown out the window no it is not . 
  believe it or not there 's a whole planet out there . 
  the eu can not export to itself in perpetuity and expect to grow . 
  we ( europe ) need to become more competitive on a global stage . 
  better than london for what ? 
  there 's barely a handful of cities in the world that can compete with london on awesomeness , 
  2 brasshouses and 5 bent clubs ? 
  if you need help getting an it job in the uk let me know i may be able to help , 
  the accreditation courses may be useful as a personal learning exercise and some employers will use them as a filter but they are far from a requirement , a nice to have at best . 
  as for courses well i did physics at university and have not one formal qualification in it but have spent the last 14 years in the software development industry . 
  i 've worked for small companies and in the public sector and by and large there is a diverse range of backgrounds in it . 
  many of the best people i have worked with have dine degrees in maths , many good people have had no degrees at all and been self taught . 
  sure if you 're in the latter category you may find it hard to get a job with google or m$ but they are not the only ones out there . 
  ageism is possibly a more valid concern , i ca n't think of many developers over 40 mostly they go towards either system architecture or management . 
  i ca n't say i have ever encountered such protectionist practices in it . 
  certainly not in the uk , add for wage pressures i think the pool needed to have much of a downward trends would be much higher than the potential pool simply because there is such a shortage . 
  as for training spend a year learning python and html and javascript and you should be able to get an entry level job in about 20k, 
  the myth of the shorter working day would mean that everyone had skills which are useful . 
  take software development there is a massive shortage of developers and with the best will in the world not all the unemployed would be able to do it as it is skilled labour . 
  it is the same for most skilled professions . 
  we will probably have to accept that unskilled workers will benefit less and must be subsidised by the skilled . 
  that tv series should be compulsive viewing . 
  despite being 30 years old it is still depressingly relevant . 
  i believe a lot of tensions with france began during ww1 there are numerous reports of how the tommies did not like the french . 
  take a reasonable statement and exaggerate massively - yep it 's a headline !, 
  fapping, 
  i think you missed the point .
