  probably the most sensible and hopefully what will actually happen , the downside is no-one wants to spell out to voters what this will actually mean and this will cause a lot of popular resentment . 
  it will not solve any social problems in the short term and it will require politicians in countries to lose a lot of power . 
  yeah , it 's all poison and none of it nice . 
  the sickening thing is that all of this was perfectly avoidable . 
  eu waters down political fudge to include clause to allow easy get-out should things inevitably fail at some point at an inconvenient time ? 
  who 'd have thought it !, 
  italy 's economy has been in terrible shape for years . 
  if it was n't for a bloated public sector then recession would have been underway long ago . 
  unemployment was nearly 10 % during the height of the boom . 
  i do feel sorry for the spanish , their government did most of the right things , certainly when compared to others . 
  ok , fair points . 
  let me reword my sentence : `` the constitutional court has already been danced around to the point of ignorance '' . 
  the european financial punkery is not a trivial matter , it shows that given enough prodding the german constitutional court will bow to political pressures . 
  if that is not subversion of the system then i am not sure what is . 
  yes , i doubt that merkel or any other leader will come right out and mess with the constitutional court because it would , as you say , create significant political upheavel . 
  the dollar is the global reserve currency . 
  oil is traded in dollars so it 's not quite so simple as what is happening with us monetary policy . 
  it 's the political elite who are seeing their dreams falling apart . 
  the constitutional court has already been danced around and ignored . 
  read what has been done over the last 6 months and read what the court has said in regard to some things which are in clear violation of the consitution . 
  it 's already happening . 
  it does n't have to be an actual war , but remember that one mans terrorist is anothers freedom fighter . 
   all germans shall have the right to resist any person seeking to abolish this constitutional order , if no other remedy is available . 
  depends who wins , history is written by the winners . 
  it does look a bit dodgy does n't it ? 
  either someone messed up or someone placed a massive bet against the bank . 
  i 'm guessing some people close to the bank know more than they are letting on :d, 
  such a thing should be possible in theory , however what too many idealists forget that there is often a skills and knowledge gap which is not so easily breached . 
  no , i was n't saying they dont make mistakes but that they never learn from their mistakes . 
  in the same way that european politicians do n't ? 
  sharing geographical area is the most important thing is it ? 
  the eurozone may well yet become a ** failed ** attempt at a monetary union . 
  it is not much more idealist that a federal europe . 
  but that 's beside my point , which is that we should not be afraid and so cowed as to not consider alternative options . 
  equally , we are not doomed should we not integrate further with the eurozone ; the europhille fear-mongering is feeble . 
  no , i meant the entire commonwealth as it stands . 
  indeed , not all of them will want to partake in it , but i see no reason why such ideas should not be put forward and potentially pursued . 
  assuming the eu project is fait accompli with little or no exploration of the alternatives is not a clever move . 
   which members do you have in mind and to what purpose ? 
  all of them , the commonwealth is a massive bloc of nations , currently at 54 with a global and diverse set of cultures . 
  economically , the commonwealth can offer its members tariff free markets and a much more free and open market . 
  the uk as one of the richer members can also step up what it does now within the commonwealth by helping the poorer nations become stronger . 
  instead of wasting money on the cap investing that money in infrastructure projects in places like bangladesh would be a lot better for humanity . 
   at least europe is n't insane . 
  hmmmm . 
  i 'll need convincing on that one . 
   americas policies ( or at least , all of the republicans and quite a few of the democrats ) are the opposite of what we think is right . 
  granted the republicans are tending towards the batshit insane end of the spectrum , but that does not automatically mean that europe is the only choice . 
  personally , i would be in favour of greater interaction with the commonwealth and/or the anglo-sphere . 
  as different as we are from america , we are just as different from the majority of eu states , certainly the club med ones . 
   our right-most political party is still far , far left of their left-most party . 
  the converse can be said for many european countries . 
  simple fact is it is not possible to have a single policy that would suit all members , the ecb is and should look after the larger members since they would be the most problematic should a problem arise . 
  your assumption that the other members could be treated as one homogeneous group for the purposes of monetary policy is naive at best . 
  i get it , and i agree with the ecb 's approach , if i were them i 'd want to protect germany 's interests too . 
   yes , either try to focus on all of them and face the risks . 
  or focus on the biggest of them who will help the others when they get in trouble . 
  you will never focus on all of them , monetary policy does n't work like that it is a very blunt instrument . 
  the downside to focusing on the biggest with the expectation that they help the poor is that in the case of the eurozone this was never explicitly told to voters . 
  german voters were not told `` if the shit hits the fan be prepared to bail out the others '' . 
  it was expected that each country would run a responsibly economy which has led to ...  this holier-than-thou attitude we see today , with germans saying greeks deserve to be punished and greeks saying germans are an occupying force while i agree it is not helpful it is perfectly understandable . 
  the greeks ( and others ) did not reform their economies , they became over-reliant on cheap debt which they would never have got without the implicit support of germany and spent money in an unsustainable way . 
  10 years later , coming cap in hand to germany and asking to be bailed out is a bit cheeky . 
  in some respect the greeks do deserve to be punished the evidence has been stacking up for years about how poor the club med economies have been performing relative to germany and norther europe and this is because so many industries remain protected and unreformed . 
  corruption is pretty much systematic in some areas . 
  for me this is one of the defining reasons i am a eurosceptic , it is not because i want it to fail but because of the blind idiocy of the populace and the politicians to even recognise conventional wisdom for currency unions and economic policy . 
  people really need to sit down and stop the political bullshit and have some honest and open conversations about what being a part of `` europe '' means . 
  either way my sympathies lie more with the german taxpayers because at the end of the day they will be the ones left holding the bill which needs paying . 
  fwiw if the eu got rid of the wasteful cap and spent more wisely then perhaps that would give the keynesian boost we need . 
  germany + france accounts for well over half of the eurozone economy economy , add in italy and you 've got 77 % . 
  why on earth you would consider running an economic policy which might endanger them i have no idea . 
  greece is a tiny fraction of the eurozone economy , spain is larger but still a relative minnow . 
  it makes no logical sense to focus on those small countries and risk sending the larger economies in to recession . 
  germany can bail out greece , greece could not bail out germany . 
  sadly , this was not made explicit to voters and we are seeing the fallout . 
   it 's not about male/female but more about individuals . 
  it is about male/female . 
  at least if you 're talking about risk factors . 
   a problem i could see is with inherited genes which could cause diseases , unlucky people would need to pay more and they coud n't even do anything about it actively , bad luck so to speak . 
  you 're right this could be a problem , but your solution to ignore any evidence and blindly equalise payment is ridiculous . 
  you ca n't wish away inherited traits , at least not yet . 
  if a condition makes someone a more risky driver then why should they be subsidised ? 
  perhaps public transport would be a safer and cheaper approach , or some other alternative . 
  understanding risk is the best option . 
  not ignoring it . 
  germany ( and france ) for the major economic and population centres in the eu , it makes more sense to focus on their economic well-being rather that of greece ( or even spain ) . 
  if you take a look at the usa then you 'll see the interest rates are not set on what 's happening in north dakota but what is happening in the major economic hubs . 
  insurance is a protection against risk , i dont see why they shouldnt use as much information available as they can . 
  though i do agree that tetudou 's idea is the ultimate solution and perhaps should be available to those who want it . 
  i 'd sooner insurance companies had more information rather than less as i consider it more likely that prices for women will rise rather than male prices fall . 
  yeah , i 'm sure i read this about once a year . 
  then if they wish they can take on the nationality of their host country and problem solved . 
  and guess what ? 
  fuck all happens . 
  yay for the single market . 
  i 'm one of your `` 10 % '' . 
  i think it depends on your background and where you come from . 
  she is certainly vilified in the former northern mining communities but down south in the tory heartlands she is a lot more popular . 
   i think she was a harsh , determined politician who made some tough decisions that needed to be made . 
  the eu could really do with a politician like that right now instead of the spineless cretins that are around .
