  again , the capitalist system allows for co-operatives to form and indeed we have several highly successful examples ( john lewis group & the co-op group ) they are reasonably collectivist and there 's little to stop you or anyone else from forming such a group . 
  i do agree with what you say re people taking more power over the environment ( i say this as someone who has lived with pot holes in the road for 11 years and counting ) but to hijack an earlier point you made most people crave stability and do not want `` experimental '' governments , it 's a level of risk too great for many . 
  we have a system that kind works , compare that to the experiements in russia and china that saw millions starve and widespread canabilism in town and villages . 
   if i have billions or even just millions in revenue i can pay people to change the world whether they agree with how i am changing it or not again , unless someone is incredibly successful they can not spend millions continuously and the few in this case would probably be a handful of people in the west ( buffet , gates , who else ? ), 
  as for people coming together to further shared goals , well surely that 's what socialism is about ? 
  people can come together collectively and fund changes and influence . 
  so , what system would you have instead ? 
   the implication you put across is that there is no prexisting disparity of power between classes , what is stopping you or anyone else leaving this environment/country and moving elsewhere where you might be able to gain more power ? 
  i know a few people have moved to the far east where they feel they have a better quality of life . 
  if you wish to stay and fight the system then fine , no arguments there and yes there is a pre-exsiting ecosystem which is not to your liking and maybe you will or will not change it . 
   it takes millions of people to leverage a tiny amount of the power and influence that only a few rich entities can leverage many times over on a daily basis . 
  you can argue the same for politicians , a lot of power resides in the hands of a very few . 
  but even the wealthiest people can only fight for so long in the face of persistent displays of unity . 
  tobacco is possibly one of the better examples of corporate abuse but even so in the grand scheme of things it did n't last that long . 
   he does . 
  the work is a requirement of the benefits , and housing . 
  homelessness is the alternative . 
  when you set the bar so low , it 's no good saying refuse and get something else , when at that point everything else is either equally low or lower ( or starve ) until very recently this was not true , indeed to be involuntarily homeless ( in the literal sense of the word ) is reasonably tricky especially if you have kids . 
  work is not a requirement for any benefits other than income based jsa unless i missed something major in the last few years . 
  the system will fail some people , systems always do and we should strive to ensure that those failures are minimal but by and large the system that we have now works . 
   the economy requires financial growth to function . 
  you are correct that an economy in recession still exists , but the point is that it is receding , and will not continue to exist if it continues to recede . 
  can you provide an example of one system that will not cease to exist if it continually recedes ? 
  the point is rather that capitalism allows for economic cycles . 
  you do n't need growth in it any more than you need growth in any system . 
   how do you get it ? 
  consumer disposable income . 
  creates demand , which creates jobs , which creates more consumer spending , so more jobs , omg awesome sauce  but what if you lose it in recession ? 
  consumer spending falls . 
  demand falls . 
  jobs are made redundant , which further decreases consumer spending , so more jobs are lost ... not awesome sauce . 
  that is an incredibly simplistic view of things , it is rare for all segments of an economy to contract , indeed even now there are sectors of growth which may not be taking up the whole slack but they will provide some of the growth for the future . 
  yes , some periods are more serious than others and require keynesian boosts from government but again , all systems will fail in the event of extremes - ask china and russia . 
   it can only work in the up direction for a limited time ( probably for some time yet if properly regulated ) , because the environment will run out of resources to create goods several hundred years and counting ... but yes there is an inevitable limit as there are with all things if we accept that the earth is a closed system . 
  it is clearly not , and we will at some point exploit the local planetary system and beyond . 
  the limits of space and time are not necessarily so rigid . 
  it is not beyond the realm of reality to extend human life spans in the not too distant future . 
  but again , regardless of the system used you will encounter these problems . 
   capitalism requires growth of the economy to provide a stable living environment . 
  no it does not require growth to create a stable environment . 
  i really do n't see how you come to that conclusion . 
   on planet earth , the economy can not grow forever true for any system , but who says we are limited to this planet ? 
   people coming together on a global scale to achieve things requires organisation , to pretend that when they 've done so with agendas that are undesirable to the capitalist class that they have n't been actively and fiercely opposed by a group who have more power than them is disingenuous . 
  people have conflicting ideals , so yes something like occupy which rallied an impressive number of people is going to draw fire to pretend otherwise is idealisitically naive . 
  just as those partaking in occupy want to protect or increase their philosophy so others who attack it want to protect or increase theirs . 
  which is right is irrelevant but crying foul because a side you favour did n't perform so well is just sour grapes !, 
   i think it would be difficult to quantify it objectively . 
  but i do n't think any single person should be able to accumulate more of society 's wealth than a single person ( including a single person working co-operatively as part of a massive enterprise , not just a single person isolated and alone ) can themselves produce . 
  i mean actually produce , not lay claim to through right of ownership . 
  you 're either setting a very low bar or one which is incredibly flexible . 
  if a single person expends all their energy i am sure they could achieve quite a lot . 
  especially if one specialises in one area and is an expert in something . 
  in contrast to a generalist labourer then there may well be a huge inequality . 
   the question is , do the people accepting minimum wage jobs feel they realistically could just `` not '' accept the job ( since the renumeration is n't worth the work or whatever economic calculation you might make ) ? 
  i would argue that they do n't . 
  why do you feel they do n't ? 
  a small minority of welfare recipients evidently do the calculation and decide that it is worthwhile . 
  they accept a much reduced lifestyle compared to the average in return for the ability to not work . 
  we all have made the choice to do what we do , if we accept a minimum wage job it is because we believe it to be better than the alternative . 
  it maybe social pressures rather than economic that force it but that is not the fault of capitalism . 
  what would your realisitc alternative be ? 
   there can not be even 1 billion buffets in the world , even if everyone was brilliant , the proportions of successful people would be similar not necessarily , if everyone was brilliant there would be less inequality since for sake of argument if everyone was a doctor or lawyer then while there are wage inequalities they are not as extreme as say welfare and investment banker . 
  capitalism has been around for a long time and there have been periods even in living memory where wealth inequality was less than it is now . 
  the issue now is the ability to globalise and what this means for those who are able to play on a global stage . 
  yes , they can control more assets than they could historically but again , this is not a direct consequence of capitalism it is more a case of globalisation . 
   it needs it in the sense that it starts to fail quite badly ( most importantly , the reason we accept these accumulations of capital is that when it is invested , with the purpose of further accumulation of course , it benefits us locally - with jobs or higher wages or cheaper stuff or whatever ) when it is n't growing the incentive for investment is taken out , which slows further accumulation but also makes us lose those benefits that we do get from capitalism . 
  i presume you are familar with the concept of an economic cycle ? 
  there are phases where people make a lot of losses , so i 'm not quite sure what your point is . 
  we do many things with the intention of it benefitting our circumstance but not everything does . 
  the same is true for moaist china and russia with thier respective plans for growth . 
  they did n't set out to starve 30 million people . 
   but in a non growth scenario once dealt by some specific solution the problem is solved . 
  your use of growth here is a bit ambiguous , do you mean economic growth or population growth ? 
  there are lots of areas we could grow which cause environmental issues . 
  should we implement population caps ? 
   it 's that it distributes the power and ability to patronise in a way that disadvantages the vast majority against the very few . 
  you could say the same for any system that allows power to be concentrated even in the slightest . 
   the issue is again that we get one group of people having the power to influence hearts and minds on a national and often global scale on account of their wealth vs the vast majority with not only not capacity for similar influence but even no capacity to prevent their own environment being invaded by other peoples highly scientific attempts to influence them . 
  rubbish !, 
  people can and do come together on a global scale to achieve many things . 
  the problem typically is that when people come together ( e , g , occupy ) they lack coherence and a single vision . 
  charities manage to work globally and have vast influence and they are not exactly instruments of capitalism . 
   i care about the massive inequality necessary to the way capitalism functions and that is irrespective of individual qualities . 
  so by your standards what is a reasonable level of inequality ? 
  corruption has nothing to do with wealth it is more to do with power and the ability to patronise . 
  corruption is found in any system . 
  advertising is a means of disseminating information and as a broader concept we have marketing . 
  it 's an interesting and very immature field and like anything it has good and bad points . 
  it is n't just capitalists that use marketing , all groups do and i assure you i 'm as fed up of seeing the swp mouthing off in city centres as i am of gillette adverts . 
   any cursory observation demonstrates it . 
  of course information shapes society , in the west we are relatively fortunate that we have conflicting parties and regulatory bodies to monitor advertising since it suggests that over time the information will be more honest . 
  we all have a responsibility to ensure that we collectively punish those who provide false and misleading information . 
  sadly , we do not . 
  none of this is unique to capitalism  i am complaining about a disparity between to existent groups there can never be perfect equality unless you have an incredibly draconian and authoritarian governance and i 'm sure you 're not an advocate of that kind of control . 
  yes there is more we can do to lessen inequality but we 're better doing that by educating people and ensuring that merit is backed up by opportunity . 
   plenty of people have been evicted in this country because they lost their jobs . 
  i 'm guessing they had mortgages or couldnt pay the rent and i know from experience that it takes more than one or two missed payments to be physically evicted . 
  no doubt there is a myriad of issues but as you point out they are in temporary housing so ok , not great on a personal level but yay the system is working to some extent . 
   i was n't expecting to be taken absolutely literally . 
  sorry , it 's not always easy to distinguish between literal and metaphorical statements in print .
