  this has been quite detrimental to the uk . 
  there is nothing stopping the eurozone countries from forming a deeper , fiscal union . 
  if the euro is going to survive then there will need to be a fiscal union and all the political integration that requires . 
  if that is what the population want great , let them do it . 
  personally , i do not wish to be that involved with the eu . 
  why should we ? 
  the eurozone as currently constructed was doomed to fail the moment the ink dried . 
  there are few things i like about gordon brown but i 'll give him his due for keeping us out of that mess . 
  it 's a stupid [ football chant ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/two_world_wars_and_one_world_cup ) that has been around for some time . 
  it 's still 2-0 in world wars though :d, 
   this article is wishful thinking on a breathtaking scale . 
  pretty typical of most of the european political thinking of the last few decades . 
  germany 's problems were of a very different nature . 
  as far as i remember the integration of east and west germany caused quite a few issues and resulted in a lot of spending to try and improve the lot of the folks in the east . 
  i do n't see the germans as the bad as such , but i do think the franco-german axis has repeatedly avoided serious and difficult decisions since the inception of the eurozone with pie-in-the-sky thinking which was fanciful at best and the result was always going to be what we are seeing now in greece . 
  it is unfortunate for the greeks that they happened to draw the short straw . 
  it is because wages are uncompetitive compared to competitors . 
  germany has undergone wage deflation due to the integration of eastern germany back in to the west . 
  i thought it was ireland which was added later ? 
  [ there 's something you 've forgotten ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sjuhlrobl8m ), 
  piigs is hardly an insult . 
  perhaps you should read up on [ reddiquette ] ( http://www.reddit.com/help/reddiquette ) . 
  europes biggest bank ? 
  do you mean santander ? 
  according to this [ website ] ( http://www.banksdaily.com/topbanks/europe/2011.html ) it comes in at 4th, 
   the damage down here was caused by too low interests rates for too long due to france 's and germany 's economies being down the shitter , gentleman . 
  in a monetary union the monetary policy will reflect the situtation of the largest economies , relatively speaking the piigs form a small part of the eurozone . 
  also low interests does not absolve your government of responsibility for sensible policies . 
  because piigs is a mildly amusing pun in english . 
  they left the towels on the sunbeds ? 
  northern england has a flag ? 
  utterly rubbish article . 
  i 'm sure said writer would have said the collapse of the ussr would also result in catastrophe or maybe the fall of the roman empire was the end of the world . 
  what would be a catastrophe would be an unordered disintegration of the euro . 
  if done with sense and planning the euro countries could reasonably easily ( for the rest of europe if not the greeks ) remove greece from the eurozone and perform a sensible haircut on the debt of other nations in trouble . 
  the problem for the eurozone/eu is that doing this would mean a prolonged period of economic malaise as everything gets worked through the system . 
  the eu is crap at making politically difficult decisions , much better to keep plastering over the cracks . 
  why bother submitting any content then ? 
  since we all know how to find the news outlets ? 
  uhm , by article spamming you mean submitting content ? 
  well i figured since the economist has several articles on europe this week i thought it may be of interest to folk here . 
  judging by the voting i guessed wrong . 
  i shall remember not to post content in the future unless it 's wank material for europhiles . 
  fair play that is one hell of a bitch slap to italy . 
  not undeserved though . 
   but that it 's entrenched in the foundations of the eu , as even the biggest players do n't play by the rules got it in one . 
  the eu is a * political * union first and foremost and the means making decisions which a rational body would not consider sane . 
  [ an article from 2003 about france and the budget deficit - plenty more out there ] ( http://www.economist.com/node/2055519 ) [ and some other guilty countries ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/business/2005/nov/18/theeuro.europeanunion ) the problem that voices which run counter to political opinion are derided ( especially in the uk ) as being blindly europhobic , sure there is an element of that but many of the eurosceptics in the uk have valid points which get routinely ignored . 
  i 'm very pro-europe but also very anti-eu , the reason being that the eu is increasingly less democractic and it refuses to deal with problems in a realistic way . 
  the problem with the eu is not china , the us or the uk the problem is the eu itself . 
  greece was unlucky to be the one that drew the short economic straw it could well have been italy , spain , portugal or ireland . 
   the fact that no warning lights went off for all these years you 're kidding right ? 
  the economic indicators have been there since the eurozone was started . 
  that they were routinely ignored and explained away does not mean that people were saying it was a folly years ago . 
  germany and france are the ones to blame for a lot of things though , when times were good and the budgets should have been in surplus they conspired to have the deficit limit broken to suit a political end . 
  the monetary union without a fiscal union is not a bad gamble at worst it is a political fantasy that has been forcefed to a mostly unknowing populace . 
   for starters , moving away from the hack and patch approach that has been the general rule for too long . 
  as above , political and economic realities are divorced within the eu and making the inevitable `` tough choices '' politically will lead to lots of unrest in several countries . 
   while some people seem to liken germany 's approach to dictatorial practices i wonder why ... though no one else has the power to do much about it . 
   i do think some firm leadership could steer the eu clear from the iceberg it 's heading towards . 
  i agree , but we also need to ensure that the european populace is engaged . 
  what about the denials that have trapped the eu ? 
  150/300 is not a simple majority ... maybe that kind of counting helps explain why the greeks are in this mess . 
  the obvious one i would say is the fiscal/monetary union issue . 
  but i think a ** far ** more interesting topic would be the democratic deficit that exists within the eu . 
  the [ no vote ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/7455955.stm ) in ireland is one case as is the recent `` suggestion '' that the greeks not hold a referendum . 
  the eu political classes seem increasingly reluctant to take issues to a popular vote . 
  compare this with the ussr/russia which we in the west openly complain about with their fixed elections and what not , we 're not exactly much better at the eu level . 
  if he moved to the uk he would know the langauge , well mostly , 
  if you 're an american i 'd say the uk is your best bet . 
  i 've seen figures but i dont have the data to hand iirc it would be reduced to 120 % by 2015 but the problem is that is a very optimistic outlook.if there is another recession or prolonged stagnation then the figures are basically back up to 180 % by the turn of the next decade . 
  like the uk greece has a significant structural deficit and not just cyclical and no amount of wishful thinking will change that . 
   it basically remove half the debt and insure more bailout . 
  it still leaves greece in a poor position , better than now for sure but if they left the eurozone and defaulted the banks would barely see 20 % of the debt repaid and not 50 % . 
  then with the imf help the new greek drachma would be valued so low that exporting to europe would be sensible . 
  the eurozone dont want this because it will mean french banks take a battering ( not quite sure why they are affected most by greek debt but hey ) and the rest of the eurozone would become very unstable ... will portugal or spain leave for example ? 
   there is no reason for greece to leave the eu . 
  ** that is a total over reaction . 
  ** and  can someone please explain to me why greece is not jumping at the chance to take this deal ? 
  the other option is too horrible to contemplate . 
  how are you going to create a new currency ? 
  how are you going to import anything ? 
  ** they will go back to the stone age !, 
  ** emphasis mine . 
  two paragraphs right next to each other ... 
  as halk said it is shocking the amount of groupthink both in the eu political classes but also here on t his subreddit . 
  i get it that you 're mostly europhiles but wake the fuck up and start thinking critically . 
  there are good points about the eu but they are usually offset by economic reality encountering bad politics ( i.e. 
  keep french banks sweet so france does not lose it 's aaa rating ) . 
  that 's a rather vindictive stance to take . 
   if you cared to look at your country before bashing others , you might realize you 're not the pinnacle of self-righteousness and good principles in a sea of countries i never claimed it was , merely saying that relatively speaking the club med countries have a reputation , backed by some statistics , which indicates they are more corrupt than the northern european countries . 
  this is hardly breaking news or a wild opinion held only by myself . 
   you think that we portuguese , spanish or italians just as bad as an entity that had some members shamelessly participating in corruption in such a way that lead to at least 8000m $ being loss ? 
  i have lived in spain and had the misfortune of partaking in low level corruption with idiot government officials , so yes , in all honesty i do see the other club med countries in the same light . 
   and present as evidence a copypaste from wikipedia it was the first hit from google and it showed a point , do you want to to trawl through the news sites and find more information ? 
   but your fucking ignorance and `` uk 's euro-skepticism '' ignorance of what exactly ? 
  my euro scepticism is brought about because i rabidly object to europe , i consider myself a eurosceptic because the entire project is run on insanity as the current debacle shows and also for the following reasons : * the eu is very undemocratic , it takes too much power away from the citizens . 
  * the laws are bent to suit political aims rather than sticking to the rule of law , or rule of treaty ( see 3 % budget deficit limits ) * several countries used creative accounting to get in to the eurozone and are now crying because they squandered billions and did not reform their own markets to be more competitve ( see club med countries ) * pathetic economic protectionism , mainly by the french but there are others as well , where danone is cited as a strategic industry . 
  * cap - this is so wrong i do n't know where to begin . 
  * the absurd migration from brussells to strasbourg of the eu parliament only to keep the french happy .
