  the problem is that it needs debt and quit ea lot of it before it can even think of improving since a lot of debt was issued short term . 
  there is no way that greece is in a sustainable position . 
  it 's wrapped in cotton wool at the moment , take that away and the world is going to get painful . 
  you do realise that the debt payments are so low because the eu , imf and whoever else is lending is currently trying to make payments as low as possible so as to help greece out of this situation ? 
  should the greek government go to market and have to pay real interest rates you can see that 5 % becoming 25 % very , very quickly . 
  now if you can remaster kermit the frogs `` it 's not easy being green '' to something more greek i 'd be very impressed , 
  we 'll call it the anti-trojan manoeuvre, 
  i 'm sure the uk would . 
  i 've no desire to see the ez fail but if the greek crisis is anything to go by i 'd not hold my breath . 
  spain is survivable assuming germany bails it out but the impact would be immense and would probably force a united states of europe or possibly german politicians would just take over . 
  italy is one short recession away from true disaster which could well end the euro . 
  funnily the ez politicians are as blind and as incontenent as ever . 
  pfft . 
  the magic spending fairies will make it all better . 
  additionally , it is better to have a successful small eu than one with a lot of powers but fails . 
  the eu is not demonstrating great capability right now . 
  if people want less eu then give them that . 
  there 's a lot of ways one can shape a union , some ez members were admitted purely on political grounds and that was a massive mistake . 
  someone somewhere needs to start selling a long term vision for the eu - preferably have several competing ideas and see what people want . 
  simply bludgeoning them along and hoping that they accept it is a recipe for disaster . 
  even germany has an anti-euro party which should tell you something . 
  with regards to your last sentence ... wake up and smell the coffee !!, 
  the eu has always been like that . 
  ever since the lisbon treaty the politicians have dodged the rules in order to meet their own agenda bugger what the small people think . 
  the key problem is that even if greece exits there is still no change to the mechanisms of the eu that would prevent exactly the same disaster from happening . 
  not even germany can bail out italy should that country get worse or break from the program . 
  the eu needs reform more than anything . 
  external debt will be voided ( presumably ) and internal debt can be forcibly converted hence why greece would have to leave ez and eu because that would break a whole lotta rules . 
  if it 's any consolation i 'm saving up to buy a greek house as a holiday home should prices drop further  please do n't see me as a heartless exploiter of other people 's misery see me as a depressed middle aged , middle class person deprived of sun in the godless north . 
  they 're clearly not aardvarks so what are they ? 
  yes and the redditsphere think the tories are only marginally better than the devil and are sacrificing babies because they want to cut the deficit . 
  the pitchforks are out ? 
  [ and so it goes ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3bdxds/european_central_bank_expected_to_end_emergency/cslj1px ), 
  you missed the point . 
  france and germany are two of the key reasons we 're in this mess . 
  if you want to absolve them of any guilt then have the decency to do the same to the greeks . 
  it 's a successive and systemic failing of the eu , led by the franco-german axis , that has brought us to this place . 
  it 's not about good or bad guys , life is rarely so clear cut . 
  but look over the history of the eu and ez . 
  sure greeks played ( and lost ) the system , france and germany cheated it when they had the need . 
  this is why the eu needs fundemental reform , tinkering at the edges is n't enough . 
  that said quite simply had the french and germans adhered to the maastricht treaty/criteria then everyone would have had clear direction the rules must be obeyed . 
  even now bond rates for spain , italy and others are artificially low because the ecb and eu have made clear they will defend them whatever the cost ( so long as you follow the eu instructions ) . 
  i appreciate this is a simplified view . 
  to think a default and ez exit is going to solve problems is naive . 
  greece has a balance of payments issue , barely has anything to export and will have incredibly little money to fund any sensible investment . 
  france and germany must bear ultimate responsibility for the mess due to the farce that was maastricht . 
  that laid for the groundwork which successive greek ( and other ) governments turned blind eye to the very real problems they were facing . 
  on the plus side - cheap holiday homes for sale guys , 
  entities like the imf ? 
  hmmm, 
  is n't there some independent body that manages the wording ? 
  the point was to bide time and wait / hope for a strong eu economic recovery and then quietly behind the scenes greece would have been paid off ... that 's not happened and now the greeks elected a government that is not pliant to the wishes of the eu leaders so there 's a standoff . 
  if there 's one thing i 've learnt having followed the eu over the last 20 years is that if there 's a difficult choice to be made you can bet your last cent that they 'll be desperate to find a way to delay it . 
  i think it 's just messy . 
  as a brit this is causing consternation, 
  i use contactless for small purchases . 
  it 's quick and simple . 
  what made you give up on cats ? 
  there 's a whole set pf theories devoted to this kind of thing . . gamut ... camel ... game theory perhaps . 
   whats vague in these proposals ? 
  if greeks are motivated in fighting tax evasion , well then , that 's one of their goals . 
  how they will do it is up to them , as they know better their country than troika . 
  what technical parameters are to be changed in tax evasion ? 
  i admire your naivety . 
  with out a clear target ( e.g. 
  increase tax by 4 % ) then even if the greeks gain 1 euro they can call it a success . 
  if you want to ensure you achieve something set realistic and detailed goals and hit them . 
  anyone can talk a good game and it 's easy to do hand-wavey speeches but to set targets and hit them is much , much harder . 
   greece 's allegedly ` vague ' goals should have been enough in the past . 
  it 's about accountability . 
  vague targets are hard to enforce and the current greek government has indicated it has no desire to undergo the reforms that the troika think is necessary . 
  so , by requiring hard and fast figures there is little room for fudging it as often happens within the eu . 
  er i know . 
  the french also burnt sheep in the past . 
  hence the observation . 
  why burn tyres ? 
  ca n't they do something a little more environmentally friendly . 
  at least if they burn sheep you can have a kebab after . 
  i really liked it . 
  aside from that granada in spain . 
  i 've worked in it for 15 years , have written many complex pieces of software on a wide range of systems in many different languages yet for the life of me i can not guarantee to successfully set up a projector . 
  i wonder if that is the source of inspiration for the island in jingo !, 
  if the boj actually attempted to sell its holdings there 'd be a massive spike . 
  the japanese having basically been doing qe for many a year in an attempt to stave off deflation . 
  as you can see [ here ] ( http://www.global-rates.com/interest-rates/central-banks/central-bank-japan/boj-interest-rate.aspx ) they 've had flat rates for years and a [ `` lost generation '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lost_decade_%28japan%29#effects ), 
   anyone would be foolish to think the japanese will have issues in their bond market i hope you 're missing an / s, 
   the uk would not be leaving the eu in the same state as greece leaves the eurozone . 
  no , but people will rightly or wrongly draw parallels . 
  and if greece gets messy the pro-eu brigade will have a very real , very big fear factor to point at . 
   it is a question of the lesser evil . 
  all too true . 
   a change of government that leads to agressive anti corruption and market reforms enabling greece to export better . 
  in principle i agree , but in real terms this is going to be a mutli-generational thing . 
  you cant spring up industry you dont have and flourish . 
  much like the rebuilding of the east this will be a rebuild of greece . 
  for me the lesser evil for greece would be to stay in the ez and hope for the best . 
  there was an interesting comment in the economist recently that said roughly every decade or so there 's a recession , based on that thinking we 're potentially around 5 years away from the next recession and the eu and ez are not ready for it and the next one to fall could well be italy . 
  if italy goes then bye bye ez and quite possibly eu as we know it today . 
   but the west should be able to try and stop that happening .
