  a lot of people left the country for tax reasons , clearly the uk survived but did such a destructive tax policy help or hinder ? 
  i 'd say hinder , others may disagree , 
  they could just move there and if there is a continued shortage of skilled staff then businesses will stop setting up in france because who would want to move there ? 
  it 's unlikely to get to that extreme but if you 're a ceo looking at where to base a new office in europe france is not going to be top of your list right now . 
   speaking english , you 'll get by just fine in [ . . ] and of course the british isles . 
  as a native english speaker i can assure there are some places in the uk were you 'll struggle to get by with normal english . 
  the bbc is a odd beast , it undoubtedly has the support of the majority of people and while individual programs may have a political slant the bbc does a reasonable job of ensuring [ political neutrality ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/editorialguidelines/page/guidelines-impartiality-introduction/ ) as is required of its charter which i believe is bound by law . 
  that said the bbc is very much a function of the establishment genuine counter arguments rarely get much serious airtime on the main channels and you have to dig quite deep to find them on other channels so i think it is fair to say that the bbc attempts to represent the `` majority '' of middle of the road views . 
  i dont think the echr is more useful to the uk only that it was better than any of the proposed alternatives . 
  of course other nations try to get more out of the eu than they put in , the eurozone is a fine example of what happens when that goes wrong . 
  the uk tends to be either very good at getting its way or very bad . 
   he was convicted of embezzling public funds , abuse of trust and illegal conflict of interest . 
  i 'm sorry , for an elected official who was president i dont see that as `` small scale '' and it possibly hides other things he has done which has not yet been brought to light . 
  it may be our cultural differences are in play but chirac should have been put in prison . 
  edit : the uk had an expenses scandal that saw several mps go to prison and more lose their [ jobs ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_parliamentary_expenses_scandal#criminal_charges ), 
  why not ? 
  [ link 1 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jacques_chirac#accused_of_corruption.2c_convicted ) [ link 2 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jacques_chirac#embezzlement_trial ) edit : and that 's just the stuff that has been brought to court . 
  i do n't doubt there are other things also . 
  i 'd vote for the silliest candidate there is . 
  something akin to [ h'angus ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/h%27angus#election_for_mayor ) would be good . 
  this sentence pretty much sums it up . 
   britain was going to be a large contributor to the cap and the eec budget , and sought to offset this deficit by having the erdf established . 
  in europe britain always plays to get something out of it . 
  the cap was pretty much a give away to the french and the echr was mainly to mitigate other initiatives that the uk found unpalatable . 
  we 're pretty good at doing `` damage limitation '' . 
  immunity is a terrible thing that has allowed criminals like chriac and berlusconi to remain free when they should be rotting in their respective prisons . 
  no , i ca n't bring myself to write it that way round . 
  boobs are newsworthy ? 
  slightly sad isnt it . 
  that actually made me chuckle . 
  tony blair agrees with me , ugh . 
   a little-known and blatantly unjust feature of the us system is `` redistricting '' , also called `` gerrymandering '' . 
  little known ?!? 
  simply printing money is not the solution , the germans are quite right in that respect , the old time club med trick of default , inflate and export will not work in a currency union like the eurozone and neither is it desirable . 
  there is no good option in this crisis , and that 's the problem . 
  any option requires more political willpower than th e current crop of leaders has . 
  i dont dispute the concerns the germans have , but at the end of the day if they want the euro to survive there will need to be some form of debt mutalisation , if they dont want the euro to survive then they need a sensible plan for breaking it up . 
  neither are trivial decisions but the delay only exacerbates the issue . 
  printing money should never be a popular idea , but if it forces down germany 's household savings and thus stimulates demand while helping the south out ( along with some bloody big sticks ) then it 'd probably be the least worst option . 
  i think the whole world has now grown weary of waiting for germany to make its mind up . 
  the expense scandal was terrible but it 's tiny fry compared to what happens in some european countries , take a look at chirac in france , he gave bungs and used expenses in a way that a uk mp just would n't be able to . 
  no i probably do n't . 
  if the majority - or at least some controlling bloc are in favour of the status quo then the eu should get involved and penalise them harshly . 
   given that italy will do nothing to change this ( not to mention the spreading of organised crime up north ) what can the eu do ? 
  why wo n't italy do anything about it ? 
  if italy wo n't do anything about it then they should face sanctions and the eu/interpol should get involved . 
  whilst i am under no illusion that the uk ( or norther europe ) is corruption free the scale of corruption in the southern and some eastern countries is crazy . 
  how can we be expected to move towards a united states of europe or even much further integration knowing that one way or another we are funding corruption ? 
  a very good atricle , not normally a fan of his . 
  it does raise an interesting point though , since we know all structures are transient how do we deal with the transition from one state to another ? 
  i 'm not sure what help that will be , also not `` everyone '' is on holiday . 
  the dilemma facing germany is an interesting one that brings in to conflict moral hazard and the political desire to unite europe . 
  i 'm not sure how the dialogue is playing out inside of germany but ultimately it is the ability of merkel to sell the eurozone project all over again while getting assurances ( in law ) that the pigs wo n't cause these kind of problems again . 
  i 'd wager that it is the latter part which is causing the stumbling more than anything . 
   someone 's going to have to do something soon ... 
  it all hinges on germany/merkel , until she caves in on eurobonds the eurozone aint going nowhere good . 
  i 'd struggle to call the ussr and china successful , both had mass starvations and epically autocratic regimes which saw their technology level fall dramatically in relation to the much more open west . 
  by what measure would you deem them successful ? 
  i have less knowledge on imperial japan so maybe that one is a good example , i do n't know . 
  i agree that there is no perfect one-size fits all way to decide which economic style works best , but those economies that have seen technological advancement and often as a consequence an improvement for its population in the past 200 years are those that have tended towards economic and political freedom . 
  which centrally planned economies have been successful ? 
  unless you 're at high risk from hiv e.g. 
  by being in parts of africa the who and others say the risks of circumcision out weigh the benefits, 
  rightly so . 
  sadly the religion card will be played and all will resume as per usual because fairy stories dictate these things . 
  edit : if female circumcision is illegal then why not male ? 
   if they would benefit by leaving the euro they would have done this when all this mess started . 
  but , as said elsewhere it is a political project which they are pursuing for the time being . 
  the euro was never simple an economic project . 
  would germany benefit economically by leaving the euro ? 
  i do n't know , i 've not seen any evidence one way or another , but there will be a point at which the costs of remaining int he eurozone outweigh the benefits . 
   the only way forward is for the survival of the euro . 
  there is always the break up of the eurozone . 
   lets just say overall what is best for germany is for the euro to stay intact . 
  any evidence for this or is it just wishful thinking ? 
  i found new england to be reasonably close to the uk but not so much elsewhere . 
  try reading [ this ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/db0492a0-a4dd-11e1-9a94-00144feabdc0.html#axzz21jfwjadg ), 
  at least you did n't call it the final solution . 
   no , because it should be done according to people 's nationality . 
  finland should n't marry two gay italians if italy rules gays ca n't marry . 
  and we have a whole new level of bureaucratic hell - what happens if it is a finne and an italian for example ? 
  so , you have a bice loophole whereby people go to another state to get married , come back to their own state and the state is forced to recognise it ? 
  while i am pro-marriage for any people who care to do so there is , sadly , a very focused usually religiously driven moral standard on what constitutes marriage and this is seen as a `` serious '' issue for some . 
   well , devaluation is generally considered to be a last resort . 
  yes , but the club med/pigs have a tradition of doing it quite a lot since ww2 since it does the least amount of political damage upfront . 
  not to say they are the only ones who have done it , the uk also has on a few occasions . 
   imho `` squandered '' is too strong a word , especially in the case of spain . 
  i disagree . 
  there are a lot of sectors of the spanish economy which is effectivly a cartel . 
  the one that spings to mind and i am most familiar with is pharmacies , these are limited and very little genuine competition exists . 
  you cant just open one . 
  equally , a lot of farmers and construction companies ( particularly in the south ) hired cheap immigrant labour on the black market which is one of the reasons that official unemployment rate was so high even during the boom . 
  again , the government did little to help itself . 
  you 're right to point out the impact of the brits and germans have upon the costas but this should have been obvious to the economic advisors and mitigated . 
   i 'd contrast this with the berlusconi governments [ ... ] that 's an unfair comparison no-one else is even half as bad :d  and here we have the problem - a currency system with no centralized political willingness or even the tools to quickly and decisively respond to crises . 
  the ecb has done a reasonable job given the authority and means at its disposal , but that 's far from enough . 
  indeed , but it is the willingness ( and i do accept this necessity on a pragmatic level ) of the ecb and others to bend the rules that is most worrying from an eu point of view . 
  as a citizen i find it alarming that the laws are so malleable and more importantly are not being challenged except in the german consitutional court and `` everyone knows '' that it will still get rubber stamped . 
  we 're one ruling away from an autocratic state . 
  all we need now is jar jar binx and we 're done for :d  this is even worse given the french and german ( among others ) flouting of the stability & growth rules in the early 2000s - not to mention the fundamental idiocy of bringing in countries that simply were not compatible with the requirements to join a common currency , often against the expert opinions of those hired to assess their health .
