  a strongly written letter to their parents ? 
  it is n't nice being pepper sprayed , but if you 're going to protest and play `` tough '' do n't be surprised if someone calls you on it . 
  you think students getting pepper sprayed due to their own idiocy deserves a greater viewership ? 
  i am not labelling the bankers evil nor do i think they are wholly to blame , but it was the over lending of sub-prime in the us which triggered things off . 
  the problem is not that the eu shuts down when there is a crisis , the problem is that it avoids confronting reality . 
  while the current crisis was sparked by the banks the problems faced in the eurozone are of the eurozones own making . 
  germany ( and others ) have been very altruistic over the past decades of eu integration . 
  you can barely walk a mile in spain without seeing some road or project that bears the `` funded by the eu '' flag . 
  i know the same is true for other countries as well . 
  for the majority of sane people it is not about greece `` deserving '' what it gets , but utter incredulity that this was not realised and dealt with sooner . 
  greece ( along with others , notably france ) was quite happy to take the funds from the eu and enjoy the benefits but when it came to implementing the single market and labour reform they dragged their feet and delayed . 
  now the good time funds have gone and the reforms will have to be done without the sweeteners that were there throughout the 90s . 
  as governments with excessive debts and deficits have shown - it is very easy to spend other peoples money . 
  maybe if governments spent more time practising balanced budgets and not throwing money around like no tomorrow then you 'd not be in this mess in the first place . 
  rather than looking to externalise blame the first chance you get ask yourself `` what could i/my country have done better ? '', 
  ah protectionism - brilliant idea !, 
  it depends on your point of view . 
  there was once a liberal party worth supporting and contrary to much thinking on r/ukpolitics there was even positive tory governments . 
  the nhs envisgaed by bevan was dramatically different from what we have today but that is neatly forgotten because it does n't fit a nice story . 
  equally , not all of the nationalisation that was undertaken by attlee was , or should be considered a good thing . 
  there never has been much difference between parties . 
  anyone claiming otherwise is indulging in wishful thinking . 
  the problem with a `` growth compact '' is that it will in all likelihood end up being financed by the germans . 
  in principle there is nothing wrong with that but if i were a german i 'd be slightly narked and demand that the pigs dramatically alter their economies ( labour laws etc ) . 
   we 've got some truly corrupt fucks in government now . 
  what did you think we had before ? 
  no we need more legalisation and not decriminalistion . 
  personally , i 'd take the status quo ( i.e. 
  illegal ) over decriminalistion . 
   all pension funds are a bet on the future everything is a bet on the future . 
  that is a lame tldr ; . 
   italy does not need austerity , per se . 
  italy needs to reduce its mountain of debt to something more sustainable . 
  debt is 118 % of gdp , gdp is eur2 trillion . 
  let 's assume that interest on that debt is 1 % - and let 's face it it 's higher than that - that 's eur24 billion a year in interest payment alone . 
  there is no way in hell that that is sustainable with an economy that is , as you say , highly inefficient . 
  sure , there is a lot that could be changed like you say but increasing taxes or reducing government spending should come in to the equation too . 
   i know from experience the british public are really against austerity just shows how different experiences can be . 
  i know a lot of people who are all in favour of the state not pissing money against the wall and cutbacks . 
   what about the retirement funds/pensions structure ? 
  only unfunded pension funds should be structured like that i.e. 
  ones funded by the taxpayer . 
  if you have a private pension fund then it should be invested sensibly and not in a pyramid scheme . 
   this new and emerging idea that everyone should just work until they literally drop dead of old age is n't that great either . 
  it is hardly new go back a few generations when pensions were first introduced and you 'll see that people did not live so long after retirement . 
  also , quite why the state should be funding retirement is beyond me . 
  if you want to retire early make provision to do so . 
   germany will be the eventual biggest losers in this experiment . 
  sadly all too true . 
  but i do feel a lot of sympathy for the german people in this respect . 
  they funded the profligate club med countries who , allied with france made every effort to resist reforms without much complaint . 
  now it 's all blown up they are cast as the bad guys again since terms are being dictated more from germany - hardly a surprise . 
  that said , germany does need to balance the risks a bit better and realise that austerity is right for some countries ( greece , italy ) but not for others ( spain , holland ) but no-one will win that political argument . 
  i agree that europe and the uk need to expend more energy on exploiting space but they have little appetite to do so . 
  we prefer to spend our billions on the cap - go europe \\ o /, 
  there 's quite a few societies that try to promote space sciences but outside of a few niche areas sucessive governments have not been interested . 
  not quite sure but the uk has a history of not wanting to invest in manned space travel . 
  we prefer to do satellites , robots and other types of physics . 
  uk funding for the iss is equally low as a relative proportion . 
  i agree it is utterly misguided but for once i dont think it is an eu thing . 
  yes , that 's what i meant thank you . 
   having a currency union is not a bad thing . 
  having leaders that do n't understand how to manage it , is . 
  i 've been making this point for so long i 'm tired of making it . 
  too many europhiles do not appear to understand it though . 
  i 'm not going off case . 
  countries do default on their debt , it 's happened to the uk it has happened to germany . 
  the change in credit rating has some reflection of this risk . 
  i think spain is unfairly targeted but there is no denying that it has a lot of risk infront of it . 
  if , for example , the austerity makes things worse , or if the eu decides to inflate its way out of the debt trap . 
  point is the eu as a whole may default to soem extent . 
  it certainly will if italy stumbles as even the germans cant bail them out . 
  nothing has zero risk , it is that thinking that helped lead to this mess in the first place . 
  i didnt mean the original eu project 50 years ago . 
  i was more specifically talking about the laughable maastricht treaty and the pile of crap that is now known as the fiscal contract ( or whatever the hell it is ) . 
  if a country defaults and you get less than 100 cents on the euro then you have a loss . 
  nothing , absolutely nothing is zero risk . 
  if you do n't believe that ask the bond holders of greek debt who took a write down . 
   no , that 's impossible . 
  bonds will always have a higher rentability than 1 % what makes you so sure ? 
  banks have lent money to each other at negative interest rates before . 
  a bond could pay 0.1 % quite easily . 
   this is a war against our social democracies . 
  a social democracy with 22 % unemployment ? 
  a country with rigid labour markets that results in many people wanting to work for the state so they can get comfy jobs for life ? 
  an amazingly pointless examination system which seems to determine where people study . 
  no matter motivation , no matter experience or skill so long as you can do well at a multi-choice exam ? 
  in fairness those loans at 3-4 % are government bonds so they may well have to take write downs at some point or face losses from inflation . 
   `` merely exposed the inherent flaws within the eurozone '' if only the eurozone folks had bothered to understand this before they started it all . 
   part ii follows did i miss part ii ? 
   i do n't need to understand the mechanics of the system , a dead fish told me about it . 
  i would argue you do , at least to some level because otherwise how to do you believe one `` expert '' over another ? 
  look at the silly comments you get when talking about particle physics - some of the populace appear to believe the world will end if you collide too many atoms . 
  something somewhere must inform your point of view , you are a part of whatever system you are in , whether it is anarcho-communist or libertarian - something must inform your view . 
  otherwise you really are harking back to very simple faith-based models . 
   if the doctor has interests beyond providing you healthcare , like paying off his sports car , he might be tempted to offer you something you do n't need or something harmful . 
  indeed , but this is true for any person under any system . 
  someone can always have a motive which is non-obvious . 
  motivation does not evaporate because you change the system . 
   but i do n't really know about monsanto and i do n't have to to know they are dangerous .
