  furthermore it is dangerous to marginalise those who disagree because it pushes them to further extremes and exacerbates the situation . 
  hitlers rise to power is very interesting but owes more to threats and violence than democratic legitimacy . 
  the minute ukip or others steps in to those areas i will be the first to say arrest and charge them , ban them from politics if necessary . 
   together all these parties will unite in the eu parliament and cause big problems . 
  you mean parties which have attracted voters interest actually seeking to have those manifestos implemented ? 
  the horror !, 
  you do know what democracy is right ? 
  the us shortened the war by all accounts but the allies would have won without them though the map of europe may have looked quite different from what it is now . 
  may i have then ? 
  one you 're finished with it of course . 
  i will never forget when my ex spanish gf went to the bar and ordered a `` penis and cock '' or `` peanuts and coke '' as we english would say . 
  they have nearly $ 1 trn . 
  i 'm sure they 'll find a way out . 
  as the article suggests they could push for a post-carbon future ... if handled well they could creat something of a high tech cluster . 
  it will require a major social shift though it need not be a disaster . 
  edit : look at it this way with $ 1trn under management and assuming at least a 3 % yield they could allocate $ 100m to those 250,000 people and still have the fund grow over time . 
  show that to the american pro-lifers and they 'd explode :-), 
  it 's hardly a huge surprise that the uk would use english is it ? 
  perhaps you 'd have better luck asking universities in your native country to provide them in your primary language , 
  plus think of all the hamburger jokes you can make . 
  the fun must never end . 
  how does he avoid competition legislation if he owns 3 of the main commercial channels ? 
  the one counter to that is russian women . 
  extraordinarily beautiful . 
  maybe that should you inform you about the quality of your argument . 
  good day . 
  you are funny :-)  how you can describe that as undemocratic is beyond me . 
  i think a lot of things are beyond you . 
   also i 'd like some sources where the eu claims it is the beacon of democracy . 
  ( quite a few hits discuss it here . 
  even ones ending in . eu !, 
  ) [ https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=eu+beacon+of+democracy&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;rls=org.mozilla:en-us:unofficial&amp;client=firefox-a&amp;gws_rd=cr&amp;ei=fpiouo_il4iahae9nohgcq]  why should any law ever be voted on twice then ... you 're hyperbolising . 
  you 're making it seem as if the irish people were bombarded with eu referenda . 
  there were exactly two about lisbon . 
  two instead of one . 
  well indeed . 
  why should laws be voted on twice in relatively quick succession ? 
  i 've not looked but i dont think it is common at all . 
  i 'm not suggesting the irish were bombarded just that the whole thing smaked of dictatorial behaiour when the vote did n't go the way the eu wanted . 
  let me put it this way . 
  had the irish voted `` yes '' the first time would there have been a second vote ? 
  no , probably not . 
  does n't that strike you as slightly one-sided ? 
  socialising losses of banks under the guise of a capitalist system does not expose a flaw in capitalism just shows that those in power , for whatever reason , are unable or unwilling to allow banks to fail . 
  i 'd suggest that shows evidence of a socialist system and not a capitalist one . 
  under capitalism banks should not ge tbailed out . 
  if they did then maybe the system is not capitalist . 
  in reality we have a hybrid . 
  britain has educated some of the finest despots and dictators the world has ever seen . 
   you do n't need to fix anything ; if you run out of money ask for more . 
  that 's socialism through and through . 
  it 's hard to take your post seriously but i 'll bite :d  are you seriously referring to the stone age eu constitution debacle as an example of typical `` eurocrat '' behaviour ? 
  what exactly is stone age about it ? 
  that you can say these two sentences is hilarious :  and what exactly does voting twice in ireland have to do with `` eurocrats '' not wanting an honest debate ? 
  that indeed is not a debacle at all . 
  it 's perfectly normal to vote again on a law if it did n't pass the first time . 
   what exactly is so horrible about voting twice ? 
  apart from the fact that the result was n't your preferred outcome . 
  well , the first result is one that i preferred . 
  why should they vote again ? 
  or rather why not vote 3 times ? 
  i did a quick google for referenda in ireland and could find no precedent for two in quick succession on the same topic . 
  that alone would suggest the vote was extraordinary . 
   surely it was the french and dutch governments that organised the treaty ratification and not the commission yes , and what was the response from the commission ? 
  to break down the costitution and push through the component parts re-wording parts so as to avoid the need for countries to have a referendum . 
  we have words to describe such behaviour - name dictatorship - using means to avoid clear democratic expressions from the population by means of a referendum hardly shows the eu to be the beacon of democracy that it claims to be . 
  i agree , though i am a eurosceptic i do think the poison pill that has hung over us for so long is not helping anyone . 
  at least one way or another with a poll the issue would be put to bed . 
  however , in terms of politics it made sense for labour to avoid a vote in good times because it screwed the tories over . 
  edit : a word, 
  for that to work we need to be able to have an honest debate . 
  something many eurocrats seem reluctant to do . 
  see the `` ireland vote until you get the right answer '' debacle and the netherlands and france scraping no votes for the eu constitution . 
  the reason misinformation is able to persist is that it would appear to be in the interests of both sides to keep it that way . 
   we 've never had the access to so many opinions and able to directly interact with those that hold them . 
  if we take reddits popularity as a decent bellweather for such social media sites then it should quickly become apparent that people tend to cluster around views they already hold and indeed the diversity of certain subreddits is very small . 
  take / r/europe the majority are white , male , liberal / social democrat , atheist , under 30 and pro-europe . 
  that is not representative of europe , or even a decent range of views on the subject . 
  people rarely if ever seek out views which are radically different from their own with the intention of challenging themselves , they typically descend in to what we lovingly call a circlejerk . 
  while we may have access to a broader range of views and discussions the majority continue to look little further than the end of their nose . 
  in the very next line i did say :  i 'm sure people said the same about newspapers and in their day they were quite the social disruption but even their affect on a global scale was somewhat limited . 
  to some extent we have never had anything on the scale of current social media before , it is quite a disruptive platform . 
  i 'm sure you 'd agree that much . 
  and that 's kind of the point , each generation see 's change and eventually becomes fearful of it . 
  youth is generally more open to change than the aged hence the general anti-establishment nature of the young . 
  much the same as each generation thinking it is new , unique and better than what has come before . 
  mixing with people down thepub meant youd at least get some cross-generational conversation going . 
  0.1 % to 0.2 % here we come !!!, 
  :d / s, 
  you do n't need to be a history buff to see the cycles of `` youth protests against establishment '' only in 20 years to become that very establishment . 
  it 's almost like at different stags in peoples lives they have a different understanding on the world around them . 
  more worringly though is that people of all ages , through the use of technology , are able to increasingly filter what they hear and thus re-enforce the mentality that is known as `` us and them '' now i 'm sure people said the same about newspapers and in their day they were quite the social disruption but even their affect on a global scale was somewhat limited . 
  or rather contrived action film with the thinnest veil of a message may not actually be the best way to make an argument . 
   on the other hand , i think that every anthem is obsolete because i reject the concept of nation states . 
  are n't you clever . 
  a brandy would be good . 
  damned cold :(, 
  you may disagree with what the tories are cutting and there may indeed be scope for tax increases but i hear no one talking about eliminating booms and busts , i have n't heard any politician ( or organisation ) of any stripe suggesting that cutting government spending is undoubtedly the wrong thing to do . 
  though there are debates about what can and should be cut . 
  maybe once the budget shows some sembalance of balance then a sustainable level can be found but we 're some way off that .
