  you can buy anything illegal so long as you agree to the cost upfront and a means of exchange . 
  the ending sucks . 
  i doubt they 'd bailout the bank just make sure that it can function in zombie mode until they can sell it all off , having seen what they 're doing with regulations i think that 's the direction they would take . 
  berlusconi 's age reduction spell being cast ? 
  king richard ii ( maybe iii ) and the earl of warwick aka kingmaker . 
  relatively speaking they did a lot to stop corruption brought about by the lancastrians who were basically a shit lot ( except henry v ) . 
  both fought to ensure that the rules of law were followed , somewhat blindly as they tried not to break the law which was a bit tricky as the king was shit , 
  i agree about garibaldi , they are very interesting biscuits !, 
  the best thing to come out of italy is monica bellucci , 
  yes , we call it `` school '' . 
  do n't start off the yorkshire brigade . 
  and if scotland votes to leave the uk we 're going to lose a lot of scotch tax eh ? 
  financial services will get absolutely clobbered if banking passporting goes . 
  and the french and germans will have every incentive to make sure it does as it would massively boost their flagging economies . 
  but it 's not just the direct impact of banking it 's all the support services and other places that benefit . 
  as for car exports to china ... i 'm not sure why you think that we 'd be able to compete with them on manufacturing ( or other low wage economies ) our costs are too high and that has nthing to do with the eu unless you want to scrap the minimum wage as well ? 
  something i am sure we can all agree on . 
  i 'd take that right now, 
  at the moment a lot of euro bond and other eu stuff is done in london . 
  the ez initially wanted to tax/restrict euro-denominated stuff outside of the ez . 
  the uk lobbied hard and ensured that did n't happen , the reason being the desire at the time to get a single market for services . 
  that 's already did a quiet death and the uk voting out would be the perfect opportunity to enact such rules . 
  it will take some time but rest assured banks will shift a lot to germany and ireland and the eu will have every incentive to make it happen . 
  a lot of people i talk to within the industry expect it to come about should we vote out . 
  those that want out assume we 'll take more of other markets and act like singapore ... it 's an optimistic view in my opinion . 
  post brexit it will happen . 
  i work in a bank and there are plans being made to shift some stuff to the ez if we vote to leave !, 
  go break your arms then . 
  you could quite easily make something that is chemically explosive with all the stuff you can very conveniently buy once you 're past security in the duty free area . 
  our current regime of airport security is mostly for show . 
  the writing style was poor , the idea a bit absurd - basically just a bit shit . 
  that book was terrible, 
  there was a kingdom of wales but edward i basically removed it by conquest . 
  though if you follow the marriages and what nots the tudors were actually welsh . 
  ok , try a different angle . 
  which country do you look to as an ideal model of government ? 
  ( or at least closest ) . 
  | `` who '' governs is n't as important as what ideas govern in my opinion and it 's a nonsense to have two social democratic parties cancel each other out so why are they separate parties ? 
  chances are it 's either leader ego ( berlusconi or pepe gillo ) or the parties are actually different , in which case i 'd argue they do n't cancel each other out . 
  or at least , allowing them to form a government is n't necessarily better . 
  there will be some that vote for party a that do not want party b involved for whatever reason . 
  yes , it maybe a smaller group than party c but still , it is only assumption . 
  | `` oh well it does n't fix 100 % of things so screw it '' is n't a productive answer to . 
  that 's not my response . 
  i just do n't think changing from fptp as a first step necessarily improves things as much without other things happening first . 
  for example , i could quite believe that we could end up with a major alliance of ukip & the tories . 
  while in principle that may be fine i doubt many advocates of pr are wishing for that . 
  | neglect of safe seats and a need to campaign wider fair point . 
  | political partisanship because of winner takes all elections this happens regardless , it just tends to be who catches the momentum of the mood and who does n't . 
  governing coalitions are often unstable . 
  italy being a good case in point . 
  | resulting gerrymandering yes , but we 'll likely have party list gerrymandering . 
  | unstable ideological politicking policies eh ? 
  the northern league or pepe grillo perfectly stable eh ? 
  | a majority of the country ruled over by the minority i find this the biggest bullshit about pr-based approaches . 
  parties a , b and c have 40 % , 30 % and 20 % of the votes . 
  it is perfectly possible that due to 1 . .3 preferences being counted that party c is the party that most people like on aggregate the most despite it being the least popular first choice . 
  i 'm not sure i see that as a win . 
  or , if you start to discount parties and knock them out then again it could well be b that wins even though c was most popular overall . 
  the whole approach feels messy and complicates what should be a simple process - `` i want this party/person '' to be my representative . 
  | extremists fighting over control of the two major parties rather than setting up their own parties we have ukip , bnp , greens - all extreme parties that exist and win votes in the uk . 
  sure , many people tend towards the major tribes but it will take a generation for that to change . 
  ultimately , what problems are we trying to solve ? 
  a more representative democracy ? 
  a better educated populace ? 
  better policies ? 
  it would be better to focus on other things first in my opinion . 
  i understand your points but i 'm not clear why you think a pr-based multi-party coalition is any better or more democratic . 
  the people can not even be sure who will be governing in such a system . 
  it also makes a mockery of politics when opposition is effectively made irrelevant by grand coalitions that occasionally crop up . 
  what we do and have lacked for some time is a good education on politics , a fact or at least evidence based approach to political discourse and engagement . 
  none of the problems we currently see in the uk would be solved by having pr or similar . 
  i do n't wholly buy that . 
  in the uk we 've always had a smattering of ukip , greens , independents and the lib dems have typically had a strong showing . 
  fptp has its flaws but it is not necessarily terrible system if you understand how it 's supposed to work in the context of the rest of the constitutional framework . 
  equally , many countries with pr or varients thereof have a history of unstable governments and back room deals , grand coalitions in order to form a working government . 
  we fundamentally disagree and i 'm not going to be persuaded by simply pointing out the bad things of the empire as i already agree they are bad things . 
  but as you said on the whole i do n't think it unreasonable for people to be proud if they believe the benefits were better than the worst elements given the context of the times . 
  as for alternatives i have no idea . 
  we could be living in a version of russia . 
  am i proud that my daughter is trying to exterminate all arachnids ? 
  am i proud that she snatched a toy off her baby sister ? 
  am i proud that my daughter does n't tidy her room ? 
  but i am proud of my daughter because overall the benefits outweigh the negatives . 
  on a country level the bad points may be more evil but the good points are also more elevating . 
  promotion of common law , democracy and trade . 
  freedom of the press and individual . 
  there are many awesome legacies of the british empire that had they not happened the world would undoubtedly be different but potentially also a darker and dangerous place . 
  so yes , for better or worse , and having read my history i know there is a lot of worse , i do n't think it is unreasonable for people to feel proud of the empire . 
  personally , i think the treatment of turing was despicable but we have evolved away from that while other countries and cultures have not . 
  i take pride that we can adapt and change even knowing that some have paid a more terrible price than they should . 
  it 's a more terrible thing that we revise our history and overlay current norms without understanding why . 
  at the time the us was a relatively unimportant back water . 
  the real prize was india . 
  in the context of the times it was normalised behaviour . 
  had it not been the uk it would have been france or some other nation , and although it is hard to know what alternative reality would be the overall effect has been positive in the view of many people . 
  this is not to say all actions by the empire were good . 
  i came across this old gem from the bbc . 
  worth a watch , 
  firstly , there is little to no evidence to support the claim regarding sti transmission .
