  i 'd suggest that hollande is betting that germany will agree to some degree of debt mutalisation in the near future and is using that assumption to fund his stimulus . 
  french debt , while not bad overall would run the risk of higher interest rates if they were outside the euro . 
  about 10 years too late , but nevermind . 
  whatever it is you 're smoking i want some !, 
  that 's why the average wage should be considered the median wage and not the mean, 
  i doubt it , but one or two mistakes and we would start to see the end of the monarchy . 
  i 'd be happier if the eu even got close to being technocratic , it seems more like an idiocracy . 
  it was n't me :-(, 
  also from the uk and i quite like the monarchy , not out of any belief that they are somehow superior , but that they offer the country a sense of continuity that is hard to match . 
  there 's a pretty good photo of the queen with every american president and it says a lot about how times can change but some things remain fixed . 
  as a figurehead i 'd sooner have the longevity that the monarchy adds , it is a much better symbol of a country that some idiot who gets elected every few years . 
  the thought of `` president bliar '' is enough to make me sharpen my pitchfork !, 
  that said i am not a huge fan of charles ( look how i and ii turned out ) and would much rather the throne pass over to william . 
  personally , i prefer my legal system to not be so politicised . 
  a judge should rule on law , politicians make the law . 
  sure there may be clashes but i dont want a judge rabble-rousing or trying to subvert the politicians as happens all too often in the usa . 
   corrupt politicians should be prosecuted , but they should mainly be punished by the voters . 
  the same goes for judges that ought to be up for periodical elections . 
  what ? 
  a corrupt politician should be in prison not voted out of office with all the attendant benefits they normally get . 
  corruption is a crime . 
  as for judges why the hell would you elect a judge ? 
  a judge is a technocratic position and should not be elected but chosen by the legal pillar . 
  if you start politicising judges then you 're inviting trouble . 
  losing the southern bloc would be a massive political blow to many countries and you 're not likely to see the good parts of the eu kept if the southern and some eastern states are forcibly ejected . 
   or why is it beneficial for the north/west to join a union with the south/east ? 
  it never really has been other than to ensure that we have peaceful borders with out fear of russia ( or china ) using them as satellite states . 
  putin has said several times he 'd like something akin to the buffer the soviet union had , many countries dont want that ( some do ) . 
  so in order to keep the peace the north and west helped fund the east . 
  also , let 's consider that france is not exactly a beacon of moral probity . 
  they 've been as guilty as anyone of flouting laws and using protectionism and bullshit . 
  would france be ejected too ? 
  in which case you 're left with germany and a lot of smaller states , some would no doubt draw parallels with germanys less savourry past or hint at economic colonialism . 
  the eu has always been political , it made little economic sense from the start . 
  a `` multi-speed '' europe makes a lot of sense economically and legally with each tier being harder and harder to achieve ( for the corrupt ) but the eu has shown itself time and again to be toothless . 
  i grudgingly accept it out of an existential desire for western liberalism ( ok do n't laugh ) to survive as one of or the dominant ways of life on this planet . 
  sadly we seem all too good at sowing the seeds of our own destruction , but i shall leave this as it is a very long and different debate . 
  it would take generations because well let 's look at the probably outcomes to this crisis : 1 . 
  debt mutalisation - one way or another this will mean the creditor and richer countries shouldering the debt . 
  even now we can see greece struggling and a very real human cost to the crisis . 
  debt mutalisation will not solve that , it may soften it but greece and others will have to endure years of relative hardship , this creates resentment . 
  we 've already seen suggestions on all sides for a breakup and the anti-eurozone party did quite well in greece . 
  such a clash of cultures will take a long time to die down . 
  and more to the point the need to force through changes will mean there is little democratic involvement because if there is then we 'll have the usual banana republic farce of having votes until the `` right '' answer is given . 
  the status quo - well this wont last too long , i 'd be impressed if things can continue like this for much longer a year maybe 2 but lets assume the world picks up and manages to carry the eu with it . 
  as things stand now the politicians and the media are making very national cases without arguing for the `` greater '' good that the eu represents . 
  germany ( and hopefully the uk ) would argue for better law and better regulation but this would be fought quite strongly in the lot of the pigs simply as that is what their culture knows . 
  very soon it would be back to tit for tat political treaties which either fail to deal with underlying problems or whose requirements are ignored . 
  the evidence for this behaviour can be seen over the last 20 years . 
  the eurozone breaks up - one would hope that the eu would remain intact but it would be a shitstorm and no mistake i 'd daresay one or 2 of the countries which come out worse off have a revloution or two . 
  maybe if the richer nations throw money at them they may survive , but if they have the money to throw they 'd probably do that to save the euro . 
  the ecb continues to be lender of last resort - just dont tell anyone !, 
  this is the cowardly way out so sadly all too likely !, 
  this represents the total abdication of responsibility of the political classes and is very much an eu i dont want to be a part of . 
  i 'm a eurosceptic by nature in case you 're not aware of that :-) one of my biggest gripes about the eu has always been the evident holes in its governance and this includes what we have seen over the last 20 years which is basically the eu using money where the us used soldiers . 
  as the eu has pushed east to embrace former soviet states it has turned a massive blind eye to the levels of corruption and evident in both the south and east . 
  eu funds were pissed against the wall and everyone was happy because `` everyone '' felt rich and the eu did n't have to deal with too many awkward poor places with a pissed off population . 
  within the eu countries have been able to flout the laws , anything from common market laws to actual treaty obligations with no punishment whatsoever . 
  what is worse is that some of the main rulebreakers have been the fonuding members - germany and france . 
  so inspired by their lead other countries have not undertaken the necessary reforms , not reined in the corruption and not prepared for a rainy day . 
  the eurozone crisis was always a crisis of `` when '' rather than `` if '' and naturally it needs something to start it , in this case the financial crisis of 2008 . 
  the galling thing is that most of this was entirely preventable or at least containable had the `` elites '' engaged in honest debate with the populace and sought to marry very different cultures together in the good times . 
  instead politicians got on with their own thing , buying votes with eu money and looking pretty on the international stage . 
  so now , here we are in one shitty dilemma : bow to the inevitable and force through a united states of europe which , judging by the press , would be as popular as a fart in a jacuzzi so in all likelihood it will lack all democratici legitmacy unless some fud is spread throughout the population first ( greece being the sacrificial lamb ? ), 
  or , the euro essentially breaks up and the political construct is effectively destroyed in its current form . 
  one would hope the good bits would be retained but i daresay protectionist instincts would kick in . 
  so yes , to answer your question it would require a big kind of interference in national sovereignty and one on a personal level i would be against . 
  however , given how things are the eu needs to do something to fight for its life because the concept of a use has some merit as a counterweight to china and probably india one day . 
  that said it will be several generations before we are even close to culturally accepting that . 
  probably not , but it should , it really should . 
  i suppose that is one benefit ofthe crisis ? 
  i think this is one of the times where it would be nice to see the eu ( yes eu ) flex some muscle and prosecute corrupt politicians , judges and others in office . 
  i. ... w. ... yeah , so let 's forget the last 20 years of incompetence and inaction , leave the corrupt bastards alone and shift all the debt to everyone else all to save a political project that still has fundemental flaws that everyone in the political classes is ignoring ? 
  words can not describe . 
   you practically say to the markets `` hey , we are incompetent , feast on us '' . 
  they 've been saying that for at least a decade . 
  so the eurozone will survive but greece might not ? 
  it 's certainly an interesting option but given spain , italy and others are struggling and would come under re-newed pressure should greece be ejected i 'm not sure that it is a good tactic given how piddly greece is in economic terms . 
  it 's easy to say something in opposition , it is much harder to deliver once you 're in power . 
  it 's simply a tactic to force merkels hand . 
   almost all of them have broken the stability pact , most of them numerous time ( apart from finland , estonia and luxemburg ) and they have clearly shown that international treaties , laws and regulations ( they have all signed and promised to follow the stability pact and the maastrich treaty remember ) are not even worth the paper it is written on . 
  one can not build anything with countries who does n't resepct laws or treaties . 
  which is the next treaty they are going to ignore ? 
  exactly , europhiles gloss over the problems of the eu and seem to suggestion further integration will magically make things better . 
  europe - promising high ideals while upholding none of them . 
  personally , not even close to # 1 million . 
  but the principle that should i earn # 1.1 million that the state should take # 75,000 of that extra # 100,000 is just wrong . 
  i feel demotivated paying the damned uk ) 40 % tax and have given up doing over time as it is n't economically worthwhile . 
  has this led the company to hire new people ? 
  nope , projects get pushed in to the future . 
  one might say that is a lost opportunity . 
  even so , that is still a lot !, 
  there is a difference . 
  it 's not being held to ransom it 's simple logic . 
  if i have money to invest i want to get a good return , if a country is putting in barriers that mean relatively speaking my returns are lower then i 'm less likely to invest there . 
  other factors do come in to play but it 's hardly ransom to act rationally . 
  also , while i 'm not of the extreme position that all taxes are theft one does have to ask if it is right that the state takes potentially 75 % of your income . 
  if someone wanted to take that much of my income i 'd be pretty pissed . 
  i 'm not saying that france will not matter only that it will attract fewer high paid jobs . 
  a possible comparison could be the uk during the 60s and 70s .
