  yeah , do you not see how badly the negotiations are going ? 
  i dont think russia is exactly battering down the door to make greece a satellite state but give it time . 
  i agree with much of what you say but i think a grexit would truly kill a brexit there is no way on earth greece is going to leave the euro is anything approaching a good state . 
  aside from the fact that the people do n't seem to want it , greece does not have an export-led economy and it has already done an internal devaluation which should make it more competitive . 
  not to mention the social unrest and subsequent fallout will probably send greece back a couple of decades and they could well descend in to periods of sustained civil unrest which the eu would end up paying for one way or another . 
  it would be a major blow to the west . 
  at least the has n't asked for the final solution . 
  whatever he 's smoking i got ta get me some !, 
  the qe program can not solve everything and if investors took fright over france or italy then nothing will protect the euro it will not be pretty . 
  i do n't think france has met the maastricht criteria since it joined the euro . 
  also , everyone knew about greece 's dodgy books it was the worst kept secret ever . 
  lots of newspapers said as much at the time ( i 'm on mobile otherwise would link but it 's not hard to google ) . 
  greece played the game like all countries did , the markets also assumed greek debt was safe because it was in the euro hence low spreads - which we still see for other countries which is frankly a bit odd given risks are different for other places . 
  italy being a notable one that should have much higher lending costs . 
  the whole thing is a farce . 
  i personally would avoid yuan since they have capital controls and currency trading is highly regulated by the government . 
  stick to a free float which is less likely to be screwed over by politicians . 
   just imagine the shit storm if the eu had fined greece billions for violating the budget limits . 
  i hope you 're joking , but probably not . 
  did you hear about the maastricht criteria ? 
  the `` hard '' rules laid out with not insignificant input from germany that was initially broken by ... yep france and germany . 
  had those two countries played by the rules instead of thinking themselves above it chances are we wouldnt be in this mess . 
  it is seriously infuriating to see a metaphorical gallic shrug to what was entirely predictable and should have been wholly avoidable except that it would have made things very uncomfortable for france and germany . 
  i do n't have too much sympathy for greece but to lay the blame squarely at their door is highly disingenuous and symptomatic of eu failure . 
  convert to to dollars and hold offshore, 
  because that can happen over night when you have no money and suffering from brain drain . 
  i enjoy armchair economics as much as the next person but there 's an awful lot of bollocks spouted hereabouts . 
  in a political union it does n't work like that, 
  not sure i get this ... `` if you do n't soften your terms we 're going to elect a new government ! '', 
  not exactly the nuclear option . 
  the question has to be agreed upon by committee and it must be in clear english . 
  there are rules on these things . 
  but that is only taking the immediate events in to account and is not factoring in an event which is over 2 years away . 
  the uncertainty is not hurting at the moment but it will do the closer we get to the actual vote . 
  or do you plan everything 2 years in advance ? 
  but does putin know where to keep a hot crumpet warm ? 
  i doubt it . 
   that quote does n't apply very well to american conservatives . 
  the only quote that applies to american politics is `` wtf ?!?! '', 
  getting in to college or not at 17 is not the end of the world and it affects only you . 
  making your mark on a piece of paper affects everyone else too . 
  you keep mentioning economic size in relation to russia . 
  i 'm not sure nuclear weapons care much for the size of the economy . 
  exercises are also very different from reality . 
  no battle plan survives contact with the enemy and all that jazz . 
  just ask the states about the first invasion of iraq . 
  i do n't play any computer games , have n't for 15 years . 
  do you have * any * evidence to the contrary ? 
  it could n't , at least not effectively . .  i doubt the eu with several languages , probably incompatible kit and outside of nato no real command structure . 
  i 'd be amazed if they could conduct an invasion of even a 3rd world country . 
  [ or even manage a coherent defence ], 
  nope . 
  the eu failed to deploy against bosnia , the us had to wade in and do it albeit under the guise of nato . 
  rightly or wrongly the us has proven capable of deploying and sustaining combat in afghanistan and iraq and has supported numerous other smaller conflicts , but the key point is that it has demonstrated that it is capable . 
  the eu - outside of france and the uk - has done very little , and let 's be honest the uk is getting downgraded by the us as an ally and france has really only conducted bombing raids and sent in a few special forces . 
  the sheer logistics involved in setting up an invasion like iraq or afghanistan is immense . 
  i doubt the eu with several languages , probably incompatible kit and outside of nato no real command structure . 
  i 'd be amazed if they could conduct an invasion of even a 3rd world country . 
  forget the concept of whether a war is just or not for the moment that is not the point , the eu needs to get better at flexing its muscles to defend it 's interests where ever they may be . 
  war games and strategy do n't play nice with ideals , the idea is to understand and prepare for any threat not rest on laurels until someone strolls in and kills us . 
  in all seriousness i 'd like to see those 1.5 million engage in a proper war before i pass any judgement . 
  the us ( uk and france too ) have well-tested armies who have engaged in some serious battles with significant deployments . 
  the other armies ? 
  not so much . 
  sending a few hundred troops to support others is not the same as having a full on deployment . 
  it depends how he plays it , if he has some sense and some good diplomats he can use this as a spring board for the whole eu to define what it stands for . 
  the uk gets a lot of shit but we 're not the only country with a sizable eurosceptic element . 
  hell , even germany has an anti-euro party now . 
  the eu needs to define what it 's for now more than ever or else it risks lurching from crisis to crisis without any clarity . 
  the next recession could well and truly see the eu end , moreso if greece has a rough ride in the next few weeks . 
  hmm i think there 'll be a greek election soon if that 's true . 
  cyprus should help us out, 
  meh , i normally whinge about the uk but i liked it !, 
  for once i do n't think the uk deserves to be doing so bad . 
  it was a decent song and lithuania should be much much better, 
  lithuania you deserve more !, 
  i am equally confused, 
  no offence italy but i hope you do n't win : / this voting is daft . 
  eh , for once i actually liked our song . 
  and that 's just the men !, 
  if that does n't strike fear into your enemies nothing will !, 
  kinda , but some of the lyrics and pronunciation is terrible, 
  ireland you mean . 
  my russian wife chuckled about it when we were in spain , i may have got something wrong as it was a while ago :d, 
  russian salad in spain is actually called spanish salad in russia . 
  it 's a bizarre thing . 
  the tories have made it a lot harder , which is frankly stupid of them . 
  i think the uk has seen too much `` low-skilled '' immigration , i for one would be very happy to have more high-skilled people coming in . 
  recruiting for software developers is tricky and is pushing up costs ( admittedly this benefits me in the short term but if people ca n't hire here and setup businesses elsewhere then the uk will suffer in the long term ) . 
  no , i have , i promise you . 
  it 's still shit . 
  and for many people probably true enough . 
  unlike eastern europe and southern europe our day to day life is not touched by corruption , we 're not perfect but better than others . 
  the countries many of us aspire to be more like e.g. 
  the nordics , i think we do n't trust our government that much . 
  i think you got that the wrong way around . 
  it 's a bad policy in the first place . 
  cap should not exist . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2x8d4t--0v4 ) or [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uwwfe4dayao ), 
  hang on a second now , do n't even joke about taking away cheese .
