  this assumes a homogenous shared culture . 
  this might be true for the majority of westerners but we should not forget there are cultures whose values are highly different to our own . 
  these ideas that areworth fighting for will entirely depend on the culture . 
   i 'm not talking about extremism , not even about a societal model . 
  i can live in a socialist or a capitalist society , this is n't the point . 
  if the model does n't suit me , i 'll try to rally people to change it . 
  in any society if you 're rallying people to change the fundemental nature of the system then you are an `` extremist '' by definition . 
   i 'm talking about basic rights and freedoms . 
  this is a very western viewpoint and one which i share , but that does not inherently make it right . 
  those rights and freedoms will vary across culture and history . 
   reality is heartless . 
  i know . 
   are you in disagreement with the principle of self-defence ? 
  of course not , but self-defence and defence of an idea are not necessarily the same thing . 
   how would you react if some people showed up at your door ( or your neighbour 's ) with the clear intent of killing you because you wrote something they did n't like ? 
  this one is possibly more subtle than intended . 
  the `` right '' to speak ones mind is one that i agree with and given a choice i would always err on the side of freedom of speech . 
  however , we have seen events where some muslims have protested against the uk army as dead soldiers are brought home and the counter protests by english/british facists . 
  this has led to groups fighting and the genuinely bereaved families suffering much indignity . 
  whose rights should we protect here ? 
  if we accept the muslims have the right to protest against something they see as wrong then we must also accept the right-wing nutjobs have the right to counter that . 
  if we protect the rights of the family to have their loved ones treated with respect then we must accept that freedom of speech has limitations . 
  those limitations are then agreed upon by societal norms which as we know is a fluid and subjective thing . 
  to go back to your point , how would i react ? 
  well , i might consider what i wrote before writing it . 
  self-censorship is not brilliant but as you said the reality of life is somewhat different from the abstract idea and if we know that writing something ( or drawing cartoons say ) is going to lead to a murderous response and the state/society is not going to protect us then i , personally , would proceed with caution . 
  i dislike this level of pragmatism and applaud those that do what they do but without self-censorship and legal censorship then if we adopted your approach society would be a lot more brutal . 
   do you support arresting such people ? 
  if lethal force is needed , would you accept its use ? 
  attempted or actual murder is a crime so yes they should be arrested within the confines of law . 
  self-defence is an acceptable defence in law so yes if needed i would use it . 
   certain ideas and who is to determine what ideas are worth killing for ? 
  more pointedly is the defence of a minority always the best choice ? 
  a capitalist in a communist society will be excluded as would be true for the inverse , regardless of the societal model people will always tend to a norm , even if they tolerate a moderate deviation from that . 
  homoegenous societies will tend to function better over the long term because there is no `` us '' and `` them '' . 
  in summary what is worth fighting for is subject relative to society , and what norms there are and sadly those who do fight will be seen as extremists . 
  there are no absolutes , we can only gauge societies relative to each other . 
  but that was not my point , an islamist or christian extremist or maybe even a simple socialist the system will seek to repress you if you do not conform to the norm . 
  thanks for posting !, 
  though i can now see my maths skills are quite rusty :\\, 
  hmm good point !, 
  the ghost walk in york is brilliant !, 
  i 've been on [ this walk ] ( http://www.ghosthunt.co.uk/ ) about 4 or 5 times over the last decade :-), 
  so , here 's what i 'd suggest you do if you come over to the uk ... 
  arrive in dover ( probably ) spend a couple of days in london simply because you must . 
  but then head west going to [ oxford ] ( http://www.visitoxfordandoxfordshire.com/ ) and seeing the university before headin on to [ stonehenge ] ( http://www.english-heritage.org.uk/daysout/properties/stonehenge/ ) . 
  the move north towards bristol and then dive into the welsh countryside and stop off at [ aberwystwyth ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aberystwyth ) then follow the coast around some beautiful scenery and stop off at [ conwy ] ( http://www.conwy.com/ ) or [ caernarfon ] ( http://www.caernarfon-castle.co.uk/ ) . 
  if you like birds you might want to check out [ puffin island ] ( http://www.puffinisland.org.uk/ ) drive on to [ manchester ] ( http://www.visitmanchester.com/\u200e ) and see the sights there and move north again through to the [ lake district ] ( http://www.lakedistrict.gov.uk/ ) or take a slight deviation and check out [ chatsworth house ] ( http://www.chatsworth.org/ ) and then drive up to where grantw01 suggests . 
  then you can cut across country to [ newcastle ] ( http://www.newcastlegateshead.com/ ) and get a boat on to yur next country :-) edit : links, 
   we 'll play ball when china shows signs of not ignoring the wto when it suits them . 
  i 'm sure china says the same about the eu . 
  we 're not exactly squeaky clean on this front either . 
   i think we 've got that balance right . 
  the eu policy on that matter does n't protect products or markets , it protects brands . 
  but too much  article 33 1 . 
  the objectives of the common agricultural policy shall be : ( a ) to increase agricultural productivity by promoting technical progress and by ensuring the rational development of agricultural production and the optimum utilisation of the factors of production , in particular labour ; ( b ) thus to ensure a fair standard of living for the agricultural community , in particular by increasing the individual earnings of persons engaged in agriculture ; % ( c ) to stabilise markets ; ( d ) to assure the availability of supplies ; ( e ) to ensure that supplies reach consumers at reasonable prices . %  c , d and e are all elements of food security . 
  yeah , i 'm sure the treaty says lots of pretty things , but reality is somewhat different . 
  much like certain countries selling their stakes in nationalised companies . 
  cap is misguided , results in higher prices for consumers and thus they end up paying twice - once via taxation to fund cap and then higher prices in shops . 
  there are easier and cheaper means to achieve food security than cap . 
  also , re point b - why the hell is that there ? 
  it should not be the concern of the eu how many people are employed in agriculture or if more mechanisation is used at the cost of labour . 
  the whole thing is a croc of shite that should be removed as an offence against humanity . 
  all systems repress . 
  you 're espousing continual murder/death/war, 
   i note that you see the merit of protectionism for specific purposes and am satisfied with that . 
  `` see merit '' is possibly over stating it . 
  i understand the rationale for it and in some extreme cases i would agree with it . 
  the example of dumping is a good reason to have some protectionism . 
  however , such basic defences should first and foremost be dealt with via the world trade organisation . 
  individual nations or blocs should not take it upon themselves to proscribe such things . 
  equally , i can understand the champagne region wanting to maintain their brand and using international and trade law to protect themselves and thus prevent immitators spoiling that brand but it should not stop others from creating sparkling white wines . 
  so , my view of protectionism is more in-line with what would be illegal under national competition laws . 
  i do n't think we should funnel money in to subsidising farmers simply to keep the french middle classes happy . 
  the argument of food security is laughable since cap funding has bugger all to do with that . 
   how long will that last , though ? 
  they also have engineers in china , and their advantages of scale and sheer size will ultimately still give them the upper hand in price wars where the last company standing wins . 
  indeed , the sheer numbers are frightening . 
  however , the world caters for different things . 
  bollywood still exists and is successful despite hollywood existing . 
  local cultures and markets will still exist and regulation should not cater to the lowest common denominator since externalities affect everyone . 
  but to spend billions protecting italian shoe-makers simply because they are italian shoe-makers who happen to make shoes that are truly a commodity and offer little else over any other shoe imposes costs on the rest of us . 
  now , compare that scenario to a ferrari which are desired the world over . 
  parma cheese is an interesting one since by using the name it must come from the region and thus cheap immitations are not allowed . 
  same in theory for many food stuffs and traditional products . 
  this is a form of protectionism but at least it makes some sense . 
  champagne must come from the region otherwise it is sparkling white wine , and cava has shown that you can try and raise brand awareness . 
  i kind of lost my point due to getting distracted but the essence is that protectionism for the sake of it is not going to help us . 
  and if the eu can not compete globally it will sink relative to the rest of the planet that does . 
  i 've just watched the tv series [ vikings ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2306299/?ref_=fn_al_tt_1 ) and they certainly do seem to be quite liberal  i do think that the evolution of anglo-saxon law and the acceptance even relatively early on that not even a king is above the law was the basis for a lot of freedoms now enjoyed . 
  cleary , i 'm romanticising this a bit but i do think there is some truth to it . 
   assuming transport costs remain low . 
  scrap that , transport costs have never been low - we 've just not been taking the long-term environmental cost into account . 
  so we get a strawberry farm delivering strawberries grown near city a to city b , and a strawberry farm near city delivering strawberries to city a. 
  in other words , a waste of time , energy and ecological integrity in order to save a few bucks . 
  if we cared about those things so much then we 'd use seasonal foods and not waste so much money of so many things . 
  the reason we do those things is because people will pay for it - we have strawberries all year round from all corners of the planet . 
  but that is what people want . 
   this should , of course , be product-based , not country-based . 
  then the companies can choose for themselves whether they think it 's worth the trouble to produce that way .
