  oddly , people just increased their day rates . 
  source : i was part of the mess as a developer and worked with several doctors who worked as consultants who basically earned 6 figure salaries for doing not a lot . 
  in all seriousness the nhs project is a prime example of exactly how not to run a large , complex it project . 
  there are even guest oyster cards that dont have the deposit iirc . 
  or these days just use contactless . 
  also there is sooo much free stuff to do , you can avoid the things like sea life and madam tussauds which are the same the world over . 
  go to the natural history museum , st james park , kensington park , national gallery , tate modern & britain . 
  or , heaven forbid go out of the capital to places like oxford , conwy , snowdon etc , 
  [ here 's ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_british_cheeses ) a better list . 
  and 3 counties . 
  you forgot lancashire cheese, 
  talk about damning with faint praise . 
  `` grown more than italy '' in the economic sense is like the worst `` yo mamma '' joke ever ; it 's an insult . 
  but what do you mean by `` countries '' ? 
  the voters ? 
  the politicians ? 
   the corruption the crisis revealed shook society to its core and helped topple the two-party system . 
  er , you mean the worlds worst open secret was finally acknowledged ? 
  to plead ignorance is ridiculous . 
  all the greeks i know knew about this before 2010 , much like corruption in spain and italy . 
   northern europeans have only just in the last few months started to realise something 's seriously wrong . 
  no , they 've buried their heads in the sand for the last decade because as has been discussed at length elsewhere the euro was never about economics only politics ; it was a drive to force unification whether it was liked or not . 
  ever since maastricht and lisbon there 's been an understanding that the whole thing is intractable and increasingly unpopular but by delaying the hope was that there would be either some `` big '' event that would force the issue or that things would get better . 
  the european motto should be `` do n't do today what can be kicked in to the long grass and made someone else 's problem in the future '' . 
  i always donate to charity, 
   eu-sterity dammit , i was hoping to be original and claim penmanship of the phrase but it appears it already appeared in the economist in 2013 . 
  so yeah , i 'm fine if it sinks . 
  it would be entertaining to see if germany favours eu-sterity . 
   they were kicking and punching a closed jewelry shop the probably thought it was a take away . 
  it is percentages ... it 's greek accounting , 
  beating france \\ o /, 
  even as someone who is a eurosceptic i find the lack of leadership and engagement over the future vision and shape of europe to be mind boggling . 
  i dont think any anti-eu/euro group could wreck the eu any better than it 's currently doing to itself by supposed pro-europeans . 
  at what point are the supposed elites going to sit down and come up with credible plans for europe future ? 
  yep !, 
  plenty of chances then , 
  two families have a bit of a fight and it only ends when they marry another . 
  hint upon request , 
  it 's not cynical enough . 
  the euro was purely a political exercise . 
  wtf are you dribbling about ? 
  [ here 's ] ( https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?hl=en&amp;q=monetary+union+without+fiscal+&amp;btng=&amp;as_sdt=1%2c5&amp;as_sdtp= ) a link to lots of academic articles on the matter . 
  the basic principle however is quite straightforward , if you have a monetary union in which there is a centralised authority to issue money then there needs to be some control for each member on how it spends its income ( or more realistically - how it manages its economy ) . 
  a country in a monetary union can not logically continue to issue debt without some consideration for the other members otherwise a member could keep issuing debt with no constraint and thus burden the other members with the debt ( or cause itself to become bankrupt and hence exit the union ) . 
  there are a few historical examples of the above but for the life of me i ca n't remember which ones . 
  a coordinated fiscal policy ( e.g. 
  maastricht treaty ) should limit the parameters of the members so that they never over burden the others and/or find themselves in a position in which they are forced out . 
  but those rates are on the assumption that the ecb will keep printing money to ensure that they remain solvent . 
  if there was even a wobble in the backing for those countries their rates/cost of borrowing would sky rocket . 
  why do you think greek bonds were so low for so long ? 
  it was because it was always assumed that the ez ( read germany ) would bail the currency out . 
  now there is the prospect of a grexit greek borrowing has been more expensive . 
  until spain , portugal , ireland and eventually italy succumb . 
  you 're deluded if you think that this is all and solely about greece . 
  germany was instrumental in setting up these institutions , and equally instrumental in breaking its own rules ( maastricht ) . 
  write offs happen all the time . 
  banks have been filled with non-performing loans so yes , debt does get written off and hence `` disappear '' . 
  yeah , but that decoupling is n't a magic bullet . 
  leaving the euro may `` solve '' some of greece 's problems but it will create a thousand more . 
  you could ask the same of the eu . 
  they always have one plan no matter how dumb . 
  the issue is that i seriously doubt there is a single , shared and agreed view of what the eu looks like long term . 
  cracks have been papered over to make things work but this can no longer continue . 
  i hope so , while i am largely eurosceptic based on the current format there are a lot of positives that we can build on to make us all the more prosperous , free and happy !, 
  but the greek debacle does n't give me much hope :(, 
  the drachma would fall in value by what ? 
  even assuming the eu performs legal dances to ensure they stay in the eu and only exit the ez there is no chance that greece would be able to fund anything on debt in the open markets and guess what - would rely on the imf and eu for funds to keep it afloat . 
  unless i missed something greece does n't exactly have a competitive export led market economy that would benefit massively from a reduced exchange rate . 
  whatever happens to greece it 's going to take a decade at least to resolve and neither path is great . 
  well , this is the online world and reddit is a circlejerk at the best of times . 
  i 've been a eurosceptic here for such a long time that i almost give up trying to mention reforming cap  the reality is since the lisbon treaty things have not been going well for project europe . 
  in this case greece drew the short straw and got shafted so as to avoid future moral hazard but it could have been 1 of many countries . 
  the eu has lacked a leader and a purpose and for most things have been comfy enough to plod along without rocking any boats yet never bad enough to force real change . 
  i know the uk always puts itself in a stupid position in europe but there needs to be a genuine negotiation over the future of europe maybe that means very weak federalisation with some groups closer than others but if the greek crisis has shown us anything it is that we need plan a , b and c ready and waiting we ca n't keep muddling along . 
  that greece is so close to becoming a failed state ( relatively speaking ) should frighten the european elites in to action . 
  sadly they 'll be back to bitching and back-biting before you know it . 
  er , i 'd hardly call it amazing . 
  tsipras knows he 's screwed and so is greece and with the majority wanting to remain inside the ez he 's tried and failed to make it much better . 
  ca n't blame him for trying as such but he 's probably been as big a problem as the debt itself . 
  had greece rolled over and not votd in the syrzia party then they 'd probably be fine by now . 
  they really would n't , there is no `` better '' for them . 
  i think one possible positive out of this is that it will force a proper debate about the future of europe , the eu and ez . 
  possibly even allowing for multiple views to compete for peoples attention . 
  hopefully it will signal the end of the forced views of one or two countries . 
  if this deal is as bad as it sounds then it will be a good day for eurosceptics . 
  hint : they 're not . 
  there 's a whole host of other voters in the ez that are n't greek that would be required to take the hit should greece default . 
  merkel would be crucified in the next election if she caved in . 
  further to that , it creates one hell of a moral hazard for the likes of spain , ireland , portugal and maybe even italy who suddenly wonder why they should bother forcing their voters to accept tough conditions when they can hold out and negotiate , basically it 's mad but with economic policy . 
  `` people '' only value democracy when it agrees with them . 
  it 's because germany is the big power . 
  if it were just estonia or a few of the smaller countries france and/or germany would look for a way to steamroller over them . 
  students are n't going to be a happy bunch though . 
  how about france hands back calais to the english and we can sort it out from there ? 
  nope , bond prices were good for greece - much like they are good for spain , italy and others - is simply because pre-2010 everyone assumed that the euro was permanent and thus the ez would do everything and anything to keep it . 
  basically membership of the ez is backed by german creditworthiness . 
  sure the bankers were using all sorts of technical analysis to make short term decisions but when the inevitable house of cards came crashing down the ez was supposed to bail everyone out . 
  had greece played ball like the others then all would be good and i 'm sure behind the scenes greece would be kept in a good state . 
  the problem was greece had to and be seen to bow to the common good of the ez regardless of the immediate impact to greece . 
  if greece did n't need any new debt then yeah ok , greek debt is sustainable .
