  how do you think people would respond ? 
  on a wider note of politicians and the economic wreck being created in greece and the ez well yeah , there 's not much to say other than peopel tend to vote for their short-term benefit and to hell with the consequences . 
  :(  no one foresaw the financial crash do n't kid yourself , this crash was as obvious as it was preventable but those who said such things got ignored by those in power as nay-sayers and eurosceptics . 
  it has always been a case of `` when '' rather than `` if '' . 
  the entire crisis would have been averted had the eu set out a decent fiscal stance and laid down laws/rules which would have been obeyed but even germany and france made a mockery of it all with the maastricht criteria . 
  now please do n't get me wrong i have much sympthay with the younger folk who are experiencing hardship , but it is not unique a cursory glance at socio-political history would show this . 
  typical drama queen . 
  shall we create a reality tv program about it ? 
   there are people that ca n't even follow instructions from ikea . 
  so why do we let them stand for election ? 
  or more to the ponit how the hell do they get elected ? 
  yes it is . 
   sigh i 'm starting to hate the generation that now has ~ 50 years they totally fucked us up , keep fucking us up , they are greedy , uneducated , impolite , racist , selfish and stuck in idiotic left and right ideologies . 
  whilst i am not in my 50s or even near it i do find myself starting to hate the 20-somethings as they overly simplify complex situations without any consideration of actual consequences and as such are highly idealistic . 
   europe 's present leaders are a joke , compared to those in the past decades . 
  those of the past were the ones who laid the foundations for the current house of sand . 
  the current crop of ~ ~ fools ~ ~ ~ ~ leaders ~ ~ politicians lack any courage and their convictions are as fluid as the polls . 
  it 'd be nice to have a leader , even if they were wrong at least it 'd be something to angry at . 
  being angry at the current lot is like being angry with a particularly slow child who continues to make the same mistake despite years of patient correction . 
  which is to my mind , a terrible way of doing things . 
  if you 're using fear to force through political changes you have lost all claims to be a valid democracy . 
  it 's as valid as holding a gun to everyones head while they vote to make sure they vote the right way . 
  orwell would be amused and scared . 
  you make many fine points and it highlights how poorly the whole ez thing was thought out . 
  we live in interesting times , that 's f ` sure . 
  greece is the pebble that starts the avalanche . 
  should greece leave the ez for one reason or another it is very likely we 'll see portugal , spain ireland and maybe even italy leave , what was one conutry having problems suddenly becomes the failure of the entire bloc . 
   first of all , i 'm human . 
  please [ provide some proof ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/f/f8/internet_dog.jpg ) . 
  so it 's gonig to be nd + pasok + ? 
  thanks for the hint :-) we 'll buy france in august when it 's emptied , 
  even as a eurosceptic i am a bit wary of the `` wrong '' vote because the consequences will be truly global . 
  look back at ww1 and the events that triggered that , they seemed commically inconsequential at the time and i think greece voting the wrong way could set off a similar chain of events . 
  sadly , i dont think there is a right outcome for greece or the eu . 
  it seems to be either federate or bust . 
  neither are attractive imho . 
  maybe on monday . 
  if the greeks vote the `` wrong '' way then we 'll be able to buy it a lot more cheaply . 
   without realizing that it would n't be about a swedish voice , it would be about individual european voices that 's not really true , in the us each state fights its own corner for a share of the [ federal budget ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pork_barrel ) and , thanks to human tribalism mixed with language constraints i think it 's fair to say even in a federal europe the concept of a nationstate would exist for a few generations yet . 
  i 'd suggest that you are the one who is wrong . 
  the architects of the euro knew what would happen if there was a simple monetary union and nothing else . 
  they even detailed what steps should be taken to avoid such a crisis . 
  they were ignored because politicians believed it would be too hard to sell to the population and only picked the bits which were `` easy '' . 
  the problem with the eu is that the political elites decieve and lie to do what they think is best . 
  if a federal state is the end goal then put it to the people and see what they say . 
  why ? 
  the uk ended up needing an imf bailout . 
  the problems are not entirely dissimilar . 
  [ it was n't pretty ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/winter_of_discontent ) edit : in response to edit it misses some other information such as  had been fighting for several years against inflation , which had peaked at 26.9 % in the 12 months to august 1975 and  the most notorious action during the winter was the unofficial strike by gravediggers , members of the gmwu , working in liverpool and tameside . 
  as coffins piled up , liverpool city council hired a factory in speke to store them . 
  on 1 february a persistent journalist asked the medical officer of health for liverpool , dr duncan dolton , what would be done if the strike continued for months , dolton speculated that burial at sea would be considered . 
  although his response was hypothetical , in the circumstances it caused great alarm . 
  the gravediggers eventually settled for a 14 % rise after a fortnight 's strike . 
  fair points , but to answer your last one if an economy is doing well it gives the opportunity for things to change if people so wish it . 
  the likes of greece had 10 years of booming economics growth with which to set their house in order . 
  they did n't and are now broke and things are going to get messy . 
  estonia et al have growth in their economies , sure things will be shit for a while but with the willpower of the people it is possible to turn corruption around . 
  the uk went through similar things in the 70s . 
   which includes 63 % cuts to coal subsidies wtf ?!, 
  why is coal being subsidised ? 
  edit : found [ this ] ( http://www.eubusiness.com/members/climateanswers/spain-coal.1 ) which is quite interesting , it suggests that the cuts are not solely because of austerity measures . 
  clever folk those rothschilds, 
  i 'd be iterested in hearing from any folks from the baltics and what their experience were . 
  rubbish . 
  i loathe and despise the murdoch empire as much as the next person but i am still capable of being eurosceptic . 
  hell , i 'd even go so far as to say that the current ez crisis vindicates the position . 
   if we give up the liability principle , the european market economy will lose its most important allocative virtue : the careful selection of investment opportunities by creditors . 
  we would then waste part of the capital generated by the arduous savings of earlier generations . 
  ** i am surprised that the president of the world 's most successful capitalist nation would overlook this . 
  ** emphasis mine and that really made me chuckle . 
  i did n't thinkt he ny times was so naive . 
   the real driving force behind the eu over the past 40 years was the cowardice and opportunism of national governments , indeed . 
  a very good article . 
  you are correct , my mistake though i stand by the principle of what i meant , 
  and yet you remain suspiciously calm ... 
  not all people are in all fora and it is an interesting peice of news . 
  but thanks all the same , 
   if this is indeed the real solution for a stong euro and a strong europe with strong values then this should have been done much earlier . 
  perhaps the euro should have been planned with federalization from the start . 
  they tried , peopel said `` no '' - and not just the british , the treaty of lisbon which was the forerunner for political integration was rejected by several nations and the others were too afraid to have a referendum . 
  the politicians are usign the spectre of `` economic meltdown '' to force through something that the population has routinely shown itself to be against . 
  ninja edit : italy will not likely get a bail out , even germany can not save all the piigs . 
  it 's scary because such indoctrination of children is wrong on any level , be it religion or nationalism . 
   interestingly the opposite is true in wales , they love their flag . 
  it has a dragon on it , what 's not to love ? 
  as a brit who visited a few us schools it 's scary that you guys have flags everywhere and do the national anthem thing . 
   `` you shut up or we 'll vote for an austrian guy again ! '', 
  if schwarzenegger moves to germany it 's time to panic ? 
   said the government could not stand by idly as some companies cut workers just to improve profitability and boost their dividends to shareholders . 
  heaven forbid the management team fulfil the obligation to the owners of the company . 
  it 's shit like this europe that will make us a 3rd world backwater taking handouts off africans in a few generations . 
  and how many people are likely to fall in to that category ? 
  i 'd be surprised if it aws even in the hundreds let alone thousands . 
  either way i doubt it is going to have a massive impact . 
  public spending is not limited to construction . 
  more could be spent on education , supporting start-ups or liberalising protected industries ( a popular one in spain might be pharmacies , the stranglehold they have on local markets is crazy ! ), 
   i think the panorama smear was just to attract more people to the olympics rather than the euro but that is just me . 
  seriously ? 
  i doubt anyones thinking goes along the lines of `` oh sod the football cos there may be a few racist dickhead i 'll go to the olympics instead '' . 
  nah , `` swarthy foreigners '' is what you are :p,
