  the french not performing reforms agreed by the eu and being bellingerent little sods in the process ? 
  surely not !, 
  you 've clearly mastered sarcasm in the time you 've been here , 
  it 's also damned expensive compared to local transactions primarily because you have cross-border risk and lots more agencies poking their nose in . 
   i 'm probably naive but i do think that the last wars we have participated in , have not improved our security rather the opposite . 
  but then i 'm from a mostly harmless country up north , which do n't have much to say anyway . 
  a view i am sympathetic towards , but the problem is knowing what would have happened had we not acted . 
  depending on your moral viewpoint the us/eu should be more interventionalist in order to get rid of ditctators and promote democracies . 
   i just see the problem with sending my children to possible death over french 's or uk 's national interests . 
  if we have an integrated eu then these are no lnoger national interests but shared interests . 
  if we 're going to be one big happy european family then us ex-colonial powers will be bringing our legacy with us . 
  in some cases this will be a benefit for the eu in other cases it wo n't . 
  the point is an eu army will act in the interests of the eu and we will not doubt end up interventionalist like the us since it will become even more evident that our interests do not end at out borders . 
   protecting ~ ~ french ~ ~ european interests in africa is something different . 
  surely that is what you mean ? 
  with all due respect where the fuck is this idyllic history where everyone benefited from societal change ? 
  i get it , you 're not a fan of `` the elite '' but do you honestly think that it made much difference to a dalit whether they were being crushed under the foot of a raj or british bureaucrat ? 
  whatever the rights and the wrongs of the past we need to stop holding our ancestors to some ideal which they would not even recognise and in the context of the times would not even be feasible . 
  if they had n't have been abused by the british then it would have been the french , americans , dutch or belgians ... or even their neighbour tribe . 
  history is written by the winners and as a culture we benefit from being on that winning side . 
  to wrap things in darwinian terms is wrong but as a simplified view there is much to be said for `` survival of the fittest '' . 
  equally , somewhere down your family lineage there will be rape , murder and god knows what else . 
  should you be held to account for their crimes ? 
  i 'm not trying to suggest the empire was perfect , or even good overall . 
  but the guardian and the revisionists are hell bent on self flagellation and `` white guilt '' and utterly ignore the context of the times . 
  well , there was a total lack of investment it was very common to have hose pipe bans ( which persists in some areas ) . 
  a lot of people would blame this on the tories in the 80s but the water company was bloated with too many staff and used as a sinecure for retiring mps much like other nationalised industries . 
   we do n't learn about the things we got wrong , like how we , along with other imperialist powers yes we do . 
  the guardian is very keen on revisionism and an apologist for every wrong ( right or perceived ) that the uk has done . 
   basementsurfing.org how about dungeonsurfing ? 
  stop the circlejerking and confront reality . 
  i agree with much of the principle of what you say but nationalised water in england was worse than the privatised companies . 
  complain to ofwat that 's what regulators are for . 
  did you miss the 00s ? 
  times were awesome !, 
  the only reason why japan can pull off such massive debt is due to the equally massive internal savings . 
  they have much lower dependency on foriegners to fund their deficit . 
   it really is no coincidence that the youth unemployment rate is much higher than the average unemployment specially in those countries with higher minimum wages . 
  indeed it is not !, 
  quick let 's tax the rich !!!!!!, 
  and what is happening to cap ? 
  an upvote for effort . 
  i can accept it is not clear cut , things rarely are so tidy in reality . 
  but simply throwing money at the problem when collectively we are in no position to do so is an absurdity i find hard to explain let alone justify . 
  we 're like gamblers stood at the roulette table putting a coin again and again on a number and hoping it comes up . 
  structural funds to help eu-wide are in principle a sensible idea but if the past decade and a half have shown us anything it is that the results are mixed at best and ineffective at worst . 
  even within existing treaties , particularly around free market trade within the bloc , there is a lot of scope for getting things improved but sadly certain countries are protectionist by nature and refuse to engage . 
  at its heart this is the reason for my continued euroscepticism . 
  i am ambivalent about the concept of the eu though i appreciate its logic . 
  however , that this implementation of the eu is not only unwilling but seemingly unable to enforce rules it has already put in place it gives me little faith that any solution to th ecurrent crisis is `` more europe '' . 
   there are plenty of science initiatives that remain underfunded or worse . 
  find me meps that are actively pursuing , or inded national politicians that are making headway in this . 
  money is found for cap , for the farce that is the 6-month rotating move to strasbourg . 
  `` administration '' is expensive at the eu level . 
  so why should those governments with money ( basically germany ) send money to the eu only for them to take 5 % as `` admin fees '' to then spend across the eu ineffectively ? 
  no-one spends money worse than governments . 
  and i 'm not just talking at the eu level i mean all aspects of government . 
  better to ensure that businesses and individuals have money to invest . 
  then why the hell do the french need their ego massaging on a daily basis ? 
  i understand there is a ideological viewpoint to all this and i 'm sure we 've been round this discussion often enough to know where the lines are . 
  but simply prining money in the vain hope that more money pissed against cap and other white elephants is going to solve nothing . 
  the eu should defer this to member states and if any of them has the sense to come up with an idea like cern iii or something then sell those ideas to their european colleagues then i 'd be all in favour of it . 
  the eu machine has demonstrated a complete and utter inability to spend money sensible . 
  why we should give them more i do n't know . 
  maybe andalucia needs a few more shitty roads to nowhere building that in a few years will degrade so much that it 'd amaze a passer by how new they are . 
  every other government in europe is cutting its budget . 
  why ca n't the eu ? 
   this is excellent news , but was a victory because cameron actually engaged with europe and sought out allies in the likes of denmark , sweden and the netherlands . 
  yes , but it would have been for nought had germany not swung behind the uk . 
  france had lined up the usual suspects : spain , italy , poland and no doubt a few others . 
  it 's the rest of his comment that boggles the mind . 
  it 's like he expects the eu budget to grow forever with no stop because surely to cut it is `` poor financial planning '' . 
  this guy is the very definition of an insane politican . 
  best discussion ... ever , 
  i like you . 
  i understand that but the bit that gets me is the eu is sold as bringing us all together is solidarity , working for the good of the eu . 
  but the reality is that each country/region/city is out to milk it for all it can with little to no regard to the common good . 
  and yet , we 're told it is a wonderful thing . 
  did n't you see the cap ? 
  clearly their needs should be put first , 
  it 's shit like this eu ... 
  you 're an mep arent you ? 
  i said `` new '' hadrians wall , we 'd move it up a bit so it is closer to the border . 
  indeed , contracting for the new hadrian wall will take time !, 
  austerity is not meant to solve the problem of unemployment it is trying to solve the problem of not having a solvent country . 
  26 % is bad , but it 's pretty damned good compared to what * could * ( stress could ) happen if the country actually went insolvent . 
  growing ? 
  or people just starting to care about more ? 
  the [ us ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-21261323 ) is not doing so well it turns out . 
  in other news the uk and netherlands form a joint venture in the icelandic banking sector ... 
  i was being sarcastic, 
   except it 's not . 
  as i pointed out , it 's worked extremely well for the us . 
  they were at the epicentre of the entire crisis , and they 're essentially recovered already , with steady growth and a much improved job market . 
  meanwhile we 're stuck standing still . 
  the uk job market is improving , only this month we saw a decrease in unemployment with more full time jobs added . 
  the us is not in a brilliant position there is a lot of political concern about the debt ceiling and major discussions about spending . 
  we 'd better wait a few years at least before declaring everything a success . 
  and as i said the us is a major reserve currency . 
  we simply are not that powerful anymore .
