  indeed the uk has done a reasonable job of goldplating eu legislation . 
  france ( and others ) seem to make the rules and then ignore them . 
  this perception pisses off a lot of people ( not least see maastricht ) . 
  the eu is a not very democratic and as we have seen in italy and greece when push comes to shove the establishment knows best ( tm ) 5 . 
  many of the older british folk who were able to vote on eu membership felt they were missold . 
  they mainly wanted a free trade area and instead ended up with the threat of political union . 
  given our culturual outlook it is harder for the uk to build alliances within the eu ( e.g. 
  free market v protectionism ) . 
  edit : 7 . 
  as this [ comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/11qo1q/brexit_europe_loses_patience_with_london/c6osgq5 ) notes the behaviour of the eu to criticism is not well handled . 
  you think that 'll increase support ? 
  i can quite easily see that hardening opinions against the eu . 
  edit : typo, 
  the incitement to violence is a step too far :p, 
  this is the eurojerk , many people will agree with him and at time of writing he has 45 upvotes ... it 's tragic on many levels . 
  they are not over-fishing to chase profit more to meet quotas that they may lose . 
  if it were left to the market prices would fall and the profit would decrease . 
  in this case government intervention is keeping prices artificially high . 
  it is interesting that smaller entities want to break free from their larger parts ( e.g. 
  scotland , catalonia ) only to hand over power to a much larger superanational entity over which they will have even less influence . 
  i imagine that the scots et al believe they will gain more by being a smaller voice in the eu than a larger voice in their own country as it currently stands . 
  it is interesting that this segregation is taking place especially for catalonia who believe they are economically strong but held back/contributing too much to spain . 
  are we going to see the rich and poor parts of states split up and form new alliances that are not bound by geography ? 
  i 'm reasoanbly well educated on the eu and i have no idea what difference meps make . 
  they are some of the most useless humans to grace the planet . 
  it would flee to new york , dubai or somewhere else . 
   high speed trading does not create liqudity citation ? 
  it really does provide liquidity . 
  it was mentioned elsewhere in this thread but the `` problem '' that is solved by hft and other modes of improving liquidity is the `` transaction cost '' coase did a lot of research on this in the 1930s iirc . 
  finance is a real part of the economy and we are all directly involved in it is some way - often via pension funds . 
  investment strategies are real and vary between people , these people make judgement calls on the future perceived value of a company and that value may alter their position on a variety of things . 
  as a result they may want to hedge their investments to limit losses or do a whole host of things that are routinely done in `` real '' businesses . 
  for example , if you wish to hedge your bets about how much of a product you can sell you may only produce a few hundred units at first but have the capacity to produce thousands if it sells well . 
  finance has similar concepts . 
  because you do not see a benefit for the `` real economy '' does not necessarily mean one does not exist . 
  edit : an investment will boost real production through providing liquidity to investors . 
  to take a contrived example lets say an investor invests in startup companies ( venture capital ) and sells out once they reach a certain size . 
  if the investor is unable to sell his shares and realise his gains then he will not be able to invest in startup companies . 
  equally , for ftse companies if an investor needs to sell an asset - or wants to buy one because he thinks it will provide a better return than sticking it in a bank account - then liquidity is important . 
  +1 for coase . 
  the problem for many nations is that they are running deficits that are not sustainable hence the need for `` austerity '' . 
  i do n't dispute your points as they are ones i would largely agree with but they ignore the fact that many countries , indeed most countries have seen their debt increase against gdp during the boom . 
  most of the last 20 years has been paid for on credit which some are now struggling to pay back . 
  if italy were to not have a budgetary surplus then it would bring down the eurozone in the matter of days its debt levels are insane , especially when coupled with the systemic corruption in parts of the country and its dramatic loss of economic competitiveness . 
  in addition to the ideas you put forward the eu should embrace the concept of low debt governments . 
  and what is the correct medicine ? 
  then you are incredibly naive . 
  argentina has a lot of problems which will knock it back quite a bit . 
  it is largely frozen from international debt markets and only oil has stopped it from collapsing . 
  that said the state seized the oil producer which has caused problems and more worrying the state is blatently lying about inflation figures and is desperately trying to stop capital flight . 
  give argentina a little mroe time and it will be back in the stone age . 
  the french can defend almost anything see the maginot line . 
  i think your use of the word `` absolutely '' is justified in this case . 
  brave , brave sir robin ... 
  is your mother involved ? 
   i know they do it so the eu is self-sufficient in food but we should be aiming to be self-sufficient in energy instead . 
  this is a very good point . 
  consumer habits are the main problem with food . 
  a casual glance at the supermarket shelf shows food imported from all over the world instead of keeping mostly local and seasonal foods . 
  whilst i am grateful for peppers and melon all year round i dont think it should be the driver behind funding farmers . 
  far more important is the dependance of europe on russia and the middle east for its energy . 
  if there 's two regions you dont want to be dependant on its those !, 
  could you provide some context for the data ? 
  the axis is not labelled and it 's not clear what it shows . 
  the `` free market '' is not so free . 
  scrap the cap . 
  invest in something more worthwhile like science and technology . 
  why the hell france a first world developed nation is recieiving 17 % of the budget is beyond me . 
  it should have shifted to the east and south a long time ago . 
  bash the british for their rebate but fuck me the french are worse . 
  he for one welcomes his new german overlords , 
  not sure if your first sentence is serious - if the eu cared about food independance they 'd stop ruinous behaviour which is practically encouraged by cap and why is tobacco covered by the cap ? 
  i 'm not suggesting germany is blameless they 've played the political game as well as any , turns outthey played it a lot better than anyone imagined at the time . 
  it is issues like cap which make the eu a joke to my mind and why we may all be better off taking a bit of a breather and deciding what the eu should be . 
  cap made sense 30 years ago ( maybe ) but now it looks outdated , protectionist and rewards wealthy landowners . 
  absurd !, 
   there should have been some mechanism to regulate this , there was , it was routinley ignored  how smart were the ecb and bundesbank in those days ? . 
  very , but one way or another they kept of the political sphere and when times were good the piigs ( and others ) made hay to the extent that the scorched the earth and are now crying because the only places left are ones who were more modest . 
  on a personal level i have much sympathy for the people who are suffering in greece and elsewhere , but on a macro level it has been a slow car-crash over a decade ( same for us in the uk ) . 
  `` we '' only have ourselves to blame . 
  germany has been model citizen and who can blame them for not wanting to fund the idiotic policies of other countries ? 
  one of the worst offenders of eu rules is france . 
  markets are not simple beasts they are an aggregate of mostly human actors who have different objectives and strategies but basically the liquidity has to go somewhere and if you 're a smart cookie you can try and manipulate the situation to your advantage . 
  also some behaviours are systemic due to the nature of the bail out . 
   `` we have to protect the money of eu taxpayers , especially in this time of the crisis '' in which case i wish they 'd stop pissing it against the wall on cap and a lot of other worthless projects . 
  money does provide certain freedoms . 
  to confiscate it is removing freedoms from those individuals . 
  it * is * a pro-eu circlejerk . 
  absolutely , sadly everything the eu does shows that it is getting less transparent , less accountable and more of a self interested talking shop . 
  the us had many faults but they sorted out their banking crisis a lot better than we have . 
  now we have even more moral hazard though . 
  definitely a horny banker with a whip !, 
  not sure why the uk is ambiguous it is quite clear that we have the church of england and church of scotland . 
  a bigger restriction to the free market is that few countries follow the laws as they should . 
  could it be more leading ? 
  i can almost guess the outcome - it 'll suggest more subsidies for farmers because people said they want x , y , z. 
   i do agree , however how can one save if there is a huge debt ? 
  paying off the debt is kinda saving money and giving more room for bad times ( less interest which needs to be paid back ) in the future . 
  it 's sad how little peopl realise this . 
  take italy , it 's debt repayments dwarf most department budgets .
