  think of it more as taking over the bank and running it as going concern until it can be sold/broken up or whatever . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.oecdbetterlifeindex.org/topics/safety/ ) is what i presume the economist has labelled crime . 
  in some things the us fares badly , in others quite well . 
  and yes , as the economist shows there is indeed a big gap between the top 20 and bottom 20 % compared to other countries . 
   but the proper question must be : why the governments are allowed to bail out their corrupt cronies in the first place ? 
  quickly followed by `` why does our legal system permit this ? '', 
   i honestly do n't understand how the us can score so high on environment , i must be missing something . 
  firstly , it 's `` environment , crime and housing '' , so not just environment . 
  secondly , i 'd say housing is probably a big thing beacuse us houses are massive compared to the majority of eu homes . 
  since land is not as scarce they tend to spread out more . 
  as roflburger points out the epa is very strong and the `` bad '' reputation the us gets is mostly because of its refusal to sign up to climate change treaties as they `` favour '' developing countries e.g. 
  china ( among other things ) . 
  canada by contrast is exploiting its tar sands . 
  edit : [ source ] ( http://www.oecdbetterlifeindex.org/topics/environment/ ) well i may be wrong - looks like the us doesnt do so well on environment , 
   germany is the villain again ? 
  and  [ ... ] this guy should be shot . 
  granted it was poor wordplay but it 's not hard to figure out . 
  you think we should shoot germany ? 
   a more expansive european monetary policy more a case of `` let 's inflate our debt away '' . 
  it seems to be a common southern european tactic . 
   most of ours do n't pop up in the european parliament . 
  it 's the safest place for them , that body is the most ineffectual thing since chocolate teapots . 
   none taken . 
  like we 're the only country with nutjobs !, 
  i 've never quite understood the logic behind the `` regions '' being pro-europe but anti-nation state . 
  what do you think would be achieved by being an even smaller par of a much larger state ? 
  i know women who would love one of those . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2012/05/29/chapter-4-views-of-eu-countries-and-leaders/ ) edit : i 'm mildly surprised by the generally low regard with which germany holds the uk ... * sniff *, 
   it is also then a political problem . 
  everything in the eu boils down to a political problem . 
  fundementally , in a union of any kind there has to be some shared responsibility and surrender of powers but no domestic politicial in a eu country would get elected on a manifesto of giving power away . 
   but the printing of euros or quantitive easing is being prohibited is n't it ? 
  hmmm , define `` prohibited '' ? 
  the ecb is using every trick in the book to ensure that banks have the liquidity they need . 
  are they technically running printing presses ? 
  no , probably not . 
   maybe the problem is so chronic that any printing will lead to hyperinflation . 
  ah ze german disease . 
  no , this is a fear and in some respects a valid one , but inflation is in many ways a desirable thing and the consequences of not dealing with it can be painful ( see japan ) . 
  deflation would kill the eu economy quicker than anything . 
  if the eu economy could `` inflate '' read devalue at about 5 % pa for a few years then we 'd probably be fine so long as the ecb steps in to raise rates later . 
  but can you trust a political entity to do the right thing ? 
  no , probably not . 
  hyperinflation would only take off if the expectations of the market ( and by market i mean everyone in this case ) were to be poorly managed . 
   but that just buys time and the problem has not been improved it seems . 
  you 're right there , we 've `` solved '' a banking crisis at the cost of creating a sovereign debt crisis . 
  quite why we did this i do n't know . 
  if i was in tin foil hat mode i 'd suggest it was a cunning german ploy , but in reality it is probably the combined effects of political ineptitude and fear and the hope that magic will suddenly start working . 
  the majority of the populace appear to want to solve the problems in a painless way . 
  this is not going to be possible . 
  it 's also worth thinking that a lot of the workforce under the age of 40 has probably never seen a serious recession before . 
   i think it 's because the knock on effect if that bank goes bust would be astronomical . 
  then you 're doing banking wrong ( and we have ) if a bank fails then so be it . 
  sadly regulation has been so poor that we 've allowed problems to become systemic . 
   where is the money coming from ? 
  central banks printing money and effectively socialising debt . 
  in the end it will probably be inflated away . 
  you 'd probably find china would be more interested in they can see some value in it . 
  otherwise it 'd be imf and world bank all the way . 
  napolean , 100 years war , 30 years war , ww1 and ww2 . 
  to put it simply the markets assumed that no country would be allowed to fail . 
  it was a reasonable bet and the eu did nothing to counter this . 
  so when we have this superstate how are we going to keep the greeks and/or germans happy ? 
  if debt is mutalised i can see a huge swathe of germany being pretty pissed off . 
  also the greeks will still need some level of austerity to sort out the mess they are in ... how does a superstate solve this ? 
  this absolutely floored my russian partner , but on the day to vote you need nothing , only need to give your name and addres and someone puts a line through on a page . 
  as for registering vote , you fill the data in yourself and send it to the local government . 
  thinking about it i 'm stunned that electoral fraud is n't more widespread !, 
  [ link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/elections_in_the_united_kingdom#polling_procedure ) `` polling stations are usually open from 7am to 10pm on polling day . 
  voters receive a poll card from the returning officer at their local authority with details of their allocated polling place . 
  they are not required to show the poll card ( unless they are an anonymous elector [ 45 ] [ 46 ] ) or any other form of identification at the polling place in order to vote , except in northern ireland '', 
   even the uk may have a case of tax evaders . 
  of course it does and in a few cases id cards may help , but for a situation as you described i 'm not so sure . 
  you 're paying him 20k and if that is invoiced correctly then it will enter his business bank account and after that there 's a whole ton of shit he 'd have to do to disappear the money . 
  sure , there 's plenty of legal loopholes he can use but that 's avoidance and not evasion . 
  if you 're paying him 20k in used notes and handing it over in a bag then yeah , probably dodgey but that is as much your `` fault '' as his . 
  i fully understand the principle of joining things up and it does have its benefits . 
  however , there are also pitfalls and scope for abuse . 
  i 'm not a tinfoil hat kind of person but the potential for abuse is phenominal . 
  online and `` e-click '' signatures is one area where the uk needs to clarify legality and what you do . 
  i have worked on identity management projects so i do understand the benefit of an id card though i do think they give a false sense of security . 
  however , i do believe any system should be voluntary . 
  if by banking you mean open an account you either need a utility bill , drivers license , passport , birth certificate or previous bank details ... actually thinking about it i 'm not so sure since when i opened a new account a few months ago i did it all online and they asked for not a lot at all . 
  i know that if the bank suspects fraud they can request more information off you which i guess it would do if you 'd not show up on credit checks etc. 
  for getting a job you only need a tax number . 
  this is only used by the tax office and although it is used to help join up a few things it is not legally usable as a means of identity since i believe historically national insurance numbers are not unique . 
  passports are highly desirable documents yet you can pick a crap one up on the black market for a few hundred quid . 
  if you want something better then maybe a few thousand . 
  identify cards will not protect you , indeed they may give you a false sense of security . 
  secondly , while i appreciate your anecdotes simply that the state has that power is to my mind wrong . 
  my point is that insofar as possible i prefer to be the one that controls my personal data . 
  sure i have to make some compromises in giving bits out if i want a particular service but then that should be my choice and not mandated by anyone . 
  it would be much better to have an eu framework in which people could choose to have such an id , i 'm sure many would . 
  hell if it was really useful i would no doubt get it myself . 
  but that would be my choice . 
  one reason i dislike id cards , and i realise that this is not an issue with cards themselves but more with the legislation of particular countries , but it is a requirement to carry or show on [ demand to the police ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish_identity_card ) . 
  that is something i strongly disagree with ( and hell i 'm centre right on most issues ) . 
  ninja edit : as for nonamerican well he 's just a tit , 
   my driver 's license not a national id card and entirely voluntary . 
  i do n't have a car and therefore do n't have one .
