  another round of idiocy akin to lisbon and i 'll start burning camembert in calais ( or dover ) . 
   i do n't know that much about the cap ignorance is undoubtedly bliss in t his case . 
  farm subsidies have a long and ignoble history but what has happened over the years in the eu with cap should make every humanitarian weep . 
  next time you see a starving african from kenya or other reasonably stable country , think of cap - it kept eu farmers fat while killing millions . 
   maybe that would have played out differently if the uk had been part of the eurozone and been more thorough than france or germany in abiding by the rules . 
  i seriously doubt it , franco-german axis can out-power any other bloc . 
  and iirc i think the uk would have fallen foul of the same rules anyway . 
  the gaurdian and the independant are reasoanbly pro-european , though they do often sound like apologists for the uk on everything . 
  i 'm not saying the media is biased we do have quite a representative view in the uk , more so than much of europe i think . 
   gambling banks are one of the main reasons for the global crisis . 
  a tobin tax will not stop `` gambling '' . 
  also , aside from the us mortgage market there was surprisingly little actual gambling . 
  there was piss poor enforcement of legislation and risk management , but very little gambling . 
  the eurozone crisis has little to do with banks gambling and more to do with politicians not wanting to make hard choices . 
   all in all , this does n't read like a list of show-stoppers or deal-breakers to me . 
  indeed not , hence the exasperation . 
  the eu is moving and continues to move more towards the crap kind of leglislative we have seen work so well in the club med countries . 
  i admire germany for having the political power to bail them out , but as far as things i want to be a part of hell no , pass me the union flag and i 'll start whistling dixie . 
  [ this for starters ] ( http://www.just-food.com/news/carrefour-and-danone-on-protected-list_id86585.aspx ) that the eu courts do not strike this down under free market competition law is disgraceful . 
  similarly for electricity and power and other utilities . 
  there is far too much protectionism within the eu given it is supposed to be a free-market . 
  the semi-annual migration from brussells to strasbourg - the mind boggles at the waste here . 
  the way in which the eu constitution referenda were side-stepped by the treaty of lisbon - with france , the netherlands and ireland all voicing not insignificant disapproval you 'd have thought something would have happened . 
  the stability and growth pact - it was a joke at best and broken by france and germany . 
  the cap is a massive bugbear , but right now i dont have my usual sources to hand ( i 'm at work ) . 
  i appreciate i have mentioned the above serveral times recently but off the top of my head they are what spring to mind . 
  edit : the reason there is little for sceptical moderates is because when they do speak they got shot down in flames . 
  many sensible poltiicians in the uk have suggested reforms only for them to be demonised by the pro-european press , this pushes them out of the conversation alltogether or towards the extremes . 
  and again i would say there is little genuine debate within europe , so long as france and germany ( with the occasional nod from italy ) enjoy such warm relations then everything goes how they want it to regardless of the opinions of others . 
  the tobin tax is a agood example , it has the potentual to kill the city of london - the general european response ? 
  `` who gives a shit '' . 
  one point i would like to pick up is :  have you considered that you may be a victim of selection or confirmation bias ? 
  yes i have , i have purchased several academic books on the eu and how it is structured because it is of interest to me for many reasons . 
  not least because like it or not as part of the uk i am lumbered with it so i take my time to understand it . 
  i am not anti-europe , quite the contrary having spent a lot of time in the us over the years i find myself identifying less and less with our american cousins and do feel somewhat more homely with continental europeans , at least on some issues . 
  however , i am very much in the euro-sceptic gang because the eu as it currently stands is truly shocking and an abhorent mess of legislation and bureacracy . 
  it is hard to think of a rational group of people sitting down and coming up with what we have now . 
  sadly , however during the growth of the eu it had to accomodate a lot of well , shit , from every country ( france i am looking mostly at you ) . 
  how the cap is allowed to exist i have no idea . 
  that should have been consigned to history decades ago . 
  the eu is a political creature and one i think in which the actual people of europe get very little say on what happens because it is being presented as a fait accompli by the political elites with very little opportunity to present or even consider alternatives . 
  you asked me if i am a victim of confirmation or selection bias , well fair enough . 
  but have you asked yourself the same question ? 
  i am more than happy to defend what i say but like everything in life there are time constraints . 
  and given on what simonask has said in a lot of his posts in this thread i dont think it worth my while and this is backed up by his own silly retort . 
  i have n't the time nor inclination to educate simonask in basic economics . 
  if he is of the belief that being in the euro has helped greece in this current crisis then he may well be of a creationist way of thinking because both are highly fictional . 
  there is little debate on this subreddit , it is mostly a contest for who can be the most europhile . 
  in cases where i have backed up an opinion with evidence the point is usually ignored or treated with kid gloves `` because it 's the eu , man , they do no wrong '' . 
  indeed , in our little debate the other day you seemed to accept un-democratic behaviour as an ok , if not desirable thing . 
  i find such views stunning . 
  the eu has very many good points i agree but it is so far from perfect to be even worse than the governments many of us northern europeans are used to and i know the uk is not the best in terms of the northerners either . 
  so to answer your question , my arguments when made seriously in this subreddit are usually of a very good quality and i do try to back up what i say with sources - admittedly often wikipedia - which is a hell of a lot more than can be said for many folks here . 
  and for those that have ? 
  edit : a downvote for asking a question ?!, 
  fuck me , subreddit you guys get worse by the day . 
  fwiw my gf is a russian who grew up in soviet times and her grandmother worked for the kgb in a minor role . 
  i can tell you a lot of first hand stories about life in soviet russia . 
  i think you described the majority in here very well , thank you , 
   is center right still to the left of the us political right ? 
  i ca n't think of anyone who is close to the american right . 
  i think even some of the worst european facists would blush and feel embarassed about the american right . 
  actually for spain it does n't , the level of debt of the state is not so bad . 
  so it could and possibly should spend more , the problem is that the consumer debt is so high . 
  still , state spending could alleviate that over time if people are encouraged to save . 
  the same is not true for italy or greece . 
  spanish unemployment was relatively high even at the height of the boom . 
  you 'd have thought that 'd be a warnign signal . 
  this subreddit is the largest circlejerk outside of circlejerk itself and even they would struggle to match the level seen in here soemtimes . 
  if you can not formulate an informed argument for position you 're ignorant and uninteresting . 
   what the current crisis shows is that if you share a common currency , stick to the god damn rules . 
  germany and france should take the blame for this one , they broke the rules back when times were good - remember the stability and growth pact ? 
   although it is tough to maintain the currency if there is n't fiscal and political integration too . 
  it 's tough to believe in unicorns too !, 
   something which the eurozone - and the union as a whole - should be pushing towards . 
  so long as we in the uk can stay out of it then sure , please go ahead and do so . 
   there is zero causality from the existence of the euro to the current financial crisis . 
  if anything , the euro has postponed the collapse of piigs , namely greece , due to a much increased stability . 
  if you believe that you are economically illiterate . 
  indeed , and , dragging ourselves somewhat back to the op , this is one thing that the majority of british people do not want . 
   but every country is different . 
  it does n't mean they ca n't share a currency . 
  the current crisis encompassing the eurozone would suggest you 're wrong . 
  even if germany succeeds in bailing it out of its current mess without a lot more political integration and homogenisation of the eurozone then it will fail somewhere along the line . 
   no one wants an undemocratic european state so long as the right people get in to power right ? 
  and the questions are answered in the `` correct '' way ? 
  remember the eu constitution that was proposed ? 
  both the netherlands and the french populace voted against it when put to a referendum , so to say it is only the uk that has quite a few who do n't share integrationalist views is disingenuous . 
  who else must not be tolerated ? 
  so how far does this lack of tolerance in the eu go ? 
  is there anything written down that could be circulated so we know exactly what types of government to form ? 
  you can seriously see nothing wrong with what was done there ? 
   the other 14 eu members decided to not tolerate austria 's decision . 
  decided not to tolerate the will of the electorate in a democratic country ? 
  nice moves . 
  have you seen how much italy owes france ? 
  no wonder the french are desperate to keep italy solvent . 
   the elected leaders of the member states agreed on the lisbon treaty . 
  no , a political elite stitched up a deal after the failure of the referenda in france and the netherlands . 
  how many of those nations would have passed the treaty had it been put to the people ?
