   i actually share at least some of the concerns that britain has with the eu , but simply britain has made it absolutely impossible to side with them in an argument , because instead of creating alliances and changing the eu from the inside britain fights tooth and nail of opt-outs , exemptions or threatens vetoes . 
  the problem is one of basic maths ... for anything to carry in the eu it needs 2 of germany , france and the uk to agree . 
  the backing of italy and/or spain pretty much guarantees it after that . 
  the other countries may be able ot take the edge off policies but you 're not going to upset france , germany and the uk and get a policy through . 
  this all seems reasonable since those countries have the largest populations and economies . 
  however , from the uk perspective , germany has been keen to do what france says since it 's making up for ww1 & 2 and on the occasions when the uk and germany have agreed on this france is able to hobble it if it is in their interest since they can often rally italy and spain to their side . 
  so , the uk knows that in many cases france will have italy and spain on side and therefore a bigger point of leverage with germany . 
  the uk 's natural partners , poland , netherlands , denmark and a few other countries are small and do n't have the same level of influence . 
  now , this is a simplification but the general pattern is applicable if you look back over the last 40 years . 
  the only real major change is that in the last 10 years germany has been less accomodating of france . 
  if the eu were to split along a north-south divide i 'm sure the uk would fit in much neater with the northern half . 
   in addition one could of course put a lot of resources into building renewable power infrastructure in southern europe i really do n't understand how people fail to grasp this . 
  whatever your economy is built on it needs power . 
  at the moment we are highly dependent on the middle east and russia - those wonderfully secure and stable places . 
  if we were to turn andalucia in to a very large solar power station we 'd all be better off in the long term even if the short-term economic costs are great . 
   it is very hard to move wealth freely and efficiently to avoid taxes , that 's just not possible in most cases . 
  the 60s and 70s were a good example of the uk having a brain drain with many notable tax exiles going to america . 
  i mean both the article and its arguments are rubbish . 
  i 'd expect more cogent arguments from a 5 year old . 
  what utter rubbish . 
  do n't knock it , it might just work . 
  i didnt downvote fwiw . 
  as a concept the euro is neither here nor there . 
  it 's a currency not some amazing new invention . 
  the problems with the euro are problems around the infrastructure and the endless stupid politics . 
  until people face up to the idiocy of the policies we have the eu will always be a failed project waiting to blow up . 
  the problem is italy , like japan , has been teetering on the edge of collapse for so long it 's the new norm . 
  italian debt has circled 100pc of gdp for years . 
  if the government wasnt running a primary surplus then it 'd be doomed . 
  i ca n't quite remember how italy managed to fudge the maastricht criteria for joining the euro but it was a bad move . 
   my problem is i hate berlusconi and i hate the french and germans , i also hate the socialists . 
  who * do * you like ? 
   actually the eu payed above market value , so once again the hedge funds profited from eu tax payers . 
  that 's unfair , i 'd word it differently and say hedge funds ( and others ) profited from the stupidity of the eu ruling classes who have lied and manipulated the situation such that the tax payers are either forced to bailout the countries or face the uncertainty of a break up . 
  hedge funds did not directly put the eu in this situation , politicians did . 
  dear italians , if you vote for berlusconi and he again becomes your president you really should ask yourselves if you should be allowed to vote at all . 
  we know america voted in gw bush twice and you may feel good about beating the americans in the `` we voted for the stupidest politician more times than you '' category , but i think you should set your ambitions a litle higher . 
  that said i 'm sure ms. merkel ca n't wait to get reacquainted with berlustconi over a bunga bunga or two . 
  seriously , wtf rest of the world . 
  he has sued them so many times ... 
  it 's `` grammar mussolini '' for italians . 
   turkey does n't have an access to the atlantic sea . 
  it does , it goes via the med . 
  unless knowing that everyone would tell you that the local thugs think `` shit , if this guy is still brave enough to walk down here alone he must be f * cking crazy '' and as a result leave you alone . 
  oh sure , blame norway ... the eu is filled with protcetionism and the worst offender is france . 
  the uk has been multi party for a long time with the snp and plaid cymru being strong ( - ish ) nationalist parties for quite some time . 
  i 'll skip ni since the main uk parties agree not to stand there . 
  and then there 's been the libdems and a whole host of smaller parties . 
  the fptp system is not the worst system in the world , it simply provides a different outcome than pr . 
  there are many examples of pr leading to crap government . 
  do it !, 
  you could raise billions in donations and help the refugees in syria . 
  enlighten us , he 's quite right . 
  europe is hardly getting any better it just finds that it has n't reached the bottom of the gutter yet . 
  what utter bollocks , as we can quite clearly see from zimbabwe to angola with syria and iraq in the middle to concept of human rights is neither universally agreed or universally applied . 
  we are incredibly fortunate to be in the west which does better than most at ensuring its people have rights . 
  however , we ca n't hand those same rights to everyone , this is n't about race , or ethnicity it 's simple lack of resources . 
  are you fucking kidding ? 
  rent prices are insane in london . 
  i am on a 6 figure salary paying nearly 3k a month to rent a shit hole out in ealing for a 3 bed house as i have a wife and kids . 
  it was one of the better places i saw . 
  if i was happy to pay 5-6k a month sure i 'd get a lovely place and be working to pay someone 's mortgage . 
  not what i aspire to . 
  the quality of property in london is dire . 
  we 're in the process of buying a 4 bed in surrey which is half the size and 3 times the cost of a similar house we owned up north . 
  and i 'm one of the `` lucky '' ones . 
  every summer , southern europe 's tourist spots look forward to the arrival of planeloads of germans on holiday . 
  but this year encounters between germans and their hosts have become loaded . 
  in knossos , in crete , giorgios papadopoulos , a tour guide , interrupts his explanation of minoan matriarchy to ask a visitor from berlin about the relationship between germany 's finance minister and its chancellor : `` what 's up between sch\u00e4uble and merkel ? '' like many europeans after july 's bitter bail-out negotiations over greece , he has become intrigued by the internal workings of a country he sees as trying to `` dominate '' the european union . 
  to germans such outside fascination with their domestic politics is new , and it makes them uncomfortable . 
  america , as a superpower , may be used to foreign scrutiny . 
  but the rise of `` berlinology '' frightens germans . 
  they have no appetite for becoming europe 's `` leader '' ( the german word is f\u00fchrer ) . 
  given their past , germans do not want to seem domineering . 
  yet they often do . 
  the anxiety stems from a summit on july 13th , when germany led euro-zone countries in forcing greece to accept tougher reforms and more austerity in exchange for a third bail-out -- even though greeks had just rejected them in a referendum . 
  wolfgang sch\u00e4uble , the finance minister , suggested a `` temporary '' greek exit from the euro . 
  both he and angela merkel , the chancellor , ruled out a haircut of greek debt , claiming it would violate euro-zone rules . 
  germany was thus seen to use the power of its purse to force its vision on weaker members . 
  the reaction was swift . 
  op-eds decried german bullheadedness . 
  on social media , the hashtags #thisisacoup and #boycottgermany began trending , while others revived accusations of a `` fourth reich '' . 
  it was a `` public diplomacy disaster , '' thinks thorsten benner , director of the global public policy institute ( gppi ) , a berlin think-tank . 
  `` germany is seen as the harsh , heartless hegemon of the euro zone , ready to bully small countries into submission . '' mr benner 's worries may be overblown : not all foreigners fear german strength . 
  the negative view is sharpest among an odd alliance of anglo-american economists and european leftists sympathetic to greece 's syriza party . 
  france , however sceptical of austerity , wants to preserve its position alongside germany in the eu 's `` tandem '' . 
  the spanish and portuguese governments took germany 's side regarding austerity , having survived it themselves . 
  and northern and eastern europe are in many ways more germanic than the germans . 
  the baltic states , slovakia and slovenia have had to cut their own budgets sharply , and think the greeks should too . 
  threatened by russian intervention in ukraine , even poland has yearned lately for a more assertive german role . 
  many britons are hoping for mrs merkel 's help in reforming the eu . 
  in short , there is no crisis in europe that can be solved without germany . 
  nonetheless , berlin 's ministries react to any suggestion of german hegemony with vehement head-shaking . 
  since the 1950s `` all the eu 's institutions were designed to assure that no country could dominate '' , notes one official defensively -- especially not germany . 
  germans observe that mrs merkel must constantly compromise with her counterparts -- even on july 13th , when fran\u00e7ois hollande , france 's president , made her forswear grexit to reach a deal . 
  their mighty bundesbank gets the same single vote on the european central bank 's governing council as every other euro-zone country , and often fails to impose its will . 
  to its own citizens germany is , at best , first among equals . 
  to many germans this situation seems familiar . 
  it is the same dilemma the historian ludwig dehio described after the country was first unified in 1871 . 
  germany became `` too big for a balance of power in europe and too small for hegemony , '' he wrote ; `` not powerful enough to impose its will on the continent , but at the same time powerful enough to be perceived as a threat by other powers . '' after reunification in 1990 , german historians worried that this pattern could repeat itself .
