   however , i still do n't see the logic of how a person with perfectly functional male genitalia and no sign of any female anatomy is a woman . 
  give it up , you 're on reddit home of the `` anything is a gender '' argument so much so that i think they often shoot themselves in the foot . 
  either way consider gender to a distinct choice ( defaulted for most of us ) . 
  not true , it is very common in spain to get free drinks for women in clubs . 
  men have to pay . 
  twats . 
   because spirituality and spiritual research , whatever its conclusions are for each person , is a personal thing that ca n't be dictated by the most powerful/influential people within a large and diverse group of people , which is what religion does . 
  do you have a source for this or is it personal opinion ? 
   all of which are absurd or incomplete solutions to the circumstances of the individual . 
  science and rational thought is an incomplete solution but we still consider them viable . 
   democracy means that you tolerate things even if you do n't like them . 
  no it does n't . 
   do n't we all have access to enough education that we can make our own individual and independent mind about spirituality ? 
  the scary thing is some people do and they still think that religion is `` right '' choice . 
   do we really need to join a gathering club based on religion to feel spiritually realized ? 
  yes , humans are social animals . 
  we join clubs for lots of things why should this be different ? 
   or do people in fact to religion because they 're brainswashed into it one way or another , instead of focusing on their spirituality independently ? 
  some people want to be brainwashed , some have n't the intelligence to know otherwise and some are corrupt evil fuckers who use religion ( see america ) . 
  there 's a lot of reasons that people engage with religion . 
  this is a brilliant way for investors to make a lot of money . 
  how kind of the ecb to consider funding the poor and desperate in society . 
  there are a lot of media sources whose viewpoint is not american or british who publish in english . 
  russia today is a bad example , al-jazeera is a better one , 
  i predict they will shine . 
    should n't greece pay taxes , countries vote for tough , but necessary reforms , not raise their salaries above what is reasonable etc ? 
  -  where did you see anyone even try to argue against that ? 
  the greek election . 
  continual battles with unions ( see coal miners in spain and last year trains drivers in greece ) . 
   do n't play innocent and then scream that people do n't answer your questions . 
  this has been answered several time , even directly to you in other threads . 
  treaties are being signed by democratically elected head of states and then ratified by democratically elected parliaments and even some time depending on each member state put to a refenredum . 
  you might not find it democratic enough but this is entirely in the hands of each member states so stop talking for them . 
  besides even sweden would have a shitload of treaties besides the eu-related ones to denounce if this process was n't good enough . 
  intentionally or accidentally you 're missing the point . 
  those treaties which are brought in by the eu ( or eurozone ) and then not enforced . 
  by collectively not enforcing the treaties the governments are abdicating their democratic responsibilities . 
  we 've seen several challenges in the german courts over the bailouts , everyone knows that the south is being bailed out by germany despite maastricht saying such a thing should not happen . 
  it is so transparently `` disguised '' to bypass normal rules of accountability . 
  good to hear they have not lost their sense of humour . 
  true story - many british soldiers during ww1 had more sympathy with their german counterparts rather than their so-called allies . 
  portugal also did very little once it was in the euro , it certainly slowed the pace of reform to a snails pace , niot to say it was the only one bu that is the problem . 
  once in the euro there is little mechanism for enforcing `` good behaviour '' . 
  the difference being that the us is using its own currency , greece can not . 
  the dollar is a globally used currency and there are always willing buyers the same can not be said for the drachma should it come back , and the euro is taking a battering . 
  the us is creating a lot of problems for itself , but it is rather uniquely placed to deal with those problems . 
  if stockholders lose all value then the bank has fallen , not sure how that would not spook people . 
  it was alright , we should have let a few more banks fail instead of socialising the losses . 
  i 'm not preaching from a country whose fiscal and monetary policies are a shining beacon to anyone . 
  i 'm equally frustrated with how my own government is handling things . 
  however , i do give them credit for keeping us out of the euro . 
  had we been in the eurozone we 'd be royally fucked now . 
  equally , uk employment law , legislation and regulation ( yeah that shitty `` anglo-saxon '' thing ) is quite flexible and allows companies to grow and contract as needs be . 
  there are few protected industries as can be seen in gisp ( happy now ? ) . 
  vent all you like if it helps but it wo n't fix the eurozone . 
  ideally , you 'd have fiscal transfers but that would be a hard sell to the net contributor countries who have seen their resources pissed against a wall for the last 20 years . 
  it would appear that we 're going for debt mutalisation-lite as naurgul mentioned with the nuclear option of cutting greece ( or others ) free if the worst comes to the worst . 
  so all greece has to do is keep reforming . 
  printing money has been historically popular with the pigs ( and france to some extent ) but it is the key reason their economies are generally very weak and uncompetitive compared to others . 
  they 've never dealt with the problems . 
  you can plaster over a leak as much as you like but dont be surprised when the wall eventually gives way . 
   as i see it , this leaves all scenarios open : it is either a sneaky way to mutualise debt without needing to pass emergency loans from parliaments or it can also be resolved so that the central bank of greece becomes solely liable for it and will need to print money to cover it . 
  that is the point is n't it ? 
  it 's all about being able to do things without the need for the pesky politics . 
  heaven forbid that people should have any say in this merry-go-round . 
  either way it is the taxpayers that will be footing the bills for the idiocies of the politians who sought to buy votes and line their own pockets . 
  ireland was `` unlucky '' in that some bad policies and decisions created a mess , i dont think ireland is as systemically broken as the pigs . 
  the reason ireland has succeded ( relatively speaking ) is because it has the flexibility ( among other things ) that the others lack . 
  as naurgul says printing money is the last resort . 
  you 're basically devaluing the currency , making everyone poorer and ignoring the underlying problems . 
  it 's the worst kind of politics and economics . 
  but what is going on here is not only printing money but doing so in such an opaque way that it 's obfuscated and puts taxpayers on the line for a heck of a lot more when it inevitably goes tits up . 
  it 's a false sense of security . 
  as the article states the bailout as it stands will not help and unless germany ( and others ) stump up more the farce will drag out maybe for decades ( see japan ) or more likely at some point the liabilities will no longer be credible and the markets will flee the euro to the dollar , yuan and anything else . 
   the greek government is supposed to borrow the money it needs from the ailing greek banks . 
  in return , the banks receive sovereign bonds that they can , in turn , provide as securities for new loans from greece 's central bank . 
  in this way , greece 's central bank is financing the greek state in what is really just a kind of shell game that gets riskier the longer it is played . 
  in any case , all euro-zone countries will in the end be jointly on the hook for these liabilities . 
  everyone should read and hopefully understand this and if it does n't worry youthen you need to read it again . 
  the eurozone , or more to the point some of the peripherial countries have no choice about asuterity simply because they have effectively run their countries into the ground . 
  the alternatives would be default and depreciation of theie currencies . 
  being in a currency bloc with germany though means this is not possible and probably not desireable for the whole currency union . 
  it is nice for the politicians because they appear to `` solve '' the problem while all the pain gets passed on further down the line . 
  if it were a case that the countries were functioning well but had bad policies for a few years coupled with bad luck i do n't doubt that germany and other `` northerners '' would step in and help , it may be a moral dilemma but it 'd be a no-brainer a slight slap on the wrists . 
  however , the pi ( taly ) gs are fundementally broken . 
  corruption is systemic and `` rights '' for entrenched workers are crazy and anti-competitive . 
  they need a lot of reform which was avoided during the good times when they should have been doing it . 
  if that is the only way he can do it then his skills as a mayor should be highly questioned . 
   it is impossible to deny that france has an inferiority complex ~ ~ regarding germany ~ ~ . 
  fixed . 
  if there was a bigger audience you may well get someone to come along , but for 18k people ? 
  probably not one of the big wigs . 
  also , the bigger they are the more likely that discussion would be highly sanitised as the last thing they 'd want is a headline screaming `` mep said x on reddit controversy '' . 
  edit : good luck though it would be interesting , 
  there is n't , it was envisaged it would never happen ( oh those clever leaders of ours ) . 
  as such the only `` legal '' way to leave the euro would be to leave the eu . 
  however , that 's very undesirable and it is widely agreed that there would be a legal fudge to keep any country that leaves in the eu . 
  a stimulus package makes sense if you have the funds to do it , and more importantly have projects which will be of long term benefit . 
  by issuing debt to fund a stimulus you 're betting on the ability of future consumption to pay for todays spending . 
  or you can use the age old trick of inflating the debt away .
