  bonds will then be issued jointly so the market can not target one country , this will be backed up with maastricht ii a policy framework which ensures that countries must adopt sensible economic policies for medium and long term growth . 
  further , i 'd ensure that any country/government would suffer personally should any creative policies be undertaken in order to circumvent maastricht ii - so , ministers would have their personal necks on the line . 
  also , government accounting must become more transparent and long term costs considered , as well as the modelling used to forecast future obligations and tax income . 
  the eu would need to be more democratically accountable . 
  in this scenario italy would be the big risk since their debt is getting ridiculous even though their structural deficit is tiny . 
  my personally approach would be to get rid of the euro and start again with more pragmatism and less wishful thinking . 
  are you serious ? 
  cuba only survived because of generous loans from sponsor states , it is hardly an economic success . 
  as for venezuela it is doing well because of oil , otherwise the country would be a basket case . 
  do you have any evidence to support this ? 
  planned economies have been nothing but a disaster when implemented . 
   some nobel prize laureate did the one for poetry ? 
  because the economics certainly does stack up . 
  for a start increased wages will eventually be passed on to the consumer via higher prices as businesses are unlikely to reduce their profit margins . 
  so those at the bottom who get dragged up to the minimum now face higher bills so overall their net change will in all likelihood be zero . 
  the problem then is that those who were previously above minimum wage but now are n't often suffer as there is little incentive to increase their wages . 
  this can lead to a lot of problems over the long term . 
   some people enjoy the raised wage ( most likely efficient/educated workers ) what ? 
  any sufficiently educated person will already be earning significantly more than any realistic minimum wage . 
   economy is stimulated better from educated people instead of the inefficient workers spending less useful stuff will there be unicorns and fairies too ? 
  do n't get me started on the inefficiencies of the uk state . 
  it it 's frustrating how much is wasted in the name of public spending and yet they have the nerve to strike when they do n't get what they want . 
   the problem is when the eu is moving , it has current realities that always hinder its development . 
  yes , you can imagine many problems that can come out , but then again there are costs and risk involved on not going further . 
  thus some things are n't on the table . 
  the phrase `` fools rush in where angels fear to tread '' springs to mind . 
  the risks are poorly understood or quantified and certainly not communicated . 
  furthermore , the solution is always `` more europe '' never less , or a pause for thought or reflection . 
  yes , some things require speed and a fast reaction but many of the treaties are fleshed out over years if not decades . 
  and when these rash decisions are made , like we have seen recently , who holds the eu to account ? 
   it is better to hash something out and then execute it and then look on what the situation is and what needs to be done next . 
  in that sentence you 've summed up pretty much everything that is wrong in the world . 
  that fire-fighting behaviour is evidence of piss poor management . 
  politicians should be shaping the landscape not reacting to it in that way . 
  yes , earthquakes and what not will require a reaction but those types of reaction should be well considered and rehearsed . 
   for example the problems that greece has had have only become bigger as more time has passed , much due to there being more visibility to highlight them . 
  i disagree , the problems greece has had have been plain to see . 
  they became * bigger * because consequences to the actions taken became reality rather than a percentage risk on a spreadsheet . 
   also the eu is n't becoming more protectionist , what it is doing is starting to use its force to open foreign markets that are much more closed from foreign entities than the european single market . 
  i 'll dig up sources later . 
   markets assuming that germany is the lender of last resort is fairly new post-recession idea to explain why markets acted like they did . 
  it really is n't . 
  it has been a base assumption since the start . 
  look at the debt spreads of greek debt over german debt . 
  there was no way that that would have been sustainable without the implicit support of germany . 
  many commentators have even stated as much over the years . 
   the only danger that were talked at least in here was euroarea countries having different economic cycles that could cause tremendous pressure to our economy if we would be caught in recession while other countries would n't . 
  the remedy that was suggested then was to have a buffer fund for the rainy day , that was transformed to state actively decreasing state debt . 
  what happened to that buffer fund ? 
  it must have passed me by . 
  now , i do n't wish to get all patronising but if you and/or your media could find no fault with the eu as proposed at the time then one of you is doing a bad job . 
  no plan , certainly nothing involving politicians should ever be assumed to be `` so simple '' . 
  similarly now , why are the plans and proposals being put to greater scrutiny ? 
  any negativity is swiftly put down . 
  the eu needs to answer its critics not just drown them out and claim they are `` evil '' eurosceptics . 
  the eu increasingly feels like a autocratic farce . 
   markets will find the balance eventually and the growth will return , that is the answer on how europe will emerge from the recession . 
  i wish i believed that . 
  i 'm a huge support of free markets but the eu seems to be heading in entirely the wrong direction . 
  france wants income taxes at 75 % , protectionism is discussed especially with regards to china . 
   markets would guide them back to sustainable path . 
  i 'm very confused by how you think this was supposed to work . 
  ever since the euro came in to being the markets have demonstrated their belief that germany would be the lender of last resort . 
  this was hardly a secret and one of the reasons how greece and others were able to borrow at rates significantly below what they previously had . 
   nobody anywhere imagined a situation like the one in greece were succeeding governments and state institutions would collude together to falsify state finances a year after a year . 
  by `` nobody '' are you restricting the criteria to rabid europhiles ? 
  i do recall many eurosceptics and even moderate europhiles warning of the dangers of the various treaties that were enacted throughout the late 80s and 90s . 
  however , contrary views do not go down well . 
   there needs to strong oversight and control over member states , and that is something that member states have n't wanted until now when there is nothing else to do . 
  absolutely , and the question that should be asked is why havent the wanted this oversight ? 
  for some countries like the uk the loss of sovereignty would be too hard a sell , for others it would be the imposition of controls they didnt want to sell to their populace . 
  for some i 'm sure it was simple personal greed . 
  even now there is little debate about how europe can emerge from this crisis any stronger . 
  it 's mostly being dealt with technocratic governments being imposed and back room deals . 
  hardly the beacon of enlightenment and democracy many people hoped for . 
  a quick glance at [ this article ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/10162176 ) suggests that greece has not fared well when compared to portugal or ireland , maybe if they had had such drastic cuts things would be the same there ? 
  i doubt that greece would voluntarily leave the eurozone , the social costs would be massive and it is not clear that the other members would facilitate a simple exit as they would be left carrying the losses and that 's the last thing eurozone banks need is a massive writeoff of debt . 
  and if greece could exit then who would be next ? 
  probably most of southern europe and that leaves the eu in a right mess and about 20 years backwards . 
  none of the political classes seem to be thinking beyond the next few months let alone years . 
  to say germany did not create the problems in greece is not entirely accurate . 
  sure , germany was not the only actor involved but many of the decisions taken by germany and others , not least the breaking of the maastricht treaty , paved the way for greece 's demise . 
  the greek system is very dysfunctional as you point out , but this did not happen in the last 10 years . 
  this has always been the case . 
  was european foolish to let in a state that was not as a high a standard as the average ? 
  of course , and germany took part in that decision . 
  the over-arching problem in all of this is not who to blame but the lack of discussion about how to move forward without creating yet more crap for future generations to sort out and germany has been as adept as any at avoiding those hard conversations . 
  firstly , let 's realise that the debt taken on by the greek state are not solely done to enrich a homogeneous , distinct elite . 
  the real picture is more complex , in that several over-lapping groups - from [ unionised workers ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/greece/8612737/will-militant-unions-derail-big-fat-greek-sell-offs-on-the-rocky-route-to-recovery.html ) to those who dodge taxes - take a selfish view of the world , yet these people through one means or another form the majority of those who vote in elections and thus align themselves with parties that suit their interests . 
  the whole of society bears some fault , or collective guilt for the state of affairs because for one reason or another parties that have wanted to cut spending or rein in taxes have not lost . 
  this self interest has harmed the wider society and evidently greece ( and others ) lack the constitutional power to do what is in the interest of the whole . 
  the other issue is that people will never take responsibility for their actions when the can be very easily externalised ( blame religion for this one ) . 
  bankers are one facet of the problem , they are not the * only * reason for the crisis , equally reading around on many of the subreddits if you switched `` rich '' for `` black '' , `` muslim '' or some other group you 'd be called a racist . 
  it seems that the rich are the only minority it is ok to hate on . 
  this is not to say the `` rich '' are blameless , but punitive action and using them as a scapegoat for the failings of the rest of society are the moral equivalent of persecuting a minority . 
  but back to society more generally , we ( europe ) must bear responsibility for the crisis because we allowed countries to be admitted to the eurozone and eu when they clearly were not ready . 
  any credible reading of greece 's economy before they joined showed that they did not meet the maastricht criteria . 
  yet politically it was easier to ignore this and give the greeks what they wanted ... and why not money was cheap ? 
  the sad thing is that all of this was very much avoidable , but no-one , least of all the eurocrats were willing or able to confront reality . 
  we are doing the same thing with italy now .
