  this led to much fuming on my part as i was lugging suitcases and a baby around . 
  why on earth do you need to show papers everywhere ? 
  we should not further atrocities on either side but we should put them in the context of the time rather than single them out and judge them by current standards . 
  iirc dresden bombing was controversial even at the time but it was hardly the worst act during the war, 
  how do these stats show that immigrants are n't taking `` british jobs '' ? 
  in fairness the majority of countries have already broken treaties , so cameron trying to do the same harldy makes him an outlier . 
  my main problem with the eu is that it seems to be getting worse not better . 
  the entire thing is a shabby mess . 
  surely the trick is to install ac ? 
  call me a revolutionary why dontcha !, 
  on a regular basis ? 
  unless i missed something this happened once . 
   the solution to the eurozone crisis is a federal monetary and fiscal policy , i.e. 
  a united states of europe . 
  the eurozone crisis shows why greater integration is needed . 
  the solution to the problem is to either have seperate currencies like we used to have or , as you state have a proper fiscal union . 
  this is something that the designers of the euro knew . 
  it 's very very difficult to have a currency union without a political union . 
  however , the euro trades on the strength of germany . 
  if the smaller countries have problems then it 's fine , the big 3 can bail them out . 
  however , if italy or france were to have a major financial problem then we 'll see a lot more fireworks . 
  the nhs is undoubtedly better than nothing and i am glad it exists . 
  but holding up the model used in the us as the only alternative to the nhs is highly disingenuous and does a disservice to the people who use the nhs since there is scope for a lot of improvements which are held back because of the political fear of doing anything . 
  edward i was pretty impressive . 
  did n't germany mind about royalty eating its citizens ? 
  is that next to waterstones ? 
  my wife and her family . 
  funnily enough they seem to prefer the cccp to modern day russia . 
  will their main export be sauce ? 
  i 'm far too jaded to educate him , but also i think you 're being too simplistic by saying  immigration is only a problem if there are n't enough jobs and infrastructure . 
  immigration can be a problem for many reasons , and there 's plenty of studies to show the homogeneous societies have less social issues than heterogeneous ones . 
  people are still inherently tribal , furthermore , there may be `` right '' types of immigrants and `` wrong '' , most people are quite happy to accept well-educated foreigners with rare skills , less happy to accept refugees and those seeking political asylum since they are often less able to integrate . 
  if you think the above , trivialised , things are signs of racism then i 'd say most of the population is racist and until you come down from your high horse and justify the benefits of immigration then you 're being as equally ignorant as the other poster . 
  since blair the political classes have become significantly worse at discussing things with the public , this is evident with europe , immigration and taxation/benefits . 
   the real problem ? 
  apparent lack of capital and investment . 
  where is all of the big money and what is it actually doing * ? 
  no , the big problem is that the eu 's banks remain on a knife edge and the eu mechanism is one fudge after another . 
  and there is your problem . 
  not everyone is the enlightened open-minded thinker you are . 
  until you can speak to people on their terms about their issues ( real or imagined ) then you 're just another patronising elitist who is part of the problem . 
  i 'd strongly argue that they did not directly vote in favour of a pro-eu agenda . 
  the majority of the major parties across europe are pro-eu , whether this is france , uk , or germany - all want more eu to varying degrees . 
  we have seen a consistent rise in support for anti-eu parties which might not be too much of a surprise in the uk but in a stalwart like france should tell you you have a huge problem . 
  add to that the last major treaty ( lisbon ) got shot down and had to be hacked to get through and even then most optimistic eu proponent should take a step back and wonder why , if the eu is such an amazing thing are so many people complaining !, 
  support for mainstream parties is not going to evaporate over night , i think that would be unprecedented in a western democracy , but support for them is dwindling as people have fewer options in the eu elections that reflect any of their fears and uncertainties . 
  i am quite anti-eu , but only in so far as i think the current framework is a mess . 
  i 'd love to see a sensible eu form but no party is pushing for reform of europe with any sincerity , indeed the whole mechanism of the eu lends itself to idiocy . 
  even in the questions you ask there is a lot of wiggle room for interpretation and i 'm not sure the `` obvious '' answer you 'd want is actually better than the `` wrong '' answer . 
  take the question :  `` is a strong economy worth greater inequality ? '', 
  first off , is this absolute or relative inequality ? 
  if a stronger economy leads to greater relative inequality but in absolute terms everyone is better off , well stronger economy gets it . 
  secondly , if an economy is weak might that not pose greater threats over the long term ? 
  thirdly , what determines whose values are used ? 
  you 'd think would n't you ? 
  instead the pro european elite will continue to push through with their plans irrespective of what the little people say . 
  perhaps i misspoke , the process itself may form some sembalance of democracy but the overall institution of the eu is not . 
  while i do n't agree with all of it the basic thrust can be read in this [ economist article ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/briefing/21602200-european-elections-will-neither-lend-new-credibility-european-parliament-nor-give ) . 
  i 'm mildly surprised ukip and its counterparts are n't doing better . 
  the eu is a monster that crawls on regardless . 
  it is far too much of an elitist political endeavour without much consideration about what people think . 
  we saw this with the lisbon treaty . 
  much like the malaise that is spreading throughout western democracies there 's litle genuine desire to engage with people and very little originality in policy . 
  fa rtoo much is tweaking at the consensus that has been in place since the thatcher/reagan era . 
  the process is not very democratic though and i do n't want to support it . 
  i 'm not bothering to vote for the first time in 17 years . 
  i truly have lost so much interest in elections and politicians since not only are the overwhelming majority `` more of the same '' carbon cut outs but that if i 'm honest i 'd probably vote ukip since it 's one way to stick two fingers up at the uselessness of europe . 
  as for the greens , sure they have some nice policies but too much of their stuff is from the batshit insane branch of reality . 
  and much like the libdems if they did get any serious power i 'm sure they would be a massive disappointment to their grass roots . 
  russian is not easy to learn !, 
   eu the greatest democratic feat of all time it is , never has so much democracy been surrendered so quickly to so few with such little outcry . 
  those facing sanctions are n't going to be the poor and needy now are they ? 
  hmm would the uk get support for all the lost opportunities that the russian billionaires bring to london ? 
  and just like in war everyone is a loser and it is the poor innocents and children that get harmed the most . 
  if you class this as important information i 've got a survey i 'd like you to fill out ... 
  you 've clearly never been there ... or you are there and never escaped . 
   women sharing with long term women friends seems to be common everywhere ? 
  especially in the minds of men, 
  yes , yes it is . 
  unless you 're going to have some fun before you sleep . 
  for a start it 's missing a part of wales . 
  what happened to norway ? 
  wtf is wrong with that map ? 
  damn those pesky kids !, 
  / u/executivemonkey is referring to scones by the looks of it . 
  or it 's a yorkshire pudding gone very very wrong . 
  regardless , tea should be served with scones as well . 
  and it never hurts to have a brew with dinner . 
  also , are you suggesting the british are not sarcastic ? 
  in what unholy hell burnt place does mcdonalds have a place to be serving biscuits ? 
  i hope they provide tea to accompany said items . 
  tomorrow there will be another opportunity for a crisis , it is short termist , but that wont stop him . 
  indeed , either way he , personally , comes out of this well . 
  which is why i can understand why farage said what he did . 
  he 's a good move both politically and personally for putin . 
  many russians view crimea as russian and getting it back is a source of national pride and he 's the hero who delivered . 
  and yes , whatever the west does it only helps him further . 
  the only real comedown would be to park nato 's forces on the russian border but that is not likely to happen . 
  it 's actually not true . 
  there 's some research showing that water is effecitvely `` dry '' when you consider its humidity .
