  youth unemployment in areas like the south of spain has long been above 10 % , even at the height of the economic folly spanish unemployment was still around 9.8 % ( i ca n't remember the youth figure ) . 
  structural reform should have happened a long , long time ago . 
   people seem to use a `` moral '' argument to that effect , saying that `` well , if we give the piigs an easy way out they will not have an incentive to reform '' , as if an economic collapse is an ideal environment for reform . 
  yeah , i mean it 's not like these countries have had nearly 20 years to undertake reforms when the economic climate was great . 
  how many of those countries actually reformed and how many reforms for kicked in to the long grass ? 
  not that france and germany are n't guilty of not implementing agreed eu reforms but the pigs have been terrible . 
  a better `` moral '' argument may be giving a junky another hit or forcing them to go cold turkey as the failed to keep to their promises in the past . 
  er , as a small investor yes i do !, 
  why the fuck should i be paying 0.2 % per transaction when others can get around it ? 
  quick !, 
  we need another law !, 
  not strictly true the greeks now have a primary surplus which is positive and the whole point of the austerity . 
  if they can continue with reforms then there 's no reason why growth ca n't start again . 
  the main blocker is the vested interests who see no value in liberalising since it threatens their privileged position . 
  5billion is a drop in the ocean compared to italys debt . 
  the problem is that spain has had massive unemployment for a long time now , i remember when it briefly dipped below 10 % . 
  whilst i am wholly sympathetic to your view point i do think our revolutionary forefathers ( and mothers ) would be spinning in their graves . 
  the point of a strike is to be disruptive to the point of getting attention and forcing parties to negotiate . 
  without it the only other recourse is to the ballet box and given how ineffective politicians are these days its not much of a threat . 
  i forgot the / s. 
  but slightly more seriously ( only a bit more ) one strength of the eu is that there is the free movement of labour ( in theory ) and while some of those in greece and spain are moving out it should increase quite a bit more . 
  this would help social services to be cut down and thus hopefully help restore some balance . 
  you 're forgetting the `` third way '' ( thanks bliar ) - maintain the status quo and continue to hack at reality and convention until people stop taking the whole thing seriously at accept the eu is actually a state in its own right that is effectively but not exclusively run by germany and as a consequence economic policy will be ditacted to ensure that germanys economic success continues because if it does n't < diety of choice  help us because then we really will be screwed . 
  it 's a massive question with a long answer not worth going in to here . 
  plenty of countries use the usd and are not in political union . 
  it would depend on the nature of the currency union . 
  it may be irrelevant to london , but if it were a political as well as currency union like the eu then london will and does have a lot to say on the matter which is basically why we did not adopt the euro, 
  the uk is far more than a simple currency union . 
  yes , there is a lot of history here which the eu does n't have . 
  wales and ireland ( northern ) were basically conquered by military means a long time ago . 
  so the question perhaps should be were the 4 states independent would they come together to form a currency union ? 
  it would clearly make sense for the countries to have a free trade area and allow free movement of people since it would reduce costs for all involved . 
  but would they want to merge in to the uk ? 
  probably not . 
  scotland will/are asking themselves that very questions . 
  they may leave the union and as a consequence take up the euro . 
  so no , it is not so daft and it is a valid question . 
  ok , one reason i hate mixer taps is that they never seem to work quite right , either too hot or too cold and endless fiddling with the taps does n't fix this . 
  you 're forgetting the timeless : `` fog in channel , continent cut off '', 
   no matter how skeptical of the eu they may be - individually or nationally - that their geography and colonial history somehow makes them less european i think it is more that we take a more global view of things , the us , nz and aus to name but a few are countries which we are linguistically close to and share a common language . 
  lots of british people resettled there so family ties are common and vice versa . 
  equally , my experience of non-native english speakers is that they often tend to cluster . 
  i have a group of russian friends and i am one of two non-russians !, 
  equally , our immigrant communities often have strong ties back to their original country , even 2nd or 3rd generation indians will have family there and thus have stronger ties there . 
  i 'd say it 's not one factor but a collection of many . 
   how can a person on minimum wage ever accumulate enough to pay for someone else 's labour ? 
  as i said , bootstrap a company i.e. 
  start small and build on it . 
  it make time more time but it is doable . 
  it is not easy i agree but neither is it impossible . 
   if it 's a popular project , someone else will contribute their labour . 
  so you 're reducing everything to a popularity contest now ? 
  not all useful ideas were popular , in fact some very hurtful ideas were popular ... so not sure how that solves anything . 
   if a project relies entirely on one individual who does n't even value the project particularly , what is so bad about it failing . 
  contrived i know but it highlights why it might be a bad thing ... 5 people come together to build a life-saving machine . 
  for whatever reason the engineer and the marketing person fall out . 
  so much so that the engineer withdraws his labour and his skillset is highly specialised . 
  project now risks failure . 
  maybe the engineer was only interested because of a particular technical challenge whereas the marketing persons child depended on it . 
  there you have two valid and different motivations . 
  edit : should there not be a replacement engineer available or willing then the project is dead . 
  however , under another system the project lead/owner could be to train someone to gain those skills to work for them . 
   why is it better to have a system where instead you say to that person `` if you do n't support my project you 'll lose your income and be evicted ! '' ? 
  because the nature of capitalism ( or free markets ) is such that ideas which may not be popular can happen and if life is simply a popularity contest then lets just all give up and go on xfactor . 
  when you 're paying someone a wage you 're not asking them to support your project only to contribute their efforts to making it . 
  a waitor does n't care about the food or have to be passionate about food , he only needs to fulfil his end of the bargain in order to gain resources to do what he wants . 
   why should people who have accumulated resources get to do that and people without not have the opportunity to ? 
  because if they are that motivated to manifest thier ideas i do n't see why not . 
  why take that freedom away from them ? 
   is n't that itself a manifestation of the unfair distribution of power in a capitalist society ? 
  no it is not unfair at all . 
  it may be harder for those on minimum wage jobs to save to start thier own business and i appreciate that it would be very difficult to achieve but it is far from impossible if you are so motivated . 
   in my scheme if you can find people who also want what you want to create you can create it together that 's a big if and that is also surrendering a lot of power of your individual freedom over to others . 
  indeed it lends itself to a lot more lazy corruption since people will play power games ( i.e. 
  do x for me or i 'll withdraw my support and your project will fail )  in this system you just have to start out rich and it does n't matter if anyone else wants in . 
  you do n't have to start out rich , many people do n't . 
  bill gates and warren buffet ( amongst a mass of others ) had very middle class upbringings . 
  space exploration is * currently * too expensive to fund , but new tech is coming out all the time and spacex and others are trying to bring down these costs . 
  if we could use nuclear rockets we 'd get there a lot faster too !, 
   i might come up with an awesome idea but if someone is n't willing to invest then it will never go anywhere . 
  not true , i know many people who have bootstrapped companies and used their own accumulated resources to buy the labour of others . 
  this is not doable underthe system you describe . 
  the current workings of shareholder capitalism has many flaws , not least that ceos are barons and not held to account like the should be , but i blame the shareholders as much as anything for their apathy . 
  i 'm not glossing over it nor denying they have power but rather than whine about it i 'd sooner people can together and contributed to the discourse rather than hoping for some magic government to materialise to do it all for them . 
  the problem for you there is i think the majority are reasonably happy , maybe it is stockholm syndrome but life is far from bad for the many . 
  there have been boycotts of companies before and people can starve firms of their income and hence influence . 
  people coming together to form a charity ( or similar ) can go on recieving donations . 
  the key problem with non-ownership of items/assets/resources is best described as the `` tragedy of the commons '' , now i know several anarchist wings have a fundemental problem with this approach but i do n't think they sucessfully rebutt it . 
  also without ownership and the respective rights it is hard ( er ? ), 
  to determine somethings value . 
  the whole purpose of the market mechanism is to determine a price for something based on how different people value things . 
  clearly this is imperfect in practice but it generally works . 
  i appreciate you 're thinking on your feet but the system you 've described sounds incredibly complicated and assumes other forces act as mediators which be defintion will give them a lot of power and hence open to corruption . 
  we each value things differently , for example if i wanted to go on a cruise but the system only created enough places for 5 slots and it was n't my turn/ration then i 'd be gutted whereas someone who was indifferent would use it but not enjoy it as much . 
  under your system would i be able to trade it ? 
   people would be able to pool their credits in order to commission more work than they can create , but no-one could sell their own credits to someone else or enable someone else to accumulate more than they themselves have worked for . 
  the devil here is in the detail , what if i have an idea and nobody wants to pool credits with me ? 
  i have a lost opportunity . 
  furthermore , why * should * i have an idea when i am not able to profit from it , sure not everyone and everything is driven by profit but its a damned good motivator . 
  why is a random lottery better than determining the value of the time for the machinery and allocating it on a cost/benefit basis ?
