  we all like to bash the americans for their lack of general health care and weak social welfare , despite that they do spend more than people realise on those things , but we in europe are living well beyond our means and no-one wants to accept it because who is going to vote for welfare cuts ? 
  or paying for health care services ? 
  or accepting services must be cut ? 
  no-one , unless it is forced upon us by an external agency ( oh look , externalising blame again ) in this case the eu in the form of technocratic governments . 
  cue riots . 
  all in all , the greeks drew the short straw . 
  it could well be portugal or ireland in their stead . 
  yes , they must shoulder some of the blame for what has happened , but so must the rest of us for letting it happen . 
  i have several friends that grew up in communist romania and they have nothing nice to say about it . 
  same for my russian gf . 
  by `` invest '' do they mean squander milliosn in pointless pet-projects that eu bureaucrats come up with ? 
  if so , then no , we do not need to `` invest '' . 
  amusing article but the people commenting there would do well to read up on their politics . 
  what is `` right '' ? 
  we think we are right because we happen to be in a majority . 
  in islamic and other countries they think their view is right , views which we often find abhorrent . 
  by virtue of being a dominant society we are able to enforce our views on others . 
  interesting that you pick row v wade , why should n't states be allowed to adhere to the will of it 's electorate ? 
  if the overly religious states do n't want abortion them be it on their head . 
  federalism as you 've described it is about forcing a majority view on minorities . 
   there is no legitimacy deficit in europe . 
  hahahahaha . 
  i can not take anything else you say seriously . 
  you want to improve the legitimacy deficit our europe by having more of it ? 
  if you were a turkey you 'd be voting for xmas no doubt, 
  we did n't make this mess . 
  the eurozone countries most certainly did , just as the guy says in the interview . 
  the jab at europhiles , particularly ones in this subreddit is purely because of their lack of perspective or ability to admit `` hey we [ the eurozone ] fucked up '' it 's more about blaming someone else , be it bankers , lack of integration or something else which panders to a circlejerk and how dare a eurosceptic point out some of the many evident flaws the bastards !, 
  not to say there are n't sane europhiles but they get drowned out by the `` eu is never ever wrong '' crowd . 
  it 's tiresome and forces more moderate eurosceptics tot he fringe . 
  i for one would prefer no eu to some of the inanity that gets bandied around by the more zealous europhiles . 
  one of the most sensible things i have read regarding the greek crisis . 
  if only reddits euro philes were as understanding, 
  it pisses me off that people think it is acceptable ... it 's a fucking disgrace . 
  absolutely , i think the problem has grown too big and is far too public to be dealt with any more . 
  like i said at the end of my post , i think we seriously need to look at non-conventional solutions to this problem because following `` received wisdom '' now is very likely to , at best , to delay a banking collapse of the kind not seen in a very long time . 
  the wider problem is that greece ( and a few other nations ) are acting as a ball and chain on the rest of the european ( and to a lesser extent the global ) market . 
  we lack certainty , investors like certainty . 
  the scary thing is that the rest of the eu does not seem willing to accept that the process they are forcing on greece is as fanciful as the greek accounting practices that enabled greece to join the eurozone in the first place . 
  as the author cites , hungary did what the imf suggested and still required a bailout . 
  sadly , none of the alternatives that have a realistic chance of success are palatable to the eurozone since it would in all likelihood lead others to go down the same path , which if it involves bondholders taking massive write-downs we would see the collapse of the european banking system if not the global banking system - not to mention the massive impact upon pension funds that had worked with the assumption that sovereign debt was `` safe '' . 
  all in all now might well be the time to look at non-conventional strategies and giving them an airing . 
   greeks are loyal to their family and closest friends , and that 's it . 
  substitute greeks for `` spanish '' or `` italians '' and that would succinctly describe my experience of those respective countries , it is by no means an overly negative thing but it is perhaps a reflection of the dominant type of culture in southern europe . 
  cornish pasty ftw, 
   you are ranting about what irritates you about the eu/eurozone , not about what i think or wrote really . 
  yeah , sorry about that :| it 's been one of those days . 
  if greece defaults they will not be the first nor the last country to do so , it might help bring a level of reality back to europeans who embarked upon this project with fairy thinking ,  and they lied to get in yes , and it was the worst lie since nelson 's `` i see no ships '' . 
  everyone , and i mean everyone knew it was a barefaced lie , but they chose to ignore it to keep everything sweet and happy because the political fallout would have been `` too great '' at the time . 
  germany ( and france ) then exacerbated the issue by ignoring the maastricht criteria when it suited them . 
  the whole thing highlights what a clusterfuck the eu project is , nothing is done in an honest and transparent way , it 's all smoke and mirrors with little to no accountability which we are all paying the price for now . 
  greece and italy have shown that the will of the people is being ignored or creatively circumvented by the appointment of bureaucratic ministers with no real popular mandate , but the political parties are not rocking the boat too much because they can use then as hate figures when things calm down . 
  and yet all we hear calls for are `` more europe , more of the same '' with little change to how things are done , even on this subreddit we have the europhiles keeping a blind eye to the negatives and clamouring for further integration . 
  it is like turkeys voting for christmas all to serve a very muddled ideal . 
  stop over-reacting , the world existed just fine before the euro and could exist post-euro . 
  iceland managed to survive and get through its problems , hell i 'd say they have handled it better than the eu as a whole . 
  as someone else pointed out above argentina also survived and is on its merry way back to health ( well give or take ) . 
  it never ceases to amaze me how accepting people around here of the systemic corruption and lack of accountability with in the eu framework . 
  it is truly frightening . 
   if shady things get pulled off outside the written legality , the european union will disband . 
  you mean things like treaties being ignored ( maastricht critera ) ? 
  or perhaps the will of the voters being circumvented ( eu constitution/lisbon ) ? 
  or do you mean [ other things ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/eu/8797358/eu-fraud-and-irregularities-hit-1.6-billion.html ) ? 
   if all goes poorly , britain says ` told you so ' to europe , europe says ` fair enough ' and we all get back to trying to work out a solution . 
  more likely that europe will increase the tax and amount of legislation and then blame the usa/china . 
  the brits agreed because it didnt affect them too much and brown knew that at some point it could affect them and cause issues . 
  * shrug * the big boys spotted an opportunity to kill something which would inconvenience them later and took it . 
   if two of the wealthiest nations in europe could n't meet the demand , then clearly there was something wrong with it . 
  yet at the time the `` poorest '' nations in europe could happily comply ? 
  no , maastricht had many faults but it was nuked by the french and germans because it was politically inconvenient . 
  without anything to replace it it is little surprise that things went bad . 
  there was a framework . 
  germany and france killed it . 
  and are turkeys going to start voting for christmas ? 
  of course the greeks are not going to vote for yet more austerity . 
  the country is effectively bankrupt and on life-support . 
  the eu is not going to let the greeks continue on their insane spending spree if the eu is expected to bail out greece . 
  i see a lot wrong with the imposition of eurocrats on governments , see italy - but it is incredibly naive to assume the rest of the eu is going to roll over and let greece do things at it 's own pace and time . 
  yes !, 
  because all members have shown them to act responsibly and control their budgets and spending well . 
  any federation/fiscal union which seems to be what people want around here will result in the loss of significant functions of financial control . 
  to suggest otherwise is folly . 
  simply put the costs if integration are not cheap and not used by a huge number if people . 
  i agree that the pricing is disproportionate though, 
  the problem with a true pan-eu competitor would be the niggles of having a single intuit dealing with multiple legal jurisdictions . 
  we 're a lot further from a single market than would be desirable and if the french get their way we 'll never get closer . 
  most of the big players e.g. 
  vodafone , are eu wide . 
  the problem is that they operate as separate business units and for cross border use often make deals with national competitors . 
  democracy is in great danger in the eu . 
  the majority of manufacturing undertaken inside the eu tends towards higher value products and even there they are losing ground to cheaper places such as the far east . 
  as a means of employment manufacturing is entering a relative dead end . 
  by value uk exports of manufactured goods has grown over the last 30 years despite what the press often trumpet . 
  what is often pointed out is that relative to growth in other sectors manufacturing is tiny , for this reason tax and regulation that inhibits manufacturing is probably not a wise idea , especially given the weakness of the economies in the eu at present . 
  it will not taken china long to adapt western methods and then we will see further erosion of eu and us manufacturing , without replacing this with higher value and higher tech then we 're in for a shitty ride . 
  and yes i know tax ! = regulation , but the eu seems to enjoy enacting both without much concern for impact . 
   yet painfully uncoordinated ... and technically very different and many countries armies are pretty much token efforts and would not be of much use on the frontline . 
  sadly , few europeans seem to appreciate this , the eu seems hell bent on regulating everything to death . 
  good luck in getting the germans to go along with that one which is a shame since it is not necessarily a bad option but it would be a slap in the face for the eurozone population . 
  watch the shit fly ; the ones which default will blame the richer ones for not helping , the eurozone would become a political pariah and the whole project would suffer a dramatic loss in popularity .
