  but for some reason , possibly fear , possibly wealthy people pushing their own agenda we 've seen losses `` socialised '' by governments . 
  the collapse of lehman was how things should have happened , clearly this unnerved far too many people and now we 're all paying the price for a decade or two of missed opportunity . 
   lehman brothers ( which nobody had ever heard of before ) head in the sand much ? 
  they were a pretty big bank . 
  the rule of law in the eu appears to be a very fluid thing which is never a good thing . 
  are n't all lawyers criminals ? 
  the thing that gets me is that the basic principles of capitalism are being chucked out of the window for no clear reason . 
  share holders and then bond holders should feel the pain . 
  depositors should be last in line for a bruising . 
  utter idiocy over the last 5 years set to continue . 
  edit : typo, 
  your grasp of politics is flawless . 
   with the other euro countries who do not obey the budget rules did you miss the whole thing about the stability and growth `` pact '' ? 
  we 'll do whats convenient and ignore the rest . 
  it is assuming the appropriate speed can be achieved . 
  i was thinking more of [ this ] ( http://www.phrases.org.uk/meanings/rumpy-pumpy.html ), 
  i always read his name as `` rumpy '', 
  for a real interesting history look up the medici family and how they used and abused the church and whose descendants became royalty !, 
  you think it 's kinky if the donkey is dead ? 
  what if it 's alive ? 
  my brain no worky today i was trying to understand why people would hate poles . 
  women never make sense . 
  how so ? 
   one thing i just do n't get is the `` 5 years of experience '' it 's a running joke . 
  ultimately , therein lies the problem . 
  people have different views , some more realistic than others and assuming you 're working on the near-present and there 's no miraculous `` post-scarcity society '' then we will continue to muddle through one way or another with a mess of democracy in some form . 
  whatever happens you 'll always piss someone off . 
  china is the interesting one to watch , if it can solve its many social problems while improving the quality of life and living standards of its citizens then maybe we will have a winner !, 
  though i 'm not sure how pleasent that will be to live in . 
  as disappointing as this answer may be i honestly do n't know . 
  in principle i 'd say that a benign dictator would be the best though history shows us that they can be anything but benign . 
  the problem with democracy in its many , many forms is that people are ( through no fault of their own ) increasingly unable to understand and make a reasoned judgement on huge areas of public policy . 
  and then people fall back to `` common sense '' which is a simple disguise for pig ignorant stupidity . 
  proxy voting is an interesting idea but it has it 's own shit-ton of problems . 
  a true technocracy could be interesting but that brings with it a lot debate about what is the right approach . 
  not all experts agree . 
  one thing we could do with is less short-termism . 
  a lot of policy does n't and ca n't work on short time scales but most people are aghast if changes do n't happen yesterday !, 
  we need to balance this out . 
  a 5 year term is not long enough to enact sensible long term change - then again it is also a long enough time to really screw things up . 
  whatever we do we need an aspect of democracy to ensure that the system has legitmacy from the people . 
   populism is one of the curses of democracy but in the end not enough to justify any known alternative . 
  not sure i 'd agree . 
  globalisation and democracy have not been around long enough for the full effects to be felt . 
  until relatively recently most countries were nethier democratic nor open . 
  for us all to be better off we may have to lose some of that democracy ... 
  please show me policies which are not clouded in fantasy and we 'll take it from there , 
  i 've come to the conclusion that the italians have an epic sense of humour . 
  the problem is that what the electorate want and want they need can be quite different things . 
  direct democracy as witnessed in california has shown people can , with an apparent straight face , vote for tax cuts and an increase in spending . 
  quite the contrary it is very good journalism they ar eutter clowns and present a mockery of the system . 
  only 100 years ? 
  i 'm still pissed off at the normans !, 
  if they 'd have been called horseburgers instead of beefburgers there probably wouldnt have been any problems . 
  ever heard the term white elephant ? 
  if infrastructure spending had such an amazing impact on growth the spain would be paved in gold . 
  the eu has spent billions on infrastructure in spain yet it is far from booming . 
  yes , but sensible investment does not mean funding current spending such as benefits and other social programs . 
  the problem is too many countries are unable to meet spending requirements without borrowing . 
  investment is a whole different ball game . 
  er , why ? 
  so long as tax income ~ = spending then we 're good !, 
  they dont create the system the facilitate it through law . 
  insofar as government spending is concerned they * are * economic actors , maybe not as simple as a household though . 
  they derive income from taxation and can borrow to fund capital expenditure , not like a household maybe but more like a business . 
  the `` benefit '' of being the government is that they have `` unlimited '' power to increase income through taxation . 
  they are still constrained by their obligations to pay for debt from future income streams . 
  through collusion with the central bank they can , if they control their own currency inflate debt away by printing money but this action is not without consequences . 
  so , while they may not be simple actors they are still bound the gravity of economic reality . 
  that has been demosntrated throughout this crisis . 
  trying to wish away problems does n't work . 
  japan has massive internal savings and is not reliant on external countries funding its debt . 
  has it 's own central bank and currency . 
  the us has only very recently got near 100 % of gdp . 
  also bear in mind they are the global reserve currency and as such will always have demand . 
  it has also had significant economic growth over the past 15 years or so . 
  has it 's own central bank and currency . 
  italy - a middling eu country that has managed to run a primary surplus for quite some time but is riddled with corruption and [ little to no economic growth ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/italy/gdp-growth ) over the last decade . 
  also in a currency union and no power to set interest rates or anything else . 
  so , yeah fro ma bond rate perspective i know which i 'd say is the riskier !, 
  do n't spend more than your income . 
  hey !, 
  only the brits are allowed to be eurosceptic and rub peoples noses in it , 
   why should there be a correlation between the raise in bond rates that started a couple of years ago and it 's high debt ? 
  seriously ? 
  normally , i 'd agree that the circlejerking is overdone but not this time . 
  i mean seriously italy ? 
   we have no interest in ruling europe who is this `` we '' ? 
  made my day - thank you , 
   dear ~ ~ europe ~ ~ planet ... sorry . 
  how to be german in 20 easy goose steps, 
   can you be more stupid ? 
  give him time . 
  * must resist urge to make tasteless joke *, 
  if there is also a budget deficit it will likely raise the cost of borrowing and debt effectively becomes unsustainable and the country will either have to have a massive savings rate like japan or face inflation or bankruptcy . 
  in itself it need not be a problem , it like taking drugs , it can be fine but you 're skating close to the edge :d, 
  if so much money wasnt spent servicing debt that had been built up during the boom or heaven forbid the countries in the eu had followed their own budget criteria then the situtation now would not be so bad . 
  when you 've got countries getting close to and over 100 % debt to gdp ratio you 're on a hiding to nothing . 
  and yes i realise france is not there yet . 
  you do realise the s&p is an american market right ?
