   where is your imagination and vision ? 
  we can have high tech stuff without money . 
  i never said we could n't . 
  i expressed myself poorly i am sorry . 
  what i mean is that the increased specialisation that is needed to organise hi-tech products requires a degree of skill and investment ( in education etc ) money - or some equivalent concept - enables us to have a means of exchange which is universally accepted . 
  the division and specialisation of labour is critical to higher tech society . 
   but it could also happen without gangsterism . 
  just because something happened does not mean we have to keep on going the same way . 
  indeed , but again let 's pick a system or 2 and debate them . 
  there are flaws with the status quo and frankly i do n't like it much either but i have yet to see a system which would be much different in substance to what we have now - again `` the king is dead long live the king '' we 'd be replacing one elite for another . 
   it has nothing to do with money controlling access to resources . 
  money can be eliminated and this abuse can continue or it could be eliminated and abuse can be minimised . 
  money is not real and none of the shit that 's going on needs money to happen . 
  again , i explained myself poorly . 
  the point was about value - real or perceived - not about money . 
  money is a simple means of exchange . 
  1 token buys 1 bread . 
  value means that 1 bread is worth 1 token but 1 house is worth 10 tokens . 
   `` true '' equality or brutal abuse ? 
  come on , motherfucker . 
  pfft , do you really mean equality or do you mean to drag everyone down to some lowest common denominator ? 
  if you pick equality of outcome then you get a lot of pissed off people who miss out . 
  pick equality of opportunity then you have to accept people will achieve different things and guess what pissed off people . 
  so what do you do ? 
  try and balance the two no doubt . 
  that is what we do . 
  what is your version of `` equality '' ? 
   we need to meet our basic needs without being caught up in a system of a few huge winners and many losers . 
  the basic needs of many are met the number in absolute poverty is significantly less than the population of the [ world ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poverty#absolute_poverty ) - being generous only some 20 % of the global population is in absolute poverty . 
  do n't get me wrong that is a lot of people but there are a lot of winners there . 
  or perhaps you 're more concerned about relative poverty ? 
  yes , there is a lot to be said for this measure but i do think that is something for / r/firstworldproblems . 
   `` how do we seize as much of the planet 's wealth for ourselves as we can ? '', 
  same thing different wording . 
   i think they have made you believe this but where on earth is the evidence that that 's what they do ? 
  if you are sufficiently well versed in reading and mathematics then it is all there is economics text books . 
   allocation of resources is a product of raw power . 
  absolutely , but as you later note we do try to have some sort of communal division - those in power do throw bits tot he rest of us . 
  whatever system you choose there will always be the concept of power - please feel free to suggest one that does n't . 
   the layman can tell if the microchips are causing something bad to happen and say - i do n't want these microchips to keep doing that any more or i do n't want microchips at all . 
  i bet they ca n't , though irritatingly i am struggling to think of a good example right now . 
   the world of finance is at source a negative force which will always be exploitative at least since venetian banks realised they could lend ten bits of paper representing one lump of gold and only be in possession of one lump of gold . 
  finance is a force like any other it can be used for good or bad . 
  if you do not have the power/resources/money to acquire something that is critical for you but a bank/person/friend is able to provide you with the resources then it is a force for good is it not ? 
   there is plenty of evidence that cooperation is as natural and useful as competition if not more so . 
  of course it is , but as numerous studies of animals has shown cooperation is generally fine as it gives one power over another or offers a perceived benefit ( this may not be an actual benefit ) . 
  things are done selflessly , but not often . 
   had little or no sense of mine and yours . 
  even groups of primates have distinct hierarchies and everyone knows where they fit in . 
  ok , it may be stretching it to say that one monkey owns a rock but other things such as mating rights are brutally enforced . 
   so that most of us are slaves to a mortgage , day-job , technology and pollution ? 
  so that gardening is now a hobby you do after work instead of a way of life ? 
  we are slaves to existance . 
  we need to eat and drink at least . 
  maslow went one further and gave us a pyramid of needs and although i think he was not very good he does have a point . 
  what should we be slaves to ? 
  nothing ? 
  where does our food come from ? 
  grow your own is fine to a point but that 's basically back to subsistence farming . 
  you can forget about all the higher tech stuff we have . 
   when has such a thing ever happened ? 
  i ca n't imagine the civilisation of the indus valley included a referendum in which everyone agreed that the majority would toil for a living while a selected few would get a workshop in which to be a mad inventor . 
  of course it is not linear , i was simplifying greatly . 
  it has happened by virtue of those in power having - through accident or design - spare resources such that some of the populace with sufficient resources were able to devote free time to other things . 
  i seriously doubt isaac newton was farming every day and devoting an hour every other evening to research . 
   the ipad is a high class fisher price toy for the rich to fawn over while 90 % of the world has not enough and does n't have an opportunity to make the best out of their lives and talents . 
  indeed , and the economic breakdown is interesting because that is reflects in the value chain . 
  $ 8 of the retail price is kept in china for manufacture the rest of the overpriced thing is the perceived value of the designers and everyone else . 
   inequality there is no such thing as true equality . 
  the concepts of equality of outcome and equality of opportunity are mutually exclusive . 
   finally bank bosses of extremely badly run banks are prosecuted . 
  should have happened far more often . 
  why fred goodwin is n't behind bars i will never know . 
  out of curiosity is the amount they keep out of your income actually invested in anything or is it simple used like normal taxation revenues ? 
  also , does your pension bear any relation to your income over your life ? 
   yes . 
  it is exactly magic . 
  the layman sees it but the expert does not . 
  the money system is a philosophical construct . 
  so much wrapped up here it 's worth exploring . 
  you 're spot on , economic systems * are * philosophical constructs . 
  the basic premise is simple `` how do we manage a finite number of scarce resources ? '', 
  is a doctor a magician ? 
  what differentiates a medical doctor from a witch doctor ? 
  both promise you that you 'll feel better if you drink their respective potions . 
  financiers ( and yes you may say i am being generous here ) are skilled engineers in the same way doctors are . 
  by using mathemtical constructs they are able to determine the risk associated with financial products - read resources - and thereby determine how to allocate them efficiently . 
  this is not an exact science and it is far from perfect , but treating all bankers as criminals is both disingenuous and equal to treating a doctor with the backing of scientific method as equal to a witch doctor practising vodoo . 
  and to quote arthur c clarke - `` sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic . '', 
  the general layman typically has a poor grasp on mathemtics as it is , yet we expect them to understand economic theories and minutiae when they do not have the tools . 
  we do not expect a layman to understand electronics to the level needed to fabricate microchips . 
  this is not to say the world of finance has n't gone too far or been exploitative . 
  so moving back to the philosophy ...  at least we should be able to because we are intelligent beings with the capacity to organise our societies using creativity , reason and feeling . 
  do we really ? 
  in the relative blink of an eye we 've gone from hunting and clubbing animals to death and dying because of an open wound to shepherding animals in to rooms for slaughter on an industrial scale and having an average life expectancy far beyond what even our recent predecessors could have dreamt of . 
  like it or not we are still selfish creatures intent on our own survival . 
  the acquisition of resources for safety and security drive us , as does the desire to attract a mate and procreate . 
  agricultural advancements and industrialisation have given us the skills and means to change how we allocate our time ( itself a scarce resource ) . 
  one drum often beat is that we need to `` make more stuff '' usually referring to heavy industry . 
  how idiotic is that ?
