  our language may be dominant by virtue of our history but it is american culture that is globally dominant , we get to ride the coat tails since it is easier to move our stuff in to their market than say , a french film . 
  and yes , uk film has been subsidised by the tax payer . 
  so i understand the viewpoint . 
  but this is a concern for national or regional governments it should not be making its way in to international treaties . 
  moreso , when those treaties affect those who couldnt give a flying monkey about french culture . 
  should the polish , spanish or czechs lose out on a trade deal because the french are pining for their artistic heydey ? 
  no , they should not . 
  and should they wish to subsidise their works then fine , i have in principle nothing against it or more pointedly it is none of my business how they choose to spend their tax money . 
  the eu does not `` collectively '' benefit from this protectionism and as the article discusses we may all suffer for it . 
  it 's not even a `` market '' approach , although there is that aspect to it . 
  there 's the societal approach - people who share a common interest will find a way to preserve it . 
  i do medieval re-enactment and have learnt many `` traditional '' skills , both from books and from others . 
  we have libraries and museums which can document and save knowledge for future generations or anyone with a passing interest . 
  to piss tax payers money against the wall is bad enough with cap but to pander to more sensibilities to protect audio and visual things is bluntly stupid . 
  lovers of french music and movies are not going to watch the latest ironman film simply because it has a better marketing budget . 
  of all things creativity is lost when it needs to feed on the whims of politicians and their quangos . 
  between `` the market '' and society we can surely figure out what we like ? 
  it should not require state interference to `` protect '' such things . 
  moreso than ever those with a creative talent who want to promote thier materials in whatever language or form are able to do so . 
  the idiocy of small-minded protectionism destroying the ability to move to a grander vision is the very problem of the eu . 
  full employment is inflationary since they 're is no spare capacity in the economy and wages and eventually prices will rise . 
  that 's the theory , but even in the real world we see some sectors starved of labour and wages rise as far as they can or the opportunity cost is to high to bear so the investment and innovation is not made . 
  if we were able to retain even 10 % of the unemployed to have the necessary skills we 'd all be better off . 
  as for japan , well time will tell . 
  that the state controls the post office and the huge pool of savings says something !, 
  american , chinese or british bonds may be considered safer than eurobonds so as i said there will be capital flight in the longer term . 
   your example was due to the government trying to fix the currency higher than where it would have naturally floated . 
  but that is partly the point . 
  without capital controls if people do not have faith in the ability of the government to run sound economic policy they will flee causing other currencies to rise . 
  this in turn affects the bond market . 
  in the eu it is slightly different because they dont need to buy dm any more since they can simply buy german bonds . 
  however , mutualising the debt via eurobonds relies on the explicit guarentee that those bonds will be repaid thus the net interest rate will become the markets view on the collective ability of the ez to pay . 
  otherwise there will be capital flight and the currency will depreciate . 
  the effect would be to increase borrowing costs for germany and reduce costs for greece et al. 
  yet that does not mean that greece is able to fund its day to day expenses without cutting spending . 
   austerity recommends the latter approach ( due to the belief that even a currency-issuing governments should act as if they are revenue-constrained ) . 
  austerity is only the recommendation for countries where the deficit ( and eventually i supose the debt ) is increasing faster than the potential groth from increased borrowing . 
  take the uk it had a deficit of 10 % at one point due to an `` overcorrection '' in gdp in 2008 . 
  clearly that would get better as it has done . 
  but if you 're going to increase spending then the spending must be a better opportunity cost . 
  it is not guarenteed to be so hence the political discourse . 
  the better position would be to not run deficits during economic booms and ensure that debt and deficit are low thus when recessions bite the government can expand spending . 
  there 's a name for this approach :-) endlessly running up debt creates as many problems as it solves . 
  also , full employment is rarely a government policy and hasnt been for quite some time . 
   never once in history have bond markets even moved against such a government . 
  [ no it is not ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_national_debt#modern_era ) the ejection of the uk from the erm also shows how limited powers can be . 
  a free-floating currency wont run out of units this is true , but the value of those units will fall , and dramatically so , if more of those units are created . 
  if you 're creating those units fast enough so that inflation is high or hyperinflation is threatening then people will not lend and the system will collapse . 
  germany in the 30s is a damned good example . 
   just something that sounds like common sense , does n't necessarily make it right . 
  what you say there is purely conjecture , when talking about free floating currencies and all of the currency issuer 's debt denominated in it , there 's never been an instance of the government running into issues servicing that debt . 
  to quote fro mthe article :  research by the us center for automotive research estimates that some 1.45 million people are working as a direct result of the $ us80 billion bailout that the us government introduced in 2008 . 
  there is additional research that i have referred to in the past ( for example , last week 's blog -- the lesson for the europeans is that the us fiscal stimulus worked ) that confirm the effectiveness of the stimulus . 
  now was that by luck or judgement ? 
  i 'd argue luck . 
  if the return was guarenteed then it would be such a no brainer as to be done instantly . 
  instead it is a point of poltiical contention because ** beforehand ** no-one knows if the net effect will be positive or negative . 
  governements subsidise a lot of things mostly for political gain or to keep certain lobbies happy but rarely is a genuine cost/benefit analysis done . 
  take the automotive example had the us spent that money on doing something else could the benefit have been greater ? 
  i do n't know and neither does the us government . 
  i doubt it considers opportunity costs so deeply . 
  especially when we have many [ white elephants ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/white_elephant ) that had a negative impact . 
  firstly , thank you for your considered response . 
  it 's a rarity around here :-) secondly , i 'm not sure how considered this response will be as i dont have the time to go in to the detail i would like to refute your points so my apologies for that . 
  the levy institute article is a load of bollocks . 
  history is littered with states that have defaulted on their debt . 
  argentina being a recent example . 
  so why it is asserted that the us `` can not '' i have no idea . 
  it is not really covered elsewhere in the document . 
  my only assumption is that since the dollar is the global trade currency there is a vested interest in ensuring that the dollar doesnt suffer a complete collapse , but even were such a thing to happen it would be gradual and not `` overnight '' . 
   put all that together , and the restraint on a currency-issuer 's spending ( ie america , or the uk/canada/ecb ) is inflation due to overheating demand , and not taxation revenue not sure if i understand you correctly but inflation in the uk and within the eu is driven by the falling value of the currency in light of better returns elsewhere , why invest in the eu when you can invest in china or brazil and get better returns ? 
  my own pension funds i have invested outside the eu over the last 5 years and i 've got well over 20 % growth each year . 
  that coupled with imports rising in value is what is pushing up inflation . 
  `` internal '' inflation within the ez is a more complex beast to describe and there 's already plenty of literature on it so i wo n't consider that further . 
  now consider eurobonds or whatever mechanism you want , unless it is backed by germany it is n't going to cause the interest rate to magically drop since no other country ( or collective countries ) have the revenue to service the debt . 
  in the long run it does n't matter how much your interest rate unless the levels of taxation enable you to at a minimum pay the interest then you 're screwed . 
  but furthermore , if you 're borrowing to pay interest then it 's clear you 're doing a lot wrong . 
  japan is a good case study on why high-debt is not good . 
  their economy has been stagnant for the better part of a decade and a half . 
  we 've not run out of fiat we 've run in to the barriers of believeability . 
  if greece could not pay its bills it must go bankrupt . 
  the same is true for every country . 
  we can do al lthe behind the scenes financial wizardry you like - and some of it may well be essential but with the current system you will either be inflating debt away , borrowing more which will still need to be paid back or wishing upon a star . 
  the real tragedy is that the states of the eu ( and us ) has allowed themselves to get in to this position . 
  not because of running out of fiat but never engaging in sensible policies in the first place . 
  we 're playing a game of pass-the-parcel and some poor sod will be left with the booby prize . 
  at heart i think the majority of europeans like the idea of a free trade , free travel area which we know makes life easier all round . 
  most would even agree to some shared surpa-competencies such as defence and r&d . yet , while the sun was shining and everyone was making hay who cared about the details ? 
  however , both the french and the irish have rejected treaties on the first vote and these are not generally eurosceptic countries like the uk . 
  now in the harsh light of day when the chips are down countries/people are being told they 've opened ended commitments they did n't sign up for . 
  and the `` ever closer union '' has much higher costs now that things are bad , nevermind that * all * countries broke the rules when it suited , nevermind that reforms were put off time and again because there was always a `` political '' reason not to . 
  the bit that most gets me is that for european leaders it always seems to be someone elses fault . 
  the bankers , the british , the moon was a wrong shade of blue . 
  never can they admit that the treaties they have created are the very noose that is hanging them . 
   i think one of the most irritating things will be all the fanatically pro euro people who will continue to blame the failure of the tax not on the tax itself of course and its consequences , but will lay it at the door of the brits , swedes , finns , dutch - `` the tax failed because of you - no other reason '' welcome to european solidarity . 
  so long as the uk is outside of it and those countries that are pushing ahead with it do not introduce protectionist measures ( . e.g trading in bonds * must * be done via those countries ) then fine , let them go ahead it will be an interesting exercise . 
  my problem is that they will either force the uk to sign up or more likely use `` tax haven '' rhetoric to bring in protectionist `` defences '' that will adversely affect the city and in the longer term adversely affect those countries ability to finance themselves . 
  edit : doh . 
   the proposed rules are designed to discourage firms from avoiding the tax by shifting trading abroad . 
  the ftt will be charged not just on transactions that take place within the 11 countries , but on any transactions that involve shares or bonds issued by them .
