   my credit card uhm , do you know what an id card is ? 
   my university card makes sense for university but is it much use for anything else ? 
   my club 's card what club ? 
  and what has that to do with an id card ? 
   my union 's card ,  my savers cards , good for you ... i think . 
   you are in databases already fool . 
  my god really ?!?!?!, 
  i know i am in databases , i have no problem with that but everything you have listed is entirely voluntary and not mandatory . 
  if you do n't understand the difference then perhaps you 're wasting your time at university . 
  you forgot passport p.p.s. 
  i always smile too !, 
  er , no id cards here and long may that continue . 
  i think that 's the crux of the issue . 
  there appears to be only 2 sensible ways to deal with the issue . 
  neither very pleasent and as a result everyone is dragging their heels in the hope something else crops up :\\, 
   people should move where the work is ( or where doing business is better ) . 
  i agree in principle but given the number of languages in the eu this is a lot harder than in the us for example . 
   why are there no european newspapers for example ? 
  there are ( or were ) specialist publications , but one of the main things would be the number of different languages , limited appeal - if you want to see what is happening in germany there are already plenty of things available . 
  what niche would a european newspaper fill ? 
  so how do you think the greek crisis will play out ? 
  are you saying the uk is awesome ? 
   `` united we stand '' or `` united we fall '', 
   they 'd probably receive a parting gift i suggest a horse . 
  having read the link it is not clear if correa actually did more than threaten to erase the debt , buy it back on the cheap and then buy out other bondholders in what is effectively a default . 
  while i have some sympathy with his case since the debt was run up under military rule i doubt that a new greek government would have much of a good case . 
  maybe i am missing some of the evidence but given what i know i think it would be an interesting but unsuccessful case . 
  suggesting that of greek debt would be an interesting test case in international law ... good luck !, 
   investigation on what part of the debt is illegal how would debt be illegal ? 
   so when unemployment has reached 50 % for people under 30 , for a debt they did n't create , by goverments most of them never voted that 's a bit of a stretch . 
  if you 're under 22 then chances are you 've not voted in an election before , otherwise you 've had the option to vote in at least 1 election , indeed there have been 4 elections in greece since 2000 . 
  i 'm reasonably sure there are quite a lot of people post-30 who did n't create the debt either . 
   since the return to our national coin has been portrayed as hell on earth , but the truth is our economy went from bad to worse since the euro the eu spent a lot of money on greek public works and had that been coupled with sensible reforms you could have had a much more successful economy . 
  some people seem to think that expulsion from the eurozone and default is going to be painfree , it is n't . 
  even with the slender budget surplus that greece is now running all capital expenditure would stop and debt markets would not be kind . 
  i presume the eu would wade in in some form but you 'd see similar austerity requested via those mechanisms . 
  because there are other taxes and charges sometimes referred to as `` facilitation '' payment that happen . 
  the problem with things going down the chaos route is that it plays in to the hands of the strongest , at this moment in time that is germany . 
  this may or may not be a bad thing but it tends to breed resentment and sows the seeds for the next problem . 
  there are never easy solutions when one considers the longer term impacts however the options are very clear and stark . 
  debt mutalisation ( or something to that effect ) or greece has to have a hard default , probably coupled with ejection from the eurozone . 
  i 've yet to read any credible alternatives to those two . 
   deferring solving the underlying structural issues for later . 
  it 'd be nice if they got round to solving those sometime soon . 
   what were they supposed to do ? 
  listen to the electorate and appreciate that you ca n't go from no eu to federation in 50 years , shit takes time . 
  one small step at a time resolving issues as they go would make the eu a much better and stronger place . 
  sadly , we get bi-annual migrations at great cost , the cap and a currency which is build on sand . 
  as a eurosceptic i 'm grateful for the easy targets and all , but c'mon this is getting silly !, 
  so the answer is to bulldoze through with the `` right '' answer come what may ? 
  hardly democratic . 
   alexis tsipras : the cornerstone of european politics is democracy , not austerity . 
  this guy is too naive to be anywhere near power . 
  european , particularly eu power is built on asking the same question until the `` right '' answer is achieved . 
  edit :  we must n't concentrate on the symptom ; we have to look at what caused the crisis . 
  and this cause has to do with the architecture on which the euro is based . 
  hmmm , that 's a bit much , sure the eurzone was a disaster waiting to happen but that is not the cause of the crisis . 
  having finally read the entire article , i give greece about 3 weeks if that guy ends up as prime minister . 
  in blunt terms greece has had nearly 20 years to sort itself out , it did n't . 
  not that it was the only one that did n't mind , only that greece got caught with its pants down . 
  playing the `` germans are evil '' card is ridiculous and is externalising the blame for what is largely an internal matter . 
  the likes of spain and ireland have more reason to be aggrieved about austerity since their debt is/was relatively low to gdp and while they both have their flaws they are in a much stronger position . 
  if europe has a full blown recession it could well drag down the us economy which means the republicans have a chance to get it :\\, 
  eurosceptic here - as crsp said i wish they 'd do one of the two options and just get on with it . 
  the politicking has got dull and even throwing hollande in to the mix really is n't going to create much interesting drama . 
  ok , you 're going to have to explain this to me like i 'm five ...  banning prisoners from voting is a disgrace that oozes with short-sighted punishment mentality that is fundamentally at odds with a modern justice system . 
  if you say so ...  because keeping recidivism low is the only rational goal of a justice system , and telling offenders that you do n't want them to be a part of society is the opposite of what you want to achieve in the long term . 
  ok , but i do n't see how banning prisoners from voting is going to negatively affect recidivism . 
  cutting rehabilitation programmes , training and other things , sure that 'll impact the rate at which criminals re-offend . 
  banning prisoners from voting is a useful , if token way , of saying `` bad behaviour will not be rewarded '' - if they want to be a part of society then do n't commit a crime . 
  while i agree that reducing the number of reoffenders is an important goal i dont see how this helps . 
  furthermore your original statement about it being a disgrace is over the top to say the least . 
   except that the echr has nothing to do with the european union . 
  perceptions matter . 
   banning prisoners from voting is a disgrace that oozes with short-sighted punishment mentality that is fundamentally at odds with a modern justice system . 
  why ? 
  declare bankruptcy , borrow more money , win ? 
   austerity works if it is mixed with economic reform the eurozone countries have had the better part of 20 years to get their houses in order , reform and sort out public spending . 
  it is highly disingenuous to cry wolf now . 
  look at the works funded by the eu in places like greece and spain - there was the stimulus intended to assist reform . 
  spending happened , reform did n't . 
  bit late to cry about it . 
  and this is why the eu may be considered unpopular !, 
  like or not the problems in greece have been caused by inappropriate spending . 
  in that respect the germans have a point . 
  greece needs to undergo some form of austerity . 
  that said countries like spain should have a freer hand to spend . 
  what progress did you haev in mind ? 
   the lower age of retirement only concern an handful of people politicians by any chance ? 
   i think his strategy is minimally more complex than `` we 'll hire , they pay '' , but i upvoted anyway . 
  i think he is aiming to keeps things simple :d, 
  keeps you warm and gives you something to toast your bread on . 
  honestly , i do n't see it as bashing . 
  i see it as trying to engage in reality something that the political elite of europe seem disinclined to do . 
  if they really wanted to bash the eu they 'd do something other than state the bleeding obvious . 
  i agree in principle , but i think it is hard to argue that politicians in the eu are hard done by . 
  indeed , so vote for an honest party or start changing/challenging the law . 
  that nato has provided security for europe should go without saying , it 's amazing that people do not appreciate this . 
  perhaps it is because so many of us have grown up without any real existential threat . 
  though as another poster pointed out there was a war in the balkans in the 90s , but i 'm sure that was very remote to the majority of us .
