  the uk being in or out of the eurozone would not have changed the outcome , indeed we 'd probably be in a similar situation to spain right now . 
   from a critical thinking perspective , it 's very possible that due to the ecb being more open and honest about the problems going on uhm ... do you read much of what is put out ? 
  the ecb is terrible at communicating what is going on . 
  the fed , boj and boe are much more open and clearer about what is going on and they have a lot more practical independance from the states they are the lender of last resort for . 
  if the ecb says anything out of line it quickly gets slapped in to place . 
   only time will tell who was right . 
  this is not wholly true , you can make educated guesses , yes it is a guess but the range of outcomes can be predicted with varying degrees of accuracy . 
  it is not quite a science but it is not blind either . 
   so if we keep this circlejerk bullshit up long enough to see the uk economy suffer the same fate as the eurozone and even the mighty british pound could n't stop it from happening , does n't that make the euro innocent ? 
  it 's not about the pound being mighty or not , and the euro is `` guilty '' of nothing in particular . 
  the `` guilt '' is that a lot of bad , short-sighted decisions were taken 10-20 years ago and politicians have publicly derided anyone who dared speak against the euro-jerk . 
  the global crisis which began in 2008 was not directly caused by the euro and i doubt anyone is saying it is , but the inconsistencies and poor economic management of member countries is exacerbating the crisis not just for europe but for the world at large . 
  if italy or spain were to default it would be a major event quite possibly leading to a proper depression 30s style and germany is playing chicken a bit too much . 
   if that is the case , it 's entirely possible that the boe is giving the british pound a slow and painful death , ensuring that you join the eurozone yourselves in a few years , but that 's just bullshit circlejerk propaganda to your ears , because you can not possibly be wrong  i 'm not claiming that in the slightest , neither do i fully understand your point . 
  how does a currency die a slow painful death ? 
  joining the eurozone would solve no major problems for the uk . 
  it would create quite a few though . 
  by all means make a case for joining . 
   the european leaders have my respect for sticking around and trying to find a way to fix this problem together blindly sticking to something come what may should not be respected . 
  what should be respected is coming up with a realistic plan , communicating that plan and changing it if needs be . 
  being a bunch of arrogant fools is not worthy of respect . 
   how about you guys stop circlejerking just because you hate anything eu and just help us fix the problems behind the euro in a way that makes everyone happy ? 
  i 'm not anti-europe quite the contrary the older i get the more i appreciate eu culture . 
  however , i am not blind to its faults and until these things get seriously addressed ( cap for example ) then frankly you 're pissing in the wind . 
  i would love to be pro-european but i 'm not pro-european for the same reason that i am not a catholic . 
  i 've read what has been put forward and i find it a rather laughable fantasy . 
   but i believe in the european project as well . 
  good for you . 
  i prefer not to believe things i prefer to have evidence in front of me . 
  the eu has done many good things of that but let us not be blind to its overwhelming faults . 
  there 's a lot of medieval re-enactment fairs in the uk often to commemerate a battle e.g. 
  [ battle of tewkesbury ] ( http://www.tewkesburymedievalfestival.org/ ) or more permanent things such as the royal armouries in leeds and warwick castle . 
  this excludes lots of smaller markets that happen in towns and cities across the uk each week . 
  fwiw check out castles in europe , particularly the uk :-), 
   unthinkable as it seems , the logical conclusion is that the eurozone can not continue to exist , at least in its present form . 
  it shouldnt be unthinkinkable - here is the rub of the problem across the whole of the damned eu . 
  no one does any sort of critical thinking it 's one huge circlejerk . 
  is it any surprise that there is a backlash ? 
  the politics of the eu has been qutie clear - more europe at any cost . 
  that is not democratic it 's more patronizing . 
  you 're right , spain is very different from greece but in its own way it still has major problems . 
  the real estate bubble is the number one problem here - lots of northern europeans descend on the costas each year for their holidays and increasingly they bought properties . 
  all well and good , but far too many poor quality properties were being built and the bursting of this bubble has left a lot of spanish banks holding either a lot of debt that wont be serviced or properties that are next to worthless . 
  this coupled with the collapse in construction has meant that an awful lot of jobs have gone . 
  spain , particularly the south , has always had a high structural unemployment because of the labour laws . 
  i know from personal experience that the goal of many spaniards in places like andalucia is to geta cushy job with the government where they get a relatively high wage and very little to do . 
  small businesses are often highly proteceted ( e.g. 
  pharmacies ) or they struggle . 
  even before the crisis unemployment in andalucia was in the 15-20 % range . 
  the main industry of that region i think is farming and tourism . 
  the spanish government was remarkably well behaved and had not run up masses of debt , but bailing out the banks has cost them dearly . 
  austerity is the wrong approach , spain needs to get more competitive my relaxing tis labour laws and stimulating growth preferably through non-construction projects . 
  however , the germans dont seem to agree . 
  the eu is by no stretch of the imagination anywhere near able to be isolationist . 
  it lacks much of the natural resources needed to be so , furthermore it is also a non-isolationist approach ( via the imf , un and other global bodies ) that has enabled the majority of us to live in relative peace . 
  would the berlin wall have fallen if the west had been so isolationist ? 
  locking yourself up and hoping nothing bad happens outside is not a good long term strategy . 
  ok , i have one last point to make on the issue re power projection . 
  if your nationals are in a country which undergoes civil war or similar is the extraction of those nationals considered power projection or defence ? 
  i 'd argue it is defence since you are protecting your interests and not attempting to project power . 
   first , i coud n't find a link with information about the `` 2 % military spending rule '' . 
  can anyone provide it ? 
  [ will this do ? ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2010/05/17/us-nato-doctrine-idustre64g48920100517 ) . 
  it appears to stem from a nato requirement but i could n't find the actual article itself . 
   two , you 're mixing up two things i 'm not , defence does not necessarily end at your front door . 
  the interests of the eu lies well outside of its borders . 
  shipping lanes for example are of importance to the eu and its trade partners . 
  oil too is an issue . 
  if something were to happen in the middle east or in russia - civil war for example - which leads to the eu freezing should not the eu be able to step in and assist militarily with one side or the other to ensure that the country becomes stable and its own interests are met ? 
  it is incredibly narrow minded to assume that defence begins at the same line of the border . 
  furthermore , if a conventional ground war were to start most of the military assets are in the wrong place . 
  it is highly unlikely that an invasion will begin from the atlantic since it is so damned big , but the two biggest military spenders have their forces there . 
  how long would it take to mobilise forces to defend poland for example ? 
  or latvia ? 
   that deal has been rather sweet for europe , in financial terms . 
  yes , it has . 
  agreed . 
   do n't count on europe to pay higher contributions : i for one am perfectly content with a european military oriented towards defense , not power projection . 
  i 'm not a doom-monger and neither do i think that around every corner is an enemy , but we ( read eu ) do need to consider our own safety and existance with a bit more of a consideration than that of a depressed lemming . 
  china is dramatically increasing its miliary power - it wants to defend its way of life which does not sit nicely with western liberalism . 
   but let 's not assume that europe actually is willing ( or should be willing ) to pay full price for a service that has been offered to them for at a greatly reduced price until now . 
  it is europes biggest mistake having lived under the umbrella of someone else to assume that it never rains . 
  before ww1 and to some extent ww2 most people assumed there would never be war again . 
  that didnt exactly last long . 
   i would n't necessarily call that freeloading inside europe . 
  it is . 
  in the same way that the west is freeloading on the us . 
  we all grumble about the us being the `` world police '' but they are the only western power able to protect and project power . 
  if the eu had to fund a strategic military power then you 'd see a lot less money available for welfare . 
  assuming a conventional war ( i.e. 
  non-nuke ) the eu would struggle against china , russia or maybe even india and many nations inside the eu would struggle against a serious alliance of middle eastern countries . 
  wanting the death penality back - or at least putting it to a popular vote is hardly on the lunatic wing of the political spectrum . 
  it may be distateful to the majority of us , but there are much crazier views out there . 
  why dismantle one of the few good things about the eu ? 
  there 's the main problem with the eu as it currently stands - '' [ ... ] there is no solution that is politically acceptable [ ... ] '' everything is driven by politics in the worst sense of the word . 
  no-one has the balls to stand up , make decisions and do something which would benefit the union . 
  the markets have been making hay on the back of spanish and greek bonds because of the inability of the eu to community and act decisively - it falters from one muddle to another under the guise of `` compromise '' . 
  assuming one wishes to keep the euro pretty much as it is now - which i am assuming is what many here would prefer - then i 'd have the eu technocrats decide which countries are actually insolvent and which can be saved . 
  then take immediate write downs on the debt of those that are insolvent or unlikely to get to a sensible position any time soon . 
  germany and other countries can help recapitalise the banks that have taken the hit because of the debt write downs .
