  the mostly widely cited evidence referred to hiv transmission in africa where prevalence of the disease is orders of magnitude higher than in the west and then the difference was not fantastic . 
  the downside of circumcision is loss of feeling/sensitivity and bodily mutilation . 
  doing something for along time does n't make it right , or do you suggest bringing back the foreskin being bitten off by a priest ? 
  it really hurts if you hit someone with a sprocket from a plane . 
  it really hurts if you hit someone with a sprocket from a plane . 
  again i find that needlessly specific . 
  the us constitution does get amended but give the relative effort involved ... meh . 
  we ca n't tell what the future is so why constrain our government or ourselves ? 
  see the thing about rights is that they tell you what you can do , and by inference everything else is off limits . 
  that 's not a huge amount of freedom . 
  written constitutions are a bad idea , they are harder to evolve with time and require political effort . 
  it 's better to have laws evolve as society changes . 
  inflation not a factor eh ? 
  debt does matter because there needs to be credibility to pay it back . 
  20 years is short term for a country . 
  she was bad . 
  in fairness the uk did the right thing . 
  it 's the stark hypocrisy of the other member states that they put their exceptions in place and then refuse to acknowledge the consequences of their actions . 
  it is too much work and if the tories do it it 'll get them killed at the polls . 
  as an unemployed transgender lesbian from romania , my partner and i are disgusted that we have to raise our family surrounded by such bigoted views . 
  if you 've seen how hot the estonian women are ... 
  i for one admire our gallic neighbours who , with only a mere hint of a suggestion are prepared to whip out their members and put on a show . 
  ely has a nice cathedral as does bath-on-wells . 
  also to do with how the whole thing is legally structured . 
  it created a bit of a financial mess . 
  move to london , prices will start plummeting soon , 
  florence nightingale, 
  it 's not just that , my wife grew up in soviet times as ( obviously ) did her parents and they often say the same thing ... now there is more corruption , there are more social problems , drugs etc. 
  sure , these problems existed but there was more help then . 
  maybe it was illusionary and certainly tinged with fear but the actually miss those times . 
  `` of all the vaginas i could have come out , i chose yours . '', 
  as another commenter pointed out it would probably be nice if countries started meeting the maastricht criteria first . 
  this does also imply that there would need to be less autonomy over each countries spending because otherwise you have a very real risk that a country will spend without constraint in order to remain popular at home . 
  there is also the very real risk that the market assumption that debt is underwritten by germany will backfire . 
  germany could not afford to bail out italy for example and/or another shock like 2008 and they 'd have to run the printing presses and inflate the debt away . 
  germany tends to not like this approach . 
  frankly , to have any real chance of success there needs to be a lot of reform and changes . 
  we 've seen how painful that has been in greece and i 'd argue they are not even close to done yet . 
  now apply that across most if not all med countries and france . 
  it 's going to be as popular as a fart in a jacuzzi . 
  there needs to be a good european leader to affect these kind of changes but we seem to be short of them . 
  idiot populists seem to be the order of the day . 
  for once i actually liked our song . 
  thought it deserved to do a lot better . 
  what ? 
  no montgomery , faraday , turing , wellington , victoria , drake ? 
  because as italy , belgium and others show the various forms of pr are a recipe for success ? 
  if you 've only been following this subreddit then sure , but even a cursory glance at the history of the euro shows gross incompetence , see the maastrict criteria for starters . 
  if you 've only been following this subreddit then sure , but even a cursory glance at the history of the euro shows gross incompetence , see the maastrict criteria for starters . 
  the cap should be scrapped end of story . 
  why the hell are we paying eur15 to the french ? 
  and we will have the chance to vote them out and get rid of them and more pointedly engage in the debate if we so choose . 
  europe is run so far from the average person as to be irrelevant to them even though it has a lot of influence on their day to day lives . 
   stop vetoing , blocking decisions or making threats when something is approved by the majorities and does n't completely serve your agenda . 
  you might want to tell that to france ... and germany . 
   no one here thinks the eu is perfect , and that we should just keep on doing things the way we 've been doing them . 
  then why do you ( singluar and collective ) endorse yet more of the same shit ? 
   without actually proposing realistic alternatives and without leaving any room for compromise is not what i would call a healthy working relationship . 
  alternatives are often proposed but the panderance to `` special interests '' is phenominal . 
  also , i dont see the rest of the eu coming up with anything sensible , and the only country that does - germany - gets batted down and its leader portrayed as hitler , not exactly inspiring is it ? 
  compromise is not always a sane option , if a drunkard wants to drink 10 pints and his councillor says he should have none is a reasonable compromise that he drink 5 pints ? 
  it is n't . 
  it does n't solve the problem . 
  far too many compromises in the eu follow this logic . 
  no , i 'm against the current incarnation of the eu because the lunatics seem to be in charge of the asylum while the caretakers are locked in a room fearing for their lives . 
  cap reform will not go far enough because if it does france will veto it . 
  i would n't say it is a victim mentality it 's bourne more of frustration about the level of incompetence we see at the eu level . 
  there are so many things wrong with the current eu ( and eurozone ) that papering over the cracks seems insane to many british people , some of whom would not want to be part of any kind of eu and there are others like me who would grudgingly join an eu were it not so corrupt and crap . 
  the eu ( and eurozone ) can barely even mange the few compentencies they have now and yet we 're supposed to be over-joyed at the thought of yet more europe ? 
  i can forgive cameron et al the schadenfreude at seeing the euro implode since it was blatently obvious to anyone who cared to look the whole thing was doomed from the start . 
  even its original architects said it should not go ahead as it currently has done . 
  the old saying `` when in a hole stop digging '' should be reworked for the eu to be `` when in a hole get the machine diggers in and some dynamite and lets so how far down we can go . 
  hard hats on everyone '' . 
  coupled with this we see on the richest nations of the eu - france , getting an ego massage with the continuing idiocy of the half-yearly strasbourg migration , i mean wtf seriously ? 
  have we nothing better to drop eur200million on ? 
  coupled with generous cap payments which are insanely protectionist and yet the uk is painted as the utter bastard for not backing down on the rebate . 
  let 's go one step further , the uk and many other northern european countries tend to implement the laws as required and even go further by gold-plating the laws where our own legislation is already superior to that of the eu norm . 
  yet so many other countries ( france , spain , greece and many others ) take the utter piss . 
  my personal favourite is the french exemption of danone from takeover on `` national security '' grounds . 
  so yes , we may be out of sync , but many in the uk area would be incredibly happy with a free trade area , free movement of people ( incidentally , when germany and france kept their borders closed in the early 2000s the uk let the poles and other eastern europeans in ) , and lots of other areas where co-operation is in everyones interest . 
  instead we get nero filddling while rome burns . 
  this was discussed in another thread but the balance of power is strongly against uk interests . 
  france , spain and italy are a power bloc with much in common and they represent 3 out of 5 of the largest economies and population of the eu . 
  they are sufficient to block anything ... now take in to account the german policy of `` solidarity '' with france ( read guilt trip over 2 world wars ) while this is wanning the germans will still bend to some extent to frances demand . 
  so the uk is an outlier that can simply be bullied in to unpopular decisions , and while it does make common cause with many smaller nations ( e.g. 
  denmark , czech , poland and netherlands ) they have neither the power nor the influence to change the discourse in a favourable way . 
  in extreme cases it is simply a case of damage limitation . 
  travelling around the continent hearing people scapegoating the uk ... we get blame for protecting the evil bankers , we get blame for not allowing further integration despite others agreeing with us ( see article ) ... the list does go on to quite some length . 
  where 've you been the last 20 years or so ? 
  germany needs one of the uk or france to bulldoze things through . 
  it is rare for spain and italy to go against france since they share many common interests , so you tend to find that france , spain and italy are a bloc . 
  who else is left that is big enough to stand up to those ? 
  poland is large but still relatively poor and gets a lot of handouts from the eu , the remaining countries and many of the uks natural allies in the eu are small , denmark , netherlands , czech et al. 
  so , while the uk can find allies and has done so in the past they are frequently out-manoevered because the scale of their alliance is dwared by the combination of france , spain and italy . 
  even a cursory look at eu internal conflict shows this to be true , germany will often bicker with france and use the uk et al as bargaining chip but until very recently germany would soften and agree with france for the sake of `` solidarity '' and in fairness they do have a largely agreeable shared goal of federalism something the uk has never been keen on . 
  the problem is not that there is a big 3 , but that there is a massive 6 ( germany , france , italy , spain , poland ) with half of them natural allies . 
  edit : as for me being pessimistic i dont need to be , look over the spats and divisions within eu politics over the last 20 years , the pattern is incredibly predictable . 
  in which case france will veto and yet the uk will still be painted as the bad guys , happened before will happen again . 
  ah yes , the french ability to negotiate , i believe it runs something like this : fr : `` touch cap and we veto everything '' eu : `` ok , how about we go easy on free market competition rules that you did n't like and you can keep cap as it is , please do n't veto everything '' fr : `` ok , sounds good , we were n't going to bother implementing the free market rules anyway , much easier to punt it around in the courts for years . 
  by the way danone is a threat to national security so no-one else can take it over ... and about another 100 or so companies ... why yes it is purely co-incidental that these companies are stuffed full of politicians and are vehicles for buying voters off '' eu : `` brilliant , thank you for being so keen to negotiate , we know it must have been so damn hard for you '',
