  on the liberal democracy front , sure the state should keep its nose out but i think a lot of social & economic problems we face could be resolved by being more proactive earlier instead of waiting for people to fail the system . 
  you 're telling me !, 
  you are one ignorant fool . 
   just saying the path the world is on does n't lead to utopia . 
  since you are so adept at seeing the future would you mind telling me the euromillions winning lottery numbers for tomorrow please ? 
  of everything i typed that is the one thing you picked up on ? 
   do n't you think there is enough of wealth , food , water and everything every human required for half decent living in the world to provide for everyone logisitics is a bigger barrier than you think for this . 
   or is there absolute need for majority of wealth to be distributed among maybe a 100 people ? 
  nope , no need at all but then there 's no need for anything really . 
  why do n't we drop all our shiny technology and go back to living in hunter-gatherer communities ? 
   everything is not peachy i never said it was , i was merely pointing out that for the majority of westeners and minority of people in other areas life is better than at any time before . 
  there will always be problems . 
   governments are n't really working for their people they never have and never will . 
  governments work for governments . 
   once enough people realize this , the shit will hit the fan . 
  good luck with that . 
   so you 're saying like most of the right-wing republican americans , usa is the greatest country in the world where for the love of god did i say that ? 
   with 15 % people livinig in poverty absolute or relative poverty ? 
  the us gov definition of poverty is still a world away from poverty in say ghana . 
   and about 50m people without basic health insurance . 
  we 're in europe . 
  i love my socialised health care as much as the next person so i have no idea why you 're bringing the yanks in to this . 
   some would argue we are nothing but slaves to the corporate world those people need to extract thier heads from their overly suburban middle class arses and go see the world and see what real poverty and slavery is like . 
  do n't want a fucking ipad dont buy one . 
  a friend of mine was recently in india filming a documentary about human trafficking between nepal and india ... that is some true slavery and human abuse . 
   the world is over 50 trillion dollars in debt . 
  do you really expect we will ever pay this back ? 
  and to whom , and more importantly who will we pay the interest to for this debt ? 
  * sigh * economics is too a big subject to cover in one post . 
  in short i imagine most of the debt will be inflated away over time as it usually is . 
  some debt can be good , too much debt is bad but either way countries need to start living within their means and stop buying voters . 
  raise taxes if needs be and sort the shit out . 
   yea sure , everything is fine and i 'm just paranoid . 
  meanwhile read about nsa , cia , and other bullshit lies the government have been feeding you with . 
  i did n't say everything was fine i simply said that worrying about 85 people is to miss the real issues . 
  you forget that for the majority of human history many people were directly enslaved by others with monarchs owning pretty much everything and ruling by force . 
  personally , i 'd find it more interesting to see how the average quality of life has increased over that period than worry too much about wealth inequality . 
  if we 're all living in shit it 's not really a great step forward . 
  whereas the majority of people ( western at least ) have a standard of life beyond anything even their grandparents could dream of . 
  there are challenges in society but blaming everything on the rich is lazy thinking and shows a lack of understanding of many things . 
  what rubbish . 
  there 's probably less social inequalities now than in pretty much any time period . 
  what we are now is , and i use this somewhat loosely , better informed . 
   i do n't understand why the guardian and other papers do not understand that different countries are different !, 
  because it does n't suit the ideologically motivated argument they are trying to make, 
  faraday is far too often overlooked . 
  they certainly encourage you to make a deposit, 
  46/68 - i do n't know russia that well and ca n't spell brussels . 
  probably about the same time we 're allowed to voice opposition to eu institutions without being labelled extremists . 
  hardly a surprise surprise , they do use windows after all, 
  and this is how extremists are created . 
  many eurosceptics have valid concerns and issues and if they are not engaged it will only fuel resentment and further isolate people . 
  even europhile countries such as france have a significant number of sceptics that should be an indication that there are broad concerns not isolated to xenophobia or the crazy brigade . 
  imho blind europhilia is more of a problem than the sceptics . 
  the concept of `` more '' europe should be challenged and we should seek to improve it rather than simply accept the many many failings of the eu and is institutions . 
  yeah because left wing politicians are voices of wisdom / s, 
  where politicians are involved you 're guaranteed a fools errand . 
   spending more on brussels bureaucrats at a time of deep recession and high unemployment is even harder to swallow . 
  [ ... ]  generous tax breaks , far higher average pay than in national governments and benefits that include a 16 % expat top-up and payment for children 's education until they are 26 . 
  wtf ... 
  but to call eurosceptics racists , bigots and be dismissive of their views is ok ? 
  a bit of both . 
  there are some areas i think that would be beneficial for the eu to act as a single body , one area in my mind is defence although this does get very complicated very quickly . 
  however , free trade , freer movement of people are in my mind very good things . 
  where the wto fails the eu should step up and be an inclusive organisation that encourages free trade . 
  as for a political ( and eventual ) fiscal union well , i 'm not even remotely convinced . 
  adding another bureaucratic level consisting of meps is an utter waste which leads me to the current form and practice of the eu ... it 's basically terrible , do n't get me wrong i can understand how and why we got where we are but you 'd have to be a blinkered fanatic to say what we have is on any level a system you 'd design from scratch if you had the choice . 
  much in life would be improved if we could collectively take an iterative approach to change , 
  thanks :o), 
  everyone is optimistic when young . 
  although i may be 34 i seem to have the cyncism of a 90 year old but 10 years ago i was filled with youthful optimism and if life has n't kicked that out of you by the age of 30 then you 're very ( un ? ) lucky . 
  when you look at politicians the ones that are perhaps more successful in implementing change it is the pragmatist rather than idealists . 
  and for me i 'd sooner have a pragmatic politician that seeks to get things done than an idealist who achieves nothing . 
  what exactly is insulting and dismissive in his post ? 
  and more pointedly how does any perceived insult and dismissive comment he said differ from the dismissive and insulting comments made by the hivemind that are far more acceptable . 
  i 'm a eurosceptic and i joined r/europe precisely because i wanted to see alternative viewpoints and also to put my own points across and see how they fare . 
  from my perspective many of the pro-european arguments are made from the point of naive optimism about how the eu should work than the mundane reality of how it does work . 
  let 's say it is youthful optimism which is present in this subreddit . 
  as a result i often find pro-european arguments here descend to `` but if only we got the right meps/leaders and magicked things to be like x , y , z then europe would be a nirvana '' . 
  which is fine as far as it goes but it does demonstrate a disconnect between idealism and reality . 
  plus the inevitable donwvotes that you get for not attending the european circlejerk . 
  i 'm british and i 'd vote for it simply because a party involving tea ca n't be fundamentally bad . 
  tea is awesome, 
   it is never good with 100 % establishment . 
  following this subreddit you 'd be convinced that europeans wanted a one-party state like the chinese . 
   and let 's not talk about who 's going to pay for it ah yes , the classic leftist response to everything . 
  let 's all livein fairyland and worry about paying for it later . 
  that works well does n't it ? 
  the concept of a minimum income ( basic income or whatever you want to call it ) is an interesting idea but either it will be priced so low as to be pointless or a lot of people will start leaving the workforce . 
  pfft !, 
  let harry potter sort it out like he did in that film . 
  i disagree , if escaping from a country meant i had to camp it up and make elton john look straight then bring it on . 
  it comes down to how much that person wants out . 
  once they are in the uk is not like their passport is stamped `` gay person '' . 
  i agree that requesting evidence can be intrusive and potentially dangerous for some but simply to allow gay people in on their word is a bit much . 
  i presume you 're still very tired since that was not the most coherent of posts . 
  i agree that democracy is not inherently good but i re-iterate :  it is dangerous to marginalise those who disagree because it pushes them to further extremes and exacerbates the situation . 
  if you have a better idea than democracy i 'm all ears and i wont bother retyping churchill 's observation about democracy being the worst form of government . 
  and who are you to tell people what to vote ? 
  it is incredibly condescending and arrogant to assume that a ) people who vote for ukip and its ilk are uniformed and b ) that your view is the right one .
