  the american focus on quarterly profits is perhaps more destructive but that is not inherent to the free market . 
  where short-termism is in evident display is the electoral cycle , with 4 or 5 yearly rotations there is little incentive for politicians to think beyond the next election , something that has got worse in recent times and the advent of 24 hour news . 
  the soundbite dictates politics as much as anything . 
  look back at the victorians who built a lot of british infrastructure which is still in use today and you can see how attitudes have changed . 
  also , back then politicians were more concerned with getting themselves in the history books one way or another rather than getting a mention on the 9pm news . 
  even the eu which has less democratic immediacy is still subject to the whims of the media and chronic poor decision making based on the short-term needs of its constituent governments . 
  as a westerner i found it interesting in that it did make me think that we are generally quite dogmatic in our beliefs regarding the benefits of democracy . 
  as the speaker points out many democratic countries fail in many other ways and this should be a lesson when we look at the former soviet bloc . 
  accepting a plurality would be a good idea if we had global institutions which would strive to prevent war ... 
  a bit meta since it does not talk directly about europe , it discusses chinas political system in contrast with the west . 
  worthy of a debate . 
  so much hot air . 
  this will not help the eu meet the kyoto targets, 
  this is not a simple argument and it goes way beyond what i can reasoanbly type here . 
  however , i 'd make the following key points : 1 . 
  it depends how important those interests are to you whether you defend them or not . 
  we could probably agree that keeping trade routes open to other allies to be a key interest . 
  this requires a navy that can operate to protect merchant fleets over long distances . 
  an example of this would be fighting somali pirates . 
  it may be in our interest to ensure an ally ( e.g. 
  kuwait ) is not bullied by a larger neighbour . 
  the western model of liberal social democracy is not the only model for society and we will in all likelihood face existential threats at some point . 
  indeed france uses a variant of this argument to push for a counterweight to the us and nato . 
  all of the above examples are ones i would argue require a significant military capability . 
  many , if not most , european countries have been able to hide behind the might of the american armed forces with only france and the uk being able to mount a serious military campaign and truth be told neither of those countries can continue to do so . 
  sure , belgium , portugal and latvia may have differing opinions but with due respect they 've be free-loading off american hegemony . 
  if the eu is to stand alone it must be ready to face those challenges itself . 
  if kuwait , or australia or morocco faced a genuine threat and as allies the eu were unable to intervene and america is not around . 
  what kind of geopolitical message does that send to strategists who want to exert their influence ? 
  how might north korea react ? 
  you may want to have a live and let live policy and i 'd not fault your idealism but some clever bloke once said `` if you seek peace prepare for war '' which is not a bad idea by any stretch ,, 
   the eu has been very active over the last 10 years . 
  it has launched over 20 `` military '' ( to what extent they are military missions is debatable ) missions in varying countries and of varying of intensity . 
  debatable indeed . 
  i agree with yout general points but i 'd question how much of this was truly eu or whether it was france/uk under the guise of the eu . 
  as someone else mentioned the eu couldnt even sort out the balkans in the 90s and had to rely on the us to help sort it out . 
  that is our metaphorical backyard . 
  it is simply not enough to defend borders - and i 'm not even sure the eu would be able to do that - it is necessary to be able to project that power to defend your interests and in this world your interests do n't stop outside your front door . 
  the us may have many flaws but their policies are designed around protecting their interests . 
  the eu needs to adopt a similar approach ( preferably without the flaws ) . 
  the best thing about facebook and its social media ilk as that it got the idiots off irc . 
  the late 90s was rough . 
  it 's more like hitting the us with a soft cuddly toy . 
  the eu is far too isolationist in its foreign policy , probably because it is still left mostly to national governments but also because germany and several other countries have not been global players for one reson or another . 
  fault the us as much as you like for its recent wars but without a strong us then the eu would likely need to face up to greater geo-political threat . 
  germany and the uk often see eye to eye on many things , in fact they are relatively keen on us staying in . 
  france would happily see the back of the uk as it would then mean they are better able to direct the eu . 
  germany also gains because if it so wanted it could play off the uk against france . 
  at the moment france always wins , as the uk is to the us as france is to germany . 
  the euro was poorly timed , poor ly executed and still deeply flawed . 
  this was known from the start but as with most eu ideals people carry on pig headedly untl the bitter end . 
  i would n't be too sad if the uk left the eu at this stage , nothing seems to be improving and much seems to be getting worse . 
  i 'd sooner the uk pushed for further intgration with the commonwealth of maybe formed a northern block of the eu with the more free-market minded countries . 
  the eu is one german crisis away from collapse . 
  it would appear that it was labelled a [ `` strategic industry '' - pdf ] ( http://www.google.co.uk/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=2&amp;cad=rja&amp;ved=0cdcqfjab&amp;url=http%3a%2f%2fwww.cov.com%2ffiles%2fpublication%2f8fdb961b-d279-4e73-802e-e6de0555af86%2fpresentation%2fpublicationattachment%2f2696e4d4-1d5f-4c9d-8589-f1b433c93009%2foid14563.pdf&amp;ei=uhdruy_wdrso0wxo04gicw&amp;usg=afqjcng7q0pwqwfqmpritcsfu4p-i1zppw&amp;sig2=ehzullokolitorsps62deg ) regardless , what a load of bollocks :d, 
  firstly , we 'd need germany to grow some balls and stop the appeasement of france . 
  secondly , the more free-market northern countries need to start acting together and driving the eu forward along lines they want , sadly these are also the more eurosceptic nations . 
  the eurocrisis has demonstrated that france is a relative weakling and that germany has the power but refuses to wield it . 
  maybe the uk could help if it engaged more but then we 've got our own lines we dont want to be crossed ( e.g. 
  banking ) . 
   not even france can get away with that , apart from it being arrogant , ignorant and illegal as hell . 
  do you really think germany and uk would stand for that ? 
  but they do . 
  did you not hear that pepsi got rebuffed from a takeover of danone because the french labelled the company a national security issue . 
  seriously ? 
  yoghurt drinks are that much of a threat to france ? 
  pepsi didnt both contesting it in court because which company in their right mind would . 
  so yeah , france gets away with a lot ... but then so to do other countries . 
  except the uk when we do stuff then we 're evil bastards . 
  the french want a larger version of france , they do n't want an eu with that follows a free market agenda they 're trying to build the eu in their own image to protect themselves against global reality . 
  this worked well while germany was repentant over ww2 and was struggling to reunite itself with the former east . 
  however as germany grows more confident and the all too clear power disparity between them grows wider french interests are playing archive fiddle . 
  in particular the french along with the club med countries formed a block of corrupt , economically unsustainable basket cases . 
  the euro crisis had exposed this and france has suffered as the franco-german motor of the eu had been replaced with a much more germanic one which is less keen of the french social and econonical models . 
  the uk had never managed to entirely balance out the french within the eu simply because the uk is wary of such political ideals at all costs and also the uk is generally more global in its thinking although the current government is the most inward looking we 've had in a very long time . 
  building up a protectionist block does n't sit well with the uk nor some other northern european countries . 
  the eu as a means of peace and prosperity had been a great success over the last 50 odd years . 
  war in europe is not a very likely outcome . 
  however it has not spent much time listening to its people or building institutions that are reliable . 
  and it lacks a coherent vision for the future . 
  at the moment all we seem to get is `` germany must pay for everything '' which is absurd and damn unfair on the german tax payers yet sadly it is probably what will happen . 
  i disagree quite strongly . 
  i think the french government in particular is selfish . 
  much worse than the uk . 
  you can see this in the cap negotiations and also the cultural exceptions they push for . 
  and lets not forget the comedy that was the blocking of the danone takeover by pepsi on national security grounds . 
  i think * anything * should be considered on its merits rather than blindly followed . 
  so , i respectfully disagree there . 
  yes , the british debate can be a bit toxic but the general approach is sound . 
  other eu nations may gush forth about a common/shared future but that does not make it inherently right . 
  we can see the evidence for this in the eurozone crisis . 
  there was a vision that almost bankrupt the region due to idealism over pragmatic reality . 
  greece and others are still reeling . 
  although i am a strong eurosceptic of the system at present i am not hostile to europe , i am simply hostile to the corruption , idiocy and epic fuck up that is the eu . 
  maybe i am a bit too proud of the uk to assume we are better than the average eu nation but i 'd imagine the scandanavians and others feel the same . 
  if you face an existential threat i 'd be surprised if you did n't consider all options . 
   so i would n't say that the subsidies are wrong as such , the point is just that they , as the rest of the agricultural subsidies , should always cater towards small ( ish ) scale high-quality produce , not cheap mass plonk . 
  and run the risk of being seen to be elitist ? 
  i 'm sure the headlines would not sound too favourable . 
  regardless , subsidising wine while people are struggling to put food on the table strikes me as perverse .
