  if the eu is to standalone as a global power ( economic or political ) it will need a military capable of projecting force . 
  to put it bluntly who knows what a powerful india or china will want to do in the future . 
  taiwan is already under threat of china , now maybe we shouldnt get involved and that is a valid choice , but the consequences of such should be better understood . 
  unless you believe in magic greece has two realistic options : 1 . 
  default on debt - this has been done on a small scale so far but if they had the desire they could write the whole lot off . 
  however , if they do this they will lose a lot of friends in europe and borrowing money would be off the table for quite some time . 
  wage defaltion - basically greece undergoes `` austerity '' coupled with reform that effectively leads to wage deflation enabling them to compete with other lowcost producers . 
  germany did this when it was unified . 
  europe could make this phase easier by attempting to stimulate growth in greece but the phrase `` once bitten twice shy '' springs to mind . 
  neither option is desirable for various reasons , and yes the typical person in greece will not fare well . 
  his point is mroe that the eu should stop dicking around and make a decision already . 
  back the weaker nations and do exactly what needs to be done ( e.g. 
  debt mutalisation ) or kick them out . 
  what 's killing everyone at the moment is the amount of uncertainty . 
  honestly , reading the responses here so far i 'm stunned by the naivety of so many people . 
  maybe the eu does not need to go as far as the us wants but it does need to do a lot more to protect itself from future problems . 
  and to those saying `` oh war will never happen '' , they said that in the 1910 's and the 1930 's too . 
  do n't worry i 'm sure they 'll make up for it with plenty of perks and expense accounts . 
  it 's always easier to blame someone else than accept that you played a part in the irresponsible behaviour that took place . 
  . . or bob to his mates . 
  somalia is not asking germany to underwrite its debt . 
   they are a bloated and corrupt society . 
  so , what about spain , italty and portugal ? 
  ( and no doubt some of the 8 eastern european countries destined to join the euro at some point ), 
  also , if the spanish are so upset about gibraltar why do n't they hand back those two little bits of land they hold in morocco ? 
  also , as a commentor on the bbc pointed out , why are the spanish royal family so unhappy with the treaty of utrecht ? 
  it was the treaty that put them on the throne ? 
  see [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/tptf1/the_imperial_system_should_be_ditched_in_favour/c4p2ddg ), 
  `` note for young people and americans : one shilling = five pee . 
  it helps to understand the antique finances of the wichfinder army if you know the original british monetary system : two farthings = one ha ` penny . 
  two ha ` pennies = one penny . 
  three pennies = a thrupenny bit . 
  two thrupences = a sixpence . 
  two sixpences = one shilling , or bob . 
  one florin and one sixpence = half a crown . 
  four half crowns = ten bob note . 
  two ten bob notes = one pound ( or 240 pennies ) . 
  one pound and one shilling = one guinea . 
  the british resisted decimalized currency for a long time because they thought it was too complicated . '', 
  -- good omens, 
  speaking personally i tend to have more sympathies towards germany then any other nation in europe . 
  yeah , the ww2 thing is a bit of a blip , and yeah we make fun of your sausages but i 'd sooner stand by germany than france or italy , 
   but only a greek withdrawal from the euro zone will give the country a chance to get back on its feet in the long term . 
  the emphasis here should be on the long term . 
  if the greeks think they have it bad now just wait until they go back to the drachma . 
  greece will be locked out of the bond markets for a very long time ... ... unless the eu lends money to them . 
  which begs the question at which point is germany and the rest of the eurozone going to bite the bullet and accept something along the lines of eurobonds/mutalised debt ? 
  as ever the eu is its own worst enemy . 
  or , `` how the eu skips happily down the path of its own destruction '' . 
  the problem is that too many people , greeks included , want a quick magical fix when frankly there is n't one . 
  if greece were to exit the eurozone it would default on its debt and many greeks would suffer . 
  but more importantly in the short and medium term who is going to lend greece the money it needs to pay its bills ? 
  probably the imf , world bank and maybe ecb are going to be the only serious lenders . 
  in practical terms this means that greece will undergo the same austerity but the medicine will be quicker and more painful but end sooner . 
  this crisis has highlighted the worst about the eu for me and i 'm glad the uk is out of it ( in principle if not in practice ) and my euroscepticism remains firm . 
  the amount paid per person is not perhaps the best measure of providing debt . 
  take the netherlands , population 16 million so per person per country they may well be paying slightly more than germany . 
  fascinating stuff . 
  however , germany - population 81 million is stumping up most of the actual money . 
  if you think you can get the netherlands to pay more then by all means go for it . 
  in absolute terms germany is probably ( not sure about the imf and others ) the largest contributor from the eu . 
  dress it up all you like , but unless germany pays up you have about a month to find someone else to pay junes benefits and pensions . 
  is that like eur0 .0000000001 ? 
  that is slightly disingenuous since spain and italy would not have been able to issue new debt had not the ecb hoovered up all the bonds . 
  so while technically corrcet it hides a lot . 
   germany is only the 6th largest contributor per person . 
  mainly that . 
  the level of stupid being demonstrated is phenominal . 
  russia has lots of oil and gas so better to critisize others like ukraine and belarus that wont do anything unless moscow says so . 
   whose unpaid taxes have a greater effect on state revenues ? 
  if one person does not pay # 100,000 in tax , but 10,000 people do not pay # 1,000 how do you measure that impact of whose unpaid taxes have the most impact ? 
  sure the one person is a lot , but the 10,000 other people are having the most impact overall . 
   who was taking the massive influx of cheap debt to finance and profit from mega-projects ? 
  everyone . 
   but now that the whole thing has blown up , who pays for it ? 
  certainly not the lenders in the north , who made incredibly poor lending business decisions and are demanding to be compensated for their own failures . 
  that is the real question and one that merits more debate than will ever happen in the media . 
  the lenders ( globally , not just the north ) took a bet that the eurozone would be backed by its strongest members regardless of what happens to the weaker states . 
  as it turns out it looks like they made a good bet . 
  i find it hard to fault them for making such a bet because it was the politicians that failed to ensure that there was adequate regulations/laws etc in place that would stop weaker states for taking the free ride . 
  well yes , each country should be assessed on its own merits . 
  greece , portugal and italy should be reforming/austerity while spain and ireland could be handled differently . 
   the wealthy did n't pay taxes to the greek government . 
  by `` wealthy '' do you mean a lot of normal greeks ? 
   there needs to be some balance between austerity and stimulus . 
  i agree , but deciding what that stimulus is is a tough question . 
  the main problem is that everyone wants a quick fix . 
  there are no quick fixes with this kind of thing . 
  it can take decades to sort out ( see japan ) . 
   any analysis that claims that social welfare spending is responsible is pure bank propaganda . 
  that should not have happened in the way that it did . 
  more disgustingly is that no bank execs have been sent to prison over this . 
   guilty parties here are the wealthy . 
  what did they do to the greek government ? 
   alternatives to austerity include debt writedowns ( ie. , forcing lenders to accept losses -- this is what risk is all about ) and major increases on capital gains tax , inheritance tax , corporate tax rates and upper income bracket taxes . 
  agreed , they are sensible alternatives . 
  however , for first world nations to do this would be quite a shake up in the global order . 
  maybe not a bad thing but i 'd be prepared to see a lot of businesses flee europe and seek more stable areas . 
  more pointedly , is the eu really bankrupt or is it just greece ? 
   any analysis that claims that social welfare spending is responsible is pure bank propaganda .
