  er , russians are zionists ? 
  not one of my friends is jewish , of jewish descent or even vaguley interested in the middle east . 
  funnily enough many of the russians i know that live here have the same opinion of their homeland `` fuck russia '' . 
   who in their right mind is going to invest in europe if we can expect years of constant crisis , constant uncertainty ? 
  have you not been following eu politics for very long ? 
  the two most important votes have already been cast . 
  in a manner which all countries find politically acceptable and can be done on a timescale which does n't lead to economic ruin ? 
  i guess it is possible , but i would n't fancy your chances . 
  one big test will be the next italian election if it takes place next year . 
  if the people vote for a party and the eu enforces a set of technocrats on them to further improve their economic situation you 've basically just taken over the country . 
  that could prove interesting !, 
  one would hope a sensible leagal framework could be put in place for dealing with situations akin to the current mess the eurozone is in . 
  existing treaties are wholly political with little basis in economic reality . 
  in a logical world i agree that breaking up the eurozone is the most sensible option . 
  everyone can go away and have a think about it and hopefully devise some sensible rules and then see if they want to give it another stab in 5-10 years . 
  however , sanity was left out years ago , the political and social fallout from the breakup of the eurozone would certainly fuck over europe ( continent ) and quite probably cause a global recession . 
  we 'd likely see one or two countries implode too . 
  the really interesting bit will be what happens with russia . 
  if the eu gets russia then the eu will be one hell of a power . 
  again not exactly , because german wages have been depressed over the past 10 years relative to southern europe germany has experienced relative productivity growth and , as the largest economy in the eurozone the ecb has been able to keep rates low as that is what germany has needed . 
  if spain had been an independant country its central bank would have raised interests rates years ago since relative inflation was high . 
  but of course spain is an economic minnow when compared to germany . 
  now ok , this is a simplification of the problem but they are not unrelated . 
  well yes . 
  the economy of the east did not rise to western levels that quickly , in fact i dont think it has yet reached western levels . 
  the puts a downward pressure on wages in germany - why employ westerners when you can get it cheaper in the east ? 
   wage cuts did n't occur out of self-sacrifice , but rather enlightened self-interest . 
  wage deflation was caused by the integration of east and west germany . 
  so you could reasonably argue it was out of self-sacrifice , at least on the part of the west germans . 
  [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stability_and_growth_pact#member_states_by_sgp_criteria ) should tell you all you need to know - though i guess the crisis is also a reflection of this . 
  edit : fuck yeah estonia !, 
   agreed - and ** that was the reason most of the german population was against it ** , many predicting the exact situation we now have . 
  unfortunately , our political leadership did n't care . 
  so now it 's time to cut our losses . 
  emphasis mine . 
  and this is why i , and many other brits are eurosceptic . 
  it is not that we hate europe , personally speaking my feelings are quite the contrary . 
  but it not nice to see a car crash happening in slow motion and it would be even worse to be a part of it . 
  the eu has been and will probably be solely a political beast for a long time to come . 
  the simple fact is i doubt any nation in the eurozone , least of all germany , would be happy to surrender a large part of their sovereign power to do what needs to be done . 
  damned if you do , damned if you do n't . 
  the point is that by breaking the rules and receiving no punishment germany demonstrated that the pact was toothless and would not be enforced . 
  indeed had the rules stuck then perhaps [ greece ] ( http://media.stratfor.com/files/mmf/0/2/020501ff9c65bfa58959d4a6f9f598a38d0903c9.jpg ) would have been dealt with sooner , 2006 say . 
  the `` one-size fits all '' economic policy was not and likely is not suited to the eurozone without significant transfers . 
  this has been blindingly obvious from the start . 
   without endangering either it 's own triple-a rating agreed . 
   nor endangering other economies in the eurozone the current crisis would suggest otherwise . 
  whilst i agree with what you say it was germany that broke the stability and growth pact to suit political needs at the time so german has only itself to blame in this respect . 
   remember the story about the grasshopper and the ant ? 
  nope , absolutely no idea . 
   and now the tax payer , after having basically no increase in real salaries since the 90s , is supposed to bail the eu out . 
  the reason for that was the reintegration of east germany back in to the west , that was one of the key drivers of german wage deflation . 
  it has served the german economy well in terms of global competitiveness but it has helped lead to the current situation . 
  pointing out an article that paints a less than rosy picture is considered hate ? 
  you 're missing one important thing both the uk and usa have central banks that are willing and able to print money . 
  the ecb can not do that to the same extent . 
  their inflation rate is low because their economy is screwed . 
  i agree that a lot of our inflation is imported but printing money rarely ends well . 
  the uncertainty is the big problem and the mess in the eurozone is n't helping . 
  all in all we live in interesting times . 
   certainly our borrowing costs are almost effectively zero at the moment as investors are seeking a safe haven in gilts . 
  at a potentially explosive inflationary cost in the future . 
  we 're basically printing money at the moment ( qe ) and as with rocks and hard places we may experience soaring inflation or if qe is withdrawn too soon deflation . 
  my money is that we massively overshoot on inflation since no-one has got out oa deflation trap yet and this would slaughter us given the high household debt in the uk . 
  better to inflate it away . 
  in the eu we have free movement of labour , so if a doctor in the uk can earn # 150,000 and a slovkian state doctor earns # 40,000 then , assuming all other factors being equal which they are not in practice , the doctor would likely want to move to the uk . 
  there is your market . 
  yes , i agree it is not a perfect market but different countries are able to compete to lure in the best talent . 
  same here , i was just surprised by how lowly it scores overall . 
  also i 'm impressed that spain does a lot better than italy , i 've lived there and had a lot of fun with corrupt spanish officials . 
  then i 'd start getting used to envy otherwise you may lack doctors !, 
  welcome to life as a market economy , 
  that 's why you have salaries based on skills and not just some arbitrary thing . 
  here in the uk doctors earn a hell of a lot more than most other public sector workers . 
  no-one minds . 
  wow italy scores well . 
   will you also ban cars / make fuel more expensive to try and encourage walking ? 
  er , why do you think we have `` green taxes '' and fuel duty ? 
  it is for precisely this reason . 
  edit : [ road tax ] ( http://www.direct.gov.uk/en/motoring/owningavehicle/howtotaxyourvehicle/dg_10012524 ) rates for different emissions . 
  [ fuel tax ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hydrocarbon_oil_duty ) and a better description of the [ fuel duty esculator ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fuel_price_escalator ), 
  germany also promised to adhere to the stability and growth pact ... that was in tatters years ago . 
  my sympathy for the eurozone is somewhat muted since all of this current crisis was preventable years ago . 
  sadly , as usual , the eurozone countries stuck their head in the sand and pretended everything was fine . 
  spiegel is eurosceptic ? 
  i dont think you have been paying enough attention . 
  merkel is playing chicken and may well lose . 
  it is quite possible that the eurozone breaks up , germany can not bail out everyone even if they wanted to and with italy nearing crisis point with the amount of debt due to be refinanced in the coming months and the banks / markets clamming up due to worry - yeah ... shit could turn nasty quick . 
  er ... [ have a read ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/supply_and_demand ) this may help . 
  price is a signal , if something is more expensive because it is not being subsidised then people will either consume less or seek alternatives , if there are no alternatives then they are somewhat stuck . 
  at the moment the true cost of food is hidden from consumers because money is taken away in taxation and given to farmers to ensure prices are reduced ( amongst other things ) . 
  so i have no idea what the `` true '' cost of milk is . 
  if i did i might alter my behaviour and not be so wasteful . 
  as the bbc link in my previous post shows we throw away some # 9bn worth of food each year , that 's a lot of food !, 
  were prices more expensive and we could see what the costs were then we might be more careful . 
  as it is we are fortunate to be spoilt for choice it would appear . 
   farm subsidies are there for a reason . 
  as far as i can see it is to keep the french happy so their cottage industries can survive . 
   if they 're gone , less people would have incentive to be farmers , creating a dangerous shortage of food . 
  really ?
