  scotland 's assembly is more successful though again its powers are limited . 
   the real problem is that all the payments end up with the big land owners and companies and not with a small farmers ( also in your own country ) . 
  i agree , like i said i find it disgraceful it still exists . 
   i wonder how someone who only speaks a strong local dialect feels about the lack of language barrier . 
  i think it is a bit of a stretch to say that a strong local dialect is the same as a utterly different language . 
   this is where we play the switcheroo and go from how to improve things where are things being proposed to make any of this any better ? 
   carefully avoiding detail like why you still do n't pay your part in cap when its main focus switched over to building up the newer members . 
  [ `` the uk would have been contributing more money to the eu than any other eu member state '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/common_agricultural_policy#uk_rebate_and_the_cap ) . 
  france remains the largest beneficiary of the cap followed by spain . 
  so , bullshit . 
  the newer members do not benefit half as much as the older ones . 
  now , i agree the eu is not very centralised , but the direction it is looking to take for the future suggests a much greater level of integration . 
  once you get down to it whoever controls the purse strings controls the country/region . 
  since that is the most powerful resource a government has . 
  it is all well and good saying that the regions can control health or social policy but if the eu has power of veto over national budgets then it is the eu that calls the shots one way or another . 
   and how does that solve any problems ? 
  you still have politics detached from the areas in which they cause problems because the geographic areas are , in the case of the uk , really quite small and the ability to move around freely in the uk ( e.g. 
  no language barriers , or other barriers ) mean that people can chase jobs . 
  hence why the south east is very prosperous and grimsby is a hell hole . 
   especially with your two party system you 're basically chosing which party gets to fuck you over for the next election period . 
  agreed , i wish we 'd have a few more serious parties . 
   i do n't see why a more federal model like ours ca n't be adapted to work in europe . 
  the main problem with this will be that it will be perceived as germany dictating to the rest of europe how to govern itself . 
  like it or not germany as the biggest power in europe will get the flak . 
  we 've already seen greek protesters using unsavoury historical connotations . 
   the solution to deficits in democracy would be to actually change things for the better i agree , but the eu has shown little appetite for doing the right thing , or even doing things for the better . 
  why the hell is cap still around ? 
  why does the eu move between strabourg and brussels every 6 months ? 
  why did germany and france ignore the stability and growth pact when it suited them and now acts all upset when other countries did the same ? 
   and when your time-out is over , and reality taught you a lesson , you 're welcome to rejoin our even better europe . 
  that made me chuckle , 
  not sure what you 're getting at ... yes we dont have a very effective local government and as a result they are largely ignored unless they fuck up . 
  we are however quite able , though not always willing , to blame and batter central government and the pm is the very visible figure of this . 
  we can vote them out . 
  i 'm not clear on how we would vote out the central government in europe . 
  the european parliament while its powers are growing somewhat is still secondary to many of the other eu institutions which have no direct democratic component . 
  are national elections across the eu going to become proxy elections ? 
  `` vote for me and i 'll make sure x gets voted in to the eu commission '' ? 
  seems a bit unlikely . 
  the swiss are highly decentralised though . 
  very different from the shape that the eu is looking to take . 
   it 's funny how you brits are always warn about the dangers of central government , yet you are among the most centrally organized in europe . 
  it is because we live it we can see its flaws and hence why we warn against it . 
   so , central control is absolutely necessary as an incentive to keep local control ? 
  it 's not enough to see europe as a group of countries working together as a team against ( and sometimes with ) the rest of the world ? 
  yep . 
   is it really so hard to understand that , as in any relationship , we have to communicate and coordinate our policies and thus be aware of the bigger picture and act accordingly in the interest of not just ourselves but also the rest of europe ? 
  not hard to understand , but well see greece . 
   then we 'll never be any kind of union but merely no better than a band of insecure and selfish children who are so damn immature they need mommy and daddy government to keep them in check . 
  welcome to humanity , have a nice day edit :  it 's not enough to see europe as a group of countries working together as a team against ( and sometimes with ) the rest of the world ? 
  so creating an artificial outside `` threat '' is what we need to unite `` us '' ? 
  that 's quite an orwellian take on things . 
  a problem is that the central government will feel awfully remote from the populace and when they over-ride an elected government then you 're going to see a lot of social strife ... or the central government will be as toothless as the stability and growth pact . 
  the eurozone , well the eu really , needs to address the democratic deficit if it is to get through the next phase of its development and assimilation in to a federation . 
   this really negates the other monetary unions that work without a political union ... cfa franc , east caribbean dollar , cfp franc , south african rand you 've misunderstood several key factors about those currency unions . 
  firstly , all are pegged currencies and all are controlled by external central banks . 
  most of the african nations are either war-torn or piss poor and rely on international aid and few are so heavily involved in the global financial system . 
  you 're comparing apples to tables and wondering why they dont taste the same . 
   there is the assumption that the euro caused the crisis or even made it worse . 
  it did , at least for spain . 
  spain 's effective interest rate was probably negative for most of the 00 's , the interest rate set by the ecb was unsuited for the spanish economy but was better for france and germany . 
  furthermore , greece would not have been able to get in to their current situation without the euro , the interest rates they would have been paying would have shot up ages ago . 
  the markets took the bet that germany would not allow the euro to break up and therefore greek ( and other ) countries paid a lot lower interest rate than they otherwise would . 
  also , a massive devaluation of the drachma would have helped them escape the crisis , it would have been a good example of the markets working as they should . 
  banks would have taken a massive hit and so they should . 
  see iceland , they had a crisis , devalued and the problem is working itself out . 
   i 'm rather of the opinion that the euro protected greece from an even worse fate you 're opinion is incorrect . 
   everyone can do that . 
  the ecb ca n't . 
  not yet anyways . 
  not really . 
   spains debt rate was better than many other countries , until they had to prop up the banking sector . 
  you ca n't say they were careless spenders . 
  i did n't . 
  i said  inept economic management which relates not just to government spending . 
   but the lender is as much responsible as the borrower if a deal goes wrong . 
  i disagree . 
   most important financial center in the world and then claim innocence when the international financial system starts to crumble . 
  i do not think the banks are innocent , but they are being used as a very convenient scapegoat by doomed politicians . 
  if you 're going to retort to cheap jibes is it field day for fourth reich jokes ? 
   in any case , those are very specific additions to specific treaties , negotiated with the other signatories . 
  what the uk wants is to unilaterally accept or refuse any treaty as it suits them . 
  that 's not the stance of a reliable partner . 
  so when the uk wants something it 's bad , but for the rest of europe it 's fine ? 
  and people wonder why the british are mostly eurosceptic . 
   the uk , as usual , is trying to have their cake , eat it , and get in a good position to eat other people 's cake too . 
  and greece ? 
   financial practices thought up in the city are a big part of what got us in this mess in the first place . 
  the banks were part of the cause for the financial crisis in 2008 but they are not responsible for greece running a stupid deficit nor for the inept economic management across other club med countries - that spain during a boom had unemployment of 10 % should highlight just how bad the situation was , even when it was good . 
  the banks are trying to behave somewhat more sensibly and now getting bashed for it . 
  sure , banking has its problems that still need resolving but they are only a scapegoat right now . 
  but it is ok for european countries to do it ? 
  stability and growth pact , the `` delayed '' introduction of free movement of people from eastern europe , listing danone as a `` company with special national interest '' in order to thwart pepsico . 
  sorry , the uk is not the only country by any means which is highly selective with eu law . 
  some people will take offence at anything . 
  whatever happened to countries behaving responsibly ? 
  the eurozone created this slow car crash of a mess over a decade ago i dont see why the uk ( or germany for that matter ) should be forced to pay for the selfish mistakes of other countries . 
  what situation would be in now if germany had been borrowing like greece or italy ? 
  or running their economy like the spanish ? 
  it 's all well and good calling for a common goal now , but what about the common goals that should have been set earlier ?
