  it 's far too awesome . 
  there 's also the mode and the median that are frequently used rather than the simple arthimetic mean for that very reason . 
  did you miss the lisbon treaty event ? 
  but multi-speed europe is not a considered thing , it is a bit of a sop to the uk and a few others at the moment . 
  it should be firmed up as to what it actually means and what the impact is going forward . 
  i do , but all nations are as guilty as each other , take the lisbon treaty in 2005 . 
  it was cringeworthy and highlights one key concern amongst many - not just the british gutter press - how far are we going with the eu ? 
  is it to be a federal organisation or is it simply a trade bloc . 
  none of the politicians in today 's europe has any vision for the eu beyond `` do n't kill it '' although if greece leaves i think this will be the beginning of the end of the eu in its current form ( maybe not a bad thing ! ) . 
  until * all * european politicians start truly opening the eu debate we will continue to go from fudge to farce that will in time doom the entire thing . 
  it is worth remembering it 's not just the uk that has notable anti-eu parties , there are genuine european-wide conerns about the eu and its nature , probably the uk is a little too honest for is own good . 
  * sigh * but that is exactly what we 're heading towards - a federal europe , politicians around the eu are too afraid to admit it . 
  even if the greek debacle does n't force the issue we 're only one recession away from having exactly the same thing happen again . 
  we need to be a proper union or agree that it is simply a trade bloc and start to repatriate some laws, 
   it 's a failure of leadership i agree with you , but i do n't blame the tories or labour as much as i blame the eu . 
  over the last 15 years i have followed the eu debate with much interest , when i was younger i would have preferred to be the 51st state of the usa than be in the eu , now i have mellowed a bit but even so the eu is a farce , it needs some serious re-organisation and maturity . 
  many british people ( myself included ) would be a lot happier with the eu if it did n't have so many negatives ; corruption , ignoring rules , a no-size-fits-all approach to policy . 
  the truly sad thing is the same problems have been evident in the last 15 years and are still no closer to resolution . 
  france again breaches deficit limits with impunity much like in 2003 . 
  yet greece gets taken to the cleaners . 
  primarily because they have a poor return on investment . 
  to fund something you either have to raise taxes or generate income . 
  i think it fair to say that historically in the west not many state owned companies have done very well . 
  also , many state owned organisations have the implicit or explicit support of the state this tends to kill competition in that area . 
   the alternative for greece is too damn horrible to even be seriously considered by anyone with a cool head . 
  default and leave the euro ? 
  or is there some other hell i 've missed in the news . 
  i do find it amazingly hypocritical that those shouting loudly against the `` tragic deaths '' in the med are the very same voices who would complain loudly about immigration were they to be let in . 
  i want an apology from the italian government for the atrocious behavior of the romans during their stay in the uk . 
  equally , the normans should pay reparations to the natives who they brutally murdered . 
  direct democracy at an eu level will kill both the eu and democracy quicker than anything else . 
  what democracy ? 
  i agree , but seriously have you taken a look at the argentines ? 
  i 'd imagine they 'd struggle to take over a cake shop during the festival season never mind an island . 
  it 's quite common in russian flats ( and othert areas in eastern europe i presume ) that heating in blocks is provided centrally and in reality you have bugger all control over how hot or cold it gets . 
  ah , we had the misfortune of a cancelled flight which led to battling with lots of very angry africans , ( of varied nationalities ) who only had transit visas and could n't leave the airport , to get to the lufthansa desk to find out what we were supposed to do . 
  the seemingly endless queue to get throug security was annoying , though i put that down to the cancelled flights from the night before . 
  yes , i got stuck there last year on my way back from moscow . 
  honestly , didnt think it was that bad . 
  certainly not my first choice , but not my last either . 
   lcy as the only pleasant airport in all my travels over the last 30 years i have never , ever been in a pleasent airport . 
  a special place in my heart is reserved for detroit airport for the sheer bloody idiocy of the place . 
  in view of savannajeff 's comment it is worth noting that greece in '08 did n't happen in a bubble , there 's a whole train of events that led to it . 
  for me , it was the breaking of the stability and growth pact [ imf pdf 2005 ] ( http://eurocollege.ru/fileserver/files/souza_enf-stab-growth-pact.pdf ) , [ bbc news 2012 ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-16761087 ) [ ft 2011 ] ( http://blogs.ft.com/westminster/2011/12/who-originally-broke-the-eu-fiscal-rules-france-and-germany/ ) [ historic data - wiki ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stability_and_growth_pact ) . 
  this very flagrant breach of the rules by germany and france set a dangerous precedent . 
  despite being `` warned '' pretty much every country ignored the growth pact since , well why not ? 
  a lot of economists kept quiet because they all new the sgp was a bad idea in the first place , it was doomed to not work since it took absolutely nothing in to account . 
  but many if not all commentators assumed that the eurozone was for keeps and that everything would be done to keep the thing together . 
  stepping back a bit global economic growth was during the 00 's was pretty much unprecedented in terms of continuous growth somehow many politicians seemed to convince themselves this would go on forever and came up with ever more elaborate speeches on why public/government spending should increase despite there being a growing body of evidence that the health of the system - especially in the eurozone - was not great . 
  the greeks were incompetent , criminally so . 
  but so were many other governments and i 'm sure there 's more than a few ex-ministers who breathed a sigh of relief when the blame got stuck on the greeks . 
  in reality italy , spain or even france could have gone wrong . 
  italy is still a very big risk for the eurozone given its very weak growth and debt . 
  as trite as it may sound `` you reap what you sow '' is very apt for the eu . 
  it was a very politically ideal that was never really sold to large numbers of europeans ( hence the rise of anti-eu parties and the number of treaties that got blocked in 2005 ) . 
  the elites were playing a very different tune to the masses and using the global boom to disguise the gaping chasms that existed ( and still exist today ) . 
  a currency union witout a fiscal union is a bad idea . 
  i 'm sure this is an underhand tactic by heathrow to get the expansion, 
  are you kidding ? 
  ever hear of the [ maastricht criteria ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/euro_convergence_criteria ) ? 
  the whole thing was a sham quickly followed by france ( and germany iirc ) breaking the stability and growth pact because it was inconvenient and ultimately they are the ones to blame , they broke their own rules and the smaller nations took that as a signal that the rules didnt matter . 
  i struggle to remember the details from the time but if they 'd have actually followed the rules they set out about half of the members would not have been eligble to join the euro at launch . 
  all in all as with much of the eu it was a bureaucratic exercise in attempting to paper over reality with feigned ignorance and acting all shocked when pink unicorns do n't solve the worlds problems . 
  that seems as likely as him giving up his croissant and drinknig builders tea instead . 
  i appreciate that this is as popular as a fart in a jacuzzi but insofar as i have read ( not that much tbh ) greece does have a legal leg to stand on since previous administrations kicked the question in to the grass in the hope that the problem would go away . 
  funnily enough these things never do . 
  now , whether or not reparations should be made ( legally speaking as opposed to morally ) is irrelevant ( almost ) since there remains some ambiguity over the issue greece can keep banging this drum and use it as leverage against what is seen ( rightly or wrongly ) as german pressure . 
  the newish greek government needs to find a way out of the current hole without itself collapsing internally ( same old for the voters ) or externally ( it has to bow to eu demands ) and these reparations are the weapon of choice it wold appear which should highlighht just how desperate the greek government is . 
  your last paragraph nicely sums up the failings of the eu for me . 
  why ? 
  i mean the figure that the minister has suggested seems ... high , but if it was negotiated to something a bit more realistic i ca n't see why there would be an issue since i do n't think many ( including many germans ) take issue with the reparations . 
  absolutely , which court though ? 
  i can understand why the greeks are playing this card though since it is a long standing issue that has been persistently kicked in to the long grass . 
  it also gives the greeks some leverage in their current troubles so why not ? 
  there was an article in the economist ( cant find link right now so [ here 's the guardian ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/feb/10/germany-greece-second-world-war-reparations ) ) which suggested that there were some germans who were mildly sympathetic to such calls since technically speaking germany does owe greece money , or at least greece has a leg to stand on . 
  so , as long as it is divisive enough and it gains some traction then as far as the greek minister goes it is mission accomplished . 
  the old adage of '' keep your message simple and repeat it often '' is what they are doing . 
  can i play the cultural exception card like france does on occasion and therefore the rules do n't apply to me ? 
  possibly , but i would want to do it on my terms and not that of an employer . 
  if i want to do 5 hours for 3 days a week that 'd be it . 
  perhaps i am overly selfish but i 'd be less inclined to work for terms that dont match my desires . 
  right now i am coerced in to working for what my employer requires ( admittedly with many benefits compared to many ) . 
  it 's not that i hate my job , quite the contrary i 'm very well paid for working in an industry i like - it and insofar as possible i work and have worked on interesting projects . 
  the problem i have is that i fundementally resent spending my time working . 
  8 hours of 5 days per week i must spend working . 
  there is so much i would love to do in life that requires money e.g. 
  travel so i must work to facilitate that . 
  given the option i would not work and would enjoy myself . 
  i would have said so yes , but i 'm not too up to date on their benefits system . 
  i 'm not sure what more you want me to say ... there 's a whole lot of different people out there and i have no data to hand but anecdotally i think most people would be happier doing something else . 
  it is certainly an interesting question but one which has no right answer and is significantly affected by society and cultural norms . 
  if we look at absolute poverty then the majority of people in europe have little to complain about , it gets much merkier when you look into relative poverty - if you drive a bmw while everyone else is cruising around in a ferrari you may be relatively `` poor '' but you 're still better off than the rest of the planet . 
  we 're really quibbling over semantics . 
  it could be a loss making buiness it could be a business idea that collapses , it could be anything . 
  would ** most ** people like to come in and do the same shit they do today ? 
  i seriously doubt it . 
  i said that in the context of having won the euromillions jackpot rather than being on a more modest benefits package . 
  the point being that the sentence as put forward by the survey was misleading or at least not necessarily very clear . 
  not true . 
  it depends on the cash available to the company .
