  what a waste of 250 million . 
  the eu i would like to be a part of would offer something more than corrupt meps and inept bureaucrats in brussells . 
  yes , the uk has its problems but none of them will be solved by joining the eurozone or further integrating with the eu . 
  so kindly take your sanctimoniously attitude and baseless assumptions and , as you said , fuck you . 
  [ from wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_portugal ) :  corruption : corruption has become an issue of major political and economic significance for the portuguese . 
  the responsible authorities and many civic associations and think tanks are trying to combat corruption before it increases further . 
  many abusive lobbies and corruption schemes are related to concessions , unclear approvals to contractors and economic groups , or job creation for and commercial agreements with friends and family members , mainly involving the huge public sector and companies . 
  some cases are well known and were widely reported in the media , such as the affairs in several municipalities involving local town hall officials and businesspersons , as well as a number of politicians with wider responsibilities and power . 
  [ 42 ] [ 43 ] notable criminal cases include the face oculta , the oeiras municipality mayor isaltino morais scandal , the apito dourado and the saco azul de felgueiras . 
  according to the 2008 corruption perceptions index of countries published by transparency international , portugal had the 32nd lowest level of corruption , out of 180 countries . 
  in 2009 it had slumped to the 35th place . 
  also [ this link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/corruption_perceptions_index ) puts you in 32nd close to spain , which is significantly behind the better european nations . 
  granted you 're not as bad as italy or greece  edit : to the downvoters - seriously ? 
  you are happy to bash greece but portugal is out of bounds ? 
  argentina is possibly an extreme example of sovereign defaults but it certainly has not stopped the country from functioning . 
  spanish bonds are being hoovered up by the ecb and there have been suggestions that there would be market interventions to back them up . 
  though yes , the debt/gdp ratio is very good in spain . 
   one sends them to old school 2nd world economic status which is recoverable and another sends them to shitty african country status . 
  which one is which ? 
   they wo n't ever get another loan until they pay off everything that is denominated in euros . 
  that will be practically impossible with a new currency . 
  do n't be absurd , the imf and world bank will lend money to them , yes they will have to scale back spending a lot but they will also be able to write off a lot of debt which would help the greeks a lot . 
  argentina and many other countries have survived a default and prospered . 
   they are so pissed the rest of europe is allowing them to go through painful times they do n't even stop to consider what it would be without their help right now . 
  yeah , look at iceland , they bounced back quite well . 
  the problem is that if greece defaults it will fuck over germany , france and italy and to some extent the uk due to exposure to the greek debt . 
   they wanted into the euro in the first place . 
  the fact that they abused it has ensured painful times guaranteed . 
  bit rich coming from a spaniard ... 
   not very democratic , is it ? 
  i 'm a bit confused , since when did the eu become democratic ? 
  downvoters - at least have the courtesy to post a comment and say why you 're downvoting . 
  in the week or so i 've been following this subreddit it strikes me as a massive circlejerk . 
  at some point the eurozone is going to have to face economic reality - that is you can not have a monetary union without a fiscal union . 
  in the `` best '' case germany will take on the debt of the eu and basically dictate budgets to those that it has helped and the eu will take generations to recover from that . 
  the `` worst '' case may well be that the eurozone fragments and we revert to an erm style for those outside , it will give them more economic tools to fight the malaise and then hopefully euro ii will mean that only those that wish to enter in to a fiscal union will join the eurozone . 
  italy , well , how do you feal with them ? 
  their debt is massive and unless they sort themselves out they will only get worse . 
  italy , spain and portugal are just as bad . 
   `` do n't pay back a dime , leave the eu tomorrow , go back to the drachma , become instantly a poor third world country '' and  there has n't been enough austerity . 
  so , what you 're saying is damned if they do and damned if they dont ? 
  the problem is also that certain aspects of the political classes refuse to accept the negatives . 
  for example , the current euro crisis was predicted decades ago , you simply can not have a monetary union without a fiscal union . 
  the decision taken to form the euro was entirely political . 
  also , the actions of france and germany to ignore the 3 % budget deficit limit during the boom times made enforcing decisions harder . 
  the eu has brought us many benefits but far too little is done to fix the mistakes in a realistic way . 
  i could write an essay on the follies of your comments but i have neither the time not the inclination . 
  however , i would like to mock a few points in particular before i leave for the weekend :  the true economic powers of the continent ( france haha , yeah with their national champion - danone . 
  please , i have much respect for german industry but france is a laughing stock . 
  god knows where they 'd be without the cap . 
  they are even facing a downgrade themselves because the french banks are fucked . 
   thatchers and majors decision to keep britain out of the eurozone was one of the biggest mistakes your country ever made and your economy suffers from it ever since any evidence for this ? 
  or just empty rhetoric ? 
   where are all your car manufacturers where low paid jobs should be ; in eastern europe and china . 
   no one around here is rioting er , seen greece and italy ? 
  and what about the parisian banlieues ? 
   we kicked your economys ass even before the german reunification yep , all that american money went to good use i agree , and the wage deflation you 've undergone since reunification has allowed you to keep prices down while club med exploded , like i said , congratulations   have been in constant decline as a culture yeah , that 's why you 're on an american site and speaking english . 
  what ever our relative decline in the world i think culture is one where you 're clearly wrong . 
   good luck with the pound and as a nation do n't be too pissed that you have no say in eurozone matters frankly the further we get away from the eurozone the better , congratulationss on creating the 4th reich . 
  much cheaper than the last attempt i 'm sure . 
  i do not wish to suggest the chinese are running some agressive policy and will take over the eu any time soon but it does n't take a massive leap of faith to assume that for a $ 100bn investment that the meps and key decision makers in the eu will pay a lot of attention to what china wants . 
  hell lobbyists pay a lot less and get quite a good deal out of it . 
   ... and it will be cheaper for us personally . 
  and going back to your earlier comment above i think it should not be cheaper for us because we ( eu ) clearly need to learn to live within our means , if something is cheaper then resources may well be squandered again . 
  not yet , but that does not mean there wo n't be . 
  in terms of geopolitics the chinese have increased their power quite a lot . 
  if they were to withdraw support for the us ( or eu ) then it could cause lots of problems . 
  who is to say that deals are not done behind closed doors ? 
  the chinese are no fools they will be getting back more than the face value of the loan + interest . 
  keeping the eu and us indebted to them is a shrewd move . 
   as long as they do n't get to attach political conditions to the money it 's all good . 
  and if they do ? 
  it did , right up until france and germany broke the rules , they they gave up . 
  i 've never really cared for tintin and will not bother seeing the movie . 
  why is this being downvoted ? 
  anyone else see this as a bad move ? 
  i feel like we 're doing you a service , we 're far too kind . 
  after all the club med women do tend to be short and hairy . 
  funny you should say that ... 
  i 'm sure the northern europeans find it very insulting that the piigs continue to have corrupt governments and leech off the rest of us . 
  each to their own eh ? 
   but a common fiscal policy is not necessary for a successful monetary union . 
  no such agreement existed under the gold standard . 
  nor does one exist now between the us and the several countries -- including china -- which have pegged their exchange rate to the dollar . 
  sorry , but this guy is wrong . 
  china et al who are pegged to the dollar are not in a monetary union . 
  they can change that peg at any time . 
  greece on the other hand can not . 
  that is the best rebuttal you can come up with ? 
  reading the article does raise some valid points about the problems of what the eu is proposing . 
  the leaders of france and germany had not dug themselves this hole in the first place . 
  everyone wants to be your friend when times are good and the drinks are free . 
  how odd , which airport was this ? 
  i 've been through a lot of the major ones with work and never faced this problem . 
  i 've been there loads of times over the years , it is an interesting country and a lot more homogenous than europe i find . 
  the east and west costs feel more european in mentality and the bit in the middle feels quite different and it is very interesting to see the contrasts . 
  i found oklahoma and texas to be fascianting . 
  there are a lot of bad things about american society which we see in abundance here on reddit but honestly i do n't think the day to day is so bad for the majority of americans , at least not the ones i have met . 
  i would n't want to live there but it 's an interesting experience to visit . 
  there 's a lot of value in parts of europe , if malta collapsed tomorrow i doubt anyone would notice the same could probably be said for the baltics ; they are such a tiny part of the eu .
