  yes !, 
  damned americanisms . 
  slightly more seriously it bodes well for a united europe when we see such headlines . 
  we would benefit from a shared language . 
  anecdata it may be but most of my friends are looking to move and they are in their 30s . 
  two have already moved to germany , 1 to the uk . 
  by young you mean 30-something professionals with jobs in russia ? 
  much like the purges of stalin i dont think it is much of a worry . 
  my wife is russian and we have many russian friends in the uk and in russia ( obviously ) , many that have n't left want to leave . 
  those that want to stay are usually ones who are invested in the corrupt system . 
  i 'd be interested to know how many physicists in uk universities are russian as there seems to be a hell of a lot of them , 
  yep , it is the goal of all educated russians to get out !, 
  by `` it '' i presume you mean the eu ? 
  if not , then what follows it mostlt hogwash :-) the eurozone is entirely and utterly culpable for the euro crisis . 
  all the problems had been present since the inception of the euro . 
  none of it was a surprise , it was always a case of `` when '' and not `` if '' the eurozone had a crisis . 
  that germany and france broke the maastricht criteria years before should have been a bit of a red flag . 
  then , when the crisis did unfold it tried all means possible to avoid putting issues to a vote despite many countries not least germany , having constitutions that required as much . 
  we 've had technocratic governments imposed upon member states ( greece , italy ) . 
  the ecb is operating with an implicit printing press back by germany which should german growth start to slow or things not look so rosy in germany then we 'll be in an even worse place . 
  sure , the eu is more trustworthy than some governments but that 's damning with faint praise and shows that we still have a very very long way to go . 
  for the netherlands , or indeed any northern nation to accept an inferior government is a very brave thing to present to the electorate who are n't used to dealing with the levels of corruption and incompetence we 're seeing in the eu . 
  i remember times before mobile phones . 
  a lot of time as spent making sure you werent late for meeting someone otherwise finding them would be a bitch . 
  yes , i know haider was a bit different but the `` collective punishment '' routine is the precedent i am thinking of . 
  see [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1k9bvn/russia_worried_as_ukraine_creeps_closer_to_eu/cbmwpnq ) how we can enact it without the direct threat of intervention . 
  ok , maybe it was presented as individual states but it was incredibly well orchestrated for said states . 
  because the `` threat '' or punishments can happen at the eu level . 
  for example , if government procurement does n't follow best practice then companies operating in that country are exempt , or meps ( or some functionary ) is not allowed to sit on that board . 
  this does n't directly threaten member state sovereignty but it does give the eu a stick as well as the carrot . 
  or y' know we could fix the corruption ? 
   once you 're in the eu the government becomes a lot more comparable to other countries . 
  croatia , for example , is now compared to germany in terms of democracy and so on . 
  with all due respect to the croats and others i really do n't believe this to be the case . 
  even in countries with moderate ( ? ), 
  corruption like spain there 's little or no drive for improvements . 
  now i am no expert on eastern european politics but many of my friends who moved to the uk continue to complain about corruption `` back home '' , it may be they are jaded and do n't see the changes as much any more but coupled with what i have seen in the press i do n't think we 're making as bit a stride as we should on corruption . 
   it would be rather nice if the eu had an organisation for exposing corruption or something . 
  you know , it has all the appropriate equipment : courts , civil servants , law which supersedes national law , money , an ability to persecute member states . 
  it 's the kind of thing they 'd be good at , and it might even help with the eu 's image problem . 
  truthfully i 'd be a lot more pro-europe if this sort of thing happened . 
  moreso , in that when the eu is so inclined it does appear to have the power to do so . 
  look at how austria was treated when jorg haider was elected some time ago . 
   japan is fine because its citizens are buying all the bonds it issues . 
  if by `` fine '' you mean are storing up a whole load of problems and delaying the inevitable then yes , they are fine . 
  japan 's ability to sustain its insanity is not infinite . 
  at some point it 's going to have to go to the printing presses or tell a lot of old folks that they are n't getting that money back . 
  that the japanese post office ( ca n't remember its proper name ) where most people save is controlled by the government who , surprise surprise , invest in gov bonds well ... there should be a hint of worry there . 
  a lot of the admitted members from the east are still highly corrupt and then italy ... what 's one more corrupt nation ? 
  that is the first time i have ever heard of london described as cheap . 
  he does have a point though . 
  if the eu did side against the uk on whatever grounds , i could very easily see the uk exiting . 
  i 'm surprised london is top . 
  i 'd have thought it 'd be paris or rome . 
  protip : do n't be average . 
  it states `` those in the labour market '' by my knowledge that purposefully excludes those in full time education . 
   among those in the labour market aged 15-24 , the rate is 64.9 % , that 's insane . 
  greed is a tricky one . 
  but corruption is easy to target in principle but the practice is much harder . 
  fistly , stop accepting corrupt practices as acceptable . 
  this is both a personal thing and a collective thing . 
  secondly , prosecute those who are corrupt . 
  rinse and repeat until the costs of being corrupt are seen as too high . 
  i 'd strongly disagree with that last bit . 
  the french are incredibly good at realpolitik . 
  it 's half the reason they are as powerful as they are . 
  in recent times it has been the uk that has been underperforming in that area which is quite odd for us , we normally outperform . 
  was that because of all the destroyed eggs we read about earlier ? 
   you get selected so , no chance of corruption there what so ever !, 
  even reading the [ appointment criteria ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_commission#appointment ) is rather depressing . 
  also , that caroline ashton and peter mendelson , hell most of the uk representatives are there through political nepotism does n't speak well for the selection process . 
  ms ashton is wholly inept for the role she has . 
  now it may we ll be that the uk for some reason has selected unsuitable candidates on purpose since i do n't know the politics of other countries as well as i know the uk 's it 's hard to judge . 
  like i said , the uk has its issues but if you 're suggesting that it is as corrupt as italy , greece or spain then you 're most definitely wrong . 
  it 's hard to make smashing wheat or oats look threatening . 
  you 're asking a eurosceptic , i dont understand it either :d, 
  you forget that for a lot of people the eu is less corrupt than their own nations . 
  the uk has its issues and i 'm sure sweden does too but i think on average our nations are significantly less corrupt than the eu norm . 
  north is less corrupt than the south which is less corrupt than the east . 
   wtf . 
  why are n't all these people fired ? 
  that is blatant corruption and breaking of the rules . 
  why does the eu keep corrupt peope in power ? 
  because much of the eu is corrupt . 
  he might be a more effective politician once he 's dead . 
  a few billion euros . 
  be fair !, 
  the italian justice system is better than somalia 's and maybe uganda 's . 
  do those people see nothing wrong with destroying the miniscule creditbility the italian legal and justice system has ? 
  ok , but let us at least give the system time to bed in , evolve and gain legitimacy . 
  force feeding unwanted undemocratic change upon society is not going to help as we can see . 
  i 'm not trying to suggest that euroscepticism is a great position only that by forcing moderates out to the fringes the eu had removed a lot of legitimate criticism . 
  also the netherlands existed before the eu and could exist out of it . 
  there is no reason for the talk of ever closer union when the eu bureacracy is clearly incapable of managing the capabilities it currently has . 
  the eu should stop and consolidate what it does without trying to go any further . 
  i 'd argue it is getting worse though . 
  france , ireland and the netherlands have all rejected eu treaties in recent times . 
  the irish were asked again so they could get the `` correct '' answer . 
  greece and italy have had technocratic governments imposed upon then . 
  the eu is already getting rid of that pesky democractic thing and replacing it with a chinese-style autocracy .
