  ... serious ? 
   it 's about the nouveau rich in developing countries who have a hankering for ` quality ' wines , which means european i am struggling here - so we should subsidise french winemakers so people in developing markets can enjoy the wine more cheaply ? 
  pardon my french but bugger that for a game of soldiers !, 
  charge them more if they want it !, 
   and that 's just with wine , let alone other produce . 
  indeed , so much damn waste :|, 
  i can only hope you 're joking . 
  there are a million better ways to work on future food security . 
  a bunch of little old grannies running wineries in france and italy are not going to feed the future . 
  i 'd sooner the eu invested in long term growth rather than clinging to inefficient means of production . 
  if that small tourist town needs to charge tourists more then so be it . 
  taxing the rest of us to keep some useless job going is not helping anyone in the long term . 
  americans are always our weakest link :\\, 
  aneurysm incoming ... seriously not one of those reasons should justify taxation across the whole damn eu to fund farmers regardless of size . 
  it 's disgusting and disgraceful . 
  that 's still `` most '' why the f *** are we subsidising wine production ? 
  do n't get me wrong i love wine but it 's insane to subsidise that . 
  yeah i 'd go for that, 
  you mean they are full of hot air and defend national interests ? 
  yeah , they 're just like every other government then !, 
  it would but we already get castigated as `` bad '' europeans as it is . 
  it 'd be nice if we ( all the eu members ) tried to build a better europe instead of a slightly less corrupt version of bulgaria . 
  we continually call for the abolition of the cap . 
  is that not enough ? 
  by the sounds of it hell must freeze first . 
  italy your legal system is a joke . 
  that 's one hell of a loophole that needs closing . 
  surely if the factory and the business is owned by the majority of the same people you could conclude that it is the same business ? 
  while i 'm sympathetic to their plight i 'm not sure what they are trying to achieve . 
  spanish law is no doubt different but with the company in liquidation if there ar eany assets workers are top of the pile when it comes to getting paid what it owed . 
  if only we had more say in the eu, 
  ireland is * such * a massive market :p  you would never watch german scifi-series , no matter how good production values , plot etc. 
  it would have . 
  speaking personally , i would do , have done and enjoy good films from europe . 
  scant few of them in recent times though the same can be said for films generally . 
  swedens `` the girl with ... '' series did reasonably well even before it was butchered by hollywood . 
  i can accept that comparing it for finland is a bit unrealistic , but france ? 
  france has a population roughly the same size as the uk and while it may not match the anglosphere there is a decent sized francophone population . 
   if the uk does n't want to do that , you 're welcome . 
  yes , but other areas where we and indeed the rest of the eu could gain are being held hostage on a french whim . 
  imagine the outcry if the uk had done the same for something . 
   also , all those bbc series ( hustle , to name just a single brilliant one ) are taxpayer funded . 
  do you want to abolish that , too ? 
  in principle yes however , i 's slightly different . 
  you do not have to pay for a tv license and so you can choose not to fund the bbc and many do just that . 
  also , bbc worldwide has a goal of selling products globally , which with the likes of top gear and dr who it has had much success . 
  also the bbc frequently engages with commercial ( mostly american ) companies to produce things like life and blue planet . 
  channel 4 for example , i believe should be privatised and not subsidised by the taxpayer . 
  edit : inspired by another comment i 'd also say the bbc should not be paying big stars big paychecks if it is to continue with its protected status . 
   without subsidy , the french cinema would be reduced to 3-4 movies a year out of which only 0.3 would be remarkable ... and you 'd hear about it when hollywood would remake it . 
  so , they stopped subsidies already ? 
  i can barely think of a handful of decent french films in recent times . 
  feature films have been done in many ways , some like the blair witch project and kevin smiths `` clerks '' were done on incredibly low budgets . 
  both of those incidentally before the mass adoption of the internet . 
  in principle there 's no reason why you ca n't crowdfund a film , or at least get it to a stage that a studio will fund it . 
  social media can have a very good role to play here . 
  i 've not seen the film you mention but for every major success there are major flops and as a simple point of principle i dont see why taxpayers should be forced to fund shitty french films when there are already more than enough private providers of same . 
  edit : also , it 's certainly not worth vetoing trade talks for . 
  20 or 30 years ago i would probably have agreed with you , but nowawdays with the proliferation of crowd-sourcing and other avenues for artist and creative types to fund and present their material i can not see any reason why taxpayers should be funding such whims . 
  if only they would be . 
  perhaps we should start with a simple european democracy . 
  hmm , i still quit elike them . 
  ken robinso is awesome . 
  i think it depends on the talk a lot more these days . 
  quality is varaible . 
  that 's not very clever thinking is it ? 
  the middle and long term is someone elses problem . 
  we need solutions now !, 
  the social division in my view is not helpful it clings to concepts which are - in a globalised world - increasingly outdated and unhelpful . 
  the 2008 crisis saw many socialist , or at least left-leaning governments bail out the banking system it what can only described a disgraceful crime against humanity . 
  paupering society in order to save the banking system . 
  while i am under no illusion that a right wing government would have done much different , let 's be clear that this is not capitalism , it is state corporatism in all but name . 
  the `` true '' left , those who still fight the class war and seek to protect workers rights are icnreasingly missing the point . 
  you can damn the rich and successful all you like but from their perspective the problem is n't the rich as such it is globalisation that enables freer movement of capital and to a lesser extent labour . 
  yet globalisation has enabled a better life for the majority of people worldwide . 
  it is not without costs however . 
  it is these costs that the west - and in particular the eu - is failing to address . 
  rather than seeking to embrace change we see governments backsliding towards protectionism ( france , always france ) and relative isolationism . 
  it 's like people have forgotten history !, 
  rather than demonise china and others as they seek to grow their economies we should seek to support them and engage for the betterment of our species rather than cheap political point scoring so another generation , maybe 2 if we are lucky can enjoy a style of life that billions would kill for . 
  instead of focusing on the false talisman of the rich and how we can screw yet more tax out of them maybe we should consider what it is we offer and promise our citizens and seek to make things more sustainable . 
  punative taxation will pauper all of us and cause a brain drain and other locations seek to pay more for the highly skilled workers we need to remain competitive . 
  class warfare is a redundant ideology for a time long gone . 
  corruption and the state are more of our enemy . 
  why does not the eu promote transparency ? 
  it pays so much lip service to it yet hides behind so much damned obfuscation it beggars belief . 
  indeed not , but dividing society and creating and us and then mentality only seeks to hieghten social conflict . 
  simply denouncing the rich and corporations add the source of all problems is highly disingenuous but a common theme amongst left leaning parties because it creates a spectre much like the eternal welfare recipient for the right . 
  we need to improve education and focus on steps that will benefit all of society and not set one group against another . 
  europe already promises its citizens more than it can afford , we 're still quite some way ahead of emerging economies but unless a major war kicks in and the west wins it wont be long before the eu loses a lot of what generations fought for . 
  as noted elsewhere in the thread we in the west are moving to a state where there will be a much higher structural unemployment on the one hand this might be positive as we move to a post scarcity economy . 
  however , the `` rich '' must fund an ever increasing number of welfare recipients with every higher costs ( health care for example ) . 
  as a principle i doubt many people object to paying tax it is the scale that pisses most people - myself included though i am far from rich . 
  the tax system is for many middle class individuals moving from redistribution to punitive . 
  without a strong state to dictate economic policy and a great deal of personal freedom we are staying to see an emergent underclass that is not necessarily uneducated but miseducated . 
  the direct consequence of which is certain sectors struggle to find skilled workers while unemployment rises . 
  it does happen though . 
  i know of several high net worth families , not the kind of people that will ever make the headlines but more money than most will see in a 100 lifetimes , and they spend a lot of time making sure they pay as little as they can and is often in very ingenuous ways . 
  simply because you do n't see it does n't mean it is n't happening . 
   so we can use reasoning to determinate which ideas are worth defending to this extent .
