  indeed !, 
  we can not have this madness continue . 
  i 'm not crying you anything just suggesting that people read the article before the usual automatic down vote . 
  one of the positives of the labour government was that they did increase the benefits paid to those at the bottom . 
  they did kiddy a lot out of poverty . 
  i 'm guessing that made things a lot prettier than before . 
  sadly , as with much of labours spending it was not done with sustainability in mind . 
  i. . . am lost for words . 
  if by `` steady and stable '' you mean the government threw money at everything and hoped it fixed the problem sure . 
  but you hardly need to scratch the surface to see how much public debt shot up under labour , how the deficit - even during the peak of the boom was significant . 
  banking regulation was poorly managed to the point of criminality . 
  then there 's the nhs it contract , pfi which ballooned under labour as it enabled them to hide borrowing . 
  stealth taxes and increases on taxes on pension funds . 
  ok , it may look pretty if you were on benefits but the problems we have now are not a direct consequence of the `` global '' recession but a direct response to the poor economic situation handed to us by brown et al. 
  if you think `` no-one '' could see what was happening then you were n't reading very much . 
  the eurozone crisis was practically a given since the maastricht criteria was fudged for the germans and french . 
  house prices were acknowledged as bubbly as early as 2006 . 
  sure , there are always doom-mongers and who wants to rock the boat when we 're all bathing in gravy ? 
  maybe i am having selective memory brought about by a cold but when labour were in power the guardian managed to mix adulation and hate quite deftly . 
  blair was both the most evil man since hitler for his war crimes and the patron saint of alleviating poverty for making sure everyone and his dog got benefits . 
   also gordon brown was doing an alright job when he was in charge of the economy , nobody could have seen what happened coming . 
  holy crap i hope you are trolling . 
  it 's populated with champagne socialists who tend to be antiestablishment regardless of who is in power . 
   it 's the boom-bust cycle pfft , gordon brown eliminated that dotcha know ? 
  how did you reach the keyboard ? 
  ah , but they will point to atos and the screwing up of welfare reforms and the lot of the poor ( while of course they sip their champagne and complain about the prices of villas in the south of france and how it just is n't as ` authentic ' as it used to be ) . 
  labour , well bliar , preached a religion , a belief and in some respects it would be churlish to say they didnt succeed , but to pretend they are a genuine left-wing party is to stretch a point . 
  they ensured that as many people as possible were being paid their own money as one benefit or another . 
  and the current crop have no ideology worth mentioning . 
  the left wing in the uk died with clause 4 ( iirc ) . 
  this has upset the likes of the grauniad since it highlights they were never really socialists / left-wingers only apologists . 
  david mitchell is a good case in point . 
  he is well spoken and makes many a good point . 
  however , where it comes to realistic solutions he 's hopeless . 
  not to say the right is much better ... / jaded cynicism . 
  edit : i forgot relative poverty . 
  that ones always a winner . 
  it 's the guardian , while the tories are in power everything is wrong . 
  any positive economic news will be counter balanced with details of the environmental catastrophe being unleashed by such naked capitalism . 
  i know a lot of people dont like the economist ( or me ) around here , but this article is a very good read . 
  ** urbanized ** : has , or contains , urbans . 
   but it is no coincidence that the crisis is global . 
  please forgive me for using this saying but `` you 're not stuck in traffic you * are * traffic '' . 
  the eu is no economic minnow that the rest of the world can casually overlook it is a massiove trading bloc that if it has a problem the world has a problem thus i 'd suggest it is disingeuous to say that the eu was swept away be prevailing winds . 
  it was helping generate the wind in the first place . 
  the `` micro '' acts of the greek , spanish , british and many other governments helped trigger the events we saw . 
  the eu ( collectively ) is not an innocent bystander caught out by freakish events . 
   the rules made in the eu were not enforced , does that mean the eu is bad ? 
  no , it seems the individual countries are . 
  if someone commits murder and is caught but not tried despite the mountain of evidence against them then yes the system is at fault more than the individual . 
  the system , in this case the machinery of the eu , should be enforcing the rules as i said previously if it is incapable of even doing that then i can only question its competence . 
  i expect there to be bad countries ( or rather bad policies in individual countries ) much like bad people exist in the world . 
  if i dont have faith that the eu will uphold the rules it sets out then well , how am i expected to have any faith in it at all ? 
   however such short sightedness will be detrimental for the future . 
  i could n't agree with you more , but going back to 2004 ( ? ), 
  and the eu constitution it is again evident that either the politicians are unwilling to be honest with the electorate or that the electorate want different things from the political elites . 
  i do n't mind the politicians driving things but it 's clear that the debate is neither open nor sincere . 
  and it is this that causes the problems because no-one dares to bring about a plan or series of plans to explain how we can all benefit and what the costs will be . 
  things are obfuscated out of view and then presented as a fait accompli . 
  no wonder people get pissed off . 
   the corruption and incompetence of the eu is an opinion i do not share . . 
  if you have some data about this i 'd be interested to see it . 
  love to . 
  how do you marry 1 gay ? 
  did i say that ? 
  nope . 
  going by my years spent in granada and the surrounding villages/towns you 'd get free tapas with a drink . 
  on top of that the local food was incredibly cheap and very enjoyable , so much so that i am now sick of the sight of olives . 
  yes , i 'd agree that if you want tex mex , chinese or a curry then you 're probably going to overpay ( relatively ) and get a crap meal . 
  certainly chinese food is not very nice there in my experience . 
  but for that 's kind of self-defeating , spanish cuisine is generally very enjoyable and it is only because the uk has such a long history of different cultural integration that we can consider the tikka massala as british as fish and chips . 
  not a bad thing is such diversity normal outside of the big cities ? 
  utter nonsense . 
  my parents and even my grandparents had a very multicultural outlook on the world and life . 
  i have family in south africa , spain and australia from previous generatiosns . 
  and you know what ? 
  most of them are eurosceptic because they have seen the history of the eu and its many , many limitations . 
  i think too many younger people are naively optimistic about what the eu can achieve and project the failings of their own governments on to the saviour that is the eu . 
  despite the eu demonstrating it is incapable . 
  the uk needs at least a top 10 . 
  as much as i do n't mind drinknig alhambra beer in the summer months it 's nowhere near the quality of british beer . 
  spanish `` inexpensive '' restaurant food is way better than the british equivalent , at least in andalucia . 
  can we make countries up ? 
  if so the weather of southern italy , the countryside of norway with the german economy and british sarcasm, 
  true , italy more than spain but while germany remains strong there is always the chance that they can and will continue the bailout, 
  if the german economy were to significant weaken with out much change to the current status in other countries then there will be one hell of a capital flight from the eurozone and bond yields will rise . 
  if the ecb starts the printing presses then we 'll see major inflation . 
  until germany weakens . 
  then it 'll go downhill very quickly . 
  no room for misinterpretation there eh ? 
  is a good way to communicate complex ideas and the subtleties of politics . 
  united through diversity is utter bollocks . 
  languages divide , put a brit and an assuie in the same room with a german and chances are the brit and assuie will quickly find some common ground . 
  by having a shared language we are quickly able to share ideas . 
  nothing is lost in translation . 
  it is for political and cultural reasons that we maintain separate languages and there is much merit in being bilingual . 
  languages certainly have value and inspire interest . 
  so yes , let 's pick a language and teach it across europe and ensure that our populations are multilingual from an early age . 
  i dislike esperanto add it is am artifical language and from what i have seen removes a lot of nuance that other languages have . 
  i would suggest english due to its global dominance but if spanish or german was chosen then so be it .
