  see more on this [ video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqw4w9wgxcq ), 
  you 've really not understood the realpolitik and evil genious of putin . 
  he may have sent the economy to recession but now he has the perfect scapegoat - evil western sanctions . 
  simply take a look at his popularity ratings , or how people view him on the russian clone of facebook . 
  he 's a hero to many russians for getting crimea . 
  also , look how `` weak '' the west has looked when a country basically walktzed in and annexed a part of another country . 
  what has europe or the us done other than issue a few stern words and kick russia out of the g7 ? 
  we all know the west will not go to war with russia over crimea . 
  putin knows that too . 
  so in all fairness putin has executed the annexation of crimea and the trophy of sevastopol with ease . 
  i ca n't say i like or admire the guy but he has played his hand very , very well . 
   and golf is just ~ ~ hitting a ball with a stick . ~ ~ ruining a nice walk in the country . 
  i did , thoroughly loved it , 
  i still love [ this ] ( http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/yes,_minister#episode_five:_the_writing_on_the_wall ) quote . 
  some of the best comedy ever that despite the 80s clothes has aged very well indeed . 
  the interest is another state that shares the same philosophy . 
  although we 've stopped exporting democracy to the world it us always beneficial if another country joins the club . 
  ukraine has some interesting resources and is close to russia . 
  but it 's probably not worth dying for, 
  aside from the nukes see [ my comment here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/20mcoi/who_is_next_after_the_crimea/cg4sfpa ), 
   recently we 've had decent submarines too when a boat sinks it does n't automatically make is a submarine , 
  if only it were that simple ... 
  the problem with the current situation is that whatever happens putin comes out of this ( in the eyes of the ordinary russian ) smelling of roses . 
  he either gets to keep crimea in which case he has won a significant strategic battle . 
  or , the west forces economic sanctions on to russia and the economic problems russia is now facing can be blamed squarely on the west . 
  and i 'm sure putin will find some petty way to retaliate . 
  or , the west stands up to russia militarily and we get the same as above with the added potential of a conventional war kicking off . 
  europes economies will tank and it 'd be interesting to see where china stands . 
  it is unlikely at this point that putin will be forced out and even if he was it is not clear that the various factions in the kremlin would be any improvement . 
  so , putin needs to find a distraction from the problems at home . 
  the west is the perfect scapegoat and we really dont want to prolong his rule and play in to what he wants . 
   crappy service for high price . 
  sounds like every other resort in southern europe , 
   he can take it and nobody will stop him is it worth having a confrontation with a nuclear power over something that russia is very unlikely to give up ? 
  give them crimea and ensure the rst of ukraine becomes part of the eu . 
  let the freedom and wealth that can come with being a part of the eu speak for itself . 
  russia is on a downward spiral , let it fail without giving putin the excuse he needs to blame the west . 
  this person should not be allowed . 
  and i would be the first to say that they should be a part of russia or independent state if that is what they desire . 
  however , the legitimacy of any such vote is highly in question while there are russian soldiers camped out across the place . 
  it would help russias cause no end if they withdrew their troops in to the bases and let the ukranian state function as normal . 
  crimeans should decide what happens in crimea . 
  but they should do so in a free and fair way and not at the end of a russian gun . 
  send in international monitors - including russians , let there be a free vote . 
  fair enough , so why does russia need to send an occupying force ? 
  use the ballot box . 
  it 's a great lesson for iran and others . 
  former nuclear power gives up nukes on condition of integrity of national border supported by the key global powers . 
  one of those parties decides to annexe and everyone suddenly gets interested in what colour the ceiling is . 
  why the hell would any nuclear nation agree to anything similar in the future ? 
  i 'd be mildly surprised if this doesnt lead to another arms race of sorts . 
  the west is ( rightfully ) fearful of war with russia , who the hell wants to ruin almost 70 years of relative peace with a country armed with nukes and a president batshit insane enough that he might just use them ? 
  on the centenary of the first world war which some say started with the assassination of an archduke ( or as blackadder put it `` a family argument that everyone else got involved in ) it seems somewhat ironic that the end result of this could be war . 
  the alternatives are more interesting though : * russia gets crimea and the west looks like a bunch of idiots . 
  maybe russia will throw some gas to what is left of ukraine as a sweetener so no one pushes the case * russia leaves the crimea and gets guarantees about its navy base . 
  * the west forces a stand off economically and potentially militarily which will hurt european economies a hell of a lot probably sending a few crashing back beneath the waves ( cyprus , maybe greece ), 
  oops . 
  yes , that one . 
  * cap * the eu parliaments travelling circus * democratic deficit * the eus power structure . 
  nation states * caroline ashton to name but a few, 
  not be corrupt and shit . 
  you dont need id to buy a train or bus ticket in the uk . 
  french-fry eating surrender monkey !, 
  the reason is the black fleet . 
  without it russian access to the mediterranean is limited and it loses a lot of power, 
  it 's better than calling it a haddock . 
  i dont think you 've been paying attention . 
  france and germany can break the rules because of thier inherent exceptionalism and well , they 're just too damn sexy !, 
  so the egsp will bend over backwards to accomodate them . 
  when greece or other smaller country breaks the rules there will be some finger wagging and some very `` brave '' speeches given as germany writes a few more cheques . 
  but nothing will change because the germans and french do n't want the embaressment of being told `` hey why are you punishing us you broke the rules first ? '', 
  after some time once everyone is blind and unable to distinguish comedy from reality there will be a crisis , possibly externally triggered in which all of the above comes out in the wash . usually screwing over the small countries . 
  there will be no sanctions , only cuddles wih 50 euro notes . 
   ask your national government to do a `` referendum '' and when you vote against the eu you get asked to vote again until you get it right ? 
  how very democratic . 
  it makes a banana republic look sensible . 
  are you kidding ? 
  i talk to people all the time in london , whether it it helping tourists or talking to people in pubs and what not . 
  sure , talking on the tube is a bit of a no-no but london is a relatively friendly place . 
  in what circle of hell must you be in to want to win eurovision ? 
   where are you from and how big is the skepticism in your country ? 
  uk , pretty significant . 
   what relevant political parties are running in the ep elections in may ? 
  conservatives , labour , liberal democrat , ukip and a handful of smaller parties ( en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_parliament_election,_2014_ ( united_kingdom ) #opinion _ polls )  what are the circumstances in your country , that make people skeptical ? 
  a mixture of national pride , distrust for european politicians - mainly the french and southern european countries , we tend to respect germany . 
  and also a feeling that the eu does not work in our interests , this often gets brought up when we `` gold plate '' eu laws and others ( french ) spend years not implementing them . 
   what groups of age , wealth etc. 
  tend to be skeptical ? 
  mainly older people tend to be sceptical but there 's a reasonable cross-section of society that is sceptical . 
   do people want your country to step out of eu or do they just want eu to change some things ? 
  a minority want out all together , the majority just want things changed for the better . 
   burying your head in the sand is n't going to make the issue go away . 
  it almost worked for the eurocrisis . 
  on a principled level i agree with you . 
  however , on a practical and slightly selfish level i do wish governments would do more to promote marriage ( including gay marriage ) and help couples who successfully cohabit and have kids . 
  simply because having kids is a benefit to the nation/economy overall and we should invest more in making better parents . 
  there seems to be very little out there to help parents who do n't need direct social services intervention ( i.e. 
  normal families that do n't have drug/violence problems ) . 
  i had to sign more paperwork to get two guinea pigs than i did to take my newborn home . 
  after which the state mostly leaves you alone .
