  if they do n't , the eu will suffer a smaller supply - but if the eu is willing to pay that price , why not ? 
  indeed , i have no quarrel with this bit except to say that the eu is far too protectionist and would be more so given the chance . 
  i think the eu is dooming itself to future failure with its current policies . 
   for example founding and choosing schools in belgium is effectively free market - grant money follows the sutdents . 
  while in the usa people are typically assigned to a school based on where they live . 
  i 'm glad to hear belgium has a sensible system . 
  it would be good to replicate this around the rest of europe . 
   you contradict yourself . 
  you say we absolutely need to let go our privileges and then turn around and say there 's no point competing on labor cost . 
  what shall it be ? 
  i mean we should not compete with china on low-cost labour . 
  we should seek to use our comparative advantage in education and highly-skilled work . 
   why ca n't a nurse be able to give you an appendisectomy ? 
  it 's not like a heart surgery or something . 
  nurses do a lot of tasks that were previously in the realm of doctors . 
  in so far as possible i have no objection to training nurses to perform tasks which allow doctors to perform harder operations . 
   what we 're seeing in south europe right now is how some of those laws are suddenly ignored or derogued and how many of our basic service infrastructures ( health care comes to mind ) are being dismantled and privatised to the benefit of a very real oligarchy . 
  what you are seeing in southern europe is what has been there for far too long . 
  systemic corruption . 
  that is not the fault of capitalism/liberalism any more than it 'd be the fault of communism or socialism . 
  corruption can exist in any system . 
   but i 'm afraid you 're being disingenous now . 
  you know pretty damn well that when you talk about `` competing on a global stage '' you mean competing against the likes of china or bangladesh ( which i 'm sure they are beautiful countries ) , yes and no - europe should not be competing with china of low wage jobs but seeking to improve its share of the knowledge and service economies - see [ comparative advantage ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/comparative_advantage ) . 
  it 's not about competing in a race to the bottom but investing to have a race to the top . 
  it is no good whatsoever trying to save jobs in industries whose main component relies on cheap labour . 
   something which involves setting our current labour laws decades back and developing an underpaid working class with barely no rights who 'll spend all their lives living in poverty . 
  no , i 'm suggesting we spend more on education so we do n't get in to this position , but if we maintain the status quo and insist on aimless protectionism a la french model of economics we will end up exactly where you describe . 
   you ask me to provide an alternative narrative on how the world should look like and stuff , but i have none . 
  i really do n't . 
  it 's very easy to be a critic , but criticising something without any alternative is just whining . 
  suggest an alternative and at least debate can be constructive . 
   here you are adhering to your dogma and how things would be better once the state gets out of the way of bold and probably handsome enterpreneurs i am all in favour of state regulation , i really am . 
  but there is a world of difference between `` good '' and `` bad '' regulation . 
  in europe we have far too much of the bad kind for my liking and far too many vested interests in keeping things as they are . 
  as a society we would do well to embrace change and not be so fearful of it . 
   anyway , we 're not discussing what liberalisation should and should n't mean , but what it actually is . 
  you 're right , europe is a risk averse place , but that 's not that much of a bad thing when we take into account that sometimes the reason some of those regulations are there is to protect people 's quality of life ( when not their actual lives , and let 's go back to engineers now being able to give their ok to building projects without having to consult an architect ) . 
  ok , to play this point a little more - why * ca n't * an engineer give an ok to a simple house conforming to a standard design ? 
  i agree it is different if you 're building a nuclear power station or a bridge or something . 
  but a simple house ? 
  not to say there should not be some regulations because it is clear there should be , but why have such a narrow scope as to say `` only architects can ok building projects '' why not allow others to do more standard and basic construction projects ? 
   do you realise that you ca n't suggest that more liberalisation of labour would be beneficial for europe and , in the same comment , say that european citizens should n't ask for a better life than those currently working in sweatshops across asia ? 
  and somehow you may even find surprising that some of us expect our politicians to protect us from corporations willing to turn your vision into a reality . 
  i think you missed the point somewhat - or at least my point . 
  europeans should ak for a better quality of life , but then so should *** every human on the planet *** . 
  what i mean is that there is no universal law , no `` god '' - given right to have what we have . 
  we must earn it in some form or other . 
  for every euro or pound or dollar or resource that we spend supporting the ill , the unemployed , or something that resource must come from somewhere . 
  now , we could revert to military interventionalism and empire building but i think history has shown that such things are costly and give rise to a very unstable world which is not pleasent to live in . 
  or we can try something else - which we call [ globalization ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/globalization ) . 
  clearly this is a big subject and i ca n't argue the whole thing here but as a basic principle globalisation allows for greater exploitation of the [ division of labour ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/division_of_labour ) . 
  take an example - if the uk only allows steel to be made in the uk to be used in the uk and allows no imports then you have a very small market , unit costs ( and typically overall costs ) will be much higher than a company which is able to trade globally . 
  the past few decades is full of examples of this ( british steel now tata none the less ) . 
  [ protectionism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/protectionism ) which is what the french seem to constantly favour on the grounds of `` social good '' is really not a great strategy and has been demonstratably a failure throughout history . 
  the point being that if we wish to maintain our social benefits then we must compete on a global stage because we also benefit a lot from globalisation . 
  the `` problem '' with corporations lobbying governments is a question of legislation and better regulation not wholescale abandonment of free market capitalism . 
  we need to evolve regulation as we learn from our mistakes not blanket ban things because they are difficult . 
  as i said in the previous post we need to invest more in our people through education and training because yes , to be unskilled in a world which is increasingly needing skilled people is an invitation to poverty . 
  no amount of taxation on billionaires or companies is going to stop that . 
  it will simply move industry to more receptive countries that want the economic growth . 
  feel free to provide an alternative narrative and tell me what the world should look like from your point of view but the european `` vision '' of navel gazing and introspection coupled with a french desire for protectionism is going to damn the eu to become the africa of tomorrow . 
   i mean , to take one of the mst talked about issues , obviously the greeks understood before the recession that one ca n't have a huge bulk of public employeed that are unfireable and hired for life . 
  however , no one bothered to change it before , and as always , the longer one waits , the more painful it ibecomes , unfortunately . 
  there was another economist article which said it nicely : `` the trouble is that the politicians are squandering the chance for orderly reform . '', 
  [ source ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/leaders/21578386-euro-zone-desperately-need-boost-no-news-bad-news-sleepwalkers ), 
  in light of this post i had a quick look and came across [ this - ease of doing business in the world ] ( http://world-business-rank.realclearworld.com/ ), 
   the spanish government is working on a new law that would allow businessmen to open a pharmacy without having a pharmacy phd about time !, 
   the problem is that , under that same law , engineers will now able to project buildings , something that until now proper architects were able to do and is pretty much akin to having a nurse doing the job of a surgeon . 
  not quite sure what you mean by `` project buildings '' but to be clear , liberalisation should not mean no regulation only that wherever possible regulation is kept to a minimum . 
  in the example you give ther eare countries the world over that manage to have private companies operating pharmacies and building construction properly regulated . 
  so , spain is not on the cutting edge of legislation here . 
  some regulation ( banking laws spring to mind ) needs to be altered as the world evolves and this should not be seen as a bad thing . 
  the worst case we get is when people vie for protection and thus crowd out others to protect their interests . 
  america for all its faults has a better approach than europe in my opinion - they allow things to fail rather than legislate to death in the first place . 
  europe is a very risk averse place . 
   and all that talk about competition is really incredibly nice until you realise that for some of us down here what it means is that soon enough we 'll need to have the same working and salary conditions that india , bangladesh or china in order to be competitive enough . 
  find me somewhere where it says that peoples of the eu are ordained to have a better life than other people . 
  or that the eu is entitled to benefits that others can only dream of . 
  please do so as i 'd be incredibly grateful . 
  or perhaps we need to realise that we ( westerners ) are in a very fortunate circumstance because of our history and , in a few too many cases , because of the questionable moral legacy we inherited from emprires and exploitation of others . 
  we need to compete with those countries you so condescendingly dismiss because oddly enough they would like to have the quality of life that we enjoy . 
  and why should n't they ? 
  if we are clever this need not be a [ zero-sum game ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zero%e2%80%93sum_game ) but it does require that we extract our heads from our collevtive arse and invest in the right things for the future - education being the most obvious and stop pissing money away on idiotic things like cap . 
  between automation and globalisation the lot for the unskilled worker is a grim one of service industry low paid job ( waitor etc ) or unemployment . 
  as it stands society is going to have to accept that the unskilled will be unemployable in the near future simply because in order to simply maintain our quality of life we will need to create ever more skilled jobs . 
  what 's the point of competing with china ( 1 billion people ) on labour cost ? 
  we ca n't win that battle and keep what we have . 
  protectionism will go so far , in that the environment and other concerns are valid and should be taken in to account . 
  but protectionism to protect workers from competition will only hurt the eu in the longer term . 
  sure , one maybe 2 generations will get lucky but we 'll fade . 
  life is a competition , one for scarce resources . 
  it need not be darwinian in the sense of the survival of the fittest as we are moving away from hot wars and direct conflict , but the period of ( relative ) peace and prosperity is something of an anomaly and we would do well to remember that in the living memory of our grand parents there have been global wars and tragedies that most of us today can not begin to imagine . 
  some industries and sectors are ridiculously protected . 
  i recall that pharmacists in spain can not simply open a business and compete they can only buy a set number of licenses in a given area . 
  as a result the cost of a pharmacy rises thus pushing people in to forced servitude or debt as they can not run their own business . 
  yes , the eurozone needs a unified economic government but that is not going to happen overnight . 
  fighting vested interests and protection rackets in certain industries is within the power of national governments ( political captial aside ) . 
  from my own perspective this article highlights one of the many problems with the eu . 
  it is far to inward looking and self-serving in that it does not try to compete by getting fitter and investing in the future rather the eu seems to adopt the french approach to `` competition '' by trying to isolate itself from globalisation and trade and thus beat everyone to death with bureaucracy . 
  see [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/structural_adjustment#conditions ) but in te current context the main focus is : * cutting expenditures , also known as austerity .
