   this country is facing a very real danger of undergoing net zero growth for a significant period of time , and that 's something which must be avoided . 
  you 're ok with growth at any cost ? 
  regardless of the sustainability ? 
  basically you 'd be happy going from one bubble to the next until the entire thing implodes ? 
   gbp growth in value vs. gold i honestly never understood the point of measureing value against gold . 
  for starters we use a lot more of it industrialy than we used to . 
  there are so many things affecting asset prices that to measure a currency against one does n't make much sense to me . 
  i know gold is valuable to some but until you can eat it i 'd prefer the potato standard . 
   now check out comparative currencies - the pound has lost so much value internationally in the last few years . 
  no-one gets pay rises . 
  bills increase . 
  food costs more . 
  anything imported costs even more . 
  taxes are higher . 
  a much better point , though for the eur and usd the main value lost was since 2008 and this is due to banking being an important part of our export wealth . 
  other costs hav risen for a multitude of reasons and yes there is some validity to your point here but simply borrowing money to build things is n't going to solve those issues . 
   i 'm not pretending people are starving like a lot of lefties do , almost no-one is and if they are there 's normally stuff they can do about that , but things are n't great , and we ca n't afford to stand still . 
  i agree , but simply spending more money when we ca n't afford it and hoping that we somehow manage to pay it all off in the future is fairy thinking . 
  why not encourage the government to buy euromillions tickets ? 
  also remember that we have the problems of the euro-crisis hanging over us without the benefit of being a strong exporter of factory goods like germany . 
   the question is , should we be so concerned about hitting 100 % ? 
  yes we should . 
  those periods in history where we were above 100 % were typically major wars or when w ehad the ability to effectively pillage the empire . 
  we are not at war to the same level and neither do we have the luxury of exploiting an empire . 
  the problem with stimulii packages is that they really need to generate value for the long term . 
  in some cases this happens but there are plenty of white elephants and roads to nowhere ( in the uk , europe and us ) that over the long term were ineffective . 
  the ratio debt to gdp is only a guide , in reality it is the difference between government spending and government tax take that is important and for far too long the government have been spending too freely ( structural deficit ) . 
  at the end of the day will the economic growth generated by spending increase the tax take sufficiently to cover costs and interest ? 
  i 'd say no , since even during a boom with the banks on full crazy and the tax receipts a lot higher the government was unable to pay its bills and was borrowing ( thanks brown ) . 
  so yes , we need austerity because we can not sustain these levels of spending , and bear in mind we 're not even trying to reduce the debt to gdp ratio simply reduce the rate at which we borrow . 
  by all means we should seek to invest to minimise the pain of what we 're donig but the leftist fantasy of spending our way out of every problem is well and truly over . 
  keynsian economics works if you follow it - i.e. 
  save during booms and spend during recessions , labour did n't . 
  the us has had major issues , with talks of a fiscal cliff and there are many that are unhappy with the us debt rising so highly . 
  the only thing in the us 's favour right now is that they are the main global currency for trade . 
  japan has major debt issues and has spent nearly 2 decades stagnating . 
   era of high inflation . 
  wtf ?!, 
  are you 12 ? 
  inflation at 2.7 % is low by any standard . 
  interest rates are also quite low . 
  edit : typos, 
  any sensible solutions that do n't involve pushing debt to over 100 % of gdp in a few years ? 
  it certainly makes logical sense to have a large bloc and there are merits in a unified and strengthened eu . 
  i have no problem with the eu in theory . 
  however , the utter joke of a system that we have now is n't even close to what i would have the eu as and it is for this reason i would describe myself as eurosceptic . 
  i like europe and the countries with in it and i 'm not naive enough to think that an anglo-sphere would emerge to replace the eu ( from the uk perspective ) . 
  but you 're in a friggin fantasy land if you think the eu is going to survive by tinkering at the edges and with what is being proposed at the moment . 
  good for you , but cap is still a joke . 
  it should be removed for the rich countries ( e.g. 
  france ) and better , more targeted help for the poorer nations who arguably actually need the support . 
  the security issue is utter bollocks . 
  no we should not . 
  but shooting ourselves in the foot to fund things like cap which have little economic benefit for the wider community at current levels or say moving the parliament/council every 6 months because the meps want a different view and it keeps the french sweet should not be done . 
  like it or not but we will be competing with china , india and the usa we can not bury our heads in the sand and hope that our way of life will mirculously sustain itself . 
  we do need to think with a level head and consider reality . 
  invest for the future and ensure that our culture and way of life is sustainable for future generations . 
  a fair point and i think that overall violent crime has gone down but i dont hav eany links to hand . 
  you can have very little good regulation in place of tons of crap regulation - so deregulating is not necessarily a bad thing . 
  i was n't kidding i really am misanthropic . 
  i only just identify with humanity so getting down to more detailed sub-divisions of types is tricky . 
  tell that to your lovable european friends . 
   i skimming through your first post history the first thing that popped up was that you had an agenda on anti-european tendencies . 
  wo what if he does ? 
  ca n't things be posted and debated ? 
  having a circlejerk about how wonderful anything is is never constructive and god knows the eu has its flaws . 
   there are zero benefits to the death penalty come now , that is so wrong it beggars belief . 
  the benefits of the death penalty are as follows : 1 . 
  zero chance of re-offence . 
  once dead the ability to commit a crime decreases dramatically . 
  2 , the `` myth '' of the death penalty costing as much as life imprisonment is based on the insane american system . 
  if simplified there is no reason why the death penalty could n't be done far more cheaply . 
  for some life in a box may be preferable to death . 
  killing someone need not mean automatic death penalty . 
  even the americans have a system which graduates penalities and the death penalty is only for the most evil and premeditated . 
  for example , mass murders , serial rapists etc. 
  frees up prison places for more deserving criminals , 
  try your local drinking establishment , 
  i once talked to an american in a bar and told him my house was 400 years old ( true at the time ) he was agog . 
  he asked if it had a toilet in it . 
  i 'm not vehemently in favour of a market approach to water supplies since there are a few things which lend themselves to a natural monoply and it usually tends to splitting hairs as to whether it is a private company operating under such strict regulation that it may as well be an arm of the state or whether it is actually a part of the state . 
  however , telecomes , health care and energy supplies can and should be ** provided ** by private operators even if that means the government procures services on behalf of people e.g. 
  nhs in the uk . 
  i remember when bt ( british telecoms ) was a nationalised company , it was expensive , inefficient , incredibly crap and stuffed with political appointees . 
  now , as a privatised company it 's only incredibly crap , which is some improvement at least . 
  fuck you , 
   absolutely nothing left bit of an exxageration there do n't you think ? 
  from this thread i have not said one negative thing about the eu only that there are reasons for not wanting to be a part of it that are rational and you call me dogmatic ? 
  i do see the problem . 
  it is a frustrating one on many levels not least because when eurosceptics pointed out the myriad of flaws with the euro they were shouted down . 
  guess what ? 
  they were right . 
  whenever there is a problem the europhile solution is always `` more europe '' in spite of evidence to the contrary . 
  there are many areas where the non-dogmatic eurosceptic would like to see more of the eu but in these areas the eu has again been an abject failure ( single market being one ) . 
  until both sides get off their high horses and try to resolve things rationally then we 're going to turn in to the usa with a highly polarised society . 
  edit : also , take note of the downvotes i get simply for expressing an opinion . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  the problem is that paris and frankfurt are quite jealous of london 's standings and see no reason to make life easier for london at the expense of those two . 
  were london to become the eu centre of finance as would be likely then those two cities stand to lose a lot . 
  as i posted on several times the uk is an outlier in many respects but it does share many natural allies within the eu .
