  hahahaha , are you mad ? 
  the signs were there bold as brass . 
  it is was doomed from the start . 
  but the sceptics that pointed this out were talked down and of course during an economic boom who wants to hear bad news ? 
  the failure of the euro was always a case of `` when '' and not `` if '' . 
   i trust most eu politicians genuine question - why ? 
  what makes you think that eu politicians are any better ( or worse for that matter ) than the uk ( or other country ) lot ? 
  the difference is one of equality of opportunity ( which should be covered by existing legislation on discrimination ) and equality of outcome ( i.e. 
  there should be a given percentage of women on boards ) . 
  ok , to play a bit of a bastard card purely out of interest rather than actual belief ...  there is some evidence that suggests that more gender-balanced boardrooms are responsible for better-performing companie is it not possible that we want to re-address a perceived inequality and seek evidence to support this hypothesis ? 
  even in the abstract of the paper you cite it is noted that there are :  a number of methodological shortcomings in relation to the papers it draws from . 
  also , and i must admit i have only scanned the document but what percentage of those boards with women only had a token `` hr director '' who was female and all the main dircetors were male ? 
  how many all male boards had a significant number of senior managers that were female ? 
  the level of complexity to prove an increase in roi simply from having female board members goes far beyond what is presented in the paper . 
  also , if we accept the premis then why not have quotas for black/indian/chinese / disabled driectors ? 
  we are not operating in a vacuum , there are a lot of notable female directors including [ one ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/karren_brady ) who is a director in a very `` male '' field !, 
  discrimination is still discrimination even if it is intended to be `` positive '' . 
  someone should only be given a position on the basis of merit and nothing else . 
  furthermore , it diminishes the achievements of those who attain the position without a quota , or at least brings in to question the ability of a candidate who may be perceived as being there simply to fill the quota . 
  there are many more cultural reasons for women not being better represented on boards namely that a career break due to pregnancy is viewed negatively . 
  networking is important but it does not require a quota , simply funding or providing better opportunities for women would be a start . 
  also , how many women are applying for directorships ? 
  going by the old chestnut of anecdote i know women tend to be quite common in law firms as senior or partner lawyers . 
  i 'm currently studying for an mba and funnily enough the course director and head of the business school is female as are a lot of the staff . 
  however , in terms of the course it 's pretty much a 70:30 split in favour of men . 
  why are n't more women doing an mba ? 
  i would question your assertion : `` we need more women in the boardroom '' why ? 
  any forced quota is a bad idea . 
  same with che guevara , the guy was an absolute shit but still managed to be a poster boy for the `` revolution '' . 
  people are selective about what they want to hear . 
  for uk try jobserve.co.uk i believe they do eu and us too but never looked there . 
  i 've never used linkedin to find people jobs but honestly i rely more on word of mouth from developers i trust . 
  imho you 'll have been luck working with a recruitment agent . 
  if you 're in the uk i can provide details of a couple i have used regularly and have done well . 
  have you had a job ? 
  i think you said you were at university so that explains some of your naivety . 
  if you want to build a career that is down to you as the individual to do it . 
  many people do not go to university and manage to have successful careers . 
  all of the directors of my current employer started off in sales and all bar one did door-to-door sales at some point and if ever there was a disspiriting job it is that !, 
  none went to university aged 18 though many did distance learning or took time out to do an mba later . 
  equally , closer to home my own father never went to university and yet got in to senior management . 
  a degree will help in most cases but a degree in fine art is not going to land you a cushy job for life . 
  while i dont doubt that times are hard at the moment especially if you are in the club med set there are still opportunities to make a decent living and establish a career . 
  there are many negatives to the currently established society but like many things sensible evolution will solve more problems than dramatic revolution . 
  plus it would help if people were more aware of history . 
   the problem in europe is that there are lots of unskilled or low skilled labor unemployed . 
  as much as i hate the cliche - this a thousand times this !, 
  then dont join a company , set one up yourself . 
  make a company that you want to be a part of . 
   she does n't run the eu . 
  where 've you been hidiing ? 
  i think she does right now , 
   not the wishes of the taxpayer in the street . 
  as far as the eu goes when have they ever mattered ? 
  * sigh * ok i 'll bite ...  if we make it easier for companies to fire people , they 'll surely hire more people and employment will go up in the long run !, 
  if there is a higher cost associated with makeing someone redundant then a company , especially a smaller one , will think twice before hiring since it must set aside extra resources in order to cover potential costs . 
  for example , according to wikipedia , [ in spain , for example , such employees are entitled to 45 days redundancy pay per year worked . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/job_security ) if this is correct then a small/medium sized company undertaking a new project without any certainty of future work is not going to take on a worker - why would it ? 
  if a project were to last 2 years that worker would be entitled to 90 days of pay - 3 months !, 
  so what does it do ? 
  it offers a short , fixed term contract . 
   making a career in a super-market , a call-center , a retail store or as a lowly it assistant is the stuff of the future . 
  everyone has to start somewhere , that you think yourself above a `` lowly '' it assistant is wonderful , i 'm sure your skills and knowledge are far in excess of that . 
  did you try applying for the more senior roles ? 
  the world does not owe you a living . 
   but i ca n't help but feel that part of the problem lies with problems where the money has to flow to the top instead of being shared more equally with all rungs of the ladder . 
  money does n't have to flow anywhere , there is no rule which says we should share everything more equally . 
  i know you 're being idealisitc but there 's no need to be naive too . 
   much like westminster defending the interests of the city , you mean ? 
  the `` city '' is an industry , individual players come and go . 
  danone however is not a `` strategic '' asset . 
   cap exists to ensure we have a local food supply in case a change in the political or natural circumstances prevents us from buying food from outside the eu . 
  and fairies take the teeth away and leave coins ... 
   it does ? 
  from my perspective , eu corruption is meaningless , comparable to that of the uk or france - it 's there but it 's hardly a factor . 
  it does . 
  only recently a health commisioner has resigned due to corruption . 
  why is eu corruption meaningless ? 
  we collectively pay for the eu and i strongly object to the meps and others pissing money against the wall . 
  cap is bad enough but to simply say `` suck it up it is irrelevant '' makes a mockery of it all . 
  a friend gave me [ this link ] ( http://www.tvi24.iol.pt/sociedade/ps-ultimas-noticias-assis-clio-tvi24-carros/1382641-4071.html ) relating to the behaviour of the portuguese opposition party - to say the least i hope this behaviour never reaches the uk . 
   but even the uk itself has a ruling monarch and a house of lords and even the house of commons work in a fptp system which on its own are serious flaws to democracy , and people seem to ignore these . 
  the monarch in the uk is ceremonial and has a minimal impact upon the political landscape . 
  there is mooted talk of house of lords reform but personally i 'm all for having only one legislative chamber . 
  as for fptp i know it is not a popular thing on reddit but it is still a democratically valid approach to conducting elections . 
  av and pr allow for broader democratic representation and minority parties but they do lead to problems of their own . 
  so yes , i agree the uk is not perfect but that does not and should not give carte blanche to the eu to behave autocratically and enable laws/treaties to be circumvented simply because they are inconvenient as has been happening since 2008 with stunning disregard for anything other than political expediency . 
   what do you mean ? 
  are n't you all supporters of free trade ? 
  is n't the eu great in removing trade barriers at least between its member-states ? 
  er , not sure who `` all '' are . 
  in general ( and i realise there is evidence to the contrary ) the uk and a few others such as denmark i believe , tend to be more of the `` anglo-saxon '' mentality of free market capitalism . 
  however , others will leap to the defence of `` national champions '' the first sign of anything going against the political interests . 
  an incredibly recent example is the proposed merger of bae and eads . 
  the germans ( of all people ) vetoed it because it appeared that germany would lose jobs to the uk since the uk defence arm would be bigger . 
  is that seriously the action of a partner that wants free enterprise ? 
  not speaking for the parent poster but here 's my list . 
  cap - why is this still around and why the hell is france still getting the majority ( 17 % ) of the budget ? 
  while there are many countries ( scandanavian mainly ) that are less corrupt than the uk by and large the eu reeks of the same old corruption that we see in the club med countries . 
  the british have an odd sense of fair play , if we create rules we like to stick by them .
