  * trade liberalization ( in a lot of countries some industries are protected , taxi drivers , lawyers and pharmacists are good examples ) * privatization , or divestiture of all or part of state-owned enterprises , * improving governance and fighting corruption . 
   mr draghi was right to buy the euro zone time . 
  he was also right to furnish the ecb with the tools to tamp down speculation . 
  *** the trouble is that the politicians are squandering the chance for orderly reform . 
  *** emphasis mine , this should be europes motto . 
  i can share views with my neighbours without wanting to buy a house together . 
  london does have a slightly more cosmopolitan feel to it than vaasa i imagine , and there 's already a lot of spanish people in london . 
  i do n't think the monkey could be bothered with the paperwork , and who could blame him ? 
  `` dude , where 's my monkey ? '', 
   `` this is not a gimmick , and i 'm an artist , and i should be taken seriously . 
  and all this other bull should not be spoken of , '' he said . 
  someone give the little tyke a slap please . 
  it 's treated very seriously by some countries . 
  before the voting reform a few years ago it was very popular in spain ( source i had a crazy spanish gf and her friends would talk about it for months ), 
  the french have evidently made better use of cap . 
  pfft that 's breakfast, 
  and how much has france blocked ? 
  they 've refused reform of cap fir so long it is unfunny, 
  there 's a ship dedicated to fucking ? 
  because taxes are not `` free '' they cost to implement and in this case it may drive sales of internet based devices to other eu countries , since why would you pay the tax if you can avoid it ? 
  the french should tax infidelity and sex . 
  i think it is a simple question you 've not wholly understood . 
  why should countries run deficits ? 
  if you mean trade deficits then asia - they have massive surpluses at the moment . 
  good for you . 
  this is why the eu should die a slow and painful death . 
  having read the `` justification '' for esperanto i am speechless . 
  his argument boils down to `` use it because it is n't english '' . 
  then comes up with bullshit figures . 
  that said any language which comes up with this as a phrase deserves something `` mi fartas bone . '', 
  relabelling something has no impact ? 
  my gods !, 
  if only people knew !, 
  there goes my plan to relabel racism to rainbowism . 
  more common than you 'd think, 
  i 'd suggest that economists do know what they are doing and talking about only that in practice the are so many variables that to speak to a typical person about it is pointless much like physics . 
  real world economics is chaos . 
  it 's not been long enough yet . 
   `` we would like to see the eu improve things before we starting sending powers its way '' . 
  well , france and germany did n't do that in the 80s , 90s ... and we now have a union , not a bunch of frontiers around every hundred of square miles . 
  perhaps they should have done and we wouldnt have such a shitty mess now . 
  at the start the eu was a simple concept . 
  a free trade area with a view to expand some political competencies to a supra-national entity . 
  all well and good . 
  roll on the decades and each successive government from the 70s onwards has signed treaties on the basis that `` we 'll sort it out later '' only later has started to arrive and everyone and his dog is complaining . 
  there 's a rise in general anti-euro and anti-eu feeling across the continent . 
  i would love to be pro-eu i really would , but they look increasingly incompetent and they were n't starting from a great position . 
  if you want me to vote to hand over powers then yes , get that apartment sorted out , buy some flowers and nice bottle of wine and then we 'll talk . 
  if you want me to help out with the decorating then listen to what i say and recognise you 've fucked up massively on some things . 
   i 'm just saying the one chosen by the uk is definitely the wrong one . 
  fair enough , but i certainly do n't see a `` right '' one on the horizon either . 
  if the last 20 years have shown us anything is that the eu is great at poorly executing half baked ideas . 
  forgive us , those who are n't leaping all over the eu bandwagon , if we would like to see the eu improve things before we starting sending powers its way . 
   the latest uk positions on agriculture seem to go towards monsanto , basf , bp , shell i 'm not sure that bp or shell are involved in agriculture but regardless , do you think the eu has proven itself to be free from poitical lobby ? 
  i certainly do n't . 
  furthermore , for all its faults the uk government appears to be more transparent than that of the eu . 
  we could probably agree on a set of values as i daresay you and i are closer in positionto each other than many of our respective compatriots but to get such a thing widely and universally adopted would be a hard task and one that the eu does n't look competent in . 
  what about venetian blind ? 
   does n't want to pay full rent and only chooses the bills she ( yes , you 're the girl in this relationship ) likes : ` ang on a minute here . 
  every single country expects to get back more than it puts in . 
  the uk in absolute and per capita terms in a net contributor . 
  now forgive us for not being over joyed at the wasteful idiocies of cap and helping to fund the half-yearly migration to strasbourg . 
  and lets not get started on the inability of the eu ( ez ) to set and follow simple rules ( maastricht criteria ) . 
  there are good points with the eu , ease of travel being one . 
  more open markets ( with too many exceptions ) does promote trade . 
  to pretend the eu is some amazing , magnanimous institution beyond reproach is stretching reality to breaking point . 
  also , we 're british we complain about * everything * . 
  i 'm surprised i did n't come out as roman . 
  ancestry fail huh ? 
  it 's a genius piece of marketing by the danish tourist board . 
  everyone gets denmark and now decides to visit . 
  i 'm danish, 
   i do hope that kickstarters and similar funding mechanisms can fulfill that role in the future , but if this works , why not ? 
  as i said before it is the opportunity cost . 
  should the state be spending money like this when there are other ( better ? ), 
  options ? 
  should the state be investing in science or health care or whatever ? 
  if people want to get together and do it off their own efforts sure , it 's not our ( collective ) concern . 
  but when such cultural exceptions are threatening treaties by inviting tit for tat responses which may benefit us massively it seems like we 're shooting ourselves in the foot . 
  as i said elsewhere if an individual country wishes to fund such a thing it is between them and theie taxpayers but to bring it to a supranational entity and use it as a blocker for something is selfish in the extreme . 
   you misunderstand , the commercial film is completely subsidy-free . 
  it just shows that subsidies can kickstart an industry : now the expertise and connections exist to make commercial films possible . 
  no , i understood it , but 10 years to get to that point ? 
  seems expensive ... 
  a decade to produce one purely commercial and profitable flemish film ? 
  was it really worth it ? 
  could n't the money have been better spent elsewhere ? 
  `` investment '' like this is always an opportunity cost . 
  personally , i 'd sooner leave this to people . 
  what has the state or the population got out of that 10 year investment ? 
   the common good is not a luxury that depends on people having spare time and pocket money they do n't know what to do with . 
  i 'm not sure it is a common good . 
  what is the benefit to society ? 
  is this the only way it could have been achieved ? 
  i understand that a decade ago the landscape was quite different but now with crowd funding and other options a good story could/should sell regardless . 
  yes , i was forgetting the contract law side of things ... but that said if us company can demonstrate it is catering for a markets needs e.g. 
  french language films then quite why only those in france should be subsidised is not clear to me . 
  i tend to agree with the american approach in these things - allow stuff and only react afterwards . 
  europe tends to work the other way around unfortunately . 
  i 'm from the uk and i spent a lot of my childhood in wales !,
