  i do n't have to know exactly how nuclear powerplants work to know the are dangerous . 
  how did you arrive at those conclusions ? 
   what 's missing from what you said is that the system can collapse from under you . 
  * any * system can and inevitably will collapse . 
  yes we need to evolve how the systems work to reflect how society changes but we should have reached a point where these changes can happen in a managed and order fashion . 
  if you 're talking abotu revolutions and whatnot then you 've taken a few evolutionary steps back . 
   you seem to be brushing off abuse , bullying and coercion . 
  do n't you want to do something good with yourself instead of defending the status quo ? 
  honestly , the status quo suits me reasonably well . 
  i have sufficient resources to do most of what i want . 
  certainly i am living well above the global average . 
  however , this is not to say i dont want to change the system and improve it . 
  of course i do . 
  but every single alternative system i have read about from the strains of anarchism to more extreme versions of libertarianism and communism are basically wanting to replace one set of bastards for another . 
  some of the power may shift , but only to another person or group which will replace the current set of political elites . 
  some of the talk of how anarchist communities would work sounds great and i would support transition to those models however , as far as concepts go they do no more to promote equality than any other system . 
  the promote different types of equality . 
   most prey animals are not too bothered most of the time , most apes have what they need in their areas . 
  even a cursory glance at a bbc nature program would show that your comment is a bit fanciful . 
  nature is slightly more brutal than an ape sat around scratching his arse surrounded by plentiful food . 
  you 're projecting an idealised state . 
   i remember reading an anthropology book in which they point out that studies of chimps , for example fail often to take into account that habitats are under threat , their natural living areas are shrinking and conclusions about violence and hierarchies may be distorted by these factors . 
  yes , this is a valid argument . 
   humans are pretty stupid . 
  the really stupid ones are those who think their education made them less stupid . 
  agreed . 
   you want the ipad but you are afraid to think humans are collectively capable of dealing with the burden of existence in a fairer way . 
  you keep mentioning fairness and equality . 
  please define what you mean by these terms . 
  they are quite subjective . 
   i know people in poor countries who ca n't get basic medical problems sorted due to lack of money and resources . 
  money is a representation of a resource , a means of deciding and arbitrating the value of resources relative to each other i.e. 
  a means of exchange . 
   there are , as i said , plenty of ideas and even implementations which allow it . 
  i suggested sources . 
  anarchism proposes something i like . 
  but i am not dogmatic about it . 
  it is possible the american natives lived pretty well . 
  why not apply their system to the modern world and see what happens ? 
  i know , i have read up on many of them as i am sure you have too . 
  the reason for not adopting systems wholescale is primarily because people dont want to . 
  people are inherently afraid of change - `` better the devil you know '' also there is a cost to changing systems , a lot of people would not want to pay this cost and maybe the change itself is not practical . 
  i know your comment was slightly flippant but ther eare not sufficient resources to get 60 million britons migrating behind herds of wildebeest - not enough grass for a start !, 
   you are propagandised , comrade . 
  to some extent yes , but then we are all conditioned by one thing or another . 
  we are relatively lucky in that we can mostly choose how we are propagandised . 
  what has led you to your current set of beliefs ? 
  i mean in a life context not just `` i picked up a book and my mind was blown '' what led you to picknig up that book . 
  what is the influence of your parents and friends etc ? 
  yeah ok , a bit unnecessary but my point is that animals do not live in a world of plenty , they never have . 
  neither has humans . 
  the concepts that you throw around `` basic needs '' and `` equality '' are reasoanbly subjective and change over time . 
  like as not we are competing with both other animals and each other for no particular purpose other than to spread our genetic material . 
  it is inherently destructive since greed is a winning strategy . 
  altruism has evolved and offers some bonuses but a persistent altruist will be a dead one soon enough . 
   i do n't have much freedom because i am a prisoner of the money system . 
  my biggest challenge in life is paying the rent and bills . 
  in all seriousness what do you think your biggest challenge should be ? 
  one way or another resources need to be expended in order to feed you , clothe you and house you . 
  in various models were that is taken over by the state you then have a very powerful state , sure there are suggested ways to mitigate that but the problem remains . 
  and then again there is the issue of the freerider . 
  why expend resources on someone who is not contributing ? 
   why would someone feel entitled to live of the backs of millions of abused people ? 
  it is sad that some do and it is something we should try to fix . 
  but unless you are prepared to start fighting more wars things are not gonig to change at a speed that you would want . 
   if i am insufficiently educated in mathematics then i do n't get to opine about it ? 
  in which case , any system too complicated to understand should be violently abolished . 
  feel free to opine but you should not be surprised if your opinion should is given less value than someone else better educated . 
  at least in my mind . 
  and i dont restrict this to mathematics . 
  i 'd sooner trust a doctor and trained medical practictioner to come up with sensible opinions on medicine rather than an alcoholic who has n't been sober in 10 years . 
  this will crop up later but the scale of human knowledge is increasingly specialised to the point where that unless you take a reasonable amount of effort a layman can not reasonably be expected to make a balanced or reasoned viewpoint . 
  there is much in science that is counter-intuitive for example . 
   but we are free to evolve . 
  there are plenty of ideas and implementations of systems in which power is controlled ( geddit ? ), 
  and limited . 
  power is never controlled simply moved . 
  i cant remember where i read it - it may have been terry pratchett - but simply put a system works insofar as people believe in the system , the minute that belief goes then the whole thing crumbles . 
  going back to what you said about groups and co-operation , society has formed groups around shared access to resources `` i work for/with person a because they enable me to have access to more resources than if i worked with person b '' . 
  that may beg the question of how person a and b are in a position to allocate more resources to person c but we 'll leave that for the time being . 
   i would have a system which benefits the majority better than by letting them have the crumbs from the table . 
  which system ( s ) truly allow this ? 
  and here i presume you mean the majority of the global population rather than simply poor westerners . 
   there is certainly not a situation where a small clique owns 99 % of resources while the rest of the tribe starve . 
   i feel skeptical about animal research i have read about because our base presumptions are so very flawed i ca n't imagine we can judge too well . 
  i do n't know . 
  have a look at [ this ] ( http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/s0003347200914714 ) and [ this ] ( http://resources.metapress.com/pdf-preview.axd?code=t6262j1j1160t962&amp;size=largest ) . 
  they are only summaries but clearly describe that there exists an element of competition between animals for food . 
  this is to be expected when food is in short supply . 
  so , no maybe 99 % of an animal group will control food but lets be clear that there is an element of competition and these animals are not living some hippy nirvana . 
  yes we may not fully understand the motives but some behaviour is clear in intent i.e. 
  the dominance of a group . 
   i ca n't not be a slave to existence but i can own myself and my relationships with society ( although , we must n't forget the self is illusory anyway ) . 
  ok , so what is it to `` own oneself '' ? 
  do you mean the absolute freedom to do whatever you want come what may ? 
  or do you mean the freedom to act within the constraints of society ? 
  if the former then surely you are aware of the concept of public goods and the freerdier problem ? 
  if the latter then with a bit of planning and forethought you can have what you want . 
  if you dislike society then so be it , but you have quite a lot of freedom . 
  especially if you are fortunate to be living in the west .
