  so price rises are impossible ? 
  yes , people may pay more for food in the short run , or even the long run but at least it is a direct and transparent cost of the food , it 's not hidden behind several layers of needless bureaucracy . 
  [ link ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/7389351.stm ) also , higher food prices may encourage people to waste a lot less , the amount the average western european throws away each year could probably feed a few families in a developing country . 
  hardly , of the several farmers i know , and they are not large land holders , they all do very well indeed . 
  they have good years and bad years like any business but they are far from destitute . 
  so , no i doubt they would all go bankrupt and if they would then they are clearly doing something wrong . 
  no business should only survive due to subsidy . 
  if africa increased its food prices - and bear in mind you 're talking about a continent and not a tony country , there would in all likelihood be other supplliers e.g. 
  america , asia and europe could revert to food production . 
   it is n't like you can ramp up food production 5000 times in a few months . 
  it is n't likely that a continent would stop providing food all of a sudden either . 
   and in the case of a war , impossible . 
  the uk was supplied by sea during ww2 and other countries have managed to survive in such a way . 
  the eu is a large area and unlikely to be utterly blocaded . 
  secondly , land can be still kept - or bought by the state for food usage in fact it would probably work out better if the state purchased the land and let it revert to nature . 
  thirdly , keeping the `` know-how '' is important but again storing the information in books or manuals is not hard and it is not like these technologies or industries would disappear just that they would scale back to a smaller size . 
  foruthly , seed banks and whatnot should mean that were africa to disappear off the face of the earth we could resume food production if needed . 
  point of the matter is there are more options than subsidising farmers . 
  it is unlikely we would import all of our food but i see no problem with importing the majority of our foods from , say africa , rather than over-producing and dumping surplus on global markets . 
  food security can be done in many different ways , it does not and should not mean massive subsidies to farmers . 
  i 'm sure putin will be very happy it 'll play nicely for him politically . 
  you should get nothing no matter how much land you have . 
  firstly , it 's none of your fucking business what i get up to in the privacy of my own home be i an mp or a private citizen . 
  secondly , same as the first point only louder and with more emphasis . 
  in this case i 'll not bother , the level of the blog is child-like in the extreme i 'm more disappointed that it gets so many upvotes for what even the most ardent europhile must surely realise is a pathetic article . 
  as will finding anyone willing to be a politician . 
  that was a bit pathetic but the circlejerk around here upvotes anyways . 
  we have our own central bank and can devalue as much as we like . 
  sure it 's not exactly a winning strategy but we 're nowhere near the level of the pigs . 
  i 'd put the basques way ahead of scotland , along with maybe catalonia . 
  i agree with you , but i struggle to see how the current crop of eu politicians will make the necessary decisions . 
  we 've already seen a significant increase in social unrest and it will get a lot worse before it gets a lot better . 
  equally , selling the concept to increasing pissed off german voters is going to be tough for merkel or anyone who may come after her . 
  the tragic fact in all this is that had the rules been set up sensibly some 20-odd years ago we need not be in this mess right now . 
  it was always a case of `` when '' not `` if '' . 
  as much as europhiles do n't want to hear it eurosceptics had a lot of valid points and they are being vindicated and yet ignored again . 
  i have heard that saying by the serbian chap , someone even wrote a book called `` eat that frog '' or something . 
  and yet many countries in the eurozone want the ecb to do just that . 
  qe that is . 
  i 'm sure this will go down well here . 
  greece fucked itself over . 
  it could have been any one of the pigs , but greece drew the short straw . 
   the upper classes have simply silently claimed their victory for a while , while the lower classes have largely bought the myths of liberal capitalism might it be because the quality of life for pretty much all westerners has increased dramatically since ww2 and that in perspective the suffering and misery that was seen in the east ( russia and china ) has shown that those idealogies are even more flawed than the ones we have ? 
  by what ? 
  magic ? 
  if 3 of the 6 countries were no longer aaa then how would these elite bonds still be aaa ? 
  if the us can be downgraded then so can anything and everything else . 
  only the largest economics in africa . 
   you can borrow your way out of debt . 
  * checks flair - sees portugal , all is explained * no deary , you can not borrow your way out of debt . 
   the bailouts in europe supposedly allow the country some time with lower than market interest rates to fix their finances in a way that they can then become sustainable , i do n't see what 's so hard to understand . 
  it 's not hard to understand but then neither is the concept of a unicorn . 
  bailouts buy time they do not buy you anything else . 
  greece was insolvent from the start but that was ignored , they have struggled to pass the changes needed to cut the deficit etc but again europe is living in a dream . 
  greece needs to default . 
  the problem with greece defaulting is that insurance contracts ( cds ) will kick in that will bring the eu banking system down . 
  that 's more of a problem than greece . 
  europe is running out of time because it means a lot of hard and very unpopular political decisions will need to be taken . 
  not to mention the political unrest that will be the result of those decisions . 
  the truly tragic thing in all this is that this was all very predictable many years ago when the eurozone was formed and the stability and growth pact flouted by france and germany . 
   iceland is a very poor example as they effectively stole many europeans by not giving them the same guarantees they gave to icelanders and had committed themselves to also giving to foreign depositors . 
  honestly , i have no read the contracts for icelandic banks but so long as they followed the law then what they did is fine . 
  and what happens when one loses it 's aaa rating ? 
   the problem is the only mandate of ecb is low inflation . 
  this is a blessing and a curse . 
  low inflation , but not too low , is what we desire but run-away inflation creates its own problems . 
  my main worry would be that if qe is used in europe then at some point the ecb will have to sell those bonds back on the open market or the government in question will have to pay the debt . 
  this will become a very political game as economies get better and as a result could prolong recessions in the likes of greece . 
  qe can only delay the problem it can not solve it . 
  the divides emerging in the us where congress ca n't even sort out a 0.6 % deficit reduction over 10 years is a sign for things to come in europe if we do n't tread with care and make some pretty tough decisions . 
   this follows into the bit about tipping , which i 'm on board with . 
  this has to be one of the biggest things i hate about the us . 
  the gun/hunting thing is n't so widespread on the east/west coast , certainly nowhere near as bad as some europeans seem to think . 
  but tipping , * rage *  the power of big business is the us far outstrips its power in europe honestly i doubt this , it 's just a lot more visible in the us . 
  i 'm not too surprised , with much to say for how the belgians have organised their country that it can function is a credit it to them . 
  however , and mainly because of the above , it is fair to say that as a minor country it is n't a huge worry . 
  do they have a government yet ? 
  i vaguely remember they were struggling to form a coalition . 
  if i was from holland i 'd be livid too !, 
  i can sympathise with your viewpoint . 
  and yes , it is those that are thrifty and play by the rules that inevitably suffer . 
  unless some power bloc emerges that can force germany and france apart then they will always get their way because , as you say , of their scale . 
   i think it 's because there 's a general consensus that our bailout was completely uncalled for and unnecessary . 
  in which fantasy land was this ? 
  narnia or middle earth ? 
   i do n't envy angela merkel . 
  because she has to talk to the midget-clown ? 
  agreed ( uk here too ) germany is generally being portrayed as being desperate to hold the eu together , in some of the more right wing press there is an undercurrent of `` germany buying the 4th reich '' but in serious analysis it is clear that only germany has the financial power to sort this mess out and that sorting it out wont come cheaply - for germany or those bailed out . 
  i may be wrong on this but i think that the uk is the only `` big '' eurosceptic , the other eurosceptic countries are small ; the czech republic and a few other countries . 
  the [ main population centres ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/area_and_population_of_european_countries ) are europhile , spain , italy , germany , france account for approximately 75 % of the eu population . 
  edit : uk is only big country with a veto that is eurosceptic . 
  the `` we '' is the political elites that run the eu . 
  member countries consent has typically done by governments with little say from the majority of the people . 
  in the comment above my previous one how was halk saying this in a `` bad '' or `` offensive '' way ? 
  that 's a bit of a leap of faith `` give us the power to make it more democratic '' . 
  also , none of the discussions i have seen about changing treaties have mentioned how to make the eu more democratic , they have talked extensively about economic behaviours and penalties ( which i agree with in many ways ) but bugger all about how to make the eu more democratic . 
  not to step in to hyperbole or stereotypes but our history is littered with the struggle to win more rights and freedoms by people , we should not be so quick to give them up without a crystal clear understanding of what will follow . 
   my feeling is that the democratic thing to do would have been a pan-european referendum rather than de-facto veto rights to a few countries . 
  i wholeheartedly agree with you on this , i fear that our political masters would not like that one bit . 
  aslo , if , say , there was some cultural identies that emerged i.e.
