  the bible is also a cause of concern in this area . 
  perhaps you should be less careless with your language . 
   this inevitably allows for those with sufficient wealth to purchase enough labour to have a sort of endless accumulation machine in which the wealth they accumulate produced by purchased labour can be used to purchase more labour that produces more wealth over which they have the ownership rights and so on . 
  while we are far from a meritocratic world i doubt that in the west there are 1,000 families that have the kind of longevity you 're talking about . 
  the rothschilds maybe and a few others . 
  wealth is a lot more fluid over time . 
  the `` grossly '' wealthy like bill gates and warren buffet have made their own fortunes in their own lifetimes . 
  one might argue that what they have done is due to merit , both are evidently intelligent men who have made the most of the situations they are in . 
  and yes luck played a part in it . 
   i am also quite concerned about it 's need for endless growth and the whole issue of environmental barriers and what sort of suffering we will undergo when we hit them ( even if capitalism prevails and overcomes them ) . 
  capitalism does not need endless growth but it is the preferred system . 
  you 'll note that the global economy has been not expanding for a fair few years now but the system persists !, 
  environmental barriers are a concern under any system by which a species seeks to exploit natural resources . 
  i 've yet to see ( or read of ) any other system entirely displace the externalities . 
  if you wish to revert back to agrarian principles then good for you but i think far too many of us like not dying of the common cold and central heating . 
  is one of those 5 supermarkets a tesco ? 
  firstly , why or how did tesco manage to buy the land for a purpose built care home ? 
  that reeks of corruption ( or stupidity ) if the land was owned by the council . 
  secondly , and a bit disineguously i must admit , how do we know that the wants of those tens of thousands are the right ones to be worried about ? 
  a significantly larger group could be affected positively by tesco being there . 
  i doubt either of us are able to categoricaly prove one way or the other and this in itself is a problem and one which highlights the issue of only `` local '' people affecting their environment . 
  there are always a lot more stakeholders than meets the eye , the simple example is a river . 
  several tribes want to use the water along the course of the river but each has different wants and needs and these can not always be amicably reconciled so who has the `` right '' to use it ? 
  our history suggests the ones with the biggest sticks or alternatively the ones with the resources to `` buy '' out the `` rights '' of the other tribes though a means of exchange . 
  it might be that the exchange in hindsight was a bad one but that is irrelevant . 
  i 'd argue that people in the west have am unprecedented amount of power over their lives but they choose not to exercise it or are ignorant of it . 
   i am talking about a concrete freedom to achieve my goals , there are circumstances where the implementation of ration cards may increase my freedom . 
  for instance in a situation where there is only just enough food for everyone , my power to get enough food to eat may well be enhanced in a rationing situation over a situation of `` voluntary exchange '' . 
  contrived much ? 
  i do however take your point , but you 'd have to ask yourself how the system allowed such situtations to arise . 
  to continue your example is rationing there because the country is at war ( e.g. 
  during the uk in ww2 ) or because the `` government '' has fucked things up ( e.g. 
  china & russia under `` communism '' ) ? 
   the employee has to find work or he will be out on the streets . 
  until recently and i 'm not even wholly convinced that even now in the uk you 'd be out on the streets as there is a social saftey net in place . 
   he does n't resent the imposition on his right to volunteer to slave for 60 hours a week for a pittance because no-one actually wants to do that , only the vast disparity of power means that some people are forced to . 
  if he does n't want to engage in the work he does n't have to . 
  there are consequences those actions though . 
  if the system allows free riders then it is in all likelihood unsustainable and either the `` state '' has power over him or something else does . 
  i 'd suggest your problem is not with capitalism since it provides the individual with a great deal of power over themself , but it does ( in your view no doubt ) disproportionately reward those who conform to the adapted norms i.e. 
  get educated , get a job and chances are over your life cycle you 'll be reasonably comfortable . 
  what power do you feel you lack ? 
   ration cards might be a good idea in some situations hang on a second a few posts above you were claiming you want more freedom and not to be beholden . 
  yet your willing to switch to ration cards `` in some situations '' . 
  you really need to get some consistency . 
  edit :  but the key is it is still voluntary the employer can still choose not to employ , that he does n't is strongly suggestive of the fact he still feels he benefits from the arrangement . 
  that someone chooses to be employed also suggests that they find it beneficial . 
  otherwise they would not choose to do so . 
  even at minimum wage . 
   i , and most people i 've talked to , would rather live in poverty but have power over our lives and surrounding environment then why do n't you ? 
   porn-hating catholic grandma and yet spain shows ~ ~ soft-core porn ~ ~ films with plenty of nudity during the lunch time siesta !, 
  i never got that . 
  brave , very brave, 
  they should be right at home inside the eu then , 
  no , i dont count the euro as expansion . 
  it has been one of the major succcess stories of the eu project . 
  the expansion to embrace the east after 1989 was a very positive step . 
  geopolitically it makes a lot of sense to expand east and embrace the ukrainse and maybe even russia itself were it to play ball but i doubt it . 
  turkey is a tricky one , on the one hand they 'd be useful to have in the club and they are a big country however will the clash of cultures prove too much ? 
  in my 20s i would have probably worked since i liked material things , but having passed 30 and had a baby then i value my time too much . 
  my only reason for working now is so i can retire by the time i am 50-55 . 
  i hate working with a passion and would sooner spend my time doing other things . 
  if my partner and i had a minimum income guarantee that would allow for a basic hassle free life i 'd jump on it . 
  moreso if the tax rate needed to fund the minimum income was high which i am guessing it would be . 
  so long as the income was guaranteed and there were no hoops to jump through as with current benefits , a lot less than what i earn now . 
  possibly # 500 a month , it would be a severe downgrade in life style but not having to work would more than make up for it . 
  hopefully we 'll rebuild hadrians wall . 
  the internet largely wasnt and neither were mobile phones . 
  the cost of landline communications especially internationally is a hell of a lot cheaper than it was . 
   or communicating with people there . 
  yeah , telephone ( mobile or land ) , internet and even good old letter services are out of the reach of said folk . 
   i think i 've read in another article that if someone from this village wants to call someone on the other side , he would have to pay international tariffs . 
  that 's true for any localities bordering/straddling national boundaries . 
   basic income guarantee would change that . 
  let 's say it 's set at 600 $ . 
  in the current system , an unemployed person who works for a week and earns 500 $ would lose their welfare , removing any incentive to work short-term if i could earn 600eur a week it 'd remove any incentive i have to work full stop . 
  i think you 'd find if the level of income was relatively high then a lot of people would not work . 
  i know i 'd certainly give up my job . 
  i largely agree with you . 
  however , i am generally an amoral person , 
  while the insurance companies are nowhere near blameless one does have to wonder about people who buy things without reading the t&c 's , but yes generally the insurnace market needs a kick up the arse . 
  there is/was unemployment insurance and several other products to protect loan repayments in the event of loss of income . 
  however how well people understand these products is debatable especially after the ppi fiasco in the uk . 
  it 's the fourth reich ? 
  immoral and amoral are not apart , or at least not so different as moral and amoral so i would disagree with your reasoning . 
  it is neither right nor wrong it simply is an action . 
  you mean sith . 
  / moan  i think homosexual behaviour is moral i dislike this question as i am largely amoral . 
   it 's quite similar to how we often say `` oh my god '' so ... do they say allah akhbar during sex ? 
   there are no examples in modern uk of christians trying to set up their own courts where they judge people according to the bible . 
  not that i am aware of no . 
  however , jews do have similar structures for civil matters and i believe the muslims are using that as precedent . 
  the economist did an article on it a while back . 
  illiquidity is a problem in the house market and does lead to bubbles so some innovation could be used !, 
  out of curiosity which eu parties and politicians do you like ? 
  take a look around you , look at just how shit the meps and the eu politicians are . 
  they are no better than the uk lot . 
  i 'm guessing you dont have the same level of interaction and awareness of eu politicians as you do uk ones . 
  the grass always looks greener ... 
   when the uk put in stipulations that it need n't join the euro , there was very little indication the project would fail .
