  absolute poverty is a real problem . 
  people forced to starve or live on the streets , globally people dying of curable diseases . 
  relative poverty is not on the same scale , a useful social indicator sure but when you delve in to the details most of those under relative poverty are fine in most objective measures e.g. 
  access to food , health care , housing even if it is temporary . 
  i 'd be more worried about getting those with mental health issues and living in the streets help than worrying if little tommy is able to afford an xbox like all his mates . 
  it may not be a conspiracy but it 's a leftist circle jerk because regardless of the actual wealth of the country or how it is distributed you will always have relative poverty . 
  for my part no , but when has the general public ever reacted rationally when seeing such an emotive term ? 
  the word `` poverty '' is chosen because of the imagery it brings to mind to everyone . 
  `` income inequality '' might be a better name but that has a narrower focus and is not likely to drive as much contrived `` anger '' . 
  my problem with relative poverty is that even in a hypothetical lands of billionaires you can still have relative poverty . 
  as a measure it is useful but it 's over blown by the left wing media , especially in the uk and this detracts from real and genuine problems . 
  i did n't down vote you at all, 
  criticism of the eu is not well received around here . 
  much like the actual eu it is best to indulge the circle jerk and pretend everything is amazing and it 's the fault of `` them '' who maybe be the british , bankers , the south/north and if you verge on the racist muslims . 
  that describes a lot more than r/conspiracy, 
  while i share your frustration with regards to the quality of debate on reddit a simple assertion does not quantify as a truth . 
  if you 'd backed it up with evidence i 'd agree with you . 
  if only it were possible to have a system of government that responded to things based on evidence and rational decision making instead of quick , cheap populism the is intentionally emotive for sections of society then maybe , just maybe as a species we 'd not be so shit . 
  and yet that 's what the politians thought would happen ... or maybe they lied and avoided the hard decisions because hey !, 
  it 's all good for now . 
  had they not been in the single currency , they along with italy , greece , ireland and others would probably have not got in this extremity of a mess in the first place since their borrowing rates would have shot up over nervousness of their position . 
  until 2008 there was an assumed implicit agreement that eurozone debt would never be allowed to default . 
  subsequent actions have dented that somewhat but still countries are `` protected '' from their own idiocy by low interest rates . 
  i 'd sooner challenge every decision than none , or a few , because unless things get challenged and tested then nothing happens . 
  also , many eu countries , notably france seem to treat laws like mere guidelines to be implemented in some distant future . 
  other countries , uk , denmark and others are often more agressive in implementing laws and as others have pointed out i think this law has many , many problems with being implemented sensibly . 
  because nodding our heads to everything that the eu proposes is a good idea ? 
  how 's cyprus doing btw ? 
  silly you . 
  the women in oslo are much more attractive, 
  they 're doing a bloody good job of beating the shit out of it though . 
  iirc it 's by banking license . 
  i 'm aware we did , the result was a lot of the highly paid people left for america . 
  yeah , good luck with that one . 
  he is a great advert for doing business elsewhere in the world . 
  safest dies not mean without risk . 
  and frankly after 2008 anyone thinking that government bonds are risk free needs their head examining . 
  possibly with a cluebat, 
  what ?!, 
  european `` leaders '' not open to criticism or objective analysis . 
  you surely jest sir !, 
  those treaties that make votes in banana republics look credible ? 
  `` vote again until you get the right answer . '', 
  there never were any . 
  there were millions of people prepared to turn a blinds eye while things were good who are now `` oh so shocked '' things are falling apart . 
  then there is the idealists who remain convinced that `` more europe '' is the solution to every problem without ever providing a decent reason , let alone considering if less europe could help . 
  then there 's the smug naysayers that are enjoying the `` i told you so moment '' and remain aghast at the european ineptitude . 
  welcome to hell guys :-), 
  i struggle to call that `` credit '' . 
  you 're forgetting chirac . 
  he might not have quite the bunga bunga charm as berlusconi but he is a peice of shit that should be in jail . 
  yeah i 'd like to see the methodology used here . 
  they are all clearly jokes , just some are better jokes than others . 
  go read a bit of recent history . 
  check it some of the more euro sceptic press . 
  there 's plenty of valid criticism . 
  but as with all criticism those who wanted to have an ever closer union ignored it and shouted it down as the ramblings of xenophobes and nationalists . 
  if you 've not seen this stuff then you 're not reading very broadly and contributing to the circle jerk, 
  and you think russia ( read putin ) is going to help out of selfless love ? 
  or is it because they 'd like to rebuild the ussr and would not be against putting the eus nose out of joint by stepping in as a white knight in their backyard ? 
  and what about the eu lording over the democratic wishes of the people ? 
  the uk has it faults but please do n't paint it like we 're the only ones that are out there with an agenda . 
  on a personal level i have no intersting in cyprus beyond the current situations impact upon the eurozone . 
   pretty much the whole of cyprus welcomes any and all russian help and involvement . 
  good luck with that . 
   your `` suggestion '' is a spit in the face of the values of the eu that promote human dignity , freedom , democracy , and equality by considering your country so far above us that we can be bought and `` saved . '', 
  those values are doing wonders at the moment are n't they ? 
   cyprus fought valiantly for its independence from the brits in 1955 and the fact that you think can just `` buy us out '' in order to provide us with a `` graceful exit '' out of this is mind-numbing . 
  it 's an idea , do n't like it fine . 
  i do n't think it 'd ever get anywhere but there 's no need to get upset about it . 
   the pretense that you would selflessly help us with no benefit of your own is absurd . 
  many countries have historically tried to get their hands on the island over the years . 
  i have never said it would be selfless . 
   thanks , but no thanks . 
  you 're welcome . 
   i do n't think we should be pissing off the rest of our continent i 'm not sure that it would . 
  it would give a graceful exit to a troublesome part of the eurozone . 
  assuming the eu were in favour ( and of course cypriots ) it could be a useful way to protect it from russia . 
  the uk is still in the eu , so it 's not like they 'd vanish . 
  i 'm sure the majority of the eu would prefer to deal with the uk than wit russia ( maybe wrong on this ) . 
  as for the `` been there done that '' aspect of a divided country maybe the uk could spearhead changes to integrate the island . 
  iirc ( and this is shaky ) but the main reason talks failed last time was the politicking of the eu . 
  the uk has experience in this area and if it had some measure of control over cyprus then maybe it can be a force for the good . 
  basically , all problems boil down to `` us '' and `` them '' and it is never the fault of the `` us '' , always the `` them '' . 
  it can be tricky to define the `` them '' in a way that most people accept but eventually a `` them '' is found . 
  as a brit i liked the suggestion in another thread - basically , the uk buys out the debt and cyprus becomes part of the uk for a while . 
  beats giving it to russia, 
  maybe i am just old :( they were a pretty big player in the merchant banking world pre-2008 . 
  they had offices in the uk and elsewhere in the eu though here they werent as big as say hsbc . 
  i think you misunderstand the average russians reason for having money outside of russia . 
  something similar to what is proposed to happen in cyprus happens on a more ... discretionary basis inside russia very frequently . 
  simply put russians are often afraid that at some point putin and his henchmen will come knocking when the state has been milked for all it can so they shift their money to houses in london , banks in cyprus and all the other places . 
  the problem now is that if the eu is seen as unsafe as mother russia then they 'll need to find someplace else ... and they will . 
  right now putin is playing to the crowd and scoring points against a bloc he sees as a threat . 
  the behind the scenes message will be `` see !, 
  these europeans are no better than us ! '', 
  i hate to burst your bubble but this has been evident to anyone who cared to look for oh , at least a decade . 
  it 's hard to push for solidarity when every - and i do mean every - nation has been taking the piss in their own special way . 
  there are/were many ways out of the financial crisis , the one i 'd have suggested is let shareholders and bondholders suffer . 
  that 's the main drifve of the free market and capitalism .
