  i suggest it would be a lot less that 26/27 . 
   these nations decided that they wanted to go that way . 
  no , a political elite decided that . 
   how can i take you seriously when you make such claims ? 
  beatings , imprisonment , assassinations are not the same as asking a question a second time . 
  it is coercion nontheless , yes it is an exageration but it is not without some similarity . 
  were the greeks intimidated out of holding a referendum by threats ? 
  i think you can make a reasonable case for saying that . 
  how would germany behave if one state voted to do something differently from the others ? 
  would it be bullied in to asking the question again ? 
  or would some compromise be found ? 
  these are not trivial questions to be dismissed because should the eu integrate further i 'm sure the irish would like to have some confidence that their voice will be heard . 
   the anti-campaign is free to seek a new referendum . 
  unfortunately i do n't know how that could be done , because i do n't know enough about the irish legal system . 
  the politicians in the uk have backed down time and again from having a referendum . 
  there is no way in the uk that we can force one except outright rebellion maybe , i do n't know about other countries either unfortunately but it is not trivial to hold referenda . 
   our world is interconnected , our economies so intertwined . 
  sovereignty in the traditional sense is nothing more than an illusion . 
  when one of the europeans nations screws something up domestically , the entire continent feels it nowadays . 
  so if bosnia fucks up the whole of europe grinds to a halt ? 
  no , it does not . 
  yes the globe is a lot more interconnected and we all have a collective interest in making things better but states are still sovereign . 
   yeah , a country will face consequences when it puts a man that was that close to neonazism as haider was into a position of power . 
  so you happily and readily accept a power ( the eu ) which denies the will of the people ? 
  like it or not he was democratically elected . 
  where do you draw the line ? 
  should we ban islamic parties ? 
  or maybe we should ban communists and other groups . 
  fuck it , lets just have one party . 
  persecution of any view is not a good thing . 
   the fact that its neighbours were also eu countries is secondary seriously ? 
  the eu knew it had no power but it acted `` independently '' in a very co-ordinated manner . 
   if i cared about an issue , i 'd go voting every time it came up . 
  i 'd say you were in a minority there . 
  in principle i think many people would say they would but when an issue is presented as a fait accompli then there is an element of `` fuck it '', 
   the six-page memo , by the german foreign office , argues that europe 's economic powerhouses should be able to intervene in how beleaguered eurozone countries are run . 
  so germany basically ? 
  you only ask again if you are unsatisfied with the answer , and that is perfectly normal discourse . 
  so basically you 're agreeing that the eu only wants to hear the `` correct '' answer with little regard for any alternative . 
  this is the problem . 
  a large number of people were unhappy with the treaty of lisbon but they were side-stepped and manipulated by the politicians so that their voices were not heard . 
  these were not crackpots in some minority , but a sizeable majority of the populations of france , ireland and the netherlands - and probably the uk had we been given a vote . 
  how can we be critical of the likes of russia and african despots fixing elections when we are doing the same in all but name . 
  maybe putin was just asking `` are you sure ? '', 
  by any reasonable measure of democracy the implementation of treaties across the eu are an embarassment . 
   in france , the netherlands and ireland the pro-campaigns did n't do a good job so if the anti-campaigns did n't do a good job should we hold the vote again ? 
  i 'm guessing you 'd rather they did n't . 
  you see this as a good thing ? 
   nevertheless , representative democracy is still democratic . 
  my issue with this is that because of the sovereign nature of the countries involed in the eu the actual issue of the eu is generally lower down the list of concerns in a national election as other national issues tend to be higher up the list . 
  and when the eu is brought in to the debate any who are considered anti-eu or merely just critical of the eu the politicans are considered to be `` out of touch '' as the eu is ( wrongly ) not seen to affect many peoples lives directly . 
  look how the czech ( ? ), 
  president was treated when he made his anti-eu feelings known . 
  also jorg haider 's inclusion in to a coalition government in austria caused that country to be [ snubbed ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/j%c3%b6rg_haider#coalition_government_with_wolfgang_sch.c3.bcssel.27s_people.27s_party ) . 
  there is a freely elected party being snubbed by the eu because of its views . 
  edit :  and ireland passed it with quite a margin ( 2/3 thirds voted in favour , in fact ) . 
  is it not possible that those that voted no were pissed off at beingasked again and knew that their vote was worthless ? 
  i 'd certainly feel that way and would n't bother voting again . 
  please answer the question posed :  how often does it ask `` are you sure ? '', 
  when the answer is yes ? 
  the rest of the eu ratified it without referendum , indeed iirc the french and another nation tried to avoid a referendum because the treaty was very unpopular . 
  a political elite ratifiying a treaty is not democratic , how many of the citizens were allowed to voice their concerns or even have any say in anything related to the matter ? 
  actually upon reading of [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_lisbon )  in 2005 , referendums held in the netherlands and france rejected the european constitution yet the follow up to it , the treaty of lisbon was the european consitution in all but name , the substance between the two was very little . 
  indeed [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_establishing_a_constitution_for_europe#post-rejection ) it states how the eu went about doing so . 
  so there you have ( albeit it not brilliantly sourced ) a way in which a treaty which was rejected being brought in regardless . 
  how often does it ask `` are you sure ? '', 
  when the answer is yes ? 
  edit : also there is a lot more about the eu which is undemocratic . 
  you know you 're doing something right when everyone hates you . 
  i think it would be a start if the eu recognised the referenda that had taken place at the time such as in ireland , one problem i have with the eu , and not doubt many others have is the lack of democracy within the eu and its perceived expansion of power . 
  the population of the eu should have more referenda and much less diktat . 
  as a brit i hold the germans in some respect , they do well , work hard and by and large have many admirable qualities . 
  as for the french , well ... they have decent wine . 
   the two are somewhat aligned on europe because they 're the two biggest nations that really embraced the concept if by `` somewhat '' you mean completely and utterly on the majority of issues then i agree . 
  bolsting market confidence in an idiotic idea is not a wise idea for us . 
  a monetary union without a fiscal union is idiocy . 
  why not try walking on water ? 
  also , going in to the euro would cause a lot of economic harm to the uk due to the differences in economic behaviours . 
  if the uk had an interest rate of 2 % we 'd see the property market collapse and no doubt have a very bad recession . 
  or , the ecb would have to start hoovering up uk debt which would not help market confidence at all . 
  the eu is a threat because it is run by bureacrats and politicians who seem to believe in fairy dust . 
  the problems in greece were ignored when times were good because they could be and it was `` politically difficult '' , france and germany destroyed the stability and growth pact when it suited themselves . 
  edit : following on from the last point , what exactly is in it for the uk ? 
  the last 2 decades has shown us that we have to fight very hard with our european colleagues to get anything . 
  the cap is still in force to keep the french happy despite the uk mostly giving up its rebate . 
  the germans may have be willing to foot the bill to absolve themselves of the guilt of ww2 but those feelings are obviously and quite understandably coming to an end . 
  but i see no reason why the uk should fund things which work against our interests - see the proposed tobin tax , cap etc. 
  edit ii : fwiw i 'm not downvoting you . 
   it would be nice if our friends could rely on us for help without finger wagging and blame too , just as we would hope to be able to ask for their help in times of crisis . 
  geopolitics does n't really work like that . 
  could we ? 
  i honestly and sincerely doubt that we could . 
  while france and germany are united , or at least cooperating on the main things then they have vastly more power than the uk would ever be able to muster since france and germany account for the majority of the eu in terms of population and , more importantly , economic power . 
  add to that italy and spain which tend to be more left-wing economically speaking than the uk and you 're left with the uk , the netherlands and maybe denmark , poland and sweden as the main free-marketeers . 
  i 'd love to be more pro-european especially since the us is descending in to madness but every critical assessment of the eu leads me to the conclusion that we 're better off out of the eurozone and that the cultural shift needed to change the attitudes and behaviours of several countries whose political and economic behaviour is frightfully 3rd world is unlikely to be achieved in a peaceful manner any time soon . 
  were europe to split in to a northern group and a southern group then sure , perhaps joining the northern group would be sensible . 
  the uk can not be a major player in the eu for the simple fact that the franco-german axis is far more closely aligned than the uk and the allies it has in europe . 
  the eu is far more left-leaning , and in many cases far more corrupt than the uk ( the club med countries and the former eastern bloc ) . 
  and while the french continue to insist that danone is a protected company due to national security then frankly , the free market is a bit of a joke . 
  the uk implemented a lot of the free market reforms whereas , particularly the french and the spanish , many others did not .
