  you assume the two are different . 
  you can say the same for reddit . 
  they were aiming for france . 
  as a brit i am always more wary of the french politically speaking . 
  i have no distrust of germany . 
  but hey , that 's just me , 
  if you 're comparing us to russia and china then we really do have problems . 
  the us/ows is an interesting movement and the continued political polarisation that is happening there should provide a lesson to us here in the eu what can happen when you have a large population where no-one feels their voice is heard . 
  it 's one thing to want to work for a better future but quite another to continue working for it in the face of obstructive `` partners '' . 
  when the uk and other eurosceptics pointed out the euro was a car crash waiting for happen we got shot down . 
  whenever the uk , even those who are europhiles , does not indulge the eu in its ' absurd fantasies we get told to `` shut up '' . 
  so , yes . 
  pardon me for feeling vindicated and none too inclined to leap up and defend things such as the cap and its ilk , nor the idiocy of moving parliament every 6 months . 
  if the eu needs to raise money then rather than going cap in hand to the imf it should start by cutting pointless waste closer to home . 
  we 're now in a shitty situation in which there is no good outcome , whatever happens one group of people is going to feel utterly fucked over and the worst thing about it all is that this mess was entirely preventable . 
  personally , i would have faith in a free-market eu with no cap and protectionism between member states . 
  free movement for people between states with some financial transfer to the poorer states to increase the infrastructure therein . 
  not the bloody hell hole mess we have at the moment . 
  you have a lot more faith than i do in the parliament . 
  according to the german magazine der speigel , fraud committed in brussels amounts to 1 million euros per day . 
  there are currently 400 investigative procedures pending against eu officials . 
  the commission claims that corruption is no more widespread in brussels than anywhere else , but the budget expert for the german cdu in the european parliament , inge grassle , describes this view as `` laughable '' . 
  the magazine quotes uk mep daniel hannan as saying `` if the european commission were a company , all the commissioners would be in prison '' . 
  all commissions since 1999 ( when jaques santer 's team all resigned over corruption ) have promised to fight corrupton , and all have failed . 
  the present anti-corruption commissioner , siim kallas , was himself embroiled in a major financial scandal in the 1990 's ( at least he has practical experience ) . 
  even the commission admits that 320 euros have been stolen - nearly 1 million per day . 
  the true figure is probably much higher - see below . 
  ( european journal , oct 07 ; der speigel 27.8.07 ), 
  turnusb had a valid point with regard to scale in that india and china have typically been very introspective battling the cultural divides within their nation . 
  china would certainly collapse into smaller states without the urin hand of the state . 
  it is certainly run along feudalistic lines with party patronage counting for a lot . 
  is that a drunk mermaid ? 
  corruption within the eu is a problem now , never mind in some idealised future . 
  it is good for people if it is employing them . 
  [ nope , none whatsoever ] ( http://autonomousmind.wordpress.com/2011/02/19/the-guardians-rank-hypocrisy-on-tax-avoidance/ ), 
  sorry , i meant where are these european democratic institutions ? 
  we have the eu parliament which seems to be increidbly under powered compared to the other pillars of eu power . 
  i agree that setting up what describe would be a positive thing but politically and culturally i think it is a long way off . 
   using european democratic institutions . 
  examples ? 
  there are crazy downvoters on this subreddit . 
  read the economist , it 's a very good newspaper . 
  not really . 
  the glee with which our continental neighbours pounce upon the perceived wrong moves of the uk , especially around here , is ridiculous right up until one of their `` own '' says or does something negative . 
  in which case there is more often than not a stony silence . 
  the lack of comments from the normally euphoric europhiles is quite telling . 
  ok , europhiles , please explain this idiots ' ramblings and how this helps us feel like a community ? 
  edit : typo, 
  let 's stop the cap :d, 
   in fact , fewer than 10 percent of greece 's nearly 5 million workers will now be able to retire before 65 . 
  my cold , black heart is not exactly bleeding . 
   it 's funny the ruling states that [ ... ] i 'm sure there was a lot that was not said . 
  if memory serves , and this is just memory so i may be well out , but i recall that during the boom government spending was falling and debt was going down which is a stark contrast to the spending like a fucktard during a boom and increasing debt pretty much year on year . 
  not at all , but seeing how the original stability and growth pact went i have little faith that either the eu has the willpower to enact sanctions against a `` big '' member especially since france seems keen on torpedoing the idea that the commission can veto budgets or that the population of a country would be prepared to undergo the painful measures needed for a prolonged period when they can see the rest of the eu recovering . 
  in all honesty i have no idea what the eurozone should do . 
  the only `` realistic '' options i can see for greece and others in a similar position is to leave the eurozone or that germany guarantees the debt in return for budgets being agreed with germany . 
  for greece this might not be such a big issue but i can well imagine that the french and italians would resist . 
  i 'm sure he has many endearing qualities but the same can be said for most criminals . 
  the point is he is a theiving fuck who should be in prison . 
   why remove that power from a government ? 
  because many governments have demonstrated their inability to act in the interests of the population . 
  edit : had there been something akin to the obr ( in the uk ) and had brown been legally obliged to adhere to his comedic golden rules the uk might not have been so screwed . 
  ( ok this is laughably idealistic i know , but go with the principle ) . 
  if this is anything like what comes to pass then i am glad the uk is out of it . 
  this very much looks like a growth and stability pact ii with one tooth instead of none . 
  if the eurozone is to survive without germany paying for everyone then they need to come up with more realistic and better plans . 
  what ? 
  surely not . 
  i thought it was the uk which disliked the wonderful treaty . 
   jacques chirac a two-year suspended prison sentence for diverting public funds and abusing public confidence . 
  seriously france ? 
  get that bastard in prison . 
  this is demonstrably not true . 
  if you get two $ 1 bank notes and place them opposite each other , maybe with a glass of water next to them and then ask them to talk to each other you will find that they do not respond . 
  not so much as a whisper . 
  furthermore , if you do try to torture them by , say threatening to set them on fire unless they talk to you again they say nothing . 
  in conclusion it is safe to say $ $ do not talk . 
  after my last trip to the us in 2003 - never again . 
  time to raid those foreign currency reserves methinks !, 
  pfft , they could scrap the cap , that 'd save enough to let the average greek retire at the age of 14 ,, 
  i also think a lot of companies are deleveraging due to adverse conditions . 
  interest rates may be low for interbank lending but you 're still looking at high interests rates for commercial loans and personal debt . 
  credit cards as well are still very expensive despite the low interest rates . 
  at this point in time i think it makes more sense to pay down debt to limit future liabilities than it does to invest . 
  moreso if you 're an industry or sector which is reliant on consumers . 
   [ sarkozy ] got her to water down the idea that private bondholders must take a hit whenever countries get into trouble . 
  for all the cameron bashing about protecting the banks that comment ( if any one has the source it would be interesting to read ) by sarkozy suggests the socialisation of private losses . 
  french exceptionalism again ? 
  honestly , i think people are looking at it the wrong way around . 
  the uk has managed to isolate the eurozone . 
  we have saved ourself from ever increasing insanity , 
  over what ? 
   i can laugh at his fortnightly attempt to get his face on the news because nothing he says will apply to my children . 
  nor will it cost them # 27,000 to go to university , even if they go to an english one . 
  and eventually the welsh budget will be cut . 
  laugh at that all you like . 
   you should come and visit a devolved country . 
  i lived in wales for about 6 years and go there frequently . 
  last time i asked that i got downvoted and told to shut up :d lovely folk here at / r/europe . 
  the welsh and ni are toothless .
