  it could be funded with venture capital or seed funding from savings . 
  neither of those are profit and would enable a salary to be paid . 
  if the company pays me a salary it is a paid job at least under uk law . 
    the amount of children who want to be a doctor or engineer when they grow up is quite high . 
  how come so many do n't make it , i mean , apart from the ones who genuinely do n't have the learning capacity ? 
  apart from that ? 
  i 'm genuinely not sure , though i would expect learning capacity and possibly realising that being a doctor is very hard work and requires a lot of dedication to be significant barriers to entry . 
  as for engineering , well probably because it 's a lot more dull as an adult since you 're not always going to be building awesome castles . 
  it 's very hard to get excited about motorway maintenance . 
  lots of people want to be astronauts and also spiderman . 
  so i 'm not sure what your point is here . 
   in many developed countries you see a shift towards both parents working part-time so they can spend time with the kids equally . 
  i imagine we 'd see a lot more of that happening . 
  i would love that to happen , but this is down to personal circumstances and if earnings are ever a consideration then chances are one parent will always out-earn the other . 
   i think that 's quite overly-dramatic . 
  we will however probably see a big shift in the economy though . 
  why ? 
  i think the system would become quickly unworkable . 
  many people stuck in jobs they hate would leave quite quickly , many people with low level health conditions would leave to find something less stressful or to just enjoy their life . 
  as would many older people . 
  the point i make is that what we collectively need probably wo n't be met by people who want to work . 
   ( this is a silly point ; in all likelihood supply and demand will find a new , more healthy equilibrium ) that equilibrium will probably not look too different from what it is today for many . 
  a life on benefits is a basic existance and if you want better you have to work . 
   well , they are getting worse , and this is having an averse effect , which is kind of the point of this discussion . 
  yes and no . 
  undoubtedly all systems need refining and evolving over time and as automation takes low skilled jobs away or they get off-shored then there is a very big socio-political point about what happens to those people but ultimately the point is to what extent should the individual rely on the group tro provide more than the absolute basics ? 
   thank you so much , kind sir !, 
  you are too generous !, 
  it is my one true fault . 
  i doubt it is a desire to not see it but that the cold reality is slightly more challenging than responding to a survey . 
  the key challenge is to define what the basic needs are . 
  if it is simply food , shelter , heat and probably access to the internet well i 've good news for you !, 
  most of the benefits systems in western europe will give you this i believe though there may be time limits and conditions attached . 
  if however , by needs you mean to say something like having enough money left over for a holiday every few years or to have unlimited access to educational opportunities thrown in with some spare cash to fund whatever hobbies it is you like . 
  if we get to this level i would imagine so many people would leave jobs so quickly that the newsrooms wouldnt have time to broadcast the information . 
  people like to do things , few of us are so lazy that 'd we 'd sit on our backsides and do nothing for our whole lives but to marry up what is needed by the population at large ( food , water , sewage , transportation , telecoms , healthcare ) to those willing to sacifice time out of their day when they have so many alternatives available and i think you 'd find something of a gap . 
  especially on thursdays . 
   remember that all activity is economic activity . 
  me scratching my arse playing the piano when the mood takes me for my own enjoyment is not economic activity . 
  or if it is i 've been doing my tax returns wrong . 
   imagine the sudden rise in demand for hobby-related materials an economy based on hobby items would be interesting ...  the amount of hand-made kick-knacks that will suddenly need to be sold er , economics doesnt exactly work like that . 
  if supply increases with an increase in demand we tend to see prices falling . 
  no amount of price drop would make me buy some of the hand made tat you see now let alone if our economy changed . 
   the demand for places to go and engage in your hobby of choice , or the demand for teachers of certain crafts or sports you assume that there would be an increase in supply of quality teaching . 
  i could teach someone to play the piano to about grade 4 but what is my motivation ? 
  i really dont want to teach . 
  and without motivation to stay employed and enjoy a ( much ? ), 
  higher quality of life i imagine many people would stop at some point . 
  bare in mind some skills are hard to learn and require a lot of investment ( medicine , engineering ) . 
  also , while i ca n't speak for all fathers given the choice i would love to be a stay at home parent and enjoy my childrens childhood . 
  all in all - given a level of income that would truly make people comfortable i think we 'd see there being a real crunch in too many critical skills maybe such that it would cause economic collapse and we 'd end up in something of a pre-industrialisation society . 
  basics such as food production , transportation , sewage treatment are all things we take so much for granted we forget the hard work we need to keep them going and how thankless these jobs are in the grand scheme of things . 
  now , you may so `` yeah but wages would rise to make things more attractive to people '' well they might , but this is inflationary and if the current model is any guide this will just push up prices overall until the point that people need to work to live ... 
  but all this depends on your definition of `` basic needs '' . 
  with some tweaks i dont see why the welfare systems in most european countries are that bad . 
   also , imagine what we can save on healthcare if people are n't stressed out , depressed and unhappy all the time . 
  yes , one good point . 
  the question posed was :  examined responses to the statement `` i would enjoy having a paid job even if i did not need the money '' if you asked me that i would assume i 'd won the lottery and didnt need to work . 
  not that i had a very basic level of needs met . 
  the problem i have with that is the definition of `` need '' . 
  aside from the threat of sanctions people on benefits do not need to work ( in the uk at least and i 'm sure elsewhere in western europe ) . 
  sure , life is not pretty and it can be a wretched existence but as far as basic needs go they are met . 
  i imagine that when most of think of `` needs '' we are probably reflecting a somewhat more comfortable life where we have enough cash to play about with to some extent and that 's where things get murky . 
  given the choice i 'd quite happily spend my life drifting through university courses , learn languages and play the piano and do the odd bit of historical reenactment and never do a days work again ... seriously , i hate working even though i am in a very fortunate position career wise . 
  assuming i am anywhere near average then i 'd assume that many people would pursue their hobbies and interests and i 'd not expect this to line up with things that are economically or socially useful . 
  er , nope . 
   examined responses to the statement `` i would enjoy having a paid job even if i did not need the money '' now , if you asked me that i 'd assume that we were talking about a post-euromillions jackpot win . 
  sure , i 'd love to set up a company and mess about with things i find interesting . 
  who cares if i make a profit . 
  if you 're giving me enough money to just about get by , then it 's a whole different calculation , not to mention access to resources . 
  all in all , title is bollocks . 
  how so ? 
  the uk often gold plates eu laws and we tend to follow them or noisily fight against them . 
  plus the majority of us do n't claim to be at the heart of europe . 
   you want france to respect the deficit rules ? 
  yes , in the same way we want the greeks to respect the rules . 
  your post is the epitome of `` big country '' arrogance . 
  one rule for france ( and if they dont like it they 'll ignore it anyway ) and one rule for all the smaller countries . 
  edit : a word, 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mini ) sure , the marue/brand is currently owned by bmw but the modern mini 's are closer to tanks than to the originals . 
  the point is more about culture and say what you will but the mini is associated with the uk in much the same way bratwurst is n't . 
  hmm ... i think you 'll find english culture does pretty well . 
  from shakespeare to harry potter . 
  top gear to dr. who . 
  the mini to aston martin . 
  sure we do n't churn out the volume that the us does but then we have 20 % of the population the us does . 
  interesting reading , so many were repealed otherwise they 'd still be valid :d, 
  our legal system , unlike many of those on the continent , is based on common law which is often set by precedent . 
  so , as noted in the link itself , it may well be statue , but there are other laws which superceed it , there 's load of quirky laws but i would n't pin your hopes on killing the scots in york on laws set a few hundred years ago . 
  you should go see the rest of the planet ... and then you 'll know how those `` 1 % '' feel when people bitch about having to pay more tax, 
  local shops would probably allow for some sort of credit and since electricity is down cash registers would n't work anyways ... neither would cctv or other things , so frankly i 'm back to fight to the death again , 
  fight to the death ? 
  if the banking system has gone that wrong so probably will law and order . 
  alternatives are always there , you just have to go back to non-currency based trade which if the banking system has gone wrong is what would happen . 
  if i did n't have to pay for my taxi home by cash i 'd rarely use cash . 
  maybe once a month . 
  most private sure , but the others ? 
  contactless is awesome . 
  you ( collectively americans ) use cheques ( checks ) ... come back when you got in to the 21st century, 
  you 've misunderstood trade .
