  these however , tend to be smaller countries and when one looks at the major blocs in the eu they have a very southern tint - consider that italy , spain and france are quite a powerful grouping economically and culturally and especially interested in maintaining the cap . 
  when coupled with a few smaller nations like greece and portugal you can see that the political slant of the eu is gonig to be heavily influence by this group . 
  the uk by comparison has the like of denmark , the netherlands and to some extent poland as natural allies . 
  germany , while it oftens tends to the uk position is also very keen to keep france onside . 
  furthermore , just like the uk france is very eager to wield a veto when its purpose suits , it is also very protectionist and this runs counter to much of what the more open economies want . 
  that is a subjective matter , not everyone holds the same values , morals or desired outcomes . 
  for you what might be a better reason for staying might be a damned good reason to leave . 
  i find it hard to believe i 'm having to explain this to someone . 
  your problem is that for whatever reason you believe your view is the correct one and you appear to be dogmatic in that approach - along with many other europhiles ( and in fairness eurosceptics too ) . 
  there are plenty of sensible and rational reasons for not wanting to be in the eu which are either theoretical or practical to simply label people who hold such views as uninformed or misled nicely highlights a lot of the eu mentality `` the only way is our way - keep voting until you get the right answer . '', 
  the problem is when uk-fr-de the circlejerk still happens only fr tries harder to keep germany sweet . 
  seriously ? 
  are you so fucking perfect that anyone who could possibly want is to your mind uninformed and misled ? 
  quite often the uk, 
  er , you 'd be concerned with tax on profit surely ? 
  taxing revenue is not a good idea . 
  pfft , we still have our free health care :p, 
  i agree we should n't but it appears we do . 
  why ? 
  because elements of our own society see it as a form of guilt-ridden angst appeasement and hope that `` they will come round to our way of thinking '' . 
   how do you get yourself to believe that you 're exempt from this evolutionary process , that you reside so far above it that your ideas are entitled to be shielded from contradiction upon pain of imprisonment ? 
  the amount of self-regard required for that is staggering to me . 
  simple , it 's called religion . 
  the entire thing is subjective as you point out and the more we make exceptions for things like islam then the more we destroy the foundations of our own society which has taken centuries to evolve . 
  the problem lies in the lack of assimilation and integration of immigrants - not the immigrants themselves though . 
  unless `` we '' are willing to enforce our own system of beliefs on others then we 're already doomed since those who favour such censureship and restriction of freedoms will chip away in the same way the religious right in america has chipped away at the constitution . 
  honest ? 
  you do realise he is a politician do n't you ? 
   since then ours has got bigger and better it only got better because we spent money on it . 
   all of the things you listed we can handle , if the majority of our forces were n't preoccupied in afghanistan . 
  for now maybe , but in 10 years ? 
  defence spending is a long term thing . 
  you ca n't build a fleet of destroyers or tanks in a few days after war is declared . 
  like anything defence requires investment and one of the reasons we have had such a period of prosperity and relative stability it because we do invest in it . 
   france , france , france , yeah , i agree with you , they 're definitely lacking in economic policy , but we outnumber them and can easily block them when they try to pull that shit on an eu level . 
  i like bashing the french as much as the next person and they often provide the best ammo for demonstrating points but the behaviours are not limited to them . 
  spain does exactly the same thing with regards to cap and other hand outs for roads-to-nowhere . 
  the `` we '' that can block `` them '' does n't appear to exist . 
  at least i have seen no evidence for it on the eu level . 
  all eucrats seem concernted with is lining their own pockets and telling themselves what a wonderful job they have done . 
  on this level at least i can agree with the comparisons with the ussr ( go read ` dead souls ' by gogol ) . 
   you were the one who said the laws were n't being followed . 
  if not by furthering integration , how are you meant to enforce these laws that are sometimes ignored ? 
  if you 've signed up to a treaty with someone and they fail to adhere to it i do n't understand the rationale that says signing up to another treaty with them that binds you closer is a good thing . 
  to use a ( lame ) analogy , if you are burgled you dont invite the thief to live with you . 
    i was n't trying to say the uk is exempt from these charges , but all the major eu economic policies seem to be tending towards state interference lately . 
   so you 'll just leave even though you 're a full member ? 
  why not push back on those policies ? 
  because as has been discussed ad nauseum the uk position is generally a minority one and even most british people do not like the idea of the eu , certainly not as it stands now . 
   if that 's so , why are `` we '' a majority in the european parliament and are most eu member-states currently governed by centre-right parties ? 
  centre-right ! = free market . 
  any french government is protectionist . 
  sarkozy was no exception and he was seen as fairly `` free market '' by the french populace though his policies were largely rolled back by hollande . 
  we still have cap and all the other shite so if `` we '' are the majority clearly we need our heads testing . 
   so , further integration to avoid this ? 
  ah , the solution for every problem in euroland - `` quick !, 
  it is n't working , we must try it again only moreso ! '', 
  who in their right mind would want to give up more powers and commit to federalisation when we have the problems that we do ? 
  it 'd be insanity . 
   bollocks , most eu nations are thankfully trying to reduce state intervention in the economy . 
   i could also look at the labour governments there in the uk that were for 13 years in power till just recently and say that for some time there you wanted a degree of state capitalism and that 's just not true , just like it is n't true when other eu member-states also elect centre-left governments . 
  i was n't trying to say the uk is exempt from these charges , but all the major eu economic policies seem to be tending towards state interference lately . 
   yeah , yeah , the french and cap , cfp and all that , you 're absolutely right , we need to stop this and to do that we could either leave the eu ( totally not worth it ) , get opt-out clauses ( like the uk has been doing for some time now whenever some bad idea comes along ) or do the utmost to stop any such idea from being implemented on an eu scale ( what we should be doing much better ) . 
  the problem is that `` we '' free-market tending liberals appear to be in a minority across the eu . 
   one thing is certain , the eu has already removed most if not all of the trade barriers within europe itself , we just need to continue removing these barriers to trade for the rest of the world , and you 'll have to agree with me that this will have a much stronger impact if we do it as the eu as opposed to some member-states on their own . 
  this is where the devil is in the detail , because yes , in principle i can see your point . 
  however , it has a leaden weight attached to it in the form of nation states . 
  france , germany and the uk have all dragged their heels over the liberalisation of various industries and france in particular has used its heel-dragging to buy those companies from other nations so that it retains a competitive advantage and because target countries have correctly implemented the laws there is bugger all they can do to stop it . 
  germany almost weighed in when vodafone took over mannsman ( sp ) nearly a decade ago , france has refused to implement various laws and even in the cases where countries ( including the uk ) have simply ingored the rules the whole legal wrangling takes years ... so yes , the laws may be there in principle but they are sometimes ignored in practice . 
   few ? 
  you , ireland , iberia , italy , benelux , germany , austria and most of central europe , the nordics and all of eastern europe . 
  i 'd say the exception are the french and perhaps greece if they collapse but they 're an exception , the rest of us want just that . . we ca n't let this european project be hijacked by the few who want to live at the expense of others . 
  germany ?!?!, 
  they 'd be state capitalism all the way , their state owned landesbank ( sp ) have a significant say in a lot of businesses . 
  italy ? 
  sure , it 's free market bribery . 
  there 's also this : although tit for tat is considered to be the most robust basic strategy , a team from southampton university in england ( led by professor nicholas jennings [ 2 ] and consisting of rajdeep dash , sarvapali ramchurn , alex rogers , perukrishnen vytelingum ) introduced a new strategy at the 20th-anniversary iterated prisoners ' dilemma competition , which proved to be more successful than tit for tat . 
  this strategy relied on cooperation between programs to achieve the highest number of points for a single program . 
  give her my regards, 
    i simply do not recognise a single european demos , from which we can perceive a sufficiently converged set of common aims and expectations . 
  this is necessary for me to have confidence that any common governance will be [ both ] representative of , [ and ] accountable to , my needs . 
  in short , i would not consider it legitimate . 
   there are plenty of british citizens who say the same of westminster , you know ? 
  there are plenty of people who would say the same of * any * system of government . 
   the winning strategy in repeated prisoners dilema is to trust the first time you play with someone , and to repeat what he did to you the last time every time you play with him again . 
  it 's not the only winning strategy and it also depends on what you mean by `` win '' . 
   ca n't you see that brussels is the perfect way to free the market on an whole european scale ? 
  see ? 
  i can ** see ** brussels do everything * but * encourage a free market . 
  it over-regulates ( not helped by the french insistence that critical industries such as yoghurt making be protected from evil foreign owners ) , the majority of nations in the eu seem to want either state capitalism or outright protectionism there are few that truly want a free market economy ( with sensible laws to mitigate externalities ) . 
  so , no , i ca n't see that brussels frees the market . 
  where it has tried in areas such as airport ownership and electricity it failed dismally and bent to politics far too quickly . 
  this post should be told a thousand times over . 
  i 'm sad i only have one upvote to give . 
  for all the talk of secularism and atheism in europe as a whole we do cling to notions of divine right only we dress it up under the banner of `` progress '' . 
  my opinion that a 14 year old writes drivel that borders on the sycophantic ? 
  all we need is a `` dear leader '' and we may wonder if he 's from north korea . 
  did you read the letter ? 
  i 'd be slightly worried if a 14 year old said those things during normal discourse . 
  the brainwashing is complete ...
