macron did n't suggest `` en masse '' surveillance , but explicitly mentioned communication from ( and within ) terrorist organisations . 
  that being said , and technical difficulties aside , he did n't mention who he was thinking the relevant authority was to decide who is a `` terrorist '' . 
  in france , the efficient authorities are the intelligence services . 
  there is a huge issue there : the intelligence services are very close to the executive power ( basically , the president ) in france . 
  work has been done to make intelligence work more controlled , but all this counter-terrorist stuff is going the wrong way in terms of not putting this kind of power in the hand of the president and his/her collaborators . 
  personal misuses of the intelligence services by presidents are unfortunately common in the history of the fifth republic ... 
  hence , even if it was a good idea technically speaking ( it 's not , reasons are being given on this thread ) , it 's a dangerous idea democratically speaking ... 
  but condorcet voting is subjected to condorcet paradox ... 
  but i agree that majoritarian vote is possibly one of the most crippled way to vote , despite it being the most popular ... 
  sure . 
  it also depends on how serious you take the word `` crazy '' , none of them are , strictly speaking , of course !, 
  he 's probably talking about cheminade and asselineau . 
  many of their claims are ... exotic , to say the least . 
  interesting . 
  despite being largely considered a `` weak character '' president , hollande had a massive surge of approval after the paris attacks . 
  would that be because there was no other leading figure to rally to ? 
  to be fair , the prime minister manuel valls is seen as a strong , authoritarian character , which might confounding in that situation ... 
   not saying we should relax vigilance , but fearmongering also is n't helping . 
  of course !, 
  for the frequency , the italian article you cited above found 10 % in the `` general population '' , though i 'm not sure how they defined it . 
  yes , because there 's `` total '' and `` partial '' resistance . 
  the guy clearly states heterozygotes do not have partial resistance . 
  apparently , based on evidence reported by / u/roguetanuki , it seems he was a bit too blunt in his statement . 
  yet it does n't change the issue that bothered me : a frequency of 10 % of the mutation does n't mean that we have 10 % of resistance . 
  it should be obvious , i really do n't understand the reluctance here ... actually , the study reported by / u/roguetanuki is even more puzzling than that , because they get 20 % on heterozygote in a group of resistant people . 
  that means a lot of resistance cases must be explained by other factors . 
  that 's not what the guy says in the article , which information i was using :  if you get only one dose , you will not be resistant to infection . 
  however , you may be able to delay the onset of hiv once you become infected . 
  it would of course make sense that a very partial protection could be observed for heterozygotes . 
  it still does n't make 10 % of resistant people in the population , so i 'm sure what the point of this argument is ? 
  all i 'm saying is you ca n't go from `` this mutation is at frequency 10 % in the population '' to `` there 's 10 % of resistant '' . 
  the expected number of resistant people is far less than that . 
  i 'm not simply being pedantic here : there 's consequences to overstating the number of resistant people in the population at a time where we 're all relaxing vigilance towards hiv . 
  that should call for caution !, 
  why ? 
  the researcher is stating that clearly in the quote :  if you get only one dose , you will not be resistant to infection . 
  not really . 
  it 's like having your bully brother leaving : you ca n't help being sad !, 
  it 's not the wording they confused/confusing about , it 's the numbers . 
  you either have a frequency of 10 % or a resistance of 10 % , but not both if being resistant requires having the two copies . 
  if you are infected ( although with a delay ) , you are not resistant . 
  resistant means you are not ( or much much less ) susceptible of being infected . 
  a delayed infection is not really resistance . 
  that 's not what `` resistant '' means in epidemiology . 
  no you have n't ... yet . 
  it does n't add up ... 
  they say the frequency of the mutation went to up `` 1 in 10 '' , so 10 % , but then they say you need two copies ( be homozygote ) to be resistant . 
  assuming equilibrium , that means 1 % of resistant individuals , quite far from the 10 % in the title ... 
   if france ca n't lead today , that is hardly the fault of the germans . 
  never said it was , no doubt about that !, 
  yes , hammon 's position is a bit subtle , hence the parenthesis . 
  maybe i went too far saying he 's not exactly pro-eu . 
  but he 's clearly on the `` no '' side to the 2005 referendum , meaning he 's opposed to the currently way eu is working ( though , again , this might too quick a statement ... ) . 
  edit : i was definitely too hard on the guy ... his project of a federal eurozone is imho very much pro-eu and going into the right direction !, 
  both kinda coexist in france . 
  i 'm not sure one is stronger than the other . 
  apart from lepen , most left - to far-left candidates are seeing germany as `` taking over europe '' . 
  even the left-wing candidate hammon is not exactly pro-eu ( not that he is anti either ) . 
  ehm ... you see the two big white dots at the south of the north-east green area ? 
  never said that far-right automatically entail homophobia . 
  i guess my sentence was incorrect : `` well that far-right that is hysterical about ... '' is more what i meant . 
  well , i guess most of them lie between far-right and right-of-the-right . 
  those that think that schools are doing some propaganda for the gay lobby and that being gay is a mental illness definitely check many points for being far-right , and i was meaning them . 
  but i 'm very not found of political tags , so we can call this as you want , as long as we agree on what 's behind the terms . 
  `` religious conservative '' is indeed more precise and fine by me . 
  my point was , the `` macron is gay '' thing count for those people , but would never have voted macron anyway . 
  `` far-right '' is more complex than just mlp and the fn . 
  think about `` la manif pour tous '' for example . 
  i agree they tend to prefer fillon , but they belong to a type of far-right ( not saying fillon is far-right to be safe ) . 
  i 'm not saying there 's a lot of people like this , but they exist in a number significant enough to be audible . 
  basically , many people hate the socialist party after hollande , the party itself is mostly skeptical about its program , almost nobody speaks for him in the media ... 
  the guy is practically on mute . 
  fillon is definitely not centre-right ( at least according to a french scale ! ) . 
  he is very conservative socially speaking , being tight with the right-wing christian community and people against gay mariage . 
  well , the far-right that is hysterical about the `` lgbt lobby '' care , a lot !, 
  and they believe it !, 
  but they would never vote for macron anyway . 
  edit : changed the sentenced to make clear i was n't speaking about the whole far-right . 
   35-hour working week , five weeks of holidays per year at least the text in the website seems pretty up-to-date : those are far more recent than the 60s ( 35-hours week dates back from 2000 ) . 
  when you say `` nordic model '' to french people , they rather think about sweden , high level of public education , good social security , strong focus on equality ... mostly good stuff . 
  they do n't really connect it to the flexicurity model ( which is more typical of the danish system , right ? ) . 
  actually , the reform of the work code which put many people on strike last year , and was mostly design by macron , was aiming to reach for this system on principle . 
  the problem was : this reform was a lot about `` flexibility '' and not much about `` security '' . 
  you could say we have a lot of security on the subject in france , but that 's only on paper due to the high level of unemployement ( meaning if you got fired , you 'll most likely have trouble finding a new job ) and utterly crap of training/conversion system for people wanting to change sectors of activity . 
  and as you suggest , it might be true we do n't like uncertainty ( though it would require a proper analysis ) . 
  but there 's something deeper than that : for something like 20-30 years , it feels , for many people ( i could n't judge much , i 'm a bit too young to have seen this trend , but old enough to recognise this was the case lately ) , that many reforms have been put in place that degraded the security of workers and created precariousness . 
  so any move in the direction of `` flexibility '' is seen as suspicious by the left-wing population and fiercely fighted against . 
  all that means french people would probably require even more security than danish people to accept the flexicurity system in my opinion . 
  seems fair to me !, 
  those are only reserved for new zealand though . 
  and calling the country `` nazi-zealand '' after being convicted for vandalism ... ( damn , there would be a plot to make us look bad that it would not be nearly as efficient as that ... ), 
  that ... and stealing in supermarkets !, 
  soooo , if we think about it very deeply and with just a sufficient amount of bad faith , french people are the ones speaking the cleanest english ?!, 
  yes , those are of french origin . 
  merci !, 
  to be fair , this bill really is bayrou 's . 
  when bayrou rallied to macron , he insisted on it and it 's no coincidence he 's the one to ~ ~ bear ( not sure the best word in english ) ~ ~ sponsor the bill . 
  not saying that macron does n't strongly support the bill , but the credit here goes to bayrou ( and ren\u00e9 dosi\u00e8re , a left-wing mp ) imho . 
  sure is stupid ... 
  i think we have the same issue for academics wanting to work on negationism and stuff like that , do n't we ?
