coins are legal tender everywhere , but the only notes that are legal tender are bank of england-issued notes , and they 're only legal tender in england and wales . 
  however , all notes issued in england , scotland , and northern ireland are all of the same currency , the pound sterling . 
  a five-pound note issued in gibraltar , for example , is a different currency , the gibraltar pound , albeit a currency pegged 1:1 with the pound sterling , but legal a different currency non-the-less . 
  northern irish or scottish pound notes are legally the same currency as a bank of england pound note , but the acceptance just varies . 
  there is n't even such a thing as scottish pounds or northern irish pounds . 
  they 're all pound sterling , it 's just that various parts of the united kingdom issue different notes of the same currency . 
  and how is a a farce anyway ? 
  no foreigners , be they eu citizens or not , are allowed to vote in sweden 's parliamentary elections , only the local elections , and for that to happen non-eu citizens have to fulfill a length-of-residence requirement . 
  is allowing people who live in a place the chance to say how their local government is run really that bad ? 
  you do realise that non-citizens are allowed to vote in local elections in the uk as well , * and * in this referendum , right ? 
  alvedon = any kind of paracetamol . 
  [ for reference , in 2014 the mean municipal tax rate in sweden is 31.86 % . 
   countries in asia two attempts . 
  mixed up bahrain and qatar , and turkmenistan and uzbekistan . 
  one of my classmates who lived in one of those towers always complained about the state of it . 
  guess i should show him these pictures and get him to shut up about it . 
  it 's called the [ party-list proportional representation system ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/party-list_proportional_representation ) . 
  it 's used by a number of countries ( with a number of different varieties ) , such as the scandinavian countries , new zealand , and poland , to name a few . 
  oh please , swedish neutrality is the biggest myth there is !, 
  well , for one thing , there is n't a zebra crossing right outside the saudi embassy ... 
  interestingly , when talking about money , we always use the singular form of `` lax '' , but when talking about multiple salmon , we use the plural , `` laxar '' . 
  so 5,000 sek is `` fem [ 5 ] lax '' , but five salmon is `` fem laxar '' . 
   just a week or so ago the foreign minister called a radio show and clarified some statements he made about a nuclear agreement which were being discussed . 
  nobody asked him to do that he just called the show and gave an interview while he was having his morning coffee . 
  you do n't see the fascists getting that kind of air time . 
  to be fair , there was quite a lot of criticism of both the minister and the radio station in question for allowing that to happen during a radio programme where `` normal '' people are supposed to call into , not politicians who can easily get access to the radio through other means . 
  when i first live in england , i had a payg phone . 
  whenever i 'd go visit my girlfriend in france , it was cheaper to send a text message to another uk mobile number from france than from england . 
  that 's when i decided to change operator ... 
  it 's a terrific drive !, 
   the german language has lost its longest word thanks to a change in the law to conform with eu regulations . 
  no , the german language has not `` lost '' the word at all . 
  it 's still right there in the article , thus by definition not being `` lost '' at all . 
  whatever language they spoke at the dawn of humanity , that 's lost , because we do not know what it is , but we still know what rindfleischetikettierungsueberwachungsaufgabenuebertragungsgesetz is . 
   i 'm really struggling to see how they could justify leaving it out . 
  it must be on some grounds that because it was only one guy it was n't terrorism . 
  or something inane like that . 
  even if you ignore the events of ut\u00f8ya he blew up a government building . 
  that 's about as terrorism as you get i honestly ca n't figure it out either . 
  i can understand if they do n't consider him to be part of a larger right-wing extremist group , but you do n't need to be part of a group to be a terrorist . 
  i do . 
  i often work quite late , so it 's quite convenient to have a food store open late so that i do n't have to get up really early to go grocery shopping . 
  of course , in recent years , most stores tend to stay open longer , even non-food stores . 
  thought that may very well be restricted to larger cities . 
  a lot of shops do , but not food stores . 
  as you say , it might be a recent development though , but i 'm not old enough to know how it was twenty years ago . 
  way too early . 
  in sweden , most food stores at open until 10 or 11 pm during the weekdays . 
  nope . 
  it 's der spiegel , for example . 
  not to mention very poorly written . 
   i live in stockholm and i do n't notice anything , i just see it in the media . 
  same here . 
  then once again , i live in a rather central neighbourhood and not out in the suburbs . 
  this is the first time in 27 years that the host country has won the competition . 
  also the first time that sweden has won the tournament * in * sweden . 
  we still do , but not to riga . 
  we take the ferry to finland . 
  the alcohol on board is cheaper because whilst both sweden and finland are part of the eu , the ferry docks at the \u00c5land islands , which , though part of the eu , is not part of the eu vat area , which means they can sell alcohol tax-free . 
  in sweden , foodstuffs are usually 12 % vat , but alcohol is taxed at 25 % . 
  vat on beer is , i believe , 25 % in denmark , and 16 % in germany . 
   how came they are n't capable of that ? 
  because our politicians like to pretend that we 're living in a really peaceful part of the world where nothing bad will ever happen so why would we need a military that actually works ? 
  hey , if i do n't have to deal with them , you can keep them !, 
  denmark is the glaring exception to scandinavian alcohol policy , that 's for sure . 
  the data for sweden uses the 2011 statistics , not the 2012 ones . 
  [ in 2012 , the most popular surname in sweden was andersson , which beat johansson by 126 people . 
  ] ( http://www.scb.se/pages/tableandchart____31063.aspx ), 
  it 's kinda funny calling a 2.1 million square kilometre large country a micro state , but with a population just over 50,000 , i 'd rather agree with that description . 
  same thing here in sweden !, 
  it 's +4 here in stockholm !, 
  [ please . 
  ] ( http://www.meanwhilepics.com/images/50360e0d1d41c876cf000009.jpg?mw=555 ), 
  haha , of course not !, 
  it 's berlusconi , that guy could get away with murder !, 
  the european commission did actually accept that the initial removal was due to a bug . 
  yes , but when they 're facing multi-million euro fines , you 'd have thought they 'd get their act together and fix the problem . 
  a very convenient 14-month long bug . 
  at first , the lack of a choices-screen was due to a bug , which the commission accepted , but they did n't fix it for 14 months , whilst claiming they had . 
  that , the commission did n't accept . 
  thank you , and the same with you . 
  with less rain , of course !, 
  i spent four years studying at the university of essex , at the colchester campus . 
  very good times were had , but now i 've moved back to sweden . 
  the breakfast is indeed very hearty and sets you up good for a nice , cold winters day , but it works delightfully well on a nice , hot summers day as well . 
  it 's very multi-purpose , that 's for sure !, 
  * not * beans on toast . 
  that i picked up from living in england during my university studies . 
  a typical swedish breakfast would probably be a couple of sandwiches , usually with butter and some sort of toppings like cheese , ham , or sausage slices . 
  cod roe paste on boiled eggs is also a popular topping . 
  cereals is also a popular breakfast item , usually alongside the sandwich ( es ) . 
  sometimes it 's eaten with milk , but sometimes we eat it with a type of fermented milk called * filmj\u00f6lk * . 
  all of this is usually topped off with a cup of coffee , which we swede 's * love * to drink !, 
  sadly , today , i had neither beans nor toast . 
  beans on toast , with a cup of coffee . 
  i guess i just base my opinions on reality and facts , rather than whatever biased crap you get your news from . 
  oh , screw you . 
  so there will be an increase in applications , a number of which will be somalians . 
  applications = / = them being allowed to come here . 
  your best source is a far-right , extremely anti-immigration web paper ?
