regional government which is where the biggest corruption problems in spain are not really , our corruption powers are in every level of the politicians scale . 
  remember the `` caja b '' of pp . 
  as it says , it is only for 1 of the regions , comunitat valencia , which has been in power of pp for like forever . 
  pp is the same party who rules our country now , and one of the hardest negotiators against greece . 
  they are corrupted scum . 
  i hope they are kicked out of the government in the next elections . 
  the only difference between greece and spain is size . 
  our unemployment rate is similar , and the only reason spain did n't needed a bailout ( which we got , but with another name ) is because we had a lot of money saved from the good years . 
  money that is running out very fast . 
  with respect to the `` dysfunctional state '' . 
  spanish state has been related with many more cases of corruption than greece . 
  in fact , one of the main causes of our crisis is the corruption from politicians and institutions . 
  the average family in spain is as fucked as the average family in greece . 
  we have more or less the same ratio of people disconnected to the electric network or kids who do n't eat enough food during the day . 
   well , first of all , the trade imbalance in recent years has favored spanish exports to the us , not us exports to spain . 
  apparently spain is the second-largest olive oil exporter to the us , for example . 
  this is because the eu `` protects '' itself and most of the things that we would buy from the usa we buy from germany . 
  on the other hand , most of the things that spain exports nowadays like olive oil , tourism , veg and fruit , can not be produced anywhere else near . 
  so yeah , germany could import vegs from south africa ( which they do ) but they product would be less fresh and more expensive . 
  basically , germany is the big winner . 
  but anyway , we have an answer to `` what happens when a small country stops protecting its industry in order to be more competitive '' . 
  you have an answer in spain for example , where we have had around a 25 % unemployment for the last 5 years , because there is no industry because it was moved somewhere else . 
  so far we can pay for it , because we have a lot of money saved from the good years , but once we ran out of that money , which will happen soon , we are in a big problem . 
  to put some numbers , in unemployemt , pensions and interest from the debt we pay around 300b a year . 
  unemployment and pensions are a 45 % of our total money . 
  paying interests for our debt is a 10 % . 
  depends on the industry . 
  some industry is better run by the government , some does not . 
  usa can not be compared to european countries , because you are bigger , you are more , and you have more natural resources . 
  let me explain you the spanish case . 
  before 1976 , for 40 years we were under a dictatorship , a `` fascist '' . 
  all the industry was mostly controlled by the government , although we were not banning products from the outside . 
  but what happened is that products produced in spain ( like cars , shoes , clothes , radios , tv , washing machines , ... ) were way cheaper and had a very high quality , because the government produced them , so they did n't want a profit . 
  on the other hand , products from usa or germany were exported and were way more expensive , only for rich people . 
  during that time , education and health was free in spain , and the standards were quite high ( living expectancy was high , for example ) . 
  spanish people did n't have such a high living standard as americans , we did n't have the last tv , radio or nikes , but we were ok . 
  problems with our dictator were not economic , but more about freedom and such . 
  our dictator was in good terms with usa , and in fact spain has , i think , the 2 biggest army bases outside usa , which you use every time you go to the east . 
  during the 60s , for example , you dropped by mistake a nuclear bomb in our sea . 
  after the dictator , we went to a democracy ( same we have today ) . 
  all that industry continued to be public directly or indirectly ( high cost of exportion , economic help ) . 
  during the 70s and 80s most of the product done in spain was consumed here , and if you wanted a washing machine a car or similar , it was very very likely that you would buy an spanish product . 
  during the 90s , as we were part of the eu , exportations cost were removed , and help to local industry was removed ( except food , aggriculture and so ) . 
  most of that industry was privatised and then bought by international bigger companies ( seat by vw , iberia by british airways , our electricity was bought by italians and germans , ... ) our government could n't do anything because it was against the law to help our own local industry . 
  this industry was soon after moved somewhere else `` cheaper '' . 
  industry in spain nowadays in non existant , and this partially explains why we have such a high unemployment rate . 
  also , the price of everything went up . 
  so , for the usa everything private is good , because no one can compete with you . 
  for spain and similar countries , if the country does n't protect our industry with are eaten alive by bigger countries . 
  syriza is to blame , not the greek public . 
  i think it is very clear what greek people wanted when they voted for syriza and when they voted no . 
  but tsiripas is a coward , a `` politician '' . 
  greek people is read to take the next step . 
  the government does n't . 
  it 's funny what you say because the uk has done this . 
  at the moment the minimum wage is # 6.50 ( that 's like 9.1 euros which translates to around 1500 euros a month . 
  in 2020 it will be # 9 ( thats 12.65 euros which translates to 2100 euros a month ) . 
  but at the same time they reduced taxes , especially to big companies and corporations . 
  so they say , they remove money from the government and give it to the people . 
  which in my opinion is plain populism , and this would drive the system to something like the usa , where while it is true that the people get more than the government , they also have to pay for health , schools , and so and so . 
  i am a socialist , so i am again this ( lowing taxes ) . 
   unemployment is low this depends on how it is measured . 
  a lot of countries have created lately `` programs '' that unemployed people join and suddenly their dissapear from the statistics . 
  plus the famous `` mini job '' from germany . 
  a better question than `` who is unemployed by our cheated statistics '' would be , `` which % of our workforce has an income enough to survive alone '' . 
  the answer would surprise . 
  i am from spain , one of the countries which a higher unemployment rate . 
  do you know how he count it ? 
  we make a poll , around 10.000 people are called and asked if they work or not . 
  i think that 's fairer than all this `` unemployment programs '' . 
  germany is not the only country that does this , by the way . 
  based on your answer , why should we then vote for governments ? 
  the majority of the people has no idea about what they are voting , they do n't read their programs , they do n't know anything . 
  we just vote based on pamphlets . 
  syriza was voted by 36 % of the population . 
  i know in the uk you like to give total power with a party that gets around the 30 % , but i am perfectly ok with syriza asking in a referendum for it , considering the answer to the deal not only represents the next 4 years , but probably many more , so people who did n't vote for them has also a say . 
  well , if the union were to be like the uk , then no , because we share federation with spain . 
  as far as i know , `` iberia '' does not have any meaning in spain . 
  ( i am spanish btw ) . 
  it just refer to the peninsula . 
  it is geographical term . 
  it is more used in english than in spanish . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iberian_peninsula the iberian peninsula / a\u026a\u02c8b\u026a\u0259ri\u0259n p\u0259\u02c8n\u1d7bnsj\u1d7fl\u0259 / , [ a ] also known as iberia . 
  the english word iberia was adapted from the use of the ancient greek word \u1f38\u03b2\u03b7\u03c1\u03af\u03b1 ( ib\u0113r\u00eda ) by greek geographers under the rule of the roman empire to refer to what is known today in english as the iberian peninsula . 
  [ 1 ] at that time , the name did not describe a single political entity or a distinct population of people . 
  [ 2 ] strabo 's iberia was delineated from keltik\u0113 ( gaul ) by the pyrenees [ 3 ] and included the entire land mass southwest ( he says `` west '' ) of there . 
  i think he complains about the use of the word `` iberia '' . 
  it is an accepted synonym for iberian peninsula . 
  the english word iberia was adapted from the use of the ancient greek word \u1f38\u03b2\u03b7\u03c1\u03af\u03b1 ( ib\u0113r\u00eda ) by greek geographers under the rule of the roman empire to refer to what is known today in english as the iberian peninsula . 
  [ 1 ] at that time , the name did not describe a single political entity or a distinct population of people . 
  [ 2 ] strabo 's iberia was delineated from keltik\u0113 ( gaul ) by the pyrenees [ 3 ] and included the entire land mass southwest ( he says `` west '' ) of there . 
  it 'd not be a joined team , the same way that the uk has england , scotland , wales and n ireland . 
  spanish troops actually left catalunya and the only defense were catalan troops . 
  it 'd never be under the current conditions . 
  madrid might not even be the capital . 
  if portugal ever joined spain in a iberian union , we would need a new constitution that would guarantee the exit of portugal if you wanted . 
  otherwise , you 'd never take it . 
  it 'd be an iberian union . 
  spain assimilating portugal would never work . 
  castilian culture only represents a quarter of spain,
