  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/invasion_of_portugal_ ( 1807 ), 
  a federal iberan union can be the answer to everything . 
  that actually happened with napoleon . 
  catalunya was merged into france , and portugal was given to spain . 
  as someone from spain ( iberia ) , i would like the union . 
  portugal has in common with the rest of iberian territories as many things as some of the spanish parts have betweem them . 
  i would be perfect in order to move forward as an iberian federation . 
  also , as someone from catalunya who is constantly fighting with madrid , it 'd be very good to have another powerhouse to the west . 
  yes they are . 
  places for kindergardens are very limited though , and they are usually given based on money . 
  public schools have more places , the problem with public schools is that a lot of them have high demand , and they are given those ones to people in `` need '' . 
  then everyone who hasnt be assigned a public school is given one in a free slot . 
  so usually middle class are given shite schools far away from their houses . 
  this makes people go for a private school ( or concertado ) nearer their house which is giving more quality ( in theory ) . 
  what i mean by good and bad schools is usually about the services offered . 
  like swimming pool , gym , music class , ... and also `` bad '' public schools are filled with inmigrants who can not speak the language , so your kid instead of learning maths will be sitting there while the teacher tries to explain basic concepts to a foreign student . 
  a private kindergarden will cost you between 300 and 500 euros a month . 
  it is good . 
  germany put eu money given to spain ( as many other countries ) to develop themselves . 
  spain built a lot of fields and green houses to grow fruits and vegs to be sold to eu . 
  i agree with you . 
  i know a case of a family , i think they are the 2 parents and 3 kids . 
  the mum does n't work . 
  with only the salary from the dad they are under some threshold , so they get school / kindergarden for free , plus some other benefits i do n't really know . 
  if the mum worked , they would be above that threshold , so they would lose a lot of those benefits , plus paying for schools , plus someone to take care of the kids , ... making some numbers the best for them is just to keep the mum unemployed ( she is not getting paro ) . 
  that 's the best thing for that family , but it is not the best for the country . 
  i can also speak about the butcher below my house who has n't make a receipt in his life . 
  same for plenty of pubs and bars . 
  we really need to fight all these things . 
  it also does n't include the nearly 2 million people who went to some other countr to work , but who would return to spain asap if they could . 
  it is easy to reduce the unemployment numbers when people is directly leaving the country, 
  this is beause spain is part of the eu , so there are no fees to sell that food in germany . 
  there are quotas of products , and as long as a european country can fill a quota , you wo n't buy things from the outside . 
  germany has `` invested '' a lot of money in making spain the farm from europe . 
  you get fresh product almost the next day and at a very competitive prices . 
  also , the people working on those fields got a fair salary . 
  and everything used from soil to seeds was up to eu standards . 
  green houses camps are the only man made structure you can see from space . 
   the reason is that you get all the tourists from islamic countries and also from greece and so on . 
  a part fears terrorism . 
  and another part fears that they have to share their beaches and bitches in greece with all the refugees . 
    so i do n't think this will help spain for a long time . 
  would be nice , anyhow . 
  spain really deserves a good solution for all this problems . 
  i disagree . 
  the tourism is going up every year . 
  although there is an obvious point where it will just stop . 
  in my city , barcelona , now a lot of people are coming from usa , china and russia . 
  this people did n't use to come here as much before . 
  and this people did n't use to go to islamic countries . 
  it is more related with the price of flights going down . 
  nowadays if you are smart you can get a flight from europe to usa for like 300 euros . 
  years ago this would rarely go below the 800 euros . 
  the same is happening with cruises around the mediterranean . 
  they used to be a luxury , but not anymore , because there are a lot of them , so you can get them for cheap . 
  so basically , the price of tourism has gone down a lot for international tourism . 
  i agree with you , but in my opinion the main problem of spain is the corruption . 
  once we get the systems to fight against it , we can be good again . 
  meanwhile , each month or every 2 months we get some huge scandal . 
  the problem is more about political parties getting total power for 4 years , and as / u/lupinechemist said , changing everything to their own way . 
  it makes everything more unstable than anything . 
  minority governments implement changes is a slower pace , and this is much better . 
  me too . 
  but he is draining the pension funds . 
  that is the only reason we did n't ask for a bailout , because we had the cash . 
  yes . 
  tourism related jobs . 
  but best june in 10 years, 
  sadly we will get the same government . 
  this next 4 years can be brutal because we are likely to run out of ss money , so the debt will be crazy , we will need a bailout or we will default, 
  podemos voters cared about brexit . 
  every party has a set of hardcore fans who will vote regardless whatever happens ( like pp in catalunya even when they said they would destroy the catalan nhs ) . 
  there is also a hardcore group of fans of podemos . 
  but there is also another big group that can vote for podemos , psoe or even c 's . 
  i know quite a lot of people who used to vote psoe and now they are voting c 's or podemos . 
  the media portrays c 's as right , but in the street a lot of people sees them as centre , even centre-left . 
  yes , unidos podemos . 
  all the polls thought they would be in second place with more seats . 
  even the exit poll which is usually very accurate gave 120 to pp and 93 to podemos . 
  then pp got 137 and podemos got 71 . 
  there are several reasons why this happened . 
  brexit is one of them . 
  people prefered to go for the established party . 
   is brexit even being covered by austrian media ? 
  it is covered everywhere in europe, 
  in spain this sunday in our ge , brexit `` hurt '' our moderate * eu sceptic left party . 
  they lost 1 million of votes , and some people say one of the causes was `` brexit '' * moderate only in their eu scpecticism . 
  they are a left party , but their stance about the eu is not 100 % clear . 
  galicia is more spanish than most spain, 
   illegal immigration problem is migration from east to west europe . 
  basically from the last 10 countries that joined eu, 
  why ? 
  places like vilaweb are very dangerous , because they are left liberal places ( i consider myself a left / social / liberal ... / i have always voted for left parties ) . 
  the fact that they have a political aligment similar to ours makes us blind to the fact that they are a cesspit . 
  the_donald is in the other side of the spectrum , so we are already ready to dislike it , but with vilaweb , they upload a lot of content that makes you think `` oh this is really cool '' , but then you check a bit more or read other sources and you are like `` oh wait '' . 
  similar things can be said about the guardian . 
  the main different is that the guardian has good journalists , although some other are just the left version of your average the_donald redditor . 
  that 's why the guardian is very dangerous ... you have excellent columns mixed with horse shit , and you might eat it all at the same time . 
  vilaweb follows a similar rule , with the different that for each good column they have 9 which are horrible echochamber . 
  i 'd say worse .
