  how bloody dare you . 
  australia exports camels to the middle east . 
  not joking, 
  its a power ballad . 
  there 's only so many chords to go round !, 
  emotion on my tv ? 
  i do n't bloody think so . 
  they got reamed last year and almost booed off stage . 
  their act was two quite sweet teenage girls, 
  same way we did . 
  through the legislative body . 
  in the states its been on a state by state basis . 
  do sinn fien actively participate in stormont or abstain like they do in westminster ? 
  good point , completely forgot about that !, 
  how ever under a pr system protest voting is n't really so much a thing . 
  so i do n't think they really would . 
  i think most likely their only mp will take over . 
  in the uk german and other axis pows worked on farms . 
  how many % concentrated power of will ? 
  aaah , that makes more sense , i should really watch hoc, 
  i do n't understand i 'm afraid . 
  in the uk yes , not sure about elsewhere . 
  generally not when it can be interpreted as an abuse of power . 
  for english speakers its one of the easiest . 
  yes . 
  but disproportionately so for a small country . 
  i think i 've mentioned this before but as hilarious as it is to poke fun the irish defence force do a truck load of humanitarian and peace keeping missions . 
  through greece . 
  also greece may have its problems but it 's better than a war zone . 
  let 's not be silly now . 
  they 're tax dodging frenchies really . 
  we just hang onto them in case we want to get normandy back . 
  but but spanish food is one of the main reasons to go ? 
  or anglesey ? 
  chequers is pretty big !, 
  the franc was revalued in the 60s and they were still showing prices in new and old francs well into the 90s !, 
  i think they only stopped when the euro started . 
  i ca n't watch it either . 
  channel 4 are wank, 
  further pedantry if we 're doing this . 
  whisky is distilled not brewed . 
  hush now south netherlands . 
  we know you have great beer . 
  its alright . 
  alice ? 
  who the fuck is alice ? 
  from the romans ? 
  iirc the irish armed forces do a truck load of peace keeping missions . 
  like a disproportionately high amount compared to the size of their forces . 
  not sure how this is relevant but i suppose it means they 're not just sat around twiddling their thumbs, 
  anyone who wants those sweet sweet deep water atlantic ports and abundant airports ? 
  congratulations , you 've ruined creamy bacon pasta for me . 
  we have the same one with english scots irish . 
  english water scots whisky irish car door, 
  i see you 've never visited scotland, 
  ultimately might is right unfortunately . 
  isreal is backed by the us . 
  the us have the biggest guns . 
  all the bits of paper in the world wo n't change that . 
  you can get pretty anywhere from london within 48 hours i guess . 
  possibly ? 
  attitudes vary a lot by location . 
  economic strata etc etc, 
  ( it 's flown , because the english language is a massive fuck you to logic ), 
  as i said to the other guy . 
  unless you want to get to cardiff/swansea or bangor then your out of luck . 
  at night cutting across on the a41 rather than going the whole hog along the a55/m56 works . 
  but a483 takes the piss . 
  that 'll be a lovely three hour drive across beautiful scenery . 
  oh , you need to get there when its not one of the 8 days of summer weather . 
  that 'll be a terrifying journey in rain and fog with sheer drops on the sides of the road then . 
  ( i get around ), 
  does n't matter . 
  youve got a horse outside, 
  so long as its with gravy we 're all good here . 
  i like to think we 're a bit less precious about that sort of thing in the uk . 
  seems a bit like the emperors new clothes to me . 
  sure try to fit in , but not to the point where you 're being something you 're not . 
  i mean , no one really likes tea and pies that much . 
  in wales no direction is easy unless you only want to go to cardiff/swansea or bangor . 
  everything else just give up . 
  pretty though !, 
  tell me about it . 
  to get to london from glasgow you have to go past several major urban conurbations , ( unless you take the m6 toll avoiding the main trouble spot ) you can sit in stationary traffic outside brum every bloody day , and they love to close random sections at night , and theres the roadworks with 50mph avg cameras and they 've dug up the whole of the jct where the m6 joins the m1 . 
  then more 50mph all down the m1 there is effectively fuck all between glasgow and cairnryan and only a few towns between belfast and dublin . 
  get stuck behind some artics on the glasgow to cairnryan road though and god help you . 
  travel time from glasgow to dublin is about 5 hours if you time the ferry right . 
  if you drive 5 hours south on a good day you 'd be about as far as birmingham according to google maps i am a little out . 
  the time difference between journeys from glasgow to dublin or london is about 5 minutes !, 
  opposite problem in the uk . 
  n/s is easy . 
  going cross country is a pain in the arse unless you live in yorkshire . 
  edit : or on the m4 or m8, 
  health and safety gone mad . 
  because short haul budget flights are grim as fuck, 
  hmm . 
  odd one and not one i 'm able to answer as i 'm not a lawyer or policeman . 
  if you were just wandering around town with one people would think you were a nutter no doubt but i 'm not sure you would be arrested until you started shouting ` burn the pakis ' or similar . 
  in fact we unfortunately do have a few right wing militant fascist groups who use their right to free speech to do just that . 
  they might not use actual nazi flags but they definitly march through town with banners etc.
