  he does a lot of them . 
  yup , and there 's a star of david flying in a place just off the m2 too ( though not sure what message theyre trying to send ), 
  it is a silly place , we do not go there . 
  some solar arrays use molten salt cores which enables them to continue into the night . 
  i am fully in favour of nuclear but it ** is not ** the definitive be all and end all solution . 
  edit : i strongly believe we need to move the level of discourse away from either/or and what ever your opponents say is mind melting stupidity , towards a proper discussion of upsides and downsides and how these can be used in a complimentary fashion . 
  nuclear for instance is great at producing a base load but turning up the wick is not an easy process . 
  solar does n't work at night but can be switched on and off in the day instantaneously with no ill effects . 
  edit2 : mirrors are made out of sand ? 
  i 'm assuming they said where the central control was based before the video started . 
  apparently its somewhere in berkshire , so snowdonia and scotland are indeed far away in this instance . 
  that 's not what i was implying . 
  i mean there a lots of different grades of fossil fuels which are required for different things . 
  for instance one of the reasons germany is moving away from coal so rapidly is because they only have really crappy brown coal . 
  lots of the us 's increased production is coming from tar sands etc which is basically bunker fuel . 
  great for running massive ships on but requires much cracking and processing to get say , av gas , so for a producer of av gas it might be cheaper to import some sweet light crude from another country . 
  its more complex that just oil coal and gas . 
  alexander stubb does n't sound like a particularly finnish name to me . 
  nah , theyre just really well acquainted with the makers of that fine grain based beverage you chaps make . 
  net importer of energy but they still export some as you probably know the uk is a net importer of dinojuice but we export quite a bit of it too . 
  everyone wants a bit of that sweet sweet brent crude action and we need to import gas . 
  its a case of finding a balance . 
  the us has gas aplenty but still.needs other kinds of fossil fuels, 
  do we have to qualify everything with free at point of use every time ? 
  hopefully between us here we 've got a few braincells to rub together to know the difference without implicitly stating it . 
  i think you can also claim a milage allowance for cycling to work too . 
  quite how that works or is administered whitehall only knows . 
  yeah , but we 're not in / r/askhistorians using a derisive tone and well , not saying please is pretty rude . 
  are you ... are you from hull ? 
  but fish were n't on the line then . 
  when it comes down to the cod . 
  [ those icelanders do n't mess around ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cod_wars ), 
  do n't mess with iceland , especially if fish might be involved . 
  coming over here , taking our graves ... 
  i 'll have you know that barrowman despite his colonial fa\u00e7ade is actual a scot . 
  fractal wrongness and dunning kruger effect are one hell of a potent combination , its just not worth the amount of life you 'd have to expend to futilely argue for no gain . 
  well done !, 
  i 'm sorry i could n't it was like smashing my head against a wall . 
  give up mate , there is no hope for this one . 
  [ these guys disagree ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6e3znzofnn8&amp;feature=kp ), 
  depends who you vote for !, 
  the danish vts were quite good but the on the day presentation was a bit cringe . 
  how ever it ca n't be easy to present in your 2nd or 3rd language to a multinational audience . 
  does anyone know what was up with all the chinese jokes ? 
  they do every year , that 's why none of the arabic/muslim nations who are eligible compete . 
  they won one year with dana international . 
  in the great british euro vision tradition he just makes pithy sarcastic comments all the way through, 
  could just be a counter tenor ? 
  quite often get roped in to sing alto bits . 
  edit : also if you learn to sing really young ( as a boy in a choir etc ) then you will be usually lumped with the sopranos , so you actually learn to sing like a woman before your voice breaks and you then learn the mens parts and voice . 
  there was some controversy one year because the french song contained * some * english, 
  surely the north of england and the midlands are the most ` nordic ' ? 
  look we even kept the [ place names ] ( http://spatial.ly/wp-content/uploads/2011/08/naming_settlements.png ) so you 'd feel at home, 
  it 's not that we 're grumpy , we prefer to think of it as a charming recalcitrance , sort of like that weird uncle that no one invites to family events but still turns up anyway and gets drunk and shouty . 
  guys ? 
  scandinavia , he 's just this guy you know ? 
  he 's a hoopy frood who knows where his towel is . 
  yep . 
  all those old british empire maps with huge swaths of red on them paint a telling picture . 
  they could schlep down to gibraltar ? 
  do n't think you 're getting away scot free . 
  unfortunately there are stupid people everywhere . 
  the catalan one was one of the ones i read too . 
  really interesting stuff , i must admit i do n't know a great deal about spanish history other than where it intersects with ours . 
  ( hello 16th to 19th centuries ) so its always good to get another perspective . 
  possibly because we do n't want to admit losing !, 
  * peeks at post * bugger, 
  i ca n't see flair from my inbox so i keep trying to guess which countries people are referring to . 
  its a fun game . 
  ( can also be played by turning off css and turning back on the check ), 
  ooooh , do n't say that to a scot !, 
  there 's no such thing as uk law . 
  scotland has its own proud noble and distinct legal system going back a rather long time . 
  i had a scan through quite a few countries and they seem to focus primarily on recent events with a bit of history thrown in . 
  said the whale to the pot of petunias, 
  well , it was afterwards ... ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ going ^ ^ to ^ ^ hell ^ ^ for ^ ^ this, 
  yes but the risk of head injury by golf ball makes it hazardous at best, 
  most of russian foreign policy through the ages can be summed up by : russia needs a warm water port, 
  thats pretty much it . 
  but fortunately/unfortunately we 're not quite at the use stage yet . 
  once you 're in you 're in basically . 
  so long as you clear immigration where you land within the shengen area you 're not likely to see any more checks as you travel round europe . 
  i was thinking more intra country . 
  once you 're here and pootling around there 's barely anything, 
  yup but they 're pretty cursory . 
  there arent any checks between uk and ireland either . 
  we do n't really have border checks within the eu, 
  why indeed !, 
  http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/green-ink_brigade the green ink brigade were basically the youtube/news website commenters of the pre internet era . 
  eg expressing completely batshit views by writing letters to the editor etc. 
  that could be said about most places . 
  especially mine . 
  difference is if the uk was in the euro it would dilute a lot of germanys sway . 
  whether thats good or bad is another matter entirely, 
  we didnt trust the french then either , and were proved right yet again when degaulle tried to shaft us at every opportunity he got, 
  i think anything france/britain related ca n't be taken seriously . 
  the countries are like two brothers . 
  very similar but fight all the time . 
  thats a point we 're well overdue another 100years war . 
  you can keep calais though .
