  thats cheaper than the bus fare here !, 
  usa minimum wage for restaurant business is much lower for some reason . 
  something in the region of $ 2 an hour . 
  where can you get a # 3.50 fare ? 
  if ever i 've got in a taxi ( rarely ) it seems to start at # 2, 
  the people of whitby have been harded by the yearly gothvasion, 
  my only real exposure to him is posts on reddit . 
  so thats probably a case of physician heal thy self . 
  i should just start reading le monde again . 
  edit : i have no personal feelings either way on him . 
  only a perception from what i have read . 
  i am asking for that perception to be changed . 
  hollande is coming across as more and more of a dick who just likes ripping into britain . 
  can any one tell me about good things he 's done so i can balance my opinion ? 
  but the person who asked was the person who posted the article , and their tag is south africa . 
  i am more inclined to treat it as a genuine question . 
  probably not at the moment with this government and economy . 
  but hopefully in a slightly more enlightened future britain can be happy in europe and europe can be happy to have britain . 
  no one has attacked the medium ... a question was asked by the op and it has been answered in a truthful and non-belligerent manner . 
  please do n't downvote questions people . 
  hmm . 
  its definitely right wing . 
  but all the uk press has a political agenda . 
  from left to right in order of political affliation mirror , guardian , independant | | | | centre | | | | times , telegraph , mail . 
  ymmv, 
  i thought it was 6th http://bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-18234930, 
  in france 's [ 6th city ] ( http://bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-18234930 ) the french are a foreign influence . 
  i remember using it at work and erm , redditing actually back when i had it and would go two full days without going below half battery . 
  i might just be having rose tinted spectacles now . 
  let me look up the stats . 
  but it even had a memory card slot and played mp3 's oh nokia , what have you done ? 
  yup i had the mighty nokia 6630 . 
  that thing had brick like durability and excellent features . 
  i even bought another one and was using it as a work phone in 2010 battery life was definitely more than a few days . 
  it was launched several years before then iphone and while not cheap was affordable to me on paper round money . 
  i miss that phone . 
  the iphone did n't have 3g or copy and paste . 
  features which had been standard for years . 
  but still firmly planted itself squarely in mass market penetration . 
  filthy neutrals . 
  i take it all back . 
  i 'm not sorry at all . 
  burnt it down , to stop napoleon getting hold of the danish fleet iirc https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_copenhagen_ ( 1807 ), 
  sorry for that , and copenhagen . 
  the eu has always changed , from being the eec to erm to schengen to the euro . 
  its a vastly different animal . 
  but only time will tell . 
  i think we should tackle eurovision before / r/europe, 
  do n't worry we 're not going anywhere . 
  the sceptics are a loud minority . 
  because defending the status quo makes you sound silly . 
  but people , especially british people love the shit out of the status quo . 
  thats why our ` radical ' right wing eurosceptic party is exactly the same under the surface as the rest of our parties . 
  career politicians . 
  big business funded and run by a former spiv . 
  that said i 'm not entirely sure how much the rest of europe wants us in the eu . 
  we just make a bloody fuss all the time . 
  nope . 
  though they 're a thing of the past now really . 
  but the gas bill . 
  ash tray etc etc jokes were all very popular here . 
  why did hitler commit suicide ? 
  he got the gas bill . 
  there are so very many . 
  more recent article says 1 us airman , a us reservist , their mate and british it consultant . 
  i love the old fiat pandas . 
  i learnt to drive in a mint green one . 
  david kellys ` suicide ', 
  careful you could have lost a few million dong there . 
  thatcherism . 
  or rather the brand or neolibralism espoused by her and reagan were certainly a contributing factor . 
  the shaky foundation on which the ridiculous house of cards was built . 
  i thought it might be something do with that . 
  but wondered if it was joke like belgium not being a real country . 
  edit : sorry belgium, 
  is this some sort of dutch joke i do n't understand ? 
  to my external shame that 's exactly it . 
  i sort of thought gelderland was made up till now . 
  here 's some info . 
  basically no one knows and the definition of london is incredibly woolly . 
  i think in revenge for so many british people buying holiday homes half the population of france has moved to london . 
  although that 'd make me dislike the uk tbh ... 
  fox hunting is silly and the ban is silly . 
  meat is a luxury to be enjoyed not squandered . 
  my 2p !, 
  being vegetarian is n't really the way to go to achieve that is it ? 
  might need to reassess . 
  how ever they are both extremely autocratic and the uae was built with slave labour . 
  japan might be a better example for its faults . 
  [ i like this photo ] ( http://www.oldmagazinearticles.com/image_files/what_queen_elizabeth_ii_did_during_ww2_600.jpg ), 
  but the celtics came from europe ? . 
  inb4 the celtic culture was a spread of ideas and tools rather than peoples . 
  up the beakers !, 
  well they did n't want to share their toys with the eurofighter lot , so have to resort to something . 
  its always outnumbered , but never outgunned, 
  is it the campy stuff that is so loud ? 
  it would get on my nerves , and contravenes the [ pursuit of silence ] ( http://www.velominati.com/la-vie-velominatus/la-vie-velominatus-part-ii-in-pursuit-of-silence/ ), 
  same volume but beer rather than vodka . 
  just go somewhere with an erasmus university like everyone else . 
  coming over ` ere , creating jobs , paying taxes .
