thats brilliant . 
  maybe the gibraltars should start training attack apes in defense, 
  well if it distracts them from that little rock at the bottom then maybe we should start harbouring more members of eta comes to something when criminals are going from spain the the uk . 
  it 's like the 70 's in reverse !, 
  will there still be tea ? 
  i 'm afraid i ca n't be a collaborator if there 's not going to be tea, 
  but the rest would be dooooomed , doooooooomed . 
  the uk standing up for human rights ? 
  what is this weird parallel universe ? 
  we could do with some nordic style regimen change , bring it on . 
  that 's to do with our terrible terrible water infrastructure and lack of national water network , and population pressure on the south east . 
  thankfully we had a few incredibly wet years so the pressure is off for a few years . 
  last i heard there was a red under every bed , ca n't be too careful out there . 
  ( i think this was just mccarthy though ), 
  i think it was more the culture of turning neighbour against neighbour rather than top down government spying, 
  is there a flag involved ? 
  if people take it seriously in norn iron i bet there is a flag . 
  it started with a small science mission in search of space tea ... 
  french have been at it for weeks though . 
  also they 're not scared of boots on the ground . 
  in one of the last isis statements france was specifically singled out above all other nations as their worst enemy . 
  they must be doing something right . 
  bishops itchington is in warks . 
  your comment is built on a pillar of lies good sir . 
  fake tan . 
  so much fake tan . 
  ah no , ca n't go around directly stating superiority . 
  you just have to hint at it . 
  he 's right though , there is this weird trend towards orangeness . 
  i would like it to go away now . 
  ` this would not have happened in germany ' personal favourite german quote . 
  blitzkrieg is so much easier when you can jdam any defensive position . 
  its almost like we 've played this game before ... 
  hamas still rocket israel ? 
  nk shells korea on occasion . 
  india and pakistan have near constant border skirmishes . 
  fifa also set up their own extra jurisdictional courts in sa to deal with crime , and were n't too picky about due process either ... that kind of stuff would just not fly in the uk one bit . 
  geocities ? 
  there 's still time, 
  that 's because the state owned ecm is pretty good and south west trains are erm . 
  well no comment . 
  brave new world is just as bad . 
  instead of a dictorial power we 're pretty much brain washing ourselves . 
  yeah , but they 're german , so they misbehaved for a few decades . 
  this is sweden we 're talking about here . 
  you mean like erm , the russians , who initially agreed to look the other way in return for some juicy poland ? 
  or america ? 
  might want to have a quick look at what kodak , ford , ibm and coca cola were up to ? 
  or the uk where the bank of england helped launder nazi gold . 
  the world is not black and white . 
  i believe at the time the french had a similar if not greater amount of man power than germany at the outbreak of ww2 . 
  to the point where churchill is quoted as saying ` thank god for the french army ' what they also had was obsolete planes , ineffective doctrine and not enough tanks . 
  i never believed my geography teacher when he said that [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lincoln_cliff ) was the biggest geographical feature between where we lived and moscow . 
  good to know !, 
  it was the welsh that did it . 
  the englishman was the surveyor . 
  that was a : not what happened b : a very long time ago british history in ireland is fucking shitty enough without making stuff up . 
  i use that too , and i do n't think you can on the app without fighting android tooth and nail ` just onceing ' you way to the normal reddit page on your browser . 
  depending on what app your using is possible . 
  but the clue is pretty much in the name for you !, 
  pfft , half of it is british really . 
  the chunnel , milau and msm . 
  mate you 're not in / r/atheism now , just stick to god bothers . 
  paddys wigwam is pretty cool, 
  its got our flag on , thats normally how these things work right ? 
  the largest place i 've ever seen was this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/raf_cardington#mediaviewer/file:cardington_with_shed.jpg two buildings 247m x 84m x55m in size . 
  thats just some blimp hangers . 
  that palace is insane . 
  best get growing asparagus !, 
  turns out the gto is not a fancy lotus 7 , its an all new creation . 
  but it looks like their previous models , which were fancy lotus 7 's similar to westfield and caterham in the uk, 
  a fancy lotus 7 ? 
  is n't there a factory churning out mistubishi colts there too ? 
  i think my first car a volvo 480 was made there too . 
  what about [ this ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/carver_%28automobile%29#mediaviewer/file:carver_one_06011701.jpg ), 
  well the dutch guy could be driving one of [ these ? 
  it 's from a film called ' a town called panic ' it 's a belgian film by the people who made the cravendale adverts . 
  its incredibly strange , but amazing . 
  if only you were french . 
  and a [ small plastic model ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_pdgarg-p8 ), 
  this strikes me as a similar arguement to the union jack/union flag argument . 
  in the end its just bloody minded semantics ... 
  cheese is pretty awesome . 
  i mean france italy and spain have got some excellent offerings but stilton is king, 
  is there an / r/askgermany ? 
  have a quick look at / r/unitedkingdom and / r/askuk its far from perfect but it seems to work, 
  can we just step back for sec . 
  there are perfectly good roads for invading azerbaijan, 
  thats not how canals work . 
  if you blow up the lock you end up with [ this . 
  ] ( http://www.penninewaterways.co.uk/images/ma06866.jpg ), 
  i know what you mean , the reason people like bobby sands are thought of highly is because of exactly this . 
  removal of scs and terrible handling of various protests means that many of these really rather unpleasant people are now martyrs . 
  you 're exactly right and its a dangerous definition because it moves people from being enemy combatants protected by the geneva convention to being insurgents or terrorists . 
  who have few to no rights . 
  do n't think they are terrorists . 
  they do n't seem to be using methods of terror . 
  they are just the other combatants in a civil war, 
  its a satirical cartoon .
