  upvoting for creating a discussion . 
  even though are horrifically wrong in every way shape and form . 
  all depends what you 're used to . 
  35 in spain might be normal , but for me i would collapse in a heat induced coma, 
  aaah , okay , why is it in the uk if its two german teams ? 
  is thats normally where the final for this competition is held or does it rotate ? 
  as you may have gathered i know sweet fuck all about football, 
  i see , where 's the match ? 
  nope , who 's playing ? 
  thats the problem with being on the coast . 
  there 's a whole continents worth of junk in them . 
  china doesnt really have any abilty to project military power but it 's still widely slated to be the next hegemonic power ... 
  have n't ireland been deliberately trying not to win ? 
  you ca n't tell me dustin the turkey was a serious entry ? 
  we call them that in english too , but specifically referring to the tiny ones . 
  but the icelanders are our historic fish pilfering enemies ... great animosity exists beween wombletopia and those herring herders . 
  i picked denmark , because of bacon and sandy tosvig , you ca n't really choose any more seriously than that . 
  i picked denmark , because bacon , and sandy toksvig, 
  me too , i initially selected about 7 , there is no `` best nation '' all are different for different reasons . 
  i think its just precipitated by the heightened sense of doom and worry at the moment . 
  anyone know whats occurring ? 
  gas explosion ? 
  misguided us retaliation for boston ? 
  rose tinted maybe ? 
  why are you asking someone to prove an assertion that they never made ? 
  op many people from spain are coming to the uk to work . 
  not all or most . 
  stop being a pedant, 
  we have nature reserves too , the ones that i know of tend to be quite small though . 
  ( attenborough in nottingham and the lincolnshire coastal ones ), 
  also dude , i 'm not arguing for the argentine pov , i 'm british . 
  i 'm just trying to show there is another pov . 
  edit for more : when it comes to rights and wrongs like murder , robbery , gravity and evolution . 
  there are obvious absolutes . 
  but when it comes to war and sovereignty things become very woolly , especially in the modern era of regimen change and terrorism . 
  of course not . 
  i hear watch making is going pretty well too ... switzerland has been able to maintain is neutrality because of the reasons mentioned though , also it is the gold ( har har ) standard to which other bankster islands/countries aspire . 
  obviously much has changed in recent years with the reforms that have been creeping in . 
  the original comment was not intended to insult , many things about switzerland are admirable like direct democracy . 
  it was more a reminder that not every country can be as isolated . 
  i know its a ludicrous argument . 
  its not my argument . 
  but its all too easy to say what is right amd wrong when there are no such absolutes . 
  what is right is merely what the most people deem acceptable . 
  right and wrong depends on people and peolle have different views, 
  truth for a given value of true . 
  it was over simplified . 
  but it was meant to be an argument from the argentine pov rather than a realistic model of whats happened . 
  then mon amis , you need one of [ these ] ( http://www.google.co.uk/search?q=guide.horse&amp;safe=off&amp;client=ms-android-hms-vf-gb&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ei=qxzqueq4iutt0qxz04hybq&amp;ved=0cagq_auoaq&amp;biw=360&amp;bih=567&amp;sei=v3zquz-boku00qwdmycwdg ) in your life . 
  i can hear the skitter of hooves on tiled floor already and its beautiful . 
  i know , but thats not how the argentinians see it , or how the spanish see gibraltar or how the morrocans see all the spanish holdings in north africa . 
  well , more accurately how certain members of the argentine government see it . 
  it 's easy to say its a straight forward case . 
  but things are only straightforward when both parties agree . 
  why because you too can live fat off the proceeds of war and corruption in your mountain strong hold ? 
  so if the us were to annex all the european holdings in the caribbean . 
  that 'd be fine because might is right ? 
  argh , its more complex than that unfortunately . 
  from argentinas pov , the people are decendents of british colonisers who unjustly took the land that they think belongs to them . 
  so of course the islanders want be british because they 're originally british and why would that change ? 
  it 'd be like china landing on the moon and claiming it is now chinese . 
  yes the people who live there are obviously going to want to be chinese , because erm , they 're chinese !, 
  but the moon has still been unjustly occupied and the international community would very much want it back as it were . 
  from my pov the various claims of ownership are all fairly shakey , but the people who live there have been there for quite some time now and obviously didnt appreciate argentine rule 30 years ago and do n't want it now either , its wrong to impose sovereignty on people who do n't want it . 
  there is a wiki page for it , though i 'd love to claim it as my own !, 
  as in , a novelty account from a land of opposites . 
  which this is obviously not , but i fear any sort of direct rebuttal would end up getting into a pointless argument with a possesor of fractal wrongness . 
  this is one of the best examples of an opposite land novelty i 've ever seen !, 
  there is probably the fundamental difference . 
  in the uk nightlife * is * mostly drinking . 
  we are a bit of a worst case scenario for that here but its broadly similar across northern europe . 
  i 'm not sure i get your point about drivers being rich ? 
  maybe in urban areas where parking is expenisve and public transport common place . 
  but those of us out in the sticks car ownership is high . 
  ( i am considered pretty unusual for being able to drive but not having a car where i work and thats on a very low wage ), 
  drink driving is more * socially accepted * in the us whereas its incredibly frowned upon in most of europe . 
  * ( for a given value of more and accepted ), 
  they were the way of the future in the 50s and to be fairish to beeching the reduced rail services were meant to be replaced by bus services . 
  they werent . 
  i love trains . 
  damn you beeching , damn you . 
  vice versa here , an undergraduate would do a dissertation and a doctoral candidate would do a thesis . 
  no , but it seems to be cow lactose that people have issues with . 
  sheeps milk contains more lactose than cows . 
  we had our opportunity to change that and fucked it up royally . 
  i would love to see a venn diagram of av supporters and ukip supporters . 
  and it owns a fairly hefty chunk of cyprus too . 
  the more you know . 
  cornish is on there and the language is dead !, 
  in hk no one seems to want to eat cheese unless it is cooked . 
  the horror . 
  my so is lactose intolerant but cheese is her one true love . 
  poor soul . 
  definitely , as an englisher its all very convenient being able to communicate with everyone . 
  but there a few problems with that , it means english people become dire at learning other languages which is still a necessary skill , how can you be expected to understand people if you dont understand their language ? 
  it puts you at a distinct disadvantage if everything you say can be understood but everything they say comes through a filter . 
  does that make sense ? 
  i see . 
  i 've never undertaken a short taxi ride . 
  though i can see the appeal .
