  beautiful but will fall apart in abooout ... too late, 
  probably breaks the rules by being famous . 
  but the song of the volga riverboatmen is fantastic, 
  ours is a bit violent and strange too . 
  there is a verse about subjugating scotland, 
  drizzle in the south ? 
  national news !, 
  lets get some trident up in this !, 
  ( it will finally have a use ), 
  as a friend of mine used to say `` this would not have happened in germany '', 
  english but i am pretty good at haggis catching , the secret is to make them run round the hill in the right direction . 
  edit : oh just realised that was a independence related statement . 
  i would like to see a continuation of the union , but if not i 'd like to see a complete devolution of the uk and individual federal states being set up . 
  it would be easier to have closer ties with europe that way . 
  ( i 'm not saying its a clever idea but it makes sense to me , sort of ), 
  oh i 'm sure . 
  but that 's just like my opinion man . 
  but most people are in favour of renationalisation of utilities and services . 
  i 'm pretty in favour of no longer being shafted on the cost of living if higher taxation is the price to pay then so be it . 
  ( whole sale electoral reform would be necessary too ), 
  i put the uk, 
  so long as i enjoyed my job and had safety and security then why not ? 
  most of my salary goes on living expenses anyway , what would the difference be ? 
  edit : frankly i 'd rather pay taxes through the nose that might benefit others than pay rent through the nose which only benefits lettings agents, 
  i for one take great issue with the portrayal of the ancient and noble british people being portrayed and complainers . 
  its such a continental attitude to take , no wonder we hold such disdainful attitudes towards europe . 
  i for one shall be writing a strongly worded letter to the telegraph in green ink no less, 
  high taxes are absolutely fine so long as they 're being spent properly . 
  high taxation on the rich even better . 
  you 're a lucky person http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ob6dn5dywo, 
  they take fork lift safety very seriously, 
  we 're definitely not in the uk and we have a thriving and popular domestic car industry to show for it . 
  erm . 
  hang on we 're not in the 60s anymore are we ? 
  as someone living in paris you should know that france is wholesome natural and replete with terrior . 
  not some neuveau artificial construct, 
  most likely . 
  this is the country that doesnt even allow washing lines in many places, 
  oh no , i was getting mixed up with all the tea in china , bait and switch for that sweet sweet opium, 
  if i knew the answer to that i would be a greatly revered historian . 
  its one of those things that no one really knows . 
  but there has been genetic testing of various celtic populations which shows that there is no common ancestry or `` home '' of the celts . 
  it has something to do with the dramatic rise in population around 700bc due to new agricultural practises which meant more money and more trade which spread the culture around . 
  thats what i think anyway . 
  i could well be completely wrong !, 
  interestingly there was n't such a thing as a celtic invasion , it was more a cultural change and adoption of new practises rather than a movement of people . 
  i believe there might be an / r/dirndls yup , purple, 
  been there done that , yes the empire was brilliant and glorious and occasionally pretty horrific etc etc. 
  it just does n't fit in the 21st century . 
  theres no room in this world for the likes of cecil rhodes et al, 
  because it tastes like a science experiment gone wrong !, 
  american chocolate is dire , but at least its not liquorice that tastes like a chemistry lab . 
  seriously , what is with that stuff ? 
  if you average out the times , guardian and indy you end up with a fairly reasonable paper . 
  why though ? 
  edit : seriously , why ... 
  just a heads up , all the mobile networks will have to abolish european roaming charges by next year . 
  really ? 
  even the gas bill one ? 
  there is no legal requirement to do so . 
  most people have the plastic part of their drivers licence with them though . 
  there is a small difference in scale though . 
  estonia has fewer people than manchester . 
  still amazing though . 
  lots and lots and lots and lots of trig measurements . 
  pretty good info on some of the first really accurate maps [ here ] ( http://www.ordnancesurvey.co.uk/oswebsite/docs/ebooks/a-history-of-the-ordnance-survey/index.html ), 
  clunge, 
  weasel and badger work too . 
  part of the joy is creating compound swear words adding nuggets onto everything works well . 
  is estonia the country with the amazing intergrated it and id system ? 
  it is confusing cause you 've not got that quite right . 
  would be .45 * 4.4 = # 1.98, 
  `` 45p a mb for the first 4.4 mb . 
  then no further charge until 25mb '' oh vodafone , you so crazy . 
  yes , that will in july 2014 , i think there 's been a plan to get rid of them for quite some time , but everytime they change it makes the news again . 
  [ linky ] ( http://www.wired.co.uk/news/archive/2013-06/15/roaming-charges-die ), 
  we 're both disgusted and secretly pleased we can actually do something well for once . 
  i think the term you want is man hole covers . 
  though sewer doors definitely works !, 
  because they fought a greater evil and were treated incredibly badly for the priviledge, 
  they 're finally being forgiven ? 
  thats good news . 
  do they have kangaroo 's there too ? 
  well for the australian it might , this only affects euro carriers edit : i ca n't read ... 
  thats a pretty good deal !, 
  vodafone ( uk ) is # 0.58 per mb, 
  i really enjoyed this read . 
  its interesting to see how communications evolved in the pre electric era . 
  the norn iron accent sounds more harsh and monotone than most roi ones ( i wo n't pretend i know what they all sound like ) but i like it all the same . 
  but seriously . 
  why so many bank notes ? 
  this is amazing , as someone who works for a telecoms conpany this will make life so much better, 
  wikipedia list of longest suspension bridges and picking out the european ones . 
  if you every come to the uk they are everywhere . 
  there are 3 in my local city . 
  more importantly they are delicious, 
  its a ` portuguese ' peri peri chain restaurant, 
  1 , great belt bridge 2 , hoga kusten 3 , humber 4 , 25 de abril 5 , forth road bridge 6 , severn bridge, 
  most our swedish jokes would be about abba and ikea , we 're out of the loop here in the uk . 
  there are gay sweden jokes ?
