  no comment . 
  matteo renzi ( pd ) , italy 's constitutional referendum , november 2016 . 
  the non-voted prime minister ( he does n't even belong to the two chambers ) one day came out a hell of a constitutional reform that would have made erdogan and hitler proud . 
  his reform was rejected 60 % to 40 % and he had to resign . 
  what is he now ? 
  ruling the country like a puppet master and planning a comeback . 
  this time with regular elections , it seems . 
  vote intentions are against him , it seems . 
  natural born casanovas ... ok best pizza in the world ... a'ight most beautiful art cities in the world ... agree best football defense in the world ... 
  so true ** fettuccine alfredo ... 
  wtf !!??? 
  they already do n't count much , so i guess they would still be there with their symbolic powers attached . 
  tipping and wandering into a grocery store without having a clue of the sum you are going to pay because all prices are vat excluded are all-american things . 
  one !? 
  our greatest directors alone are easily more than ten !!!, 
  me too , as long as eu citizens can go to the us without the esta . 
  i do n't understand why another country would like to join us in the first place . 
  wrong time to be alive . 
  however i would accept any country which is richer than italy , and i 'll leave you to guess why . 
  true . 
  we keep using that even if ` giovanni russo ' has become a more popular combination . 
  it 's being european at convenience the thing that really makes me upset . 
  and this includes many fellow europeans as well . 
  usually i prefer english . 
  but sometimes i find that certain games - like skyrim or fallout - have way too many words to be fully understood and enjoyed in their original language . 
  my bad , what i meant by ` confederation ' was the prussian state at its smallest political entities . 
  at one point the holy roman empire included even southern italy ... where i 'm from !, 
  lol also , every big empire is divided into regions , all very different from one another ... that is why hre ca n't be considered a prototype of the modern germany . 
  or maybe it could , because - as i said before - modern germany does n't look homogeneous at all . 
   who the fuck needs a `` unified '' national identity ? 
  there has never been one . 
  would n't make sense in a federal system like germany or the eu anyway . 
  fair thing , but it makes sense when you are talking about a legend that should involve all of the germans . 
  i would n't dare to name a legend common to all of the italians because , before the romans , the peninsula was already inhabited or colonizes by advanced cultures , all very different and equally praise-worthy . 
  by ` spontaneous ' i meant nations like the frenchmen and the englishmen , i.e. 
  populations that shared centuries of common past , a common language , and one clear capital city ... 
  i do n't know ... 
  i fail to see the connection , since historically i recall german peoples to be disjointed , more often than not . 
  germans were divided in tribes well before hermann , and stayed like that for centuries after him . 
  plus , while the teutoburg forest massacre blocked the roman expansion , it did n't set southern germany entirely free from roman occupation and cultural influence . 
  my vague school memories remind me that neither the holy roman empire nor the prussian confederation contributed to the creation of a unified german national identity that involved all of the people that today are called germans . 
  probably - and i speak as an unbiased foreign observer here - it was the nazi era the one that contrubuted the most to homogeneize the different cultures and regional identities coexisting under the recent german state . 
  the process was not that different from what happened to italy ( which was divided and invaded for centuries ) , with the exception that italians had been united as a whole also in the roman era . 
  in fact , both mussolini and hitler underlined the ancient , glorious past of the respective peoples as a major national propaganda trait . 
  for example i recall hitler 's references to hermann and the holy roman empire ...  but then germany was politically divided again after wwii , and i think that some cultural signs of that dramatic separation live on still today . 
  and even the south is not very similar to the north , from what i 've heard . 
  that is why i never saw the germans as a real , spontaneous nation with a common history and a common past . 
  italy is so ancient and it was inhabited by so many populations well before the romans , that it would be impossible to tell . 
  hey , that 's not a legend !, 
  i would say `` signor '' and `` signora/signorina '' , but italians are very touchy about their titles . 
  in fact , as soon as you get a college degree , you 're worthy of being called * dottor * or * dottoressa * . 
  and everyone with a degree will often underline that . 
  ( i added that because college degrees are so common nowadays ... ), 
  it 's called * la grande guerra * ( i.e. 
  * the great war * ) , but nobody ever speaks about it . 
  maybe it 's because the current balance of powers in the world depend on the outcome of wwii , and those in charge are unwilling to make people forget or resent the reasons by which they are in charge . 
  even at school , it 's wwii the one that got most of the attention . 
  luckily for me , i know how different the two wold conflicts were . 
  and how strictly related as well . 
  i only know that indians are too diverse to tell . 
  way too many cultures , languages and religions co-exist within the indian state , to have a precise view about them . 
  i like satyajit ray 's films , though . 
  i have always been an enthusiast of the latin language , but i only realised that romanian was a romance language when i listened to a few people speaking it . 
  i could get many words , or even sentences . 
  apple and samsung . 
  huawei and its sub-brand honor are on the rise , though . 
  italian ( mother-tongue ) , english ( excellent written/spoken ) , spanish ( basic ) , latin ( quite good ) . 
  formula 1, 
  actually i would look harshly at those americans who believe that they 're top-class world citizens , as if they did n't descend genetically or culturally from the other continents . 
  / r/shitamericanssay has a beautiful collection of that stuff . 
  i respect trieste . 
  bach 's * partitas * . 
  better if played on a harpsichord . 
  ( in your face , americans !, 
  lol ), 
  in addition to that , they are often welfare parasites . 
  but lately they are even being overtaken by the illegal immigrants on that front . 
  though i can assure you that nor the roms nor the illegal immigrants are being treated with racial discrimination at all . 
  they are pampered by the government and peacefully tolerated by the citizens , i would say . 
  i hate the degree of corruption , clientelism , selfishness , greed , connivance and and barbarism of my fellow countrymen . 
  such traits , of course , are all products of the worst trait of them all : an unbelievably high level of ignorance . 
  and i 'm not talking about professional incompetence , etc. 
  what i really mean is that there 's a worrying , widespread lack of basic education and civic-mindedness , which eventually turned this nation into an authentic shithole . 
  no , we do n't raise the eu flag . 
  ( with all the due respect for the real austrians . ), 
  right , especially considering that this statement from the op is not entirely true :  christmas is a christian holiday that is a big part of european culture if most of the western countries celebrate christmas nowadays , it is because of the ancient romans and the cult of the [ sol invictus ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sol_invictus ) ( lit . 
  = `` undefeated sun '' ) , whose birthday happened around the end of december . 
  actually it is one of the best recycled pagan holidays , an admirable flash of genius from the early church fathers . 
  as a matter of fact , the latin formula to indicate the birthday of the sol invictus is '' * dies natalis solis invicti * '' , and to this day the italian word for christmas is still '' * natale * '' , which otherwise it is an unused , archaic adjective . 
  plus , the fact that in italy we do n't specify whose * natale * it is , it should ring an alarm bell . 
  a similar thing happens for the easter , which we call '' * pasqua * '' ( another unicum in the whole italian language ) : in the pagan days of the roman empire the word was an acronym for '' * pas ( sio ) - qui ( rini ) * '' ( = `` the passion of the god quirinus / king romulus deified '' ) . 
  but this is another story , there 's also a heavy bit of mithraic religion and other oriental cults mixed in that matter . 
  so , i like to celebrate christmas as an ancient tradition of my peninsula . 
  i really enjoy it , but i do n't see anything christian in it . 
  and i 'm not pagan either , beware !, 
  catchy songs . 
  lots of surgery . 
  unless you want to spend three days and three nights staring at the duomo . 
  putin . 
  the world 's most powerful man , and arguably the only skilled politician of the past decade .
