rome and milan for sure . 
  it depends on the evenings , actually . 
  though in italy , which is one of the strongest supporters of * dubbing * , we are starting to witness some theaters proposing subtitled films in addition to the dubbed ones . 
  at least in the major cities ... 
   the people ( or * laggente * , it 's the same ) whoa , i did n't see this at first . 
  in democratic countries people are called * citizens * . 
  and no , it 's not the same thing , by all means . 
  words like * popolo * have been used in recent times by the likes of berlusconi . 
  and such expressions can be very dangerous to use , because they ( willingly ? ), 
  play down the importance of the citizens in the democratic process . 
  * la gente * would be offensive to say the least , because of the uncountable nature of the word and shapeless , indistinct image that it recalls . 
  it is not a case if none of these simplicistic words are to be found in the italian constitution . 
  but of course these linguistic differences are difficult to understand for a foreign speaker . 
  i did n't mention a duty , but a custom ( '' * prassi * '' ) . 
  many political procedures happen according to customs , in italy . 
  and i repeat : if the president ignores what the citizens express with their vote , he may be respecting the constitution , but he 's doing something typical of someone who has the absolute power ( king , emperor , dictator ... ) . 
  renzi 's sudden rise to power happened of course before his appointment , but after the elections . 
  and - as i mentioned - the elections saw bersani win both the primaries and the elections . 
  again , i do n't see why a person who did n't belong to the parliament and that was vetoed by the citizens was appointed as a prime minister . 
  in the early days of the imperial rome things like these would have been settled very easily , because at least the army would have had its say on the matter . 
  but we civilised italians of these days should be thankful to renzi for his slip above the referendum , i guess . 
  thankfully he wo n't last for long . 
  and napolitano as well . 
  very clear , except for the president of the republic is elected by the parliament , whom is elected by the people . 
  without elections , there would be no parliament . 
  and without a parliament that represents the will of the citizens , the president of the republic could n't possibly appoint anyone as a prime minister . 
  it is a very intricate and delicate matter , but it is very important to understand who is appointed by whom . 
  with the current system every elected politician represents the will of the citizens , and not his own will . 
  otherwise it would n't be a democracy , but it would be an oligarchy - or worse , a presidential dictatorship . 
  so , even if it 's true that people ca n't vote the exact person who they want as a prime minister , they have a say on the coalition they stand for . 
  and since every coalition is led by a leader during the campaign and for the rest of the elections , by custom the president of the republic will appoint as prime minister the leader of the elected coalition . 
  what has been going on in the past few years may well be within the boundaries of the consitution , but it does n't seem to respect the spirit of such constitution - which was notably written by the leftist forces at the end of the wwii to prevent any other form of dictatorship to take place , after the fascist experience . 
  edit : also , let 's not forget that matteo renzi had lost the pd primaries to pierlugi bersani right before the last elections . 
  so his appointment is still something out of this world , and that needs further explanation from the former president of the republic , giorgio napolitano . 
  you seem to know a lot about italian politics , to be someone who says '' ** you ** do n't elect the pm '' . 
  tell me , who does elect the pm in italy ? 
  first we had silvio berlusconi ( elected by the people , believe it or not ) . 
  then mario monti was named ` technical ' prime minister by the president of the republic ( giorgio napolitano ) because of the sudden economic crisis that resulted in the btp-bund spread going above 500 points . 
  he went on to rule for a year to substitute silvio berlusconi . 
  then there were the new elections : pierluigi bersani was elected by the people , but he lasted for about a month or so , because `` he did n't have the numbers and the general consensus to rule '' . 
  so he was substituted by enrico letta , of the same party ( pd ) , who went on to rule for a few months , eventually falling again because of a sudden lack of majority . 
  subsequently , matteo renzi was named pm by the president of the republic ( always giorgio napoletano ) without even being a member of the parliament ( he was mayor of florence at the time ) . 
  he was chosen because he had won the pd primaries ( with 1 million votes ) . 
  now , that joke from florence proposed a constitutional reform worthy of a dictatorship , and - luckily for us - he was idiot enough to say that if the people vote against the reform , he will resign . 
  the referendum on the reform will be voted on december 4th , and this marks the second time in 8 years ( and 5 different governments ) that italian people will be able to have a say on their prime minister . 
  that , of course , will be if matteo renzi is a man of honour , which i doubt . 
  they have been without a govt for 300 days ? 
  we were n't allowed to choose our prime minister for the past 6 years !, 
  welcome to eu of 2016 !, 
  of course . 
  not even a bit of interest ? 
  as if ruining a person 's health is considered a more difficult task to accomplish ... 
  ` eu money ' is eu countries ' money . 
  they just took back what they paid . 
  so spoke the dictator with a moustache . 
  happy birthday to the part-time european neighbours . 
  [ striking resemblance . 
  england and germany ... 
  wtf !!!, 
  if i 'm not mistaken congo was his `` personal colony '' . 
  i guess it depends on the standards of the guy who wrote the article on wikipedia . 
  for starters the maison carre\u00e9 is n't coloured anymore because the paint vanished , just like it happened to the majority of the ` perfectly preserved ' temples ... that said , it 's a remarkable building . 
  i do n't understand italy 's hint ... 
  now i see why kimi raikkonen is always silent . 
  violence : generally not very accepted , and it remained like that . 
  the reasons - in my opinion - are to be found in our moral , which is heavily founded on the ancient spiritual philosophies and the christian religion , both of which are against any form of pain . 
  most of the unusually-violent content that is shown here is either american , scandinavian or asian-made . 
  such content ( movies and tv series ) may be slowly driving our culture into the general direction . 
  for what concerns erotism , the highest tolerance towards nudity was probably recorded in 1970-1990 and 2000-2007 . 
  in 1970-1990 , two decades of economic growth in italy , erotism was ever-present : countless soft-porn movies were made every year , unnumbered calendars and magazines with naked girls came out , and the rising legends of pornography contributed to make porn a mainstream thing ( above all : eva henger , moana pozzi , rocco siffredi and ilona staller / `` cicciolina '' - the latter went on to become a member of the parliament ) . 
  the second stint casually ( ? ), 
  coincided with berlusconi 's longest stint as a prime minister ( 2001-2005 ) . 
  in this short era of wealth and uncontrolled expenses , there was a new genre of soft-porn comedies , almost-naked showgirls on tv , and an increase of erotic calendars . 
  the great recession of 2008 seems to have shut everything down . 
  rappers from milan or foreigners are the ones who wear caps , here . 
  in naples and its surroundings they would n't even wear crash helmets on motorbikes , because ` they ruin the haircut ' / ` they make you difficult to identify ' . 
  if you 're either rich or a natural casanova , they do n't . 
  you wealthy geeks . 
  glass of wine/beer on special occasions at home : 15 drinking more often / with friends : 17-18 to this day i like to drink a glass of good wine/beer/whisky from once in a while , but i have never made an habit of it . 
  restaurants are quite affordable , except in heavily touristic venues ( rome , tuscany , venice , amalfi coast , riviera ) and in northern regions in general . 
  food at the grocery store is affordable everywhere . 
  actually yes . 
  we use the latin alphabet , and in addition to ` v ' we have the ` u ' ( which the romans did n't have ) . 
  while it 's true that the romans often allowed conquered people to keep the strongest traits and traditions of the respective culture , the portraits of fayyum , the remains of leptis magna , and the written works of apuleius and saint augustine tell a completely different story from the one you have described . 
  northern africa was roman for centuries , for that matter . 
  lesbos is greek and european for cultural reasons first , and political reasons second . 
  maybe i 'm wrong , but i seriously doubt that middle eastern people know who sappho was . 
  meanwhile i 've only heard of cyprus because of shakespeare 's * othello * . 
  except for the venetians , maybe , nobody in europe feels related to cyprus in any way . 
  if i had to choose . 
  anyone is better than the nazis of the 21 ^ st century . 
  cyprus ai n't greece and it never was , historically . 
  it was conquered by alexander the great and ruled by him just for a decade , and that 's all . 
  i 'd rather welcome the palestinians . 
  the one with elizabeth the sec ... 
  wait , no . 
  we recently had one in his 40s and he did just the same as his worst predecessors . 
  they 'd rather occupy europe . 
  cut the fascist bullshit . 
  renzi was mayor of florence when the latest parliamentary elections were held .
