some chair warrior in washington must have thought it would be a great idea to have country without army in middle east . 
  is that a serious comment or are you really that clueless ? 
  the u.s. armed and trained the iraqi military to the cost of billions upon billions of dollars , it 's not america 's fault that they were so poorly disciplined and motivated that they just gave up vast military bases/stockpiles and towns to an armed group they literally outnumbered more than 10/1 . 
  nailed it . 
  first of all , what 's the ue ? 
  second of all , if a nato member was attacked , and was n't defended by other nato members , then nato would more or less collapse overnight . 
  nato is a more or less a pact among a series of countries to defend each other against an external threat , it 's a deterrent . 
  if a country is attacked and not defended , then nato loses the deterrent and it becomes an irrelevant organisation with no influence . 
  if you genuinely believe that nato would n't deploy troops to aid another nato member country that was attacked i think you 're highly naive , and/or ignorant . 
  cheers mate , bookmarked it . 
  i 'll definitely give it a watch . 
  if all positions are filled then there should be no economic migrants accepted , as even if they wished to work they 'd be unable to and they 'd simply be on welfare and thus an economic drain on the country . 
  in your second situation , where economic migrants decline work because they feel they 're above it , then they should be denied unemployment benefit . 
  frankly , i do n't think any migrant should be automatically entitled to unemployment benefit . 
  that 's a pot of money that millions of britons , dutch , french , german ( which ever nation we 're talking of ) have paid into via taxes throughout their working lives , and it 's designed to act as a safety net should they or their children fall on hard times . 
  not for an economic migrant to turn up and just lay claim to that by virtue of arriving in the country . 
  thankfully our government is tightening that up now , and an economic migrant will no longer be immediately entitled to unemployment benefit when they arrive in the country . 
  it 's an absolute joke that it was that way for so long . 
  is this a joke ? 
  please tell me this is parody . 
  if a large proportion of non eu migrants just claim unemployment benefit , and do n't work , for however many months/years - then they 're not a net benefit to the country , they 're an economic as well as a social burden . 
  good point that , putin fears the democratic progress of a neighbouring country , which could inspire russians to demand such things in russia . 
  also said neighbouring country falling out of russia 's sphere of influence and further into western europe 's . 
  this is where the notions of ` big bad west ' are convenient as it instills a siege mentality and russians close ranks around a strong figurehead like putin , and he comfortably maintains his position as head of state . 
  if he was n't worried about nato , why invade ukraine ? 
  nato is n't going to invade but he does n't want their influence close to russia 's borders . 
  i think the eu aspect certainly played a part though , worried ukraine would be free of being russia 's puppet state and buffer zone from the eu , and nato . 
   it 's not possible for syrians , eritreans , libyans , sudanese , ivorians , nigerians , somali 's , yemenites , pakistani 's , indians , afghans , iraqi 's , etc. 
  to flee for war many of those countries have no active war going on at present , if your definition of a refugee is simply someone who lives in a third world/developing country and they should be catered to for refuge in the eu , then you 're literally advocating the resettlement of billions of people . 
  i realise this probably was n't your intention , but i think it 's an important point to make . 
  does putin really care ? 
  his real concern is nato , surely ? 
   the notion of absolute safety is part of what created this `` terrorism ! '', 
  shitfest to begin with . 
  absolute safety can not exist . 
  deal with it . 
  that 's your full quote . 
  an increased likelihood of terrorist attacks as a result of this enormous influx of people , many of whom can not be indentified , from a region in which that particular ideology is most prevalent ? 
  absolutely . 
  but please continue with your strawman attacks and incoherent , nonsensical rants . 
  and to think you stated you did n't have an agenda , haha . 
  and what is this `` notion of absolute safety '' anyway ? 
  the ideal of wanting safety from terrorist attacks is an absurdity to you ? 
  at present britain is facing the greatest threat from terrorism since the 7/7 attacks . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2015/09/18/world/europe/britain-intelligence-agency-mi5-andrew-parker.html the same can be said of the whole of the eu given the state of the geopolitical situation in the middle east and how pervasive the extremist ideologies of the likes of is have become . 
  it was only a matter of weeks ago that europe narrowly averted a massacre on a train from a man motivated by these very ideologies to commit a terrorist atrocity on european soil , because his gun jammed and he was disarmed by passengers . 
  and you want to talk about fear mongering ? 
  this is a very real threat , and i 'm not overplaying it . 
  in fact , you 're deliberately downplaying it . 
  why you 'd seek to do this i have no idea . 
  i do n't know what your agenda is , but you certainly hold one . 
   do i actually have to explain fear mongering to you ? 
  of course not . 
  i was n't scare mongering , yours ' was just an attempt to undermine the argument with baseless accusations . 
   you are creating a false equivalency by implying that a significant subset of the people seeking asylum will be criminals to the level of the one in the article . 
  you are creating or trying to create fear that is entirely baseless and unjustified . 
  you have no basis to assume a significant number of people will be like the one in the article . 
  no , i 'm not . 
  you 're putting words in my mouth and resorting to a strawman argument . 
  you do n't even understand my argument , you 're presuming to know where i 'm coming from . 
  my initial point was that this particular incident is immigration related , as this guy was not born in germany , and arrived a migrant . 
  you disagreed and told me that was a ` line of thought ' , i do n't think it is , it 's objective fact . 
  it 's also objective fact that when you invite millions of people into your country , immigration controls will be overwhelmed , and many violent and dangerous people will slip through the net and not be picked up by authorities ( bit like that libyan wandering around the streets of saxony with a machete from the other day ) . 
  this is not ` fear mongering ' , once more , this is objective fact . 
  * deal with it * , as you said . 
   no its not . 
  mathematics actually tell us that the increase in murders will be minimal , simply cause the overall number of refugees in comparison to the number of people already living here is too low . 
  were talking about 1 % of the german population . 
  even if they are 10 times as violent as germans are ( for which there is absolutely no basis ) , we still wouldnt see significant increases in violent crime . 
  just cause of the way these numbers interact . 
  no idea what you 're on about here , again , you do n't understand my point . 
  the probability is that there will be violent people among the millions of migrants/refugees arriving into the eu , not that there 'll be an overwhelming rise in murders ? 
  what the fuck are you on about ? 
  there 's that strawman argument again . 
   i have no political agenda . 
  im just pointing out youre full of shit . 
  im actually very worried , long term , about what this immigration policy will mean for german culture as a whole . 
  ** i just think the idea that were adding a significant number of murderers is ludicrous to the point of absurdity , and frankly devoid of common sense and reality ** . 
  it 's a point i never made . 
  although , again , based on probability , there will be violent criminals among the millions of people arriving . 
  there will also likely be people among them who have sympathies with is . 
  there are lots of issues that will come with such an influx of people , there are many inherent social issues that they 'll bring with them . 
  integration will also be a concern , as you highlight . 
  not sure what your whole rant was about frankly , maybe read my comments more carefully next time ? 
  how is it fear mongering ? 
  it 's a question of plain probability and mathematics . 
  you clearly have some kind of political agenda which likes to gloss over this stuff , so you 're probably right . 
  agree to disagree . 
  that 's because it is related . 
  it 's not a line of thinking mate , it 's reality . 
  it is related . 
   absolute safety can not exist . 
  deal with it you 'll have to , the whole of the eu will have to because germany opened up the eu 's borders to millions of people they ca n't possibly know who is among them . 
  this is the whole point . 
  and it is relevant mate , i disagree . 
  it 's a similar relatively lax policy towards immigration which allows people to come and go , and allows the criminals among them to exploit loopholes in eu law so that they can not be deported . 
  it is what happened with this guy today , and it 's what will happen in the future . 
  the tories are working on binning our human rights act and putting something else in its place . 
  it 'd be more or less the same in principle , but would allow us to deport people who posed a threat to this country , even if they were to face persecution in their mother country . 
  would lead to less farcical situations like british taxpayers having to pay for the upkeep of radical hate preachers and convicted terrorists because it would contravene their human rights if we deported them .
