   do n't even understand why you are so obsessed with sweden when you very own country is going down gutter . 
  largest amount of migrants and foreigners in all of europe and fucked economy plus every second terrorist attack is right next to you . 
  focus on your own country , will ya ? 
  that 's precisely the point , berk . 
  forcing politically and ideologically deluded swedes to recognise their problems at home helps everyone . 
  especially if you 're a neighbouring eu country in the schengen . 
  sweden 's immigration policy to non eu nations directly affects their neighbours once said migrants get their eu documents . 
  what 's more , the bigger point is reflection on the realities of migration , the pros and the cons . 
  these discussions are crucial precisely because they undermine the cultural relativist absurdity that has been prevalent in europe for so long , and has led us to these problems in the first place . 
  the whole point of talking honestly about sweden is to recognise that these are problems facing most of western europe . 
  like you said , britain too . 
  the eu is facing a growing cancer of islamism from within its own societies , brought to the continent via immigration . 
  i 'm having this conversation with you now in the context of a muslim lad blowing up a load of children at a music concert in my hometown a little over a month ago . 
  a lad whose parents were accepted into the uk as asylum seekers from libya in the 90s . 
  a lad who lived 5 minutes from a mate of mine , someone who attended a salafi mosque , preaching hatred of everything that makes the uk what it is , 10 minutes walk from an ex girlfriend 's house . 
  this is the cancer that we 're already living with , within our own societies . 
  and it was brought here , and to other european shores , via migration . 
  these issues exist in france , sweden , belgium , germany , holland . 
  you name it . 
  and , as a european , i do not want it to get worse . 
  besides that , it 's also causing a rise in the absolute political polarisation of europe . 
  politically we 're sinking into a shithole and the far right are growing all the time . 
  and that is a direct consequence of this issue , and the wider taboo of critical reflection upon it as i highlighted previously . 
  i do n't know what your perspective is , or what you want , but i simply do not want to see these social issues continue to fester in europe , and i do n't want to see the far right thrive off them and grow in legitimacy and support . 
  political fascists and religious fascists thriving off one another and making life shit for the rest of us . 
  and the only way that changes is if europeans have open and honest dialog on this topic , to find the solutions to this problem . 
  and , continuing as we 've done for so long , with a growing migrant crisis from north africa facing the eu , makes no sense whatsoever . 
  it 's insanity . 
  it is n't sustainable , and it is n't going to solve our already growing social issues via migration in europe . 
  i 'm not sure about you , but that is where i 'm coming from . 
  a journalist goes to sweden to investigate the country 's migrant problems : he gets followed a few times and then advised to leave by the police for his own safety , and then escorted by them out of the area a couple of times . 
  he talks to people about the growing violent crime problem in sweden , via immigrants . 
  he finds out about how in one area migrants are setting fire to cars every other night . 
  he learns about migrant self-segregation and a lack of desire/refusal to integrate . 
  he finds evidence of support for isis and hamas . 
  and you consider it a great success because he was n't lynched in broad daylight ? 
  lol . 
  says a lot . 
  face it , you 're the one with the confirmation bias . 
  you 're not impartial here , politically or otherwise . 
  funny how you try and discredit the whole thing as well . 
  tim pool is about as impartial a journalist as you 'll find . 
  when he went to sweden he was just a young lad looking for a break , he did n't go with an agenda . 
  it was n't breitbart that funded his trip , it was infowars . 
  as far as i remember it they offered to pay for a journalist 's trip to sweden 's `` problem areas '' , to discover the truth about the issue following the international focus and debate on it after trump commented on it . 
  pool was fair and balanced , he did n't inject any angles into his footage or work , and got a lot of great interviews . 
  and you dismiss his work altogether anyway . 
  again , pathetic . 
   i mean , you have swedes in this thread and sub who literally live in these neighborhoods . 
  the same people who will tell you that nothing the right says is in any way true and severely overblown . 
  why do you undermine their real-life opinion i acknowledge that there is a lot of hyperbole from the right about this issue , how many times do i have to say that ? 
  but i 'm also patently aware that the left have a complete desire to play it down also . 
  that 's what 's happening in this sub , rountinely . 
  i have friends in sweden , my views are not born out of sensationalist media myopia . 
  my dad visited and lived in sweden during the early 80s . 
  i know that sweden has a lot of social issues as a direct consequence of their immigration policies over the past few decades . 
  it 's patently obvious . 
  it 's not my problem though , it 's yours ' . 
  it 's the problem your children will inherit . 
  you 're the one who needs to be taking part in the honest discussion about it , with other swedes , to find solutions to it . 
  instead you 're trying to carefully stage manage opinion from within and outside sweden , by simply dismissing evidence of things you do n't like . 
   fucking ridiculous 60 minutes video prime example of that dismissal i just referenced . 
   also , where are these leftists who completely downplay that sweden has problems with their migration policy ? 
  where the fuck are these people ? 
  do n't play this game with me . 
  utter nonsense . 
  this is absolute taboo in your country and has been for over a decade . 
  i know it from conversations with my friends , from the absolute reticence and fear of people to talk about the issue openly and in public . 
  i have conversations with such swedes routinely when ever this topic ever comes up online . 
  so please , save me the bullshit . 
  that 's not true , at all . 
  you 're talking shite . 
  his conclusion was that the situation was n't as bad as the hyperbole that those on the far right would have people believe . 
  not that there were n't serious and growing issues in the country . 
  in the video i linked he interviews a local journalist who details his area 's issue in depth . 
  i literally , in the comment you 've just replied to , touched upon the hyperbole of the right who overplay this to serve a political agenda , and those on the left who completely downplay it to serve/not undermine a political agenda . 
  seems you belong to the latter group . 
  laughable . 
   populations moving into larger and larger cities where certain areas become impoverished and excluded from the rest of society , culturally and socio-economically . 
  why does that have to be the effect of immigration solely ? 
  i 'm not saying it is . 
  i 'm saying sweden 's immigration policy made it much worse . 
  and it is also dependant on the culture of the migrant , muslim migrants from developing countries are much more likely to self segregate . 
  it is n't always a failure of the state . 
  we see this problem across europe . 
  i 'm glad that we 're finding agreement here though , rather than becoming embroiled in an inane exchange of insults as these kind of discussions often devolve into . 
  it seems that once people can give someone being critical the benefit of the doubt that they 're not a bigot and their intentions are n't malevolent , then actual productive conversation can ensue . 
  who 'd have thought it ? 
  not a personal jibe at you btw , just a reflection on how tedious these discussions can be generally . 
  i mean have a look at the rest of the thread . 
   i guess if they 're sceptical about sweden 's immigration policies then a lot of it can be blamed on the eu and the open borders initiative of schengen . 
  i just do n't buy that the problems would n't exist otherwise , but obviously none of us can prove that . 
  that 's not true though , is it mate ? 
  the eu does n't force sweden to accept migrants from north africa , the middle east , somalia etc , does it ? 
  i 'm being specific here because these are the migrant groups which represent the most difficulty to their host nations in western europe with social divisions and integration , with crime . 
  the eu does n't mandate that sweden has , or had to have , the migration policy it had towards these countries/regions for so long . 
  culture matters , is ultimately my point . 
  and i 'm banging my head against a wall trying to argue with cultural and moral relativists in the rest of the thread , just to get them to recognise that . 
  i mean we 're having this conversation in the context of a load of children being blown up at a music concert recently in my hometown , by a muslim lad who was born in the uk to libyan asylum seekers accepted here in the 90s . 
  a lad who lived 5 minutes from a mate of mine , and attended a salafi mosque , preaching hatred of all the values that make this country what it is , 10 minutes from an ex girlfriend 's house .
