  this is n't the oppression olympics mate , all these kinds of violence should be condemned . 
  you just seem incapable of condemning political violence against people you do n't see eye to eye with politically . 
  yes , provided you 're talking about actual fascists , as per the example of nazi germany in the 1940s , not anyone who is politically right of even centre left as seems to be becoming the trend now . 
  this trend among people on the hard left to describe anyone right of them as fascists is being used to justify all manners of violence against people with whom they disagree with politically , it 's pretty disgusting frankly . 
  numerous articles and studies are cited in the videos i linked , you talk about delusions and political bias while dismissing them outright because you do n't like the content . 
  you 're the fucking joke . 
  like i said , a buffoon with absolutely zero self awareness . 
  a recent source says half of swedish women are now afraid to be alone in the evening . 
  your sources are shite . 
  it 's cited in [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/y1_vipsd-by ) video by someone who actually knows what they 're talking about and is n't an ideologically deluded cultural relativist and apologist for the flaws of other cultures . 
   it should be treated as a completely marginal issue barely even given a passing thought - not for willful ignorance , but because it 's affects both their and the swedish people 's lives so little . 
  bull . 
  shit . 
  again , see someone who actually knows what they 're talking about providing countless swedish sources : https://youtu.be/o9qwr6kvmuc https://youtu.be/na9yjrqtwg0  what remains is that every such case is naturally ruled on a case by case basis , so in that regard cultural background plays a part - but that 's a positive consideration to be allowed . 
  people ca n't shed their entire culture the way they shed their clothes and a state that recognizes that is a compassionate one . 
  yeah , it 's a really positive and compassionate consideration for those children likely coerced/forced to marry adult cousins , their personal injustice then deemed acceptable by a first world state that does n't liberate them but continues their oppression via the pathetic mental gymnastics of cultural relativism . 
  brilliant . 
   the only issue is that the swedes themselves clearly disagree with you no , they do n't . 
  you do n't speak for all swedes you fucking clown , see above . 
  i 'll read your final link if you can muster any criticism for the points i raised on islam previously . 
  otherwise you 're an utterly oblivious hypocrite with no self awareness . 
  you 've literally cited me a summary of the study on crime by nation of origin in sweden , in which it states it 's very objective is effectively to explain it away as a non issue . 
  and what a brilliant attempt you cite from them as an effort to explain it away as a non issue , scandinavians represent a greater proportion of offenders in sweden than north africans , who 'd have thought it given they represent a much greater percentage of the population ? 
  are you completely unfamiliar with per capita ? 
  do you think accepting immigrants from regions/nations which are demonstrably more prone to criminality , per capita , and increasing their numbers in the country might thus might be a bad thing ? 
  and that 's ignoring the integration and social issues . 
  what 's more , what crimes are they using in that comparison ? 
  i note that is excluded . 
  i wonder what the comparison looks like by specific crimes , even ignoring per capita . 
  there is a reason sweden stopped recording crime data by nationality 12 years ago . 
  it 's because immigrants represent an ever growing , and disprotionate percentage of their criminal offenders . 
  you recognise this yet still refuse to recognise that the argument that this constitutes an immigration problem . 
  strange . 
  oh , but wait . .  yes , just like it has a ` glass ceiling ' problem , a ` lack of kindergarten teachers ' problem , a ` global warming ' problem ... 
  absolutely priceless . 
  `` sure i see problem x , but what about problem a , b , c , d , e , f , g , h , i , j ? '', 
  brilliant . 
   it was nothing about not wanting to offend cultural sensitivities and the other type of hogwash you talk about misrepresented the point , completely . 
  i did n't say it was about `` offending cultural sensitivities '' , although i 'm sure that played a role too , i said that cultural and religious sensitivities clearly played a role in allowing the marriage . 
  that is precisely what the judge is the case cited as a reason for allowing the marriage you buffoon , that the girl was strong in her religion . 
  it is precisely that religious and cultural reason that the marriage was allowed while it would n't have been for a non muslim ethnic swede , because your kind of morally bankrupt moral relativism would n't be applicable in such an alternative scenario . 
   but i also do n't think any of our opinion matters if the bride ( provided she acts on her own volition ) the kind of morally bankrupt rationale that leaves you describing a pregnant 14 year old child , married to an adult cousin 2 years earlier at 12 , as a `` bride '' with the capacity to act of her own volition in what is clearly , in our culture , an abusive relationship , completely unbalanced and undoubtedly coercive in origin if not near certain in present . 
  you 're literally talking about a child that was married to an adult at 12 years old , you complete buffoon . 
  i note that once more , you failed to respond to the questions re islam . 
  perhaps you 're thinking of converting to get yourself a child bride , you seem quite the expert on the intricacies of marrying children , a little absent on the morality/ethical angle though . 
   ah yes , the no-go zones which are common knowledge among non-swedes , while the actual citizens scoff at the idea and the police is busy dispelling the myth . 
  laughable . 
  i 've literally cited a suburb by name in which riots took place recently , in which warning shots had to be fired by police tonight . 
  the `` no go '' areas have existed for more than 20 years , one example of the above suburb : http://www.nytimes.com/1998/10/06/world/a-swedish-dilemma-the-immigrant-ghetto.html police efforts to downplay it do n't prove your argument . 
  the video i cited in my very first comment to you shows video footage of swedish police refusing to enter a shopping centre for fear of inflaming tensions with somali immigrants - who then go on to attack an australian tv crew anyway . 
  you 're deluding yourself . 
  immigration in sweden is clearly an issue . 
  are you actually going to dispute this ? 
   same with the notion of failed integration : just because it 's treated as a fact on certain niche radical sites , it is far from reality . 
  being foreign-born does makes it likelier to become a crime suspect in sweden with a 2.5 multiplier , but socioeconomic factors like not completing secondary education or being on welfare represent over twice as great risks . 
  integration problems are a myth too , immigrants from africa being as much as [ 430 % over represented among government recorded crime data ] ( https://s16.postimg.org/s16yj7xyd/image.png ) can all be explained by poor secondary education and social injustice ? 
  i repeat : you are deluding yourself . 
  sweden has an immigration problem . 
  this is the objective reality , whoever you blame for it . 
   that they collective emphasize different values than yours do n't make them irrational no , that their immigration policies are unsustainable and damaging to their social cohesion , and actively causing unrest and an increase in crime that otherwise would n't be there , and all at great cost to the swedish taxpayer , is what is irrational . 
   they clearly found a point of equilibrium ha , sweden is an example of equilibrium with regards to immigration ? 
  brilliant . 
   crime statistics are n't suspended in vacuum , them being low is n't the sole focal point of our lives . 
  this is your way of saying sweden 's immigration policies are good and the crime increase , social divisions and unrest , is a welcome cost in the grand scheme of things ? 
  who are you to say that as someone who is n't affected by those negative consequences , that the trade off is worth it ? 
  quite arrogant . 
  this is a point of major contention in sweden and it 's increasingly dividing the country , not sure if you 've noticed . 
   i did by mentioning those countries ? 
  i 'm afraid i 'm not fluent in either catalan or lithuanian to dig up news for you about the two nations putting these laws to use though . 
  you verbatim said : `` judges making exemptions from the normal age limit are abundant throughout europe '' that is nonsense . 
  i was asking for similar examples as i provided , you provided none and only said it was acceptable in lithuania if the girl is apparently pregnant . 
  what ? 
   ** this is not a question of backwardness and being third world countries ** . 
  they simply view puberty ( and the typical age it happens ) as the line to cross to be able to marry . 
  yes , it is . 
  it 's why you ca n't cite a single example of it being acceptable for an adult to marry a 14 year old from any first world country . 
  it 's why the only examples you could give were the likes of fucking tanzania and myanmar . 
  you 're talking utter nonsense , cultural relativist nonsense to be precise . 
  genuinely pathetic . 
  you 're speaking pure , unadulterated , intellectual and moral weakness . 
   i explicitly listed christian nations and the catholic church itself to show this is n't a muslim-exclusive behavior . 
  i know you did , because you wanted to cite it as a whataboutism to defend islam , which is fairly pathetic . 
  i did n't imply it was an exclusively muslim behaviour , only that it 's much more prevalent among muslim majority countries , which it most certainly is . 
  are you able to condemn that ? 
  in your very link it states for islam and consent that the quran says the only thing necessary for marriage is puberty . 
  again , can you condemn that ? 
  are you capable of doing so ? 
   the large portion of europe already lets 14 or 15 year olds sleep with whoever they want and i 've showed you how some even let marriage occur at these ages ( 15 in slovenia and estonia ) . 
  so even though i 'm not particularly a fan of the idea , this clearly is n't unprecedented and as shocking as you try to portray it . 
  again , you 're spectacularly missing the point . 
  sweden is a developed first world country , with age of consent laws at 18 . 
  it is illegal to marry under the age of 18 in sweden . 
  yet a swedish court allowed an adult man to retain his marriage to a 14 year old child , whom he married when she was 12 , because of cultural and religious sensitivities . 
  and you can not bring yourself to condemn it ? 
  you see no ethical or moral issue with this ? 
  you do n't think not applying state laws to certain groups of people , for whatever cultural or religious rationale , within a country sets a dangerous precedent ? 
  again , i think this says a lot about you , frankly . 
  i find it quite staggering , in all honesty . 
   crime overall is a not a bigger issue in sweden than in other similarly developed countries never said it was , although i think that 's a disputable point . 
  i was talking specifically about the problems sweden has with regards immigration , particularly from third world muslim countries .
