  think farage was right about the ` union of disharmony ' , even dividing germany itself . 
  total madness this , what a clusterfuck . 
  it 's safe as in you wo n't drop dead immediately or shortly after visiting . 
  but it 's not safe in the respect that the soles of your shoes will be contaminated with reactor fission products like cs 137 for example , to varying degrees dependent on what you stand on/in . 
  you 'll also get some of those fission products in your hair and on your clothes , you may inhale some in the form of airborne dust . 
  just a question of how big a threat that poses from a one off visit . 
  if anyone did ever visit i 'd advise wearing old/cheap footwear that you can bin before you go home , at the least . 
  i know i would n't want to bring any contamination back home and tred it into my carpet !, 
  i 'd argue clothes too . 
  not for me though , i 'm happy with the documentaries and online footage . 
  personally i do n't like the way the zone 's starting to become a kind of disneyland for curious adventure seeking tourists . 
  it 's a bit morbid for me , and i think it 's irresponsible both the way it 's destroying the zone ( for example idiots spray painting graffiti everywhere and stealing things as souvenirs ) , and the way in which this coming and going of people just serves to redistribute to contamination from inside the zone to outside the zone , in varying quantities . 
  edit : typo . 
  one of the most interesting , and quite haunting observations i saw was on a documentary of the zone , a particular moment in which they were examining the zone with a geiger counter , detecting background radiation . 
  most of the isotopes deposited around the area from the explosion and fire landed on every surface , after decades of rainfall and the general passing of time , most of these isotopes are now just below the surface layer of soil ( unless of course they land on steel or asphalt ) . 
  and now , most of them are being incorporated into plant matter . 
  for example , just like cs 137 resembles potassium to the human body , so too it does to plants . 
  plants utilise potassium in their own tissues also . 
  so , it 's fairly easy to detect that the background radiation of leaves , for example , is higher than the ambient air . 
  or even ground level , such is the concentration of these isotopes into the plant 's tissues over time . 
  this type of contamination is ubiquitous in the zone , and it absolutely everywhere , it 's insidious . 
  that example regarding the leaves is why forest fires in the exclusion zone are such an enormous concern . 
  as the forests are so heavily contaminated , a large fire could pose as great a fallout threat to europe as the initial accident at chernobyl itself , in the case of a serious fire all of that radioactivity would be redistributed into the atmosphere and would be carried wherever the wind took it . 
  that is a very real threat to europe . 
  anyway , i 've gone off on a bit of a tangent . 
  back to the animals in the exclusion zone . 
  because the contamination of the zone is ubiquitous , it 's in all water and food in the region , it was actually shown that the skeleton of an animal in the zone had a much higher background radiation than the ground level around it . 
  this will be because that particular animal 's bones will have heavily incorporated sr 90 ( among other fission products ) into their make-up , its body mistaking the radioactive reactor fission product as calcium as i mentioned previously . 
  it is in effect a type of bioaccumulation of these contaminants in the body . 
  who 's to say that animal , and others like it are perfectly healthy ? 
  it 's plain bizarre . 
  of course , many of these animals may look healthy to a layman observer , but could you possibly accurately know the state of their health ? 
  do they live in the zone , or are they just passing through ? 
  what is their life expectancy in the exclusion zone ( in comparison to a like for like area unaffected by man and the threat of poaching for example ) ? 
  the health of their offspring ? 
  their general health ? 
  and ultimately , the harm done to their dna from such continued exposure ? 
  but i digress , it 's a frustrating topic this . 
  especially as i 've often seen this particular obscurity regarding the zone 's wildlife to conveniently serve as some kind of agenda to play down the seriousness of such accidents to the environment and the health of living things , human or otherwise . 
  you 'll even see proponents of the nuclear industry latching onto things like this to serve their agenda . 
  really unsettling . 
  frustrates me this , creates the impression that the animals are suffering no consequences to their health or that of their offspring . 
  of course if you remove all human interference from a place wildlife will take it over , most of the exclusion zone does n't contain a background level high enough to kill any longer . 
  the background levels are raised and will be for thousands of years , but the real insidious harm now are the isotopes themselves that were ejected from the reactor . 
  just two examples would be the likes of cs 137 and sr 90 , the former resembles potassium and is drawn to muscle tissue in the body , and the latter resembles calcium , and is thus drawn to the bone marrow of any animal/human that ingests or inhales it . 
  several studies have shown that birds living in the exclusion zone have suffered numerous genetic and birth defects . 
  articles like this create the impression that nuclear accidents are n't a big deal , that their health threats are n't tangible . 
  they are , they 're just hard to quantify , hard to identify . 
  a cancer does n't come with a receipt identifying its cause , and only the thyroid cancers are the most easily attributable to such accidents , the others are hard to identify such is their parallels with lifestyle contributory factors . 
  they are often easily explained away by anyone with a motive to do so . 
  the genetic damage that comes with such exposure to radiation takes generations to show itself , the birds i mention previously have a much shorter lifespan than most other animals in the zone for example , and thus they 've already gone through several generations since the accident . 
  several generations of damaged dna passed through from one generation to the next . 
  hence the identifiable mutations in respect of wing spans , asymmetry etc. 
  take fukushima for example , less than 3 years after that particular accident butterflies were observed to have numerous observable mutations . 
  these are insects which have passed through several generations since the accident already . 
  humans have only passed through one generation since the accident at chernobyl . 
  always be sceptical of someone who wishes to downplay these health consequences and dangers . 
  we 're still learning about their effects today , and there is more to learn still . 
  i accept what you 're saying , but should they be granted access to luxuries like game consoles ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  ah right , okay . 
  are you sure they 're not paid for by the prison/state ? 
  if not , prisoners can access their own bank account , and purchase things ? 
  still laughable . 
  they 're supposed to be in prison , not free accommodation with likeminded reprobates . 
   the court said they could either share on ps4 with two people , or get a ps3 per person , but not a ps4 for each . 
  total joke . 
  and the danish taxpayer has to pay for these violent criminals upkeep and their ps3s/ps4s ? 
  utterly absurd . 
  too small , anything more credible ? 
  pretending to be syrian , probably . 
  still waiting , intellectual weakling . 
   someone like you and there you have it , was absolutely bang on . 
  highlight a single racist comment i 've ever made . 
  answers on a postcard intellectual weakling . 
  ** edit ** : still waiting . 
  throw out a baseless racism accusation and then exit at stage left ? 
  not interesting in arguing with someone like you . 
  just wanted to encourage some much needed introspection . 
  with all your posts in this thread , i hope you realise what a sheer self-important , self-righteous , sanctimonious clown you come across as . 
  embarrassing . 
   i guess their beef is the same as most right-wingers - they 're angry someone who spends their life researching and writing about politics ends up with opinions of their own . 
  the fuck are you talking about ? 
  you 're talking utter nonsense . 
  the ` beef ' is that the bbc are meant to be entirely impartial and that their coverage of brexit , all the way back to the referendum , was not . 
  that their coverage of the news and arguments as to pro/leave was biased against leaving the eu , that their coverage of britain leaving the eu continues to be biased . 
  not that some editors may hold personal political views , but that a purportedly impartial broadcaster every british person who owns a television has to pay towards annually with a tv license , would represent the news in a biased manner rather than a strictly impartial one . 
  hope this helps , buffoon . 
  makes perfect sense given armed police showed up and shot the suspect . 
  nothing to see here . 
  prepare for hostility from the moral and cultural relativists . 
  your facts and sources wo n't protect you . 
  err , well given that 's the kind of rhetoric that the guy i was responding to was using/justifying then i think you 'll find it was very relevant . 
   i 'm sorry , but what violence against `` people on the right of them '' are you talking about ? 
  the kind of violence seen committed by balaclava wearing cowards attacking individual people in groups , simply because they 'd come to hear a talk by someone they disagree with politically at the ucla - which was then all justified by the woman who organised it because she believed milo yianopoulous is a fascist . 
  it 's the rationale that had these balaclava wearing cowards feel justified in pepper spraying a young woman and hitting her with a bat simply because she was wearing a ` make bitcoin great again ' hat , that they mistook for a ` make america great again ' hat , and that apparently made her fair game . 
   how much violence do `` people on the right '' suffer from the `` center left etc '' you did n't understand my point . 
  the point was that straying any further than centre left makes you a ` fascist ' to the extremists on the hard left , and they 're the people committing and justifying the violence against those people . 
   compared to the violent incidents committed against immigrants , black folks , muslims , jews , atheists , gays , transgendered people etc. . . ? 
  do tell . .
