  germany has opened the eu 's borders , it 's not hyperbole to say that ; 1.1 million people were registered in germany alone last year , and that 's just those that were registered . 
  it does n't even account for those that settled in other eu countries . 
  this is a central issue to the chance of britain leaving the eu . 
  the right to act independently of brussels , and we do n't have that at present . 
  you 're deluding yourself if you think otherwise . 
  siberian gulag do the trick ? 
  put them in a french jail , we do n't want them back . 
  authoritarianism in a velvet glove , should n't be long now . 
  nothing worse than an enthusiastic convert . 
  the old adage rings true . 
  regressive scum . 
  have to be a special kind of degenerate to harass a victim of sexual assault/rape and protect her rapist simply because they 're brown/muslim . 
  this is the level of sheer degeneracy parts of the left have reached in europe and the u.s. 
  i 'm not the easily offended type . 
  i think judging by your comment however , you were clearly offended by the post you were responding to . 
  i 've read your amas mate , and i 've found them very interesting , thanks for that . 
  did you find a job in the end ? 
  how are things going now ? 
  i 'm in full agreement that the situation has got out of control . 
  only 20 % of people who registered for asylum from countries outside the eu in 2014 were even syrian , would n't be surprised if that was even greater now . 
  way too many chancers trying to pose as desperate refugees fleeing war when many are effectively economic migrants , or even just outright parasites here to sponge off the generosity of the eu . 
  may i ask why you personally feel unsafe from the migrants on occasion ? 
  are you muslim ? 
  christian ? 
  i 've read articles which have shown that people living in refugee centres who are non muslim have been threatened and live in fear from their fellow muslim migrants/refugees . 
  what that says about many of these peoples ' ability to adapt and integrate into europe when they 're already bringing their poisonous sectarianism with them , i do n't know . 
  what 's your perspective on this mate ? 
  thanks . 
  and good luck with your future in holland . 
  do you realise how much that would cost though ? 
  you 're still talking hundreds of thousands of people . 
  the only pragmatic way to make sure only the genuine in need gain asylum is to vastly reduce numbers into the country , and have them checked as they enter . 
  are you in germany at present ? 
  do you mind telling me what your story is and what your perspective is ? 
   what 's the other option 1.1 m undocumented people ? 
  not allowing that many people into the country . 
  mind blowing idea i know . 
  thanks for the patronising moralising , really added a lot to the discussion . 
  a 5 minute interview with each of the 1.1 million people germany registered as asylum applicants in 2015 ? 
  and that 's just those who have been registered . 
  do you see how unfeasible that is ? 
  the scale of this madness ? 
  there is no way such an enormous amount of people can be accurately screened to any measurable degree in such a short period of time , that 's why this situation has proven such a mess . 
  a highly unsustainable one at that . 
  not a fitting comparison , but i take the point about it making people who are concerned about these kind of issues bad by association . 
  in utopia this coalition of european firms would act as an auxiliary , no nonsense , people 's police force . 
  not loutish protestors who just wanted to cause a bit of aggro . 
  my previous comment re it ` warming the heart ' was somewhat tongue in cheek , but those criminal migrants running amok in large groups really do need a kicking , and it 'd be nice if someone could show that european hospitality has its limits . 
  we 're being taken for utter clowns at the moment , the people committing these crimes are exploiting the passiveness of their host populations and are taking us for a soft touch . 
  the police have proven themselves weak and they 're more or less free to do what they want as a result . 
  if european people come down hard on them then we 'll soon see an end to this behaviour , and it 'll deter likeminded people from making the journey if these kind of acts are an attraction drawing them to europe . 
  these kind of acts are a shit test of european people , if we keep on responding meekly then the future will be bleak for our women . 
  ha , the european coalition of hooligans . 
  what a thought . 
  it 'd be not too dissimilar to the christmas truce where british and german troops temporarily halted hostilities to exchange pleasantries and even having a kick about in no-man 's land during the first world war . 
  well , not quite the same , but it 'd be something to warm the heart . 
  mother europe sure needs something like it . 
  it 's time for europe 's football firms to come together to stove some heads in now . 
  take the streets back . 
  if the police ca n't / wo n't deal with it then someone has to step in . 
  mein kampf is a best seller in much of the middle east , even turkey for example . 
  i 'm sure it 'll be a move welcomed by most asylum seekers in germany at present . 
  nonsensical response . 
  you 're the one who hypothesised his religion played little to no role in what he did , and now you 're implying to know that he 'd do something similar if he was from another religion or non religious . 
  and now you 're saying that religion is only ever a pretext for a different motive , and not a central motivator . 
  should 've just left it to your initial comment . 
  now i know you 're an idiot - a try hard regressive one at that . 
  you 're talking as if his religion is irrelevant . 
  it 's not . 
  would he have done what he did in the name of is if he was christian , or was n't religious ? 
  there 'll be several reasons why he did what he did but his religion is certainly one of them . 
   and i bet most people would be ok with accommodating the reduced productivity of fasting muslims during ramadan in return . 
  you realise you 're talking about 4 whole weeks right ? 
  would you propose making national religious holidays for every group in the eu ? 
  scientologist holidays ? 
  we have christian holidays because many of our nations are founded upon christianity . 
  as we become more secular , they 're becoming less relevant religiously , and more just national holidays . 
  national holidays that anyone can take off , * including * muslims , the people you gave as an example do n't * have * to go to work , they * chose * to . 
  what that says about their integration into the eu , that they wo n't even accept a short holiday at the end of the year as it 's traditionally a christian holiday , i do n't know . 
  but that 's another debate altogether . 
  europe is growing more secular , and that 's a good thing . 
  the last thing this continent needs is more religious holidays and making allowances for the religious and their asinine superstitions . 
  i 'm staggered that you 've received the amount of upvotes you have , but it 's a post completely full of inane platitudes and niceties so you 'll be sure to reel a few in i suppose . 
  how 'd you do that then ? 
  you one of those trench coat wearing public fappers/flashers ? 
  you 've just created an enormous strawman out of a straightforward comment , and extrapolated from there to dispute things i 've never said or advocated . 
  odd . 
  a textbook shitpost . 
  tactical voting to suppress the will of a large segment of a population is not a good thing . 
  hopefully the rise of support for the likes of fn will force the mainstream parties to recognise the ` politically incorrect ' concerns of millions of voters , and adjust their policies somewhat accordingly . 
  if that does n't happen then this will just lead to further division and social unrest in france . 
  i understood your point . 
  i disagree , i think it 's a stupid point . 
  - turkic and armenian are totally meaningless categories stupid ? 
  - hutu and tutsi are totally meaningless categories . 
  stupid ? 
  the modern irish are the descendants of the celts , likewise the modern english are descendants of the anglo-saxons , and normans - among others . 
  britain is wales , northern ireland and scotland . 
  all of those countries have their own longstanding ethnic groups that are intrinsically identified with the national identity . 
  just like any other country .
