  they come together to form british identity . 
  british identity has an ethnic component . 
  recognise this . 
  that 's not to say british identity wo n't change in time , it is slowly changing currently , but to pretend that ethnicity has no role in that identity at present is beyond dishonest . 
   anglo-saxon and celt are totally meaningless categories - / u/cluelessperson, 
  my father was born to two irish immigrants in england . 
  does that make him an anglo-saxon rather than a celt ? 
  that is your rationale . 
   i repeat : annoying . 
  reality is a mere annoyance to people as politically and ideologically deluded as yourself , i recognise that . 
  you 're beyond parody . 
  all you have are dismissive tropes in response to a literal reality , an actual history of british identity and ethnicity . 
  you 're embarrassing . 
  what i 've said is objectively true , and you refuse to acknowledge it due to your political ideology . 
  you 're uncomfortable even reflecting on it . 
  i recognise that british identity is subject to change , and it is undergoing change at present , but it 's a slow process - and it does n't override hundreds and hundreds of years of british history in a mere few decades . 
  you ca n't even recognise uncomfortable realities around the history of british and european identity . 
  i repeat : embarrassing . 
  ha , not at all surprised that you 'd bring out the racism brush and try and tar me with it . 
  stop projecting . 
  you 're completely politically deluded , so much so that you 're ignoring a patent reality . 
  as reflected in the number of downvotes your comment has received . 
  you 've lived up to your username . 
   people born here to foreign , non-white parents but only knowing british culture , british schools , british identity , work , politics , etc are just as british as `` white british '' people . 
  no , they 're not . 
  it 's a fundamental construct of your argument that is a fallacy . 
  britain is not a nation of immigrants , but it is becoming one . 
  we are not the u.s - a young nation of immigrants , founded by immigrants . 
  britain has been around for hundreds , thousands of years . 
  british identity is intrinsically ( correct usage here ) tied with ethnicity . 
  we are normans , celts , etc etc. 
  we are europeans . 
  in the example you 've highlighted , those people would hold british nationality , they may identify with british culture and be an asset to britain , but they would not be ethnically british . 
  this is patently obvious . 
  if i married an english white woman , and we emigrated to denmark and our child was born in denmark , the child would not be a dane . 
  the child would however hold danish nationality . 
  dual nationality . 
  likewise , if my white english wife and i emigrated to japan , and she gave birth to our child in tokyo , the child would not be japanese . 
  the child would however hold japanese nationality . 
  this is a fairly obvious reality to grasp . 
  people like you are inherently dishonest , borne out of your discomfort of discussing race/ethnicity . 
  these are examples are distinct from the u.s. however , as the u.s. is sincerely a nation of immigrants with no longstanding central culture or heritage beyond that constitution - ethnic or otherwise . 
  the u.s. is fundamentally built upon its constitution as a young nation , and ethnicity and race does n't hold the significance in american identity that it does in european identity . 
  this is fact . 
  what you 've written is politically motivated fallacy . 
  thanks for the response mate , learned a lot from it . 
  thanks for the info . 
  so is that how they justified the bombing and shelling ? 
  what happened after ? 
  in the footage of the link there is someone taking shelter holding an ak , what was the situation on the ground ? 
  were there militias on the ground ? 
  not justifying it , but could the bombardment have been a tactic to force the surrender of such remaining militias before a ground occupation ? 
  you still have n't cited a single source for your claims . 
  and frankly , some of your continued claims are beyond dishonest . 
  it 's clear that you 're not impartial here . 
  you sound incredibly poorly informed , either that or you 're being deliberately dishonest . 
  i followed the conflict closely from the very beginning on / r/ukrainianconflict . 
  i know that what you 've written is incredibly biased and inaccurate . 
  do you accept that the war broke out because of organised russian led aggression and provocation in the east ? 
  straightforward question . 
   these people in the eastern ukraine were denied their constitutional rights in the worst possible of ways . 
  their elected leadership was removed by force , their party and representation in the governnment was all but crushed with the events of maidan and the ideological cleanup that happened afterwords . 
  any citations , sources to support those claims ? 
   the `` cto '' bullshit had begun at the time when the new government was not elected in and the elections went through with millions of people being effectively out of the voting loop . 
  the cto began when carefully organised rabble began taking over police stations and stealing arms and munitions , when rather conspicuous and well armed ` little green men ' began cropping up in strategically important towns and cities in the east of ukraine just as they had in crimea prior to a full russian ground invasion . 
   it 's as if uk had 40/60 representation between north and south in a single government and they would be inherently of different mentality , economic and political interests within a single state . 
  nothing new or special but in that case imagine a scottish leaning goverment and party that represented their interests being run out of office with pitchforks , new english majority managment takes the seat of power and even before elections can be held tries to supress a constitutional rebellion in scotland by force . 
  the whole regression to civil war started the moment yanukovich fled to russia . 
  it was more or less immediate . 
  there was no longstanding persecution of the people in the east , it 's a completely false narrative . 
  the demographics of the new parliament were still being shuffled around when the drum beat to annexation/war had already begun in the east . 
   a government that should be functionary in nature goes against all those principles and with use of elements of the army and newly formed paramilitary mitias triest to do a cleanup op . 
  volunteer battalions were an absolute necessity to resist the russians and the local separatists - such was the shambolic state of the ukrainian army at the time . 
  it 's an absurd criticism given the groups they were trying to combat , and the nature of the ukrainian state and military in the upheaval post maidan . 
  the far right battalions are a concern , but the ukrainian state became reliant on them such was the pathetic state of their army in the early stages of the war , without them russia would 've taken advantage of that weakness and would 've likely already annexed the entire eastern region of a neighbouring sovereign state . 
  where are your reflections on the earliest separatist groups and their russian figureheads ? 
   neither side genuinely is in the right here since it 's civil war but comperatively the eastern ukranians have far more of a reason to raise their arms againsts the corrent power . 
  even if western powers , hell even if putin himself would fly to kiev and crown poroshenko the ruler of ukraine it would n't make a difference to the people in the east . 
  it 's their rights that had been denied and no amount of geopolitical acknowlagment can legitimize the current ukranian government in their eyes . 
  nonsense . 
  any citations or sources to support your claims ? 
  the whole war was orchestrated by russia once it became clear the majority of ukraine wanted closer ties to the west than the east . 
  putin did n't want a western friendly state right on his borders so sowed seeds of divisions immediately and began an industrial scale distribution of ubiquitous propaganda of the very kind of narrative you 're propagating here . 
  that 's not to say that the people in the east did n't have some genuine grievances , but i suspect the sincere ones could 've been legitimately resolved in time as the new ukrainian parliament took shape . 
  but there was no wish at political engagement , there was a complete russian led and sponsored rush to war . 
  that 's the truth . 
  why do you lean with the ` rebel ' cause ? 
  there 's a fine line between being passive and complicit in another nation 's abuses though , and that 's why it 's complicated . 
  western europe has shown weakness in that respect . 
  the old soviet countries in the east have every reason to be concerned and resent such weakness , or a perceived overlooking of russia 's abuses in the east . 
  a lot of the old soviet countries are worried that russia will seek to destabilise their territories much in the same way they 've done in ukraine . 
  lithuania is one of those , without doubt . 
  which will explain the above headline . 
  those countries have every reason to fear russian aggression . 
   i hope they do watch it because he does n't say that . 
  he says elements of the fsa changed over the years and that the moderate elements did n't get what they needed from the us and turned to whomever they could . 
  it 's scary how many people upvote misleading nonse it 's the usual conspiratorial idiots or those that just love to bash america . 
  i followed the war closely as it was unfolding and is were never directly armed by the u.s. 
  they received most of their funding and aid through some very wealthy gulf state sympathisers . 
  saudi arabi and qatar expected to be the two most prominent backers .
