  the fsa were the assad regime 's ` moderate ' opposition as they 've been described . 
  they were n't an islamist organisation , they were simply a group who wanted to oust a dictator in the shape of assad , and many defected saa soldiers made up their ranks . 
  but while they were backed by the likes of the us and europe , they were n't being backed in arms and munitions . 
  in funding . 
  for months/years europe and the u.s. only sent them non lethal aid , and during that whole period the rebel groups that shared particularly distinct islamist type ideologies were being backed in full by the aforementioned gulf backers - with no fuck 's given . 
  they were the best equipped , supplied and funded opposition groups in the region . 
  and that 's why they became so powerful . 
  there was a stage where the fsa battalions were so ill equipped their fighters were routinely defecting to those kind of groups just to ensure they would n't run out of ammunition in battle . 
  i distinctly remember seeing such scenes on documentaries at the time . 
  so as this continued the fsa lost men as and they became weaker , while the radical groups grew stronger and gained man power . 
  it was a clusterfuck . 
  by the time the u.s. really made an effort to arm the fsa the radical groups were syria 's most powerful opposition groups to the assad regime . 
  and because the situation on the ground became such a clusterfuck , and the rebel groups eventually broke out into conflict with one another , groups like is will often get their hands on us munitions and weapons by virtue of taking them from other groups . 
  as i said : clusterfuck . 
  much easier to just say that the u.s. deliberately armed is though , clearly . 
  you said :  soccer fans are widely known to include some of the worst people in any given society . 
  that is a gross generalisation , and i reiterate , i highly doubt it 's one you 'd be comfortable making about any other group of people . 
  also , you did n't specify which group of football supporters you were talking about . 
  you seemed to be talking about all football supporters . 
  did you mean just turkish football supporters ? 
  still a generalisation , but more of an accurate one at least , based upon the evidence we have to hand . 
  football supporters are n't a homogenous blob . 
  the only thing i have in common with your average turkish football supporter is enjoying football as a spectator sport . 
  besides that , little to nothing . 
  there is no stabbing culture at football matches in the uk for example , unlike in turkey . 
  football supporters are different the world over , they differ based upon the societies and cultures they hail from . 
  you 'd never , ever , see such a disgusting disruption of a minutes silence for a tragedy like that in western europe - ever . 
  go ahead and generalise about football supporters if you wish , but at least be consistent in your rationale . 
  do n't get uppity when someone else does the same thing you 've done here against another group of people , for example . 
  [ just seen the video ] ( http://youtu.be/dtmiwvpyamo ) scum . 
  that is all . 
  20 % of turkey is circa 16 million people . 
  stupid comment . 
  funny you can generalise like that , but substitute the words ` soccer/football fans ' for the word ` muslims ' and i 'm sure you 'd consider such a statement quite problematic to say the least . 
  in fact , i 'm sure if you read or heard someone say that you 'd be self righteously apoplectic with rage , insulting said person as a bigot - how dare they generalise about such a diverse group of people etc etc. 
  then again , football supporters are an easy group to disparage and generalise about . 
  no such issues here . 
  give yourself a pat on the back . 
  too hard to extrapolate ? 
  apologist . 
  tell that to the jews in paris . 
  jeremy corbyn is a lunatic . 
  this is the guy that will never advocate military intervention under any grounds , even voted against the un intervening in bosnia during the massacres . 
  he wants said beheader captured and brought to trial , but how ? 
  make a request that he returns to face trial via tv ? 
  if he went against all he stood for and had special forces deployed in an attempt to capture him , he 'd be happy to possibly lose a few of their lives just to capture this lowlife and put him on trial in the uk ? 
  corbyn 's lunacy knows no bounds . 
  was n't aware of that . 
  i guess it 's not even just those of us with mixed heritages that are confused !, 
  people from the outside looking in need to realise that it 's mainly borne out of ireland being an inherently catholic country . 
  the old british settlers in northern ireland are of course native to britain , and thus protestant . 
  that 's as simple as you can put it , barring marrying into a family of the other faith and changing your own , your catholic/protestant heritage is a signifier of whether you 're native irish , a celt , or the descendant of a british settler . 
  it 's important to recognise this point . 
  it annoys me when this is overlooked , for example when there 's discussion about the particular problem of religious violence with islam . 
  there are some rather disingenuous ( but seemingly well meaning ) people on the left who will often seek to use northern ireland as a whataboutism against christianity in defence of islam - i.e `` there is n't a particular problem with religiously motivated violence and sectarianism in islam , look at northern ireland ! '', 
  the conflict in northern ireland has much more to do with opposition to british colonialism and rule , and british settlers ' desire to remain under british rule , than it does religion . 
  your religious sect just serves as an identifier as to which group you belong to . 
  people in northern ireland were n't at war with each other because of their religious beliefs , that was a side plot to a largely political struggle . 
  although it of course added to a further toxic element to the divide as well as the ethnic and nationalistic divisions . 
  i 'm an atheist , but i do n't believe all religions are equally as regressive and/or in opposition to the principles we hold dear in a modern secular society . 
  anyway , gone off on a bit of a tangent , was an interesting poll . 
  russia is directly responsible . 
  no two ways about it . 
  they did n't approve of their puppet in yanukovich being deposed by angry protests , and the possibility of a ukraine with friendlier western europe relations . 
  so they destabilised the country with relentless propaganda , invaded and annexed crimea , organised and armed a rebel force in the east of ukraine . 
  sent organised militias of actual russian citizens into the country . 
  had actual russia soldiers operate in the country . 
  and gave their armed goons a buk missile system which was subsequently used to shoot down a civilian airliner killing 298 people . 
  the operators who used it may have even been russian nationals , one things for certain if we are to exclude that then they 'd certainly have had to teach someone the basics of how to use it , at least . 
  so yeah , russia is absolutely directly responsible . 
  now next to no-one believes the individuals who shot down mh17 did so deliberately , with the say so of russia . 
  all the evidence points towards it being a moronic accident of the very worst kind . 
  but make no mistake , russia is directly responsible . 
  russia has been trying to avoid responsibility from the moment mh17 was shot down . 
  the propaganda was shift . 
  i ca n't remember all their bullshit stories , but i recall a story on russian state tv saying that a ukrainian fighter jet was in the area , and shot down the plane thinking it was putin 's presidential jet . 
  then there was the stories of it being shot down by anti aircraft fire from ukraine . 
  in the meantime there was footage available online of a buk being transported back across the border in russia in the middle of the night with a missile missing . 
  there was also the ever so slightly relevant fact that the separatists bragged that they 'd shot down a ukrainian aircraft and `` not to fly in their airspace '' on social media immediately after mh17 went missing . 
  only to be shortly deleted hours later . 
  it was really fascinating to watch the blatant obfuscation and disinformation unfold at the time . 
  it was also quite fascinating , and depressing , to see how many tinfoil hat sporting morons parroted these kremlin sponsored conspiracy theories online , incapable of recognising the available facts . 
  sometimes in this great information age , it can be too readily exploited for propaganda purposes . 
  it really was quite amazing to see how quickly this obvious disinformation spread , and how many morons and nutjobs were advocating and parroting it online . 
  there was little doubt back then as to what happened . 
  now all doubt has been removed . 
  i wonder what the next move in the disinformation war for the minds of the feeble and paranoid will be . 
  but you 're probably about 7 feet tall so your limbs are further from your heart , thus your extremities receive a lesser or more delayed supply of warm blood than your average non mutant european . 
  well , looks like we 're leaving the eu . 
   the united states as a whole is more dangerous than turkey is very , very naive . 
  the average adult male height was only 5 ' 11 '' back then . 
  the prevailing trend of a constant effort to be uber ` progressive ' in the german mainstream - political correctness , discomfort addressing things like immigration etc etc. 
  you 've lost me . 
  are you seriously trying to tell me there is n't a prevailing trend of this in germany ? 
  i know there are exceptions , but this is how it comes across as a neutral . 
  nothing matters to merkel but desperately fawning efforts to come across as ` progressive ' and ease that guilt from the second world war . 
  * `` look world !, 
  we 've changed !!, 
  '' * ~ self loathing modern germany . 
  the wheels are falling off . .
