  the well documented `` no go areas '' and such , the failed integration , the social tensions and such . 
  sweden also has the highest recorded rapes of any first world nation , however i 'm aware that their definition of rape is broader and that has an influence on the figures . 
   countries regularly lauded by people who are dead set on sweden being an unlivable hellhole , such as russia or my own see far more violent crime on average . 
  sweden is one of the most developed countries on earth , it 's not an ex soviet satellite state that has been bled dry by economic and political inequality . 
  you 're comparing apples and oranges . 
  again , the issue people are taking is not that sweden is a burning hellhole , but that a considerable proportion of its social and criminal problems are a result of their immigration policies , which are completely irrational . 
   as for the child marriage thing , judges making exemptions from the normal age limit are abundant throughout europe . 
  14 is certainly the lowest it goes , but it 's the case in andorra and if the girl is pregnant in lithuania and was the case in spain until recently . 
  provide examples . 
  i gave you a clear example of the swedish courts not applying state law to someone due to cultural and religious sensitivities . 
  that is a very dangerous thing . 
  either way , your whataboutisms and their purpose is n't missed . 
   other countries without muslim influence that have 14 as a marriageable age with parental consent include many latin american ones , myanmar , tanzania or sao tome & principe . 
  third world countries have backwards laws . 
  who 'd have thought it ? 
  are you capable of criticising only majority christian nations with backwards social laws ? 
  ca n't do the same with muslim majority nations ? 
  that is n't a comparison you want to make . 
   the catholic church allows marriage for 14 year old females . 
  source ? 
   i do believe a judge , who i 'm sure have ordered psychological tests to be conducted before the decision , is better suited to rule on sensitive issues like this than random people on the internet looking for outrage substance . 
  lol . 
  this does n't appall you . 
  says a lot . 
  ** edit ** : oh , and just to illustrate my point , a riot in an immigrant `` no go '' suburb , rinkeby , is going on literally as of right now , tonight , in sweden : https://twitter.com/search?q=rinkeby&amp;src=tren, 
   you seem to think that all the middle eastern countries are ruled under sharia law which is quite wrong no , i do n't . 
  what was it you said about strawman arguments again ? 
  most muslim countries do n't practice sharia law as the state law , but that does n't mean ordinary muslims within those countries do n't try to live their lives by sharia , away from the eye of the state . 
  we even have private sharia ` courts ' in britain where muslims can go to get their personal or domestic disputes settled without involving the police . 
  usually it just involves a controlling husband visiting an imam who tells him to keep it all in house and avoid contacting the police , to allow him to keep his wife under the thumb . 
  bbc 's panorama did an investigation into it if you want to watch , might inform you a little more . 
  probably on youtube . 
  imams were seen telling women to return home to abusive husbands and not to contact the police etc. 
   the thread is not . 
  the thread is mocking idiots saying that parts of west are under the most extrem forms of sharia law . 
  that deserves mocking . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the whole thread is full of people using the op 's infographic to mock the whole topic of social issues related to immigration in sweden . 
  the person i was responding to was doing just that . 
  perhaps you should read it again ? 
  if you read the article it was allowed by the court due to her religious beliefs being `` strong '' . 
  their marriage is acceptable in sharia , it is n't in swedish law . 
  this was clearly overlooked . 
   futhermore i ` am intrigued how sommalien immigrants are related to this ? 
  the somalian immigrants assaulting journalists are relevant because they 're evidence of failed integration of immigrants , particularly those from the third world , and muslim majority countries . 
  and this whole thread is making out that is a non issue , which it most certainly is n't . 
   admit it , you 're sitting there because you are not allowed to leave your house under shakira law !, 
  funny you 're all joking in this thread about the seriousness of the topic , meanwhile this week a swedish court authorised the marriage of a 14 year old , pregnant , girl to an adult man because they arrived from syria already married ( since she was 12 ) . 
  literal application of parallel sharia law : swedish link : http://www.vlt.se/opinion/ledare/sakine-madon-rattsvasendet-sviker-hedersutsatta-flickor not to mention somalian migrants attacking an australian film crew from 60 minutes in a suburb in the middle of the day , the police too afraid to even protect them : https://youtu.be/rjzuzqwawwg it 's all a big joke though , a non issue of course . 
  anyone who thinks otherwise is a racist . 
  i see this excludes how much more likely you are to be raped as a swede . 
   it 's not about religion of course it is . 
  that does n't mean there are n't other reasons for the violence , like you cite , but you 'd be absolutely bonkers to dismiss the role religious belief/ideology plays in the violence . 
   in france , soldiers not only protect specific buildings or well-known places , but they also patrol in the city centers . 
  sad state of affairs . 
  yeah , if only we had to build barricades around christmas markets because of a suicidal immigration/asylum policy . 
  the perfect model . 
   they do the same thing at black lives matter protests in the united states . 
  who 's `` they '' ? 
  are you implying there has n't been a precedent or evidence of blm protests being or becoming violent in nature of their own accord ? 
   scotland here . 
  see you soon delusion : the post . 
   scotland here . 
  see you soon lol, 
  funniest thing will be leave voters taking advantage of this opt in benefit for holidays in the eu . 
  i know infowars are a joke , but pointing out that they 're not breitbart is very much important , because pool being paid to travel by breitbart would be a legitimate criticism given their political agenda . 
  i do n't think it was accidental that you claimed they organised the trip . 
   no , he was n't . 
  yes , he was . 
  https://youtu.be/odw7o34vdbk get a clue . 
  not interested in further debating the attempts at character assassination in order for you , again , to dismiss evidence which displeases you . 
   i 'm sorry but this particular video is just ridiculous . 
  a crew from australia filming in one of swedens worst neighborhoods trying to interview the people that make this neighborhood worse in the first place ? 
  what the fuck was their expectation ? 
  tim pool is from chicago , i wan na see him going to the southern neighborhoods with a full filming crew shoving their equipment in gangbanger noses lmao . 
  there will be no tim pool videos anymore then cause he will end with 10 bullets in his back . 
  well done for spectacularly missing the point . 
  neighbourhoods like that did n't exist in sweden during the 80s . 
  they did not exist . 
  that 's a direct consequence of sweden 's immigration policy . 
  and that is the point of contention , and criticism . 
  and here you are overlooking that and citing some moronic whataboutism in reference to america . 
  a country on another continent . 
  why even bother ? 
   nice answer you massive fucking wanker . 
  show me these people that downplay whats happening in sweden . 
  read the thread yourself , you massive fucking wanker . 
  maybe look in the mirror . 
  i 'll @ you next time i come across one . 
   yeah , sure you do . 
  who are you trying to kidding my man ? 
  you do n't know a single person in sweden . 
  lol . 
  there 's that dismissal again . 
  contrary views upset you ? 
   by the way , talking about failed migration etc. 
  is a tricky topic in every single fucking country . 
  it is so in the us , it is so in the uk , it is so in germany , it is so in france and it so in sweden . 
  whataboutism , again . 
  with sweden we have a clear before and after given sweden 's social changes were very quick as a result of political decisions made in recent decades .
