  we have this growing cancer of islamism across europe , and yet we still have people espousing cultural and moral relativism , and condemning people as bigots/racists for simply expressing criticism of migration policies which have brought these issues to the shores of europe . 
  it 's maddening , frankly . 
  i understand people do n't want to give ammunition to genuine bigots/racists , but by trying to shut this conversation down , with such disingenuous and insincere political delusion , they 're directly handing the platform to the right and far right . 
  because they 're not afraid to talk openly about this stuff , they recognise the issue , but they use it to serve their political agenda . 
  the left is frankly pathetic on this issue , and it absolutely pains me . 
  they 're handing the platform to the right and directly contributing to the polarisation that we currently see in europe at present . 
  you can see it in microcosm in this sub . 
  nice projection . 
  sorry you could n't understand the big words . 
   what uncomfortable truths that women in the muslim world suffer indignities and inequalities that do n't exist in the secular west , and that is a direct consequence of both regional culture and islam . 
  that the societies , democracies and liberties we have in the west are objectively superior to islamist theocracy ( the growing trend in the middle east , and that it 's perfectly rational to fear that growing in prominence in europe via migration - as it already is ) . 
  that suicide bomber who blew up a load of children at a music concert recently lived 5 minutes from a mate of mine 's , and attended a salafi mosque where they openly preached hatred against gays/the west/liberalism 10 minutes from an old girlfriend 's house . 
  this problem is already in europe , we have to live with it . 
  and we 're tired of clowns like you pontificating about it from across the atlantic , or espousing your political delusions about it from the safety of some untouched middleclass enclave of europe . 
  we 're tired of reading and hearing utter nonsense like this :  you do n't seem to realise not everyone is racist , some do n't give a crap what culture ( aka skin color ) will be prevalent in europe in 100 years . 
  . . which presents the acknowledgment of this problem , and a rejection of the intellectual weakness of people like you , as simple racism against people who do n't look traditionally european . 
   culture changes all the time anyway and we are all one human species on this one planet and we all share the same one destiny of humanity . 
  pure cultural relativist weakness . 
  utterly pathetic . 
  you can believe in the oneness of humanity , and the beauty of it , while recognising that there are a lot of people who do n't view humanity like that . 
  and a lot of them are not simply among your `` own '' community ( presumably white , european or american ) , and they need criticising too . 
  keep ignoring the religious fascism of people who do n't look like you due to bizarre cultural relativism , and you , or your children/grandchildren , will be under their thumb soon enough . 
   so , no , theres no universal truths ( on this issue ) hahahahahaha . 
  brilliant . 
  utterly brilliant . 
   i do n't have to care about race just because you do . 
  again , no one mentioned race , buffoon . 
  that is your nonsensical injection into the conversation . 
  the discussion is culture and religion . 
  of democracy and liberty . 
  the way people view the world . 
  and your utterly bizarre refusal to recognise that there are people out there that view the world very differently to you . 
  that many of those people can pose a threat to the values of the societies that we currently hold dear - see the growing cancer of islamism in europe . 
  hope this helps . 
  who , besides the most agenda driven people we 've touched upon , would describe all of malmo as an `` no go '' zone ? 
  you 're attacking a strawman mate . 
  that said , malmo is n't the same city it was when my father visited it in the early 80s , that much is obvious . 
  crime , social tensions and divisions exist there today that simply was n't there back then , or certainly not to the degree that exists today . 
  that is a direct consequence of sweden 's immigration policies over the following decades . 
   there just are n't any areas that are no-go for citizens , police or emergency services . 
  there are squares , back streets and dimly lit tunnels that my common sense tells me not to wander around with headphones after dark , much like in every single place i ever visited around the world . 
  i asked you define `` no go '' because i wanted you to stop dismissing the severity of sweden 's social issues due to immigration . 
  and it 's important so that we have a clear understanding of a common language , and an understanding of one another . 
  you again seem to be using the term in a hyperbolic sense as though it means being unable to enter an area without being killed . 
  little to no people use it in that manner . 
  if we agree that `` no go '' simply means an area in which `` outsiders '' from that immediate enclave face hostility and/or violence from those in it , then that 's a lot of places in inner city sweden now . 
  and it did n't used to be like that . 
  i reject you playing this issue down the way you are , because i have friends from sweden , and they 're not being spoon fed political propaganda from american media outlets . 
  and they recognise sweden 's immigration policies have created some very negative social conditions in sweden that would n't exist otherwise . 
  i recognise however that you 're probably tired of clueless yanks telling you how your country is a third world hellhole bordering on civil war , so you 're primed to be defensive . 
  but you should ignore the hyperbole on an issue like this and debate it honestly , it 's the only way you ever solve issues like this . 
  trump brought this issue to international prominence when he made remarks to it not that long ago , but this is something that has been a topic of discussion long before trump . 
  you know that , i know that . 
  my personal perspective is that sweden has got it wrong , and that it 'll prove a growing issue until a political will to stop ignoring it and truly address it comes along . 
  sweden 's prime minister made words to that effect after the stockholm terrorist attack recently , but time will tell . 
  either way these issues are here to stay now in sweden , due to historical policies that ca n't be reversed . 
  so i suppose it 's now on your generation , and your children 's generation , who 'll inherit this , to solve it . 
  again , with `` people like you '' remarks in response to people who simply do n't buy into your political delusions . 
  you presume to know my thoughts and political values because i reject your cultural and moral relativism . 
  you 're a buffoon . 
  your false dichotomy shows your utter absurdity . 
  you think that absurd example is representative of america ? 
  what 's more , we 're not even talking about america you myopic tit . 
  we 're talking about europe . 
  and newsflash , it 's a completely irrelevant and redundant example to europe . 
  throughly entertaining though , as predictable . 
  a glimmer of light crept into your absurdity and you recognised it for a brief moment , before you put your fingers in your ears and went off on an asinine rant . 
  you presume you 're speaking to some boogeyman right winger when someone rejects cultural relativism , and says not all cultures are equal , hence why a growing prominence of islamic culture through secular and liberal western europe would n't be a good thing for a daughter - when that 's a perfectly rational position that anyone without political delusion would come to naturally . 
  muslim reformists/secular muslims recognise that too , and cowards like you spit on their work . 
  you 're great fighting the good fight against the conservative right wingers among your own community , white america , but rabidly defend them when they 're brown . 
  that 's the pathetic reality . 
  that 's the cognitive dissonance . 
  majid nawaz has spoken about people like you in depth , you 're an enemy to all the people you puport to stand for . 
  you sincerely have my contempt . 
  which lies ? 
  and what is your definition of a no-go zone ? 
  where did you live exactly ? 
  these are the kind of things i 've seen which suggest sweden has clear negative social consequences of their national immigration policy : https://youtu.be/aj1_6s5ofmm https://youtu.be/gqyg4p3vicw i consider myself centre left politically , for the record . 
  but i 'm always absolutely perplexed by the extent , of genuine sheer refusal , of some swedes to recognise any negative consequences of their country 's migration policy , whatsoever . 
  baffling , quite honestly . 
  it 's true that some groups overplay it to serve a political agenda , but it 's also clearly true that other groups completely downplay , or dismiss it altogether , to serve/not undermine a political agenda . 
  it 's quite clear to me as someone without a vested interest either way , that there are clear issues there . 
  do you not recognise that ? 
  what do you take issue with ? 
  `` people like him '' ? 
  rational , well adjusted people without political delusions blinding them to uncomfortable truths ? 
  people that do n't subscribe to the pathetic cultural and moral relativism that * people like you * do ? 
  i 'd love to hear you explain to everyone that the rights of women in the muslim world are on an equal footing to those in the west . 
  love to hear it . 
  go ahead , let 's hear it . 
  let 's hear the relativist delusion which makes you describe someone as a bigot for pointing out mere realities you 're too weak to even recognise . 
  i 'd love to hear how it 's a bigoted position to believe that one 's daughter would have greater autonomy , freedom , rights and opportunity in an islamic culture , than a secular western one . 
  or even just how they 're equivalent . 
  that 'd be sufficient . 
  come on then . 
  let 's hear it . 
  i could do with a laugh . 
  what are you even referring to ? 
  have i missed some reference to something specific , some incident that is being mocked here ? 
  reddit politics i could n't care less for ?
