  let 's dispense with the pretense that eastern european countries are given development funds because it 's `` the right thing to do '' . 
  we provide western europe with cheap labor , and , in exchange , western europe provides us with development funds . 
  the arrangement is supposed to be mutually beneficial , though perhaps we have the worse of the bargain : the scraps that are thrown to eastern europe barely compensate for the brain drain we are experiencing . 
  the eastern european countries * did * present a very sensible solution to the crisis : refuse to accept any so-called `` refugees '' , and offer help to victims of the war in syria via neighboring countries such as turkey . 
  we were ignored ; and when western europeans realized the folly of their open-borders policy , we were ordered to accept these migrants lest our development funds be withheld . 
  personally , i am in favor of the european project and the eu , but i support an economic and political union that promotes free-market and european values ( democracy , human rights , anti-corruption ) . 
  i do not support bullying smaller countries into maker their societies poorer , more violent , and less european . 
  if that 's the way the union is to work , then the union ought to be dissolved . 
  i agree -- these barbaric british tourists are trashing romania . 
  i would ask all three of them to leave . 
  yes . 
  i think the british elite -- the billionaires pushing for brexit , for austerity , for mass surveillance , for withdrawal from the european court of human rights , and so on -- are steering the uk towards a grim future . 
  they are able to disseminate their propaganda widely , not only using traditional media ( such as the * daily mail * ) , but also using [ sophisticated machine-learning models ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2017/feb/26/us-billionaire-mercer-helped-back-brexit ) to influence particular individuals . 
  as a result , they are able to play the british electorate like a fiddle . 
  far fewer people would have voted for brexit and for theresa may had they not been bathed in a steady diet of misinformation , propaganda , fear , and hatred . 
  the eu currently acts as a check on the power of this elite ( hence their desire for the uk to leave the eu ) , and i hope that the eu can help british people resist their influence . 
  i have absolutely no desire to throw the uk to the wolves . 
  and even if i were completely indifferent to the fate of the uk , i think that a britain governed by this ( americanized ) elite would have a malign effect on the rest of the eu . 
  i do n't want the uk going the way of the us , so i 'd vote for a bretain . 
  to debate is to question the government is to be a traitor . 
  only decadent western capitalists would construct a parliament building which encourages treason . 
  taking into account the low quality of romania 's roads , car travel per kilometer is probably cheaper in croatia than in romania . 
  yeah , you pay slightly more for petrol , but at least your cars are n't periodically swallowed by potholes . 
  in-person voting systems ensure that voters can not be coerced or bribed into voting for a particular candidate , since the voting booth is private . 
  that is not the case , and can not be the case , with digital voting systems ( or mail-in ballots ) . 
  this alone is sufficient to make digital voting systems far inferior to in-person voting systems . 
  nice try , but your propaganda wo n't work on us . 
  we know that the only acceptable form of sex is between a man and a woman or a priest and his altar boys . 
  people are free to treat eastern europe as a theme park if they want . 
   tourist : `` why does this cotton candy taste funny ? '', 
   eastern european : `` you 're eating my sheep . '', 
  i personally like what they 've done with the place , especially the new watermarks they added . 
  interestingly , the english also refer to rhinitis as `` catarrh '' ( or used to , at any rate ) . 
  if you 're interested , [ here 's ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/transport/facts-fundings/scoreboard/compare/investments-infrastructure/quality-roads_en ) a road quality ranking among eu countries . 
  i do n't think it ever made sense . 
  the type of people who purchase guns ( for reasons other than hunting ) are the type of people who would support a totalitarian police state . 
  i mean , look at the weimar republic : guns were abundant , and this benefited the nazis , because they were the ones who most reveled in violence . 
  but do n't you understand ? 
  as the saying goes , the best defense against a bad guy with a gun is some idiot who has just divorced and finished a full day watching wwii movies plus a few cups of alcohol . 
  nice try , bulgaria , but we 're going to depopulate our country first . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  part of the reason is that the romanian government spends very little money on education and r&d -- we generally come in last place in the eu on these measures . 
  on the bright side , we have almost caught up with the innovation powerhouse that is the fyrom . 
  time to check romania 's standing on another economic ranking . 
  ah , it seems we are next to last , standing slightly better than the country which has the misfortune of being russia 's punching bag . 
  success !, 
  my guess is that the roi on r&d spending is no higher in romania than it is in western europe ( labor costs are lower in romania , but we also lack the knowledge base that western europe has ) , while the roi on infrastructure spending in much higher in romania than it is in western europe . 
  for example , once you have highways connecting your major cities , your economy wo n't be helped much by adding extra lanes -- but adding a highway between your first and second cities ( which romania lacks at present ) will considerably boost your economy . 
  and similar examples can be given with respect to indoor plumbing and so on . 
  the upshot , in my view , is that romania should spend a much greater portion of its budget on infrastructure compared to western europe , and therefore should spend less of its budget on other things -- including r&d . of course , the main problem romania faces is corruption . 
  we can debate whether we should spend $ x dollars on a new highway or spend $ x dollars to develop new railway signaling technology , but the government will ultimately decide to give $ x dollars to the prime minister 's nephew . 
  countries like romania are so far behind the curve that they would be better advised to spend money adopting existing technologies rather than developing new ones . 
  there are * many * low-hanging fruit to invest in : our road and rail infrastructure is the worst in the eu , our bureaucracy operates entirely with pen and paper , many people lack indoor plumbing , etc. 
  to make romania richer , we should invest in such things first . 
  exactly !, 
  please try beating us at our own game so we wo n't be the most corrupt country in the eu anymore . 
  no problem . 
  unlike other countries , we do n't brag about our successes -- we 're modest innovators . 
  i think it retains its value : one of the best ways to defend yourself against violent criminals is by ensuring they do n't have access to guns . 
  dragnea , the current leader of the psd , is facing serious legal problems due to his corruption . 
  so he installed a puppet prime minister , grindeanu , who would solve these problems the hard way -- by legalizing corruption and neutering the judiciary . 
  but grindeanu was met with huge protests and lost his nerve , so dragnea wants to replace him with a more pliant prime minister . 
  he has now taken the first step towards that goal : winning a vote of no confidence against grindeanu . 
  if he gets his druthers , it will be very bad news indeed for romania ; but whether he will remains to be seen . 
  in the us , slavery was outlawed in 1865 -- except for prisoners , who are often [ legally obliged ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/penal_labor_in_the_united_states ) to work for less than $ 1 per hour . 
  indeed , american courts have ruled that inmates are not entitled to any compensation for their labor , and that whatever pittance they receive is provided `` by the grace of the state '' . 
   `` soon the soldiers of the caliphate will walk through belgrade , zagreb , sarajevo , tirana , pristina , skopje and other cities , ripping off heads and shedding the blood of infidels , '' it warned . 
  congratulations , bulgaria !, 
  it looks like we can out of the balkans . 
  at least it sounds better than the initial title , the greater east europe co-prosperity sphere . 
  but that system did n't reflect the will of the american electorate . 
  i guess we have to agree to disagree , then . 
  the concept that two employees who perform the same job equally well should be paid the same amount strikes me as fair , not asinine . 
  the original poster 's claim was that the notion that a gender-based pay gap exists can be debunked ; that claim is patently false . 
  you are making the different claim that any pay gap that exists will * eventually * narrow . 
  this claim is more reasonable ; i would only add that one of the mechanisms for narrowing the pay gap should be political action . 
  also , note that in any society or large organization , biases * do n't * cancel each other out . 
  members of certain groups face * far * more discrimination and prejudice than members of other groups . 
  some say that many managers are incompetent , but this claim is easily debunked : only the people who most benefit a company are promoted . 
  others say that many democratically-elected leaders are fools , but this claim too can be easily debunked : nobody will elect a president who benefits the country less than his rivals . 
  for it is a well-known fact that humans are unerring machines without biases whose main purpose in life is to benefit the organizations of which they are part . 
  in the us , there are a [ few ] ( http://graphics.wsj.com/gender-pay-gap/ ) occupations in which women earn more than men , such as nutritionists . 
  whether that is due to sexism or not is another question . 
  employers can continue to give differential raises to employees on the basis of their performance . 
  if someone is performing better than someone else , that is an `` objective reason '' for paying that person more , and is therefore allowed . 
  this does n't strike me as unreasonable . 
  according to the article , `` an infraction is given when a pay gap can not be justified for objective reasons but is based on gender considerations . '', 
  it therefore seems that you can only run afoul of the law if you pay a woman less than an equally-qualified man who performs the same job . 
  yes , the pay gap is mostly explained by men being more likely to work in more lucrative occupations . 
  but we should still address the smaller portion of the pay gap that is due to sexism ( including any cases in which men are paid less than women ) . 
  so central and eastern european start-ups attracted 4 % as much funding as western european start-ups , which in turn attracted 8 % as much funding as american start-ups . 
  we 're really moving up in the world !, 
  it 's one thing to be averse to war with russia -- you 'd have to be insane to * want * such a war . 
  but barring estonia going leeroy jenkins on russia , such a war would begin with a russian invasion of eastern europe . 
  and since you mention the history of germany , let me remind you that british politicians attempted to save british lives by acquiescing to germany 's annexation of the sudetenland . 
  they did n't succeed . 
  the longer you allow aggression to proceed unchecked , the greater the cost of stopping it , and the fewer allies you 'll have on your side . 
  perhaps you do n't care about stopping russia at all . 
  fine -- just do n't pretend that you 're opposed to a war with russia under the aegis of nato , but would be a-ok with one under the aegis of the eu . 
  `` my god -- russian tanks have crossed into eastern europe !,
