yeah got that a couple of days ago and went straight in the bin was all bullshit, 
  they 're `` asylum seekers '' there should n't be a destination country . 
  if that 's the case then they should just be deported . 
  it 's really quite that simple . 
  they should be dealt with upon entering europe , but that does n't appear to be happening . 
  so france should deal with it , like other countries are with refugee camps . 
  punish them for what ? 
  we 're not punishing individuals but sanctioning the entire country . 
  ever closer union . 
  it 's going to have the power at some point anyway . 
  why not now . 
  france does n't appear to be handling anything . 
  in that logic then it 's pointless having any budgets set at all , let 's just spend money on whatever . 
  that money wouldnt be spent on those other things as its from the defence budget . 
  voters care about money and immigrants , since there is n't much more to be done about immigrants the stay campaign focuses on the second thing that is most important to voters . 
  the economy is going to go tits up if we leave , its going to happen , companies and markets do n't like change . 
  so stay is focusing on that as its a strong argument to stay . 
  edit : poll today was also 37 % leave 55 % stay so its not that close by that poll . 
  well technically sending an email to hong kong would still be slower than you emailing someone closer to you ... 
  that 's what your average voter cares about though, 
  you probably should , although it may be downvoted people may read it and take it as fact and continue to spout it . 
  you need to counter error/ignorance not just ignore it . 
  down-voted because it does n't fit the agenda , can we not just have a discussion . 
  as i 've said already in this damn post , he does n't speak for the uk government and anything he says should n't be taken as such , 
  and sometimes you 've got to be clear both to the country in question and to the wider world that as long as gibraltar wants to be british , britain will defend it . 
  which is reiterated regarding all disputes the uk has . 
  brexit is something else entirely where it was never really embraced by the uk and more of i guess since everyone else is doing it we should too . 
  i do n't think you can tie fascism to wanting to leave the european union . 
  depends how much he actually partakes in the house of lords and he 's a member of over 600 people and honestly the lords changes can just be ignored , they ca n't force through legislature or much really . 
  they oversee the passing of bills and give some amendments which as you can see from the brexit bill can just be ignored . 
  but he 's not part of government , he does n't make decisions he votes his conscience in the house of lords , but due to it 's size his vote is rather minor and he 's no more important that your standard mp . 
  actually an mp of any party in the house of commons would be more important than he is . 
  maybe it looks that way to you . 
  but here nothings changed , a lot of the stuff being said by those prominent ukipers are mostly ignored , most people do n't care . 
  the problem with the uk at the moment is the lack of opposition . 
  that 's the main issue , the sooner labour gets a new leader the better . 
  but a lot of what you 're noticing is just tabloid nonsense and nothing the actual people of the united kingdom would get behind . 
  you 're mixing up people , understandable there both called michael . 
  but the one you 're talking is just a lord and is n't actually part of the government . 
  you could also watch the entire interview by such government officials . 
  which will give the extra context rather than a snippet of the interview , 
  you 'll find people within parties have different views . 
  they all are n't one hive mind . 
  i have n't seen any fascism from the actual uk government . 
  then again maybe i 've missed something if you can link me anything ? 
  neither the foreign minister or defence minister just said about defending gibraltars interests . 
  that 's all that was said by them . 
  a former leader is a foot note which should n't be a paid attention to . 
  there 's definitely nothing fascist about the uk government . 
  ok then , person : `` would you defend yourself ? '', 
  intedasted : `` of course i would '' person : `` oh ok then '' better ? 
  of course , it 's more the nature in which news outlets have used the comments of a lord to spin this into some big story . 
  which i see happen a lot sadly . 
  i 'm not talking about that guy , no one should be talking about that guy . 
  he does n't speak for the uk government . 
  he 's an old guy in the lords who holds onto the past with an iron grip , but he 's opinion and anything he says is meaningless on brexit or anything at least foreign policy related . 
  * i 'll just copy and paste my reply , like you 're doing  *, 
  i do n't understand why anyone is paying any attention to him . 
  or why the opinion of such a man would mean the opinion of the uk government , it 's mind boggling . 
  i 'm not talking about that guy , no one should be talking about that guy . 
  he does n't speak for the uk government . 
  he 's an old guy in the lords who holds onto the past with an iron grip , but he 's opinion and anything he says is meaningless on brexit or anything at least foreign policy related . 
  luckily the position of the position of the government has been clarified by may , like they were expected to be . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-39475127 but honestly i think government officials have been saying exactly that the entire time . 
  papers just take snippets rather than full quotes from interviews . 
  which is what i 've been trying to say to everyone , listen to the government not this one guy who does n't have much of a say . 
  the lords is more for show , more so than anything else . 
  you know what i miss read your comment , you did n't mention the thread . 
  but i stand by my assertion that linking to the comment would be easier , 
  you 'd have to ask the uk government . 
  i do n't know if they 've commented on that though , 
  between the two comments you said i replied in the thread i looked you had n't . 
  i called you out , you then linked to a different thread saying it was there , 
  spain is never going to drop it . 
  it 's been a constant issue . 
  they 're always going to want gibraltar , unless a future government decides otherwise . 
  but this current government has aligned itself with wanting gibraltar and they ca n't change that path or be accused of back peddling . 
  the bed was already made before the uk replied to these comments . 
  it 's almost as if they 're two different things and is mostly to do with politics where you have to make it clear to everyone in the world that 'll you 'll defend this territory . 
  it 's almost like that 's the way things have been done for years . 
  like when ukraine was invaded and countries lined up to condemn russia and attempt to aid ukraine in defending itself . 
  it may just be that i do n't consider the words of an old guy who 's in the lords means much to anything in regards to brexit or any official matter . 
  i do n't expect the uk government to refute or condemn the claims he made as they may be inflammatory , he 's not wrong that the uk will defend gibraltar . 
  the uk will defend gibraltar has been repeated by every cabinet member since all this and is a pretty simple and clear message . 
  it 's not about war , it 's not about attacking no matter what some old codger says , it 's about standing by the people of gibraltar . 
  now you can hate the uk for leaving the eu and i completely understand that but the constant hyperbole that get 's chucked around is incredible . 
  `` we 'll nuke everyone '' , was that someone from the british government or just some idiot who 's opinion does n't actually matter , because if so it means two completely different things . 
  ridicule the idiots who make these claims , do n't throw the entire uk into the same category . 
  the act of superiority does n't shine well if all you do is shit on everyone else . 
  oh that guy yeah , he 's not the uk government , not even a high ranking official of the uk government . 
  what he says is pretty much meaningless . 
  what really matters is what the uk government , a secretary ( defence , foreign affairs , even farming or something i guess ) says about the issue . 
  the fact the media took the comments of some old fool in the lords and ran with it does n't mean that 's what the uk thinks . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/635u2f/spain_tells_uk_to_calm_down_over_gibraltarbrexit/dfrnbq1/ although this is tiresome , i just want you to know it 'd just be easier for you to link to the comment you made , if you 're going to give the whole i already answered that response . 
  so other people can quickly find it as well . 
  you know those are called cunts , most countries have them . 
  i prefer to ignore there childish statements and talk about the facts i know about . 
  no one is suggesting open warfare , the only thing that needs to be clear is the uk is there to defend gibraltars interests and it 'll stand by the nation until they do n't want the uk to anymore . 
  i do n't think anyone expected argentina to invade the falklands but there you go . 
  the world is always changing and it 's better to hold your position and answer a question clearly than attempt to dodge and cause a whole other load of issues .
