  it seems that if a question of sovereignty was posed to any government in the world that would declare that they would defend that territory . 
  what sabre rattling , what are you talking about . 
  the uk government have just said that they will defend gibraltar . 
  you can actually watch the defence secretary talk like that here . 
  the defence secretary handled it like a statesman as you can watch here . 
  i think you 're mixing up people . 
  a lord who is n't a member of the government made the inflammatory remarks . 
  the uk would i 'm pretty sure about this attack spain in the defence of gib , i actually imagine spain would find itself alone on that battlefield , as an attacker . 
  but he is n't a member of government , he 's an old guy with his hand bound tightly around the past who lives out his day in the lords with little else to do . 
  he does n't speak for the uk government and his views should n't mean more than any other member of the public . 
  what 're you talking about may and the uk government have just used the phrase we will defend gibraltar . 
  the old guy that holds onto the past , does not stand for the government and you 'll find people like that in most countries . 
  but this issue has n't remained buried unlike the others , it was still a strong issue , with frequent issues occurring , you just have to do a quick google and you 'll find quite a few , 2013 had a lot if i remember rightly . 
  but what i 'm saying is the eu did n't bury this issue like it has with others , it remains on the surface and brexit just gave it a megaphone rather than quite rumblings as a day to day goings on . 
  i think you 're just reading the papers and not actually what the uk government is saying . 
  they 've repeated the phrase we will defend gibraltar but beyond that they 've said much else . 
  defend does n't just mean defence , it regards defending the will of the people of gibraltar . 
  that was some lord that made that comment , pretty inflammatory but accurate all the same , in the event that gibraltar was taken by force the uk government would likely do something similar to what happened with the falklands . 
  it has been asked multiple times by the press and the uk government ca n't ignore such a questions so gave a clear answer that they would defend gibraltar . 
  there 's nothing wrong with that , all countries would do that . 
  the question was posed rather lightly to the defence secretary michael fallon regarding whether the uk would defend gibraltar all the way . 
  so i guess someone was talking about it yes . 
  well you clearly have n't been following the news much regarding gibraltar , such discussion is n't out of nowhere , spain had been talking about joint sovereignty for months after the referendum . 
   `` acting foreign minister jose manuel garcia-margallo expressed his hope that `` the spanish flag on the rock '' was now `` much closer '' to reality . '', 
  [ http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/gibraltar-spain-brexit-eu-referendum-sovereignty-a7100351.html] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/gibraltar-spain-brexit-eu-referendum-sovereignty-a7100351.html ), 
  thank you , i can have terrible grammar when typing long sentences and not going back to check afterwards . 
  radical language ? 
  we will defend gibraltar all the way , what 's radical about that . 
  it 's accurate and clearly shows the uk governments position on the subject . 
  which i believe is more directed at gibraltar than at spain , spain already knows the uks views but who you 're defending often need reminding that you still will of course defend them . 
  the uk is taking a very clear view regarding the sovereignty of gibraltar , they will defend the will of the people of gibraltar , sorry if you do n't agree with it . 
  i would n't say there 's anything aggressive the uk government has said , that they will defend gibraltar . 
  also why condemn an accurate view , if gibraltar was attacked by force then it would be taken back by force and defended completely although i believe the comments were inflammatory , i believe he was simply answering a question regarding it . 
  why condemn the comments , they are perhaps inflammatory but accurate all the same , in the event of gibraltar being attacked the uk would defend them in much the same way as the uk did with the falkland islands . 
  it 's of course not something anyone wants and is unlikely to ever happen , but you ca n't condemn or refute comments like that because it 's what would have to happen . 
  war is n't being declared there is no possibility of the uk starting war with spain unless spain attacks gib . 
  the uk is reassuring gibraltar that in the event spain wants sovereignty by force or by any other means that the people of gibraltar do n't agree with , the uk will defend them . 
  it 's always been a lingering issue and following the referendum joint sovereignty of gibraltar was suggested repeatedly . 
  the uk saying it will defend gibraltar does not mean military action against spain . 
  it means gibraltar will be defended if the need ever arises . 
  it would 've been just the same while in the eu , just now it makes for a great headline and it 's an unavoidable talking point because of brexit . 
  but then what would gibraltar think if the uk was so blas\u00e9 about the defence of gibraltar . 
  politics is n't quite so black and white , but showing where the uk stands on gibraltar now will likely be better in the long run . 
  spain probably would 've pushed for more if the uk had acted indifferently to it . 
  all it took was a single google and there were pages of articles on it , but here 's one by the independent from a couple of months ago about such a claim . 
  [ http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/gibraltar-spain-brexit-eu-referendum-sovereignty-a7100351.html] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/gibraltar-spain-brexit-eu-referendum-sovereignty-a7100351.html ) you might want to read my comment , i did n't specifically say this article i said the question had been posed repeatedly . 
  what 're you talking about . 
  the answer concurrently given by the uk government is they will defend gibraltar when the question is posed to them . 
  i do n't know what is n't mature about that . 
  i think you 're looking to much into the words of it , the answer always given is we will defend gibraltars sovereignty and then the reporter pushes further asking the question regarding physical defence and just like before they confirm that they will defend gibraltar all the way . 
  they ca n't just dodge the question as it then looks like they wo n't defend gibraltar and looks worse , they 're trying to give the basic answer to all the questions being asked . 
  then it 's being spun by the media that war will be declared next week . 
  but it has always been put into question , just because it was n't mentioned does n't mean the idea does n't linger . 
  joint sovereignty was firmly suggested straight after the referendum , by the then foreign minister of spain and was spoken at length up until his departure . 
  the uk government needs to be firm that they support the people of gibraltar and will defend them . 
  but i do n't think anyone from the government has said anything about declaring war , simply defending gibraltar . 
  `` the spanish government is a little surprised by the tone of comments coming out of britain , a country known for its composure , '' not really sure what he 's talking about , nearly all the comments bar one lord have been of course we 'll defend gibraltars sovereignty . 
  unless he 's just reading the more sensational british papers . 
  as has been said repeatedly said a hypothetical question was asked regarding sovereignty of gibraltar . 
  the answer being that the uk would defend gibraltar . 
  take extra care in the event of this sort of incident , stay indoors would be one way . 
  avoid tourist destinations as they 're likely locations for a second attack . 
  some things that i would do , to avoid risks in an event like we 're seeing in london . 
  take extra care , avoid any risks etc that 's what it means . 
  so brexit would n't take a decade then , 
  you 're ignoring facts , in this day and age northern ireland is part of the united kingdom , you can complain about the past , how it never should have been split etc etc. 
  but legally as of me writing this northern ireland is part of the united kingdom . 
  no matter what anyone 's ideological belief is . 
  but brazil is n't a part of portugal , whereas northern ireland is a part of the united kingdom , you can hate the way things are but do n't ignore the facts . 
  so as for the original point , it 's up to the people of that place that wishes to leave the united kingdom or any other country , such as catolonia leaving spain , or scotland leaving the uk . 
  it 's up to those people to decide whether they leave or stay . 
  so should all british citizens get a vote on whether ni can leave the united kingdom ? 
  no , but that 's the logic you 're using . 
  this is all well and good , but if splitting the uk from the eu is expected to take at least 2 years if not more , the time it 'll take to split scotland from r/uk will be a lot longer and until that process is complete joining the eu wo n't really be possible . 
  definitely , but it 's all going to be down to negotiations between r/uk and iscotland , but there 's going to be a lot more problems in those negotiations and will definitely take more then 2 years to split r/uk and iscotland, 
  but most of those 10 % will likely continue with the british military , as i expect all will be given the option to , like how commonwealth countries can be part of the military , for a secure pension at the end of it etc. 
  significant portion ? 
  scotland is less than 1/10 the population of r/uk . 
  they 're definitely all being refitted . 
  it 's a small part of the pump that 's causing the problems i believe . 
  it does also say in your article :p `` in 2015 , the uk became the first country in the world to specifically make mitochondrial replacement legal . 
  the uk 's regulator will decide whether it is safe enough to proceed on 15 december . 
  if they decide to let it go ahead , the country 's first three-parent babies are likely to be conceived in 2017 . '', 
  near the bottom . 
  `` wider use '', 
  looks like it was a joke ... 
  because i imagine it has a lot to do with custody and in britain i 'd hope we live in a society we respect religions , as long as they do n't harm others etc. 
  even if i do n't agree with it , the parent has who has custody , likely the mother has the final say . 
  it 's the mother that 's complaining about this . 
  the court has ruled it 's not ok if the mother does n't agree the child should be exposed to it . 
  you 'll find that 's the case in most countries . 
  what are you talking about . 
  this is a ultra-orthodox jewish satmar mother , who is divorcing the father and is complaining that the father has helped there children learn about evolution which is against there religion . 
  so not at all english level of retardedness and simply religious faith . 
  what good will ? 
  there was nothing about the negotiations before article 50 was triggered . 
  i do n't think there was ever any good will , just political posturing on both sides . 
  it was produced by a british production company and / u/sebgggg did have produced in the quote . 
  it involves the european union , a sensitive issue for the united kingdom at the moment . 
  yeah , i assumed chile would n't support argentina , but i did n't check .
