how did bulgaria get so big ? 
  way to live upto your inner-russian, 
  hamburg ... i do n't know why but , its a german trade empire . 
  disclaimer , i found this on the internet , and i did not direct my countrymen to pose for the picture . 
  constantinople recovered !, 
  my first game ever , i was playing with spain , and no dlc , barely had any world awareness , and when at one point i looked at central germany i saw a huge gray blob , it attacked me and when i saw its armies i alt f4 'd and cried . 
  i think you should have gone after the frenchies sooner , now when they have elan and a bunch of other op ideas you kinnda got ta leave them on the backburner till you got about twice their forcelimit, 
  greatest empire that will always live . 
  is that ... a legit event ? 
  castilian tradition , lets it fabricate claim on any overseas territory . 
  can fabricate claims on any overseas province , provided it is overseas for its owner, 
  +1 colonists, 
  you get extra ae if you take stuff or vassalize people who arent belligerents in a war . 
  make bulgaria great again !, 
  damn , dogs make us look like horrible creatures in comparison, 
  yeah , that 's true but , what the dog represents is unwavering loyalty . 
  subsidise, 
  aww man , you 're so innocent and cute , in a couple hundred hours , look back at this post , and just remember , how innocent you were . 
  likewise , i would be eternally grateful if someone were to spare one . 
  i would love a beta key to get my inner pvp min-maxing beast a fix of what looks to be my next crack cocaine , there 's nothing like getting with friend to murder strangers and steal their goods !, 
  catholic bulgarians ... ? 
  what kind of heresy is this ?? 
  should i make a separate post to ask about the wipe ? 
  or sit and pray vasa notices me ? 
  alright thanks , i 'll just buy in to support this crazy cool idea . 
  and on the other side you have the average min-maxing hardcore pvper, 
  is it the uk ? 
  great britain . 
  oh ... you 're right , derp . 
  thanks, 
  amazing story . 
  by the way this wp reminds me of an anime plot where a dude is allowed to go back in time to save his mother . 
  it 's called erased if anyone is curious . 
  i believe they capped aggressive expansion from pus to about 30 or so . 
  i believe he got a pu over them through the event . 
  the multiplayer save game broke . 
  my placements were all with a 5/6stack and ended in 9-1 , got placed 2600 , last season high was 2800 and ended on 2500 u.u, 
  bootiful, 
  maybe remove naval forcelimits and have as many ships as sailors you have to support them ? 
  bulgaria stronk ! , make bulgaria great again , restore old borders !, 
  tigers in the mud by otto carius a ww2 tiger ace who survived the war and wrote about his * adventures * during the war, 
  with the shark skins for roadhog , during game start he sometimes goes : hehehe yarr, 
  honestly , her face looks a lot more like shani , she should try cosplaying as her , might get an interesting result . 
  how did you handle the ae ? 
  bohemia was podre , with a hohen heir , who died , prematurely . 
  eventually leading to a single leader who died and caused a succession war between hungary and bohemia, 
  whats the flag mod you 're using for bulgaria ? 
  burgas is rightful balkanstaaten clay . 
  poor bulgaria , it has ptsd of all traitorous neighbours . 
  if you can do the editing magic , it would look a lot better , if you do n't cut mid-fight to switch to another angle . 
  a bit like in the actual john wick movie , which is why i believe the movies action scenes look so good . 
  that said , this , done all by yourself is truly remarkable . 
  good job . 
  is it though , really ? 
  since those 2 countries are very adamantly orthodox . 
  and technically , catholics are seen as heretics most people and families have probably converted long ago , meanwhile there may be secluded communities of catholics in turkey . 
  i. . . did not know that , but the dynasties are still pretty messed up . 
  as nagaur , have germany be formed by the ai , and the only province it owns is nagaur . 
  while you own all of germany . 
  maybe it has something to do with your parents growing up themselves , and coming to the realisation that the restrictions they put upon you were too much , tried talking to them ? 
  dads to love their daughters , although sometimes they have a tendency to overlove them , and get overly protective . 
  ah ha ... * takes notes * interesting , tell me more . 
  i think in a situation like that , the parents are just happy that their son can still walk , and is alive , and the pain he felt during that was probably enough of a lesson for him to never do that again . 
  way to grab life by the horns !, 
  glad to see that you were unbroken . 
  so , what happeend was , after the crash , it said * regent takes power * thing is , that was n't my regent , but she had decent stats so i was like * ok * and now i have this . 
  learn 1-2 heroes , and play nothing but them . 
  battle beats < 3, 
  back in black - ac/dc, 
  how 'd it go ? 
  aaaaanchlusssss , this is slightly before hitler invaded poland , so yeah no czechoslovakia or austria !, 
  meanwhile when i play rein and earthshatter , someone who is on a slight incline above me does n't get stunned , like for a clutch stun on hanamura or hollywood last point . 
  during the 19th century , you can imagine just how dirty the air was in cities , since industry was still in its infancy and it was very dirty, 
  by beating people up and stealing their gold . 
  that even to this day , parents are waaay more liberal towards their sons , and faaaar more uptight and strict with their daughters . 
  i assume you mean the one where geralt chases down the last crone to a hut in the swamp ? 
  because yeah , i cried there too and that 's the ending i got too . 
  according to the witcher we 'd make for bad parents =(, 
  what piques my curiosity is why the bulgarian and greek turks are more in favour of a no compared to the german/dutch, 
  must be quite the story to tell at parties . 
  let 's not get more political in here . 
  wow , what did he do to piss of the poles so bad ? 
  if you had to choose one religion for the world to follow , which would it be and why ? 
  maybe try pulling off a pompus smile , something to make it look like you own the world , might make you look like a better fit . 
  any celtic specialist who can solve my conundrum ? 
  why are bulgaria and scotland the only 2 countries that i know of , atleast which use bagpipes as an old traditional instrument ? 
  if you look for it , you can find warcraft 3 co-op campaign , created by the community , its some really high quality and would highly recommend to any rts fan who is looking for a coop experience , that and red alert 3 !, 
  which has a campaigned built from the ground up with the idea of coop in mind, 
  well . 
  if a woman is going o commit to raising kids and work and not pursue a career . 
  she would have her own fears of abandonment . 
  and there would be no legal reason for the man to support her and his child . 
  and marriage is a way to ease that problem . 
  yeah man , i know how you feel , it really drains me how i have to take all the initiative for every relationship , just once i want to be the one hit on by a girl or asked out to do something she planned out and just be along for the ride for once, 
  that i 'm a super social and outgoing womaniser when in reality i do n't even enjoy sex or relationships and all i want is to skype with my really really really weird , no fucked up friends from around europe , and play games all day . 
  it 's not that i want to , or that i do n't enjoy talking with people every once in a blue moon , but when i 'm forced out of.my cave more often i start feeling exhausted and drained and no amount of sleep or coffee can help . 
  the only way for me to get my spirits up is a day at home unbothered, 
  well i exaggerated when i used terms like drag out , but really i ca n't maintain a relationship _ moreover i do n't enjoy them . 
  and the op asked as to what im a poser in , to which i replied i kind of faked being social ... 
  since i was bad at it because i was gaming all the time ...
