belgium exists out of necessity from times ages past ( namely the british needing a buffer state to pump their trade into europe without the german states and french monarchy/republic cutting each other to bits for important port cities ) and continues to exist because the belgians want it to continue to exist . 
  mate its called insulate for the winter !, 
  mate fuck the continental wank that they serve for breakfast . 
  bread and juice is not a breakfast . 
  i 'll have me fry up any day few rashers , saussies and beans with a fresh slice of real butter on toast and maybe a bit of pudding . 
  people who do n't live on the islands dont know how to eat . 
  roast beef on sunday or what have you . 
  and fish and chips from the right place is like my taste buds are being carressed by a greasy god of seduction . 
  and the alternative is to work until death as a working poor wage slave like an american with no job security . 
  i 'll take my month off work thank you . 
  that trend is only from the 1950 's . 
  in 1870 's to 1905 germany went from 40million to 60 million . 
  the reality is if you look at a population pyramid of germany compared to somewhere like usa you can still see the pupulation ripples from the two great wars causin demographic instability . 
  most countrys should be trending towards a shape aking to a cucumber wearing a dunce hat but germany 's still looks like it has been chewed by an angry dog . 
  we are witnessing the birth and propagation of the tyranny of shortsighted idealists who refuse to acknowledge the real world . 
  thats nearly 1 % of the population of eu per year ( 0.73 % ), 
  its a skill . 
  you know its crazy , but it just might work . 
  welcome back from the dead bismark . 
  aye , ca n't we all just drink black bush and enjoy the smell of cows . 
  i did ask a question and you answered it . 
  thank you for your answer , but there are others who would disagree !, 
  i * am * talking about the legitimacy of the article . 
  just stating that danish women live shorter lives than other western european nations ( which can be a pretty arbitrary definition depending on the writer ) is not newsworthy materials . 
  if they had discovered a * why * or a * how * this difference arose or even a comparison to previous years position in the western european ranking it would be news . 
  but no it literally just states pointless bullshit . 
  closing points * i 'm not offended please do not attribute emotions to me . 
  take my words literally . 
  * i never mentioned sexism . 
  * i never mentioned mra or sjw . 
  i would prefer not to be labelled with terms associated with hate movements . 
  * the title of the reddit post says `` danish women ... '' do you can excuse me for skipping the title of the artical and reading the main body . 
  basically imagine a curious mind who reads `` breaking news : rocks fall when dropped '' and there is no explanation in the artical on * why * rocks fall , or the fact that feathers fall slower is never adressed . 
  i hope that is adequate explanation with why i find the article to be poontless drivel !, 
  edit : i misread a part of your post and corrected a mistake . 
  a lot of german and irish americans were pretty against the us joining the war , especially on the side of britain . 
  consider that there were 500 + german language newpaper publications accross america in the early 1900 's and a good few million irish americans who were raised with hatred in their belly for the british . 
  many of them felt that the us was also being unreasonable and unfair to the central powers by exclusively trading with britain and france and russia [ considering germany was blockaded i mean thats a pretty difficult thing to conduct trade as the brits would stop any merchant ship bound for germany and seize the contents ] and by trade , generally it meant loaning massive sums of money to the allies and then they spend that money on american manufactured armaments and weapons . 
  additionally wilson 's administration were insisting that any ship with an american citizen on them - even a belligerent nation like britain or france was an unacceptable target for german submarines which frustrated the german diplomats [ i mean in fairness to them they even took advertisements out in american newspapers warning american citizens would be in danger if they travelled the atlantic on ship ] to the point that it was one of the driving forces that lead to the unmuzzling and unrestricted submarine warfare and subsequent entering of the us into the war . 
  wilson 's administration was the government that managed to transform a traditionally isolationist country into an interventionist one [ it was n't a lightbulb switch but the change happened over time ] . 
  consider that the nation 's first president basically left office with a speach about not getting entangled in european wars because no matter how noble the cause of american involvement that the nation would be tarnished with the brush of imperialism and so forth . 
  realistically though by the point the americans joined the war britain had underwritten an absolutely gargantuan amount of money . 
  and the old saying goes , if you owe the bank a little money you 've got to worry about the bank . 
  but if you owe the bank a lot of money they 've got to worry about you . 
  in otherwords american thinkers were worried what would happen if britain lost and could n't repay the loans . 
  it woulda been pretty devastating . 
  i do n't know what that has to do with anything , i only really play dota2 so i dont really read games journalism . 
  but heres what i 'm talking about directly quoted from the article . 
   a girl born in denmark in 2011 can expect to life to 82.1 years of age  denmark 's life expectancy figures , however , are above the average of 80.3 years for women and 73.1 years for men among the 52 countries included in who 's european region . 
  point out anything factually wrong with what i wrote . 
  this article is one of the worst and pointless pieces of shit i 've ever seen slide out of the bowels of an `` online journalist '' . 
  they are literally writing an article whining about the fact that denmark 's women have one of the best life expectancies but are just barely a statistical deviation lower than their geological peers . 
  this is n't even slightly news . 
  what * would * be news is something discovering * why * women in denmark live shorter or why men live 7 years shorter than women . 
  considering the data should the news not be `` men live shortest lives in the world '' who warn ? 
  `` a small group of women apparently follow logical statical conclusions and have the lowest life expectancy of the nations in the world that have the highest life expectancy , who pointlessly whines . '', 
  would be a more appropriate title for what i read . 
  100 + years of this shit is starting to get old . 
  the reality is that everyone has been afraid of germany since even before the unification in the late 1800s . 
  the goose stepping , militarism , collective punishment are all very prussian ideas . 
  the thing that really terrified people about the germans is that they were doing everything and making it look easy : and they were just an upstart country that was brand new compared to all the old countries that had existed for centuries or more . 
  the martial and militarism of a people in arms trained to a quality other states could n't afford . 
  a people who despite their militarism engaged in a rich and intellectual culture . 
  a people who 's industry was screaming ahead at a lightning pace . 
  a people who were steaming ahead in technology and science without breaking a sweat . 
  when we think of ww2 nazis , we are really just seeing a corruption of the german war machine of ww1 , and the german war machine of ww1 was just a logical continuation of prussian idealism . 
  thats why you are treated as such today . 
  europe needs a central state like germany to be a guiding firm but fair leader . 
  but many people are still afraid of germans and germany and that fear manifests as what you stated above . 
  and the thing is you guys are still doing it , incredible amounts of science and technology is developed in germany . 
  all of the things that made people afraid of germany you guys are still doing ( the nazism is discounted in this statement ) except the military part , despite the fact that you have had nearly a century of population devasting demographic issues ( read : wars ) and social scars from the events of the century . 
  computer games seem to be super popular in poland . 
  organised criminals in turkey ? 
  either way it would be interesting to see if there is a co-relation . 
  what the fuck . 
  coathanger clinics was a more interesting explanation but ah well . 
  you know despite romania 's shithole reputation i 'd quite like to live there for stuff like this . 
  yeah eh , there was this cd from a few years back . 
  a few young wans doing the dirt on camera - when theres only one city [ the rest of ireland is ferms right ? 
  ] , you ca n't escape something like . 
  considering potato consumption is worth 162million euros per year in ireland , more than double the second place tomato at 74million euros , and how it ties into our national identity a couple million to support a market that occupies 87 + square kilometers [ 21.5 k acres ] { 10,750 football fields } of farmland is n't that out of touch with reality . 
  that 8.7 km ^ 2 would cover an area roughly equivalent to downtown dublin . 
  it amounts to about 0.01 % of the total landmass of ireland . 
  considering an acre of farmland in ireland is valued at roughly 10,500 euroes thats about 225,750,000 euros worth of farmland that the eu is giving money to support . 
  considering only 16.8 % of the landmass of ireland is currently arable or cultivated that 8.7 km ^ 2 land represents about 0.075 % of the total active farmland in ireland . 
  also consider that 80 % of the arable land in ireland is used to grow grass [ for that delicious beef we ship all over europe ! ], 
  and 10 % is for crops that 8.7 km ^ 2 represents about 0.75 % of the total cropland in ireland . 
  so yeah , a few million euro to support our biggest crop in terms of consumption is n't that big deal of things considering the grand scale of things . 
  i did not say the discussions on reddit are the foundation and load bearing walls please stop misinterpreting and misrepresenting my position . 
  my words are very clear and literal there is no interpretation required . 
  an informed discussion with an expert in the field who can disseminate information , answer questions , clear up misconceptions and provide insights when needed is far better than a bunch of people sitting around grumbling , and spreading misinformation ( accidentally usually ) . 
  i have spent a long time around people and i assure you that you would be amazed at how many people will take the first thing they hear on a subject as fact without scrutiny . 
  i would prefer that someone with facts on their side could be present in a discussion . 
  i never said the discussion on here had to include that . 
  please again , stop misinterpreting and misrepresenting my position . 
  reddit itself tends to be made of priveledged and educated people primarily . 
  so discussions on here would not necessarily represent an average discussion . 
  i 've used the word educated probably a bit improperly . 
  i shall have to look for a more appropriate word like informed or something . 
  education implies academia , which has its merit but is not what i was primarily talking about .
