  imagine being absolutely desolately impovereshed for 5 years scraping and scrounging a bare subsistence life with near no income outside state subsidies and being told you live too frivilously . 
  i 'd be pissed off too . 
  the problem is in the initial stage - they implemented the solution and assumed it worked , when the countries who recovered could have easily recovered despite the solution 's effects while in another country is exacerbated the problems and made them worse . 
  it is not as simple as taking a solution from one place and implementing it in another - this sort of thinking is why aid money spent in a lot of african countries is so ineficient , because a sucess story is made and then that solution is implemented on a large scale without fully understanding what made it work where it did and why - the logic of taking a solution from one place and applying it elsewhere is sound on the surface . 
  as always the devil is in the details . 
  i mean , from what i have read greece more or less implemented the austerity measures but saw very little benifit - i 'm not saying the measures are the cause of the worsening problem - its entirely possible that the scale of the problem in greece was so astronomical that absolutely no program would have brought about significant changes in their national economic outlook . 
  politically we 're playing pin the tail on the donkey , from what i can tell we do n't have the data to know if austerity measures that were implemented actually help or not - since to my knowledge they were relatively untested in a modern globalized economy - as far as i 'm aware moust countries in greeces situation throughout history collapsed due to civil/revolutionary war . 
  take france before the revolution - crippled with debt and yet the governing bodies could n't implement plans to get control of the state debt because of political pushback . 
  its entirely possible that the austerity measures were un-implementable due to public outcry and pushback . 
  i mean werent there riots pretty consistently in greece since 2010 ? 
  i 'm not saying tou are wrong , but i am cautioning you to the danger of dogmatic economic thought . 
  i dont know how you came to that end of the conversation . 
  what i am warning against is pan-solutionism , or basically taking a solution from one place and putting it in effect in another place without taking account of the variables that might make the solution untenable in the other place . 
  what works in iceland might work in america , what works in ireland might work in greece , but it also might not . 
  this is a possibility we must keep in mind when discussing greece and the eurozone crisis lest we fall into the trap of black and white rhetoric . 
  what works in one village may not work in another . 
  i find it fascinating that people talk about `` ireland taking its medicine and being on the mend '' while `` greece shake their head back and forth refusing to take theirs . '', 
  this sort of pan solutionism is incredibly dangerous and damaging thinking . 
  what works in one village does not automatically work in another . 
  greece 's sickness is different from irelands ( who can rely on massive fdi to increase jobs and gdp ) while greece was a much poorer country per capita before the crisis and had a whole slew of other issues like corruption and buearocratic waste . 
  i find it incredibly disengenuos , intellectually dishonest and morally bankrupt to try and force the greek people to suffer because the medicine is n't working . 
  when a patient says the treatment is n't working but making them worse you dont beat them with a stick and force feed their pills - you find another treatment . 
  and an absolutely inhuman amount of that aid gets eaten up by poor decision making , corruption in the country recieving aid . 
  the problem for how much we are giving is n't the amount , but the implementation - do you know what i could do with a billion dollars ? 
  now imagine if my incentive was to do nothing with it because next year i will get another billion dollars for just slippinh a few million to my friends and making a token effort to meet my targets . 
  we have created aid money junkies , instead of teaching them to fish , we have taught them that learning to fish just means we wont give them fish for free . 
  edit : i 'm amazed i 'm being downvoted for facts in a discussion : look up what gets done with all the aid money that is sent to africa in particular : they spend less than 10 % on developing their agriculture and industry sectors , 30-40 % is spent inassive bloated government commitees . 
  we 've turned being a member of government in africa a business oppurtunity rather than a way to serve and guide the people of your nation . 
  educate yourselves . 
  correct , even in 1910s the phrase globalization was used to argue that any war could n't be sustained for more than a short while due to economic inter-reliance . 
  what they didnt anticipate was countries willingness , ability and power to turn their countries into arms factories with the sole purpose of pounding young men into marmalade in muddy holes filled with despair and death . 
  we are a more enlightened people now , but i dont doubt that we 're only a generation from falling back into old habits of we take the wrong course and decide humanarmalade is on the menu again . 
  why dont we just gun the down on the med ? 
  bullets are cheaper than deportation . 
  / s we should be accepting refugees/immigrants - the problem is we 're not screening them for society . 
  things like speaking a major european language , having skills in demand , priority for people persecuted outside europe ( atheists , apostates , people who are targets of ethnic violence ) and coming from societies which are compatible with european values ( tolerance , freedom and democracy ) . 
  when you increase the amount of low-skill , low education people in a country who we have enough trouble trying to help an elevate our own to better standards of living you just increase pressures , sow seeds for ethnic and religious tensions ( which is something we want to avoid ) . 
  people who do n't fit the bill ? 
  resettle them somewhere outside europe and fund local projects for community building - train them in basic skills like construction of water treatment , infrastructure , and other skills which could be used to effectively help them build a home for themselves that they can be proud , live in and carve their own little safe haven on earth . 
  and then we need to start spending our aid money smarter on projects that actually help the places they come from be more stable , prosperous and safe . 
  the world outside of europe is bursting at the seams with poverty , if we want immigrants to stop coming we need to help them build a world like the one we have , instead of the current faffing about back and forward with no actual long term solution for these people and their plight . 
  major challenges are a : political will , b : where , who , how and how much ? 
  c : i could write a book on the problems , but i wont . 
  [ edit : mfw i 'm literally describing the american system and simply adding a step further where we offer help to the people who do n't fit in european society and i get downvoted . 
  ] ( https://38.media.tumblr.com/b4be9ce07cd8bfef5558e894922392b4/tumblr_mh58novhhb1s0a6n4o1_400.gif ), 
  to be fair , this is n't / r/europeanfactsbasedreasoning . 
  this is / r/europe , which is worrying because the people who inhabit this subreddit are likely people who are educated . 
  horde is generally used with a connotation of uncovilised savagery - see mongol horde , germany being called `` huns '' during ww1 , horde alliance in warcraft and orc hordes in warhammer . 
  people dont use the word horde to refer to the roman legions , but they do of the germanic tribesmen . 
  it would be fairly safe to say that the single biggest pressure on english language adoption by the irish was socio-economic . 
  the others had an impact , but economic pressures were the largest and most consistent pressure over the centuries . 
  thank fuck . 
  it probably helps that being irish is viewed positively in the modern world in general , that might impact people finding it easy to say `` i 'm irish !, 
  i mean you do n't see an awful lot of people going around saying `` i 'm a jew and proud ! '' . 
  theres probably a bunch of reasons explaining this , but i would wager a part of it is due to anti-semitism . 
  i would say that way back , the majority of people who emigrated were not doing it as a decision . 
  it was a final resort and the older generations would have held on to their forgotten home as a source of identity in a nationalism dominatied world of the late 1800 's and early 1900 's . 
  the majority of migrants did so under great duress , famine , war , poverty or oppression . 
  lets not forget that irish people being generally biewed in a positive light in general on a global scale is a rather recent development . 
  escaping famine and poverty in a literal floating coffin ship to be treated and considered as dirt for meager pay across an ocean probably left a bad taste in some people 's mouths and could explain why there is still an emotional attatchment to the homeland . 
  its the similar as to why the jewish people wanted a homeland - its a place for their people to just `` be '' . 
  it may be 2015 , but the human brain is still largely a tribal organ . 
  even myself personally for no discernable rational reason have a love of my country and people , for the familiarity and culture comforts that exist around me - even though in a global world nationalism has basically waned , theres still a part of us that identifies with a `` tribe '' . 
  theres also something about the people on this little island that is hard to define in verbal or written words but exists in a raw emotional sub conscious level . 
  also for thousands of years dynastic ties and ancestry was the defining characteristic for a persons global , social and political standing aswell as their economic wealth . 
  born in the right family and you were a lord or a king , born in the wrong you were property to one . 
  the concept of genetix or cultural lineage has always and probably will always have relevance to the individual , if not on a global scale . 
  i 've never really been irritated by it . 
  i can understand why the homeland is so important even generations later . 
  if does n't stop me making fun of them . 
  it was n't so much as a `` hey this whole germany thing seems like a great idea '' as much of a `` fuck the brits , rerureru ! '' . 
  its important to remember that not 25 years before the war britain was still the unwanted sovereign over ireland and had crushed rebellions and attempts at independence pretty brutally throughout our history together . 
  ireland had not a decade earlier fought a civil war . 
  and in the 6 years in the run up to the breakout of war in europe ireland and britain had been engaged in a bitter trade war that left ireland in pretty bad shape economically . 
  throw in the mix of violence and tensions of the northern ireland question and you 've got a recipe for a population feeling pretty anti-british [ english more specifically ] . 
  the government of ireland was staunchly neutral as they could be imprisoning downed pilots of both sides [ but occasionally letting the allied pilots slip back into britain through the north and one confirmed kill on a german prisoner who tried to escape from oldcastle prison ] , but the dissident ira was working with german intelligence `` abeswehr '' ( ? 
  ) [ rather innefectively ] , stealing munitions and weapons , killing policemen and blowing up bombs in england - which is why you can thank them for not having bins in train stations anymore . 
  not to mention that ireland wanted no part of the war in general , but the commonwealth , and the people who spoke on it 's behalf , basically considered ireland to be at war alongside britain and popular rhetoric at the time was that ireland was merely a disobedient child refusing to defend it 's friends and comrades [ which i will admit is a pretty fair position from a british perspective , geopolitically ireland and the uk must be on the same side in any conflict , anything else leaves ireland either an enemy of an extremely powerful neighbour or an easy target for britain 's enemies to launch an attack on great britain herself from - either way ireland 's pretty screwed . ], 
  however you can see how this rhetoric would be unpopular in ireland . 
  if i recall correctly about 5,000-10 ,000 irish soldiers deserted to fight the war , mostly on the side of the allies which at the time was a major problem and the government took a `` meh '' approach to prosecuting them instead penalizing their wages and pensions for the period of desertion as court marshalling that many people would have been horrendously expensive for the government . 
  not to mention that irish strategic defence politics at that time [ and still to this day ] revolved around any aggression against ireland would have pulled the us into the conflict almost instantaneously owing to the large irish emigrant population and the good relations with the us aswell as the us being afraid of ireland being used as a staging area against britain and the us . 
  it was a dark time for every country , but i am agreed this whole european union thing is n't all that bad . 
  spanish people talk about sex a lot , even from age like 11-13 . 
  whenever i hung out with spanish exchange students or dudes on holiday they constantly talked about leaving their nuts hanging out of chicks . 
  now that i 'm into my 20 's all my spanish friends still talk about sex all the time . 
  it has to be the sunshine . 
  it does something to them . 
  italians are kinda greasy , not in like a negative way but when you spend your life in a hot as balls country you notice everyone has a very thin layer of sweat , even at night time . 
  they also probably have some of the biggest balls collectively as a people to drive on their underfunded mountain roads . 
  seriously , i had to have my eyes closed half the time driving around a mountain . 
  the road was n't wide enough and they would beep each other as they rounded corners so as not to end up as meaty shrapnel at the bottom of a cliff . 
  germans are loud when they are comfortable . 
  not like obnoxiously loud , but a lot louder than when they 're just out and about . 
  so my rule of thumbs with germans is if they are not loud they are probably not comfortable or drunk enough . 
  scottish people are basically mildly ugly irish ( sorry ) people with a more fatalistic approach to self destruction and fun . 
  i mean thats not too unexpected but what threw me off is how well educated even the bloke stealing your wallet speaking an unintelligeble version of english was . 
  the french like fart jokes , a lot , for some reason . 
  a friend i made in france literally squatted on a wall as we waited for one of his friends and made fart noises for a solid minute . 
  when said friend arrived he started making fart noises back at him . 
  i do n't know what to do with this information other than `` pbbth '' .
