  i. . . what ? 
  i 'm not the one * actively advocating armed conflict over a disagreement * . 
  rise to power ? 
  are you actually insane , did you even read what you wrote ? 
  how far up your ass is your head ? 
  do you stick it up their in order to fill your mouth with the bullshit you are spewing forth ? 
  `` how dare they run their country in a successful fashion '', 
  blackmail ? 
  you are equating this to blackmail ? 
  that is absolutely absurd !, 
  how the fuck is this blackmail ? 
  they 're going to take money away ( that they gave you by the way ) to help pay for the proposed solution to the problem that you are refusing to help with . 
  its not blackmail . 
  i suggest you open a dictionary and educate yourself . 
  there are tangible benifits and intangible ones . 
  direct money from eu would be tangible . 
  how much money you get from trade etc as part of the eu is less tangible aswell as a myriad of other things . 
  ah yes , let us escalate our disagreements into armed conflict . 
  how * balkan * of you . 
  how is this a threat from germany ? 
  even the fucking title clearly states that the sanctions come from eu and germany is agreeing with them . 
  there is no threat . 
  many nations have profited from the arrangement of the eu but once they are asked to lift a finger they scream like it is a pound of flesh . 
  ah , your kind were blaming germanh for this before they had even backed the sanctions . 
  but i guess it is easy to hate our german brothers for their compassion ? 
  i find it hilarious how many people were blaming germany for the economic sanctions when it has only just backed them . 
  i really am blown away by the ignorance , vitriol and scapegoating going on in / r/europe lately . 
  it is like this crisis has made everyone turn off their brains and think what they feel is fact . 
  i ca n't comment on that because what happens on the boats has very little to do with what i was talking about . 
  that is not what i said . 
  these people have a right to a basic standard of living . 
  my opinion is that the best place for them to achieve this standard of living is where they are . 
  immigration is not a sustainable solution to the problems they face . 
  of course in my opinion we should take the most vulnerable members of their societies at times like this ( christians/shias/ethnic minorities/disabled/apostates / homosexuals/secular arabs in this case ) who are at risk of abuse and violence while we provide resources and training for those less at risk to help them build safe societies * where they are * . 
  i have to say i disagree with many things this author ( scoff ) wrote . 
  you may no have the right to a better life , but every person has the right to a basic standard of existence . 
  they have the right to not live every day in fear of violence - you should not have to fear for your life on a daily basis as part of the status quo . 
  they have the right to a fair share of the natural resources of this bountiful world that will sustain them to a reasonable and comfortable standard of living ( access to clean water , safe food to eat , and shelter from the elements ) . 
  they have the right to communication , to be able to speak with people and institutions ( thought they do not have the right of a response ) . 
  they have the right to earn a living and work in some capacity ( if there is work available ) . 
  they have the right to be provided for if they are sick or injured . 
  every person has responsibilities . 
  they are responsible for the safety of their fellow people . 
  they are responsible for the dilligent and non frivolous use of the resources they have aqcuired from this earth . 
  they are responsible for the impact the words they speak have . 
  they are expected to be responsible for any job they do . 
  and they are responsible for the care of their fellow sick and injured people . 
  we all have rights and responsibilities in my opinion , and the above details the basics of those that we should strive to provide to each other in our communities and globally . 
  you have both the right and responsibility to work for a better standard of living for yourself , your family , your community and the world . 
  a right to work for it , but not to be handed to you . 
  more fuel for the fascists to kill , maim and commit acts of violence and justify those actions as self defense . 
  the thing is if they do that they will cause a very vey dangerous reaction in europe . 
  people are always only stone throws away from anger boiling up and manifesting in violence . 
  how many people will they kill before it becomes unmanageable ? 
  i dont know but i would not play with such fire . 
  it would not be good for muslims to have every inch of their lands reduced to rubble by doing such . 
  they cant take any more people in ** munich ** * at the current time * . 
  the problem is n't that theh are overcapacity . 
  the problem is that their throughput in munich is not good enough to deal with the volume of migrants and refugees arriving in such a short space of time . 
  germany has plenty more room , but only so many can pass through munich at the same time before there is a humanitarian disaster on the cards . 
  does anyone even read the artical anymore ? 
  you were even the op you have no fucking excuse for being so ignorant . 
  the pace of migration could fall to a single person per day if conditions allow . 
  meaningless words filled with meaningless sentiments . 
  i 'm not sure if you are aware but the global average children per woman is about 2.5 children . 
  some countries still have very high birthrates - but that does not mean we are going to be drowned in migrants . 
  denmark is not the same place as germany . 
  how can you extrapolate 35 years with this kind of data with any sort of reliability , it is utter absurdidy and audacious to make an assumption about the future - as this data assumes that we continue our current course . 
  here is a novel fucking idea , instead of bitching and whining about how much immigrants and refugees cost why dont you stop the death by a thousand cuts and implement programs that transform these immigrants and refugees and productive members of society instead of handing them the bare minimum of sustenance and support and whining about it . 
  think of refugees as an investment - if you put money into integrating them into society you have a large workforce capable of earning and spending within your domestic economy . 
  but for some reason people think pittance handouts will tranform islamic refugees into productive members of our societies . 
  and i laugh at that artical being called a report . 
  about 3 pieces of salient information sprinkled in paragraphs of drivel . 
  and if they cant be made into productive members of our societies throw them into the sea for all i care . 
  any refugee who breaks the rules gets carted off back to the camps . 
  its simple , they are not residents , they are not citizens , they are looking for asylum , they will be assigned a place and safety and for that they will have to accept some restrictions so as not to burden our systems unevenly . 
  its not what they did 100 years ago . 
  its that they have n't changed their tune a whole lot . 
  because it is an influx - the very definition of an out of the ordinary fucking situation . 
  am i surrounded by gormless morons ? 
  if this was business as usual it would n't be news - its simply an extraordinary situation . 
  except it was the european comission that made the `` threat '' . 
  so it was an eu institution not germany . 
  at least get your fucking facts straight if you 're going to be retarded . 
  yeah this thread kind of threw cold water in my face about how much hatred and emotion on this issue there seems to be with little or no substance ... 
  it is good to have a sensible conversation for once !, 
  thank you for the discussion . 
  i think we have both spoken our peace and walk away wiser men . 
  you have helped me find a couple flaws in my communication and for that i am greatful . 
  as far as the extremist left thing ... 
  i do not doubt they are equally dangerous - but which dog do you wrestle first ? 
  the one biting your leg or pissing on your car ? 
  right newspaper headline : `` rapist murdering muslim man allowed free entry to europe because eu drags feet on security screening . '', 
  the sword cuts both ways . 
  i am a citizen of the eu and my government has pictures of me and my fingerprints . 
  we shall treat the immigrants the same as ourselves and if the left or the right dont like it they can stick it up their arses . 
  i am not left wing , i am more leaning right if truth is told . 
  but you doubt the veracity of describing people who have attacked migrants dwellings as right wing fascists ? 
  i was doing them a favour by calling such things `` deminstrations '' . 
  i may be more conservative , but i do not see many left leaning people throwing fire bombs at border fences .
