  i laugh at your accusations of misogyny . 
  so narrow minded . 
  if men are more capable of escaping the violence under their own steam then why are most refugees women and children ? 
  surely by your logic the camps would be filled with men whole the women are left behind in villages . 
  you 've also contradicted yourself . 
  you claim that a disproportionate amount of refugees are men and then claim that 80 % are women and children . 
  please just give it up and leave your narrative at the door . 
  i did not say that a gender balance would be a bad thing . 
  but the implications of your post was somehiw that the men were less worthy of our help than the women and children simply due to the virtue of the fact that `` they are able bodied '' . 
  thats the sort of thinking that has sent men off to be slaughtered in droves for centuries and i wont stand by as it is said . 
  again i reiterate . 
  ** all of these people deserve to be free from violence , conflict and suffering regardless of their gender , creed or race . 
  no preferential treatment should be provided to any but the most in dire need of direct aid of food and basic needs . 
  all will be treated otherwise with the same priority as they all deserve the same right to a life of peace and prosperity **, 
  we cant assume they will all be fools , but a lot of them will , 
  except men are disproportionately the primary victims of violence in armed conflicts . 
  they slaughter the men like animals . 
  can you blame these men for running as fast as they can from the sound of guns when they know the gun will be pressed to their temple as they watch what little bit of a life they had built be torn apart by extremism ? 
  men are just as vulnerable to death from guns as women and children are but you act like it is a crime to be able to run ? 
  obviously women and children hoping for a father/husband to make it to europe is not their only hope . 
  but if it was their only hope can you blame the families for sending the most able bodied person to try and find help ? 
  there are videos of women and children in refugee camps and getting off the trucks in calais etc. 
  and stick your red pill strawman up your arse . 
  the uk is very important part of the eu . 
  your wish for them to leave dooms the very people you claim solidarity with just accross the sea . 
  will you compensate the people of ireland for the massive headache of the uk leaving ? 
  i take it very personally when people tell the uk to gtfo - as they underestimate and underappreciate how important the uk are for the eu ecosystem . 
  especially for a state like ireland having the uk be big enough to voice dissent - like island nations are different and should be treated differently . 
  we all ( uk incl . ), 
  would be poorer in every sense 9f the word if the uk leaves . 
  can we be the 51st state instead ? 
  we 'll throw a rope and get the lads to pull real hard - we can cut florida off and put them where ireland used to be and pretend this was how things always was . 
  i mean hes taking the people directly from the unhcr camps directly in syria . 
  as in people suffering in a war zone . 
  someone you know was probably a child housed away from home in ww2 , or an internal refugee escaping the london bombings . 
  the difference is these people can not run to the countryside to escape the violence . 
  all of them deserve to be free of war . 
  we can not take all of them , but taking some would not be the death of our nations . 
  i 've a leaky shed that my dogs sleep in - thats about the best land you 'll find these days round these parts . 
  this is why you ca n't leave us alone in the union . 
  we need your voice of dissent . 
  and i like being able to get the ferry over for the footy - theres that too . 
  ah yes - fuck men right ? 
  they can defend themselves . 
  i would rather see everyone getting the help they need to get here regardless of race , gender or religion as long as they act in a way which uphold european values of freedom , respect and public secularity/private religiosity . 
  a lot of those young able bodied men go on their own in the hopes of bringing their family at a later date . 
  +1 stability , +20 % nsdp political organisation gain , -10 % ic until 2035 . 
  please do not act like people have not seen the movie or heard the joke . 
  you are in the anglosphere after alle . 
  `` they 're coming right for us ! '', 
  +25 % claim fabrication speed . 
  aye , was n't defending his shitty training - merely trying to explain the reasoning of those actions . 
  reminds me of stories from wars long ago that average soldiers actually tried not to shoot each other too much - preferring just to make a bit of a show for the brass by aiming a bit over each others heads . 
  could be a bit of that foing on - hes so poorly trained he cant bring himself to make a genuine shot at the enemy . 
  at least when i was in basic training they told us that if you recieve fire while not in cover the standard response was to alert everyone to the fire , generally by screaming contact , then firing a couple rounds in the direction you suspect the contact is and making like fuck for cover , usually all at the same time . 
  could be they had friends nearby not in cover and just wanted to buy them a few moments to get to a safe position . 
  it also could be that some soldiers are just incompetant and have n't been weeded out yet . 
  * i want to get off mrs. merkels wild ride . 
  expensive , i imagine , those sea walls . 
  got ta keep the immigrant kaiju out somehow . 
  that has worked out so well in the past . 
  nation building is * difficult * , more than you would imagine . 
  and the concept of nations is very young in the history of humanity . 
  oh some of them will be left poor destitute by the standards they live now but the sheer amount of wealth they command means that at least some portion of them will remain wealthy for the long forseeable future . 
  similar to the rothschild family - by no means are they comparitively wealthy as they were in the 19th century their hundreds ( if not thousands ) of descendants are more likely still born into a considerable amount of wealth since they own quite profitible interests in farming , mining and energy and so on and so forth . 
  that is 250 years of a family being in the upper brackets of relative wealth . 
  as long as the saudi families make similar business decisions ( which they seem to be doing ) they will most likely hold onto some measure of wealth and status in the world even if their wealth and status declines considerably from today . 
  whoops !, 
  awesome joke haha sorry for ruining it by being helpful !, 
  1,000 jobs per month created in my industry for the last 24 months . 
  you can see it too , starting to see new cars on the road again , some 2015 plates out there here and there . 
  taxi men complain less , less businesses are failing , people are going on more holidays . 
  at the very least the middle class is recovering a bit as is the upper class , landowners starting to develop their land again . 
  yes , english is a strange language - in the sentence above the following words are grammatically correct ( at least in an informal spoken context and most first language english speakers would understand ) : on , at , to , near , with [ border ] of [ ukraine ] , beside , around ... and on and on and on . 
  all of the above words essentially convey the same meaning if you replace the word `` on '' . 
  english requires a certain amount of mental gymnastics due to the structure of the language . 
  unlike other languages you dont actually pull meaning from the word `` on '' in the above sentence . 
  you infer the meaning of the word `` on '' from the sentence . 
  there are sentences where you do infer the meaning of on to be `` placed atop '' in sentence fragments like '' ... on the table ... '' in reality the word `` on '' in the above sentence could be just a completely random 2-4 letter word and 99 % of english speakers from the british isles would have 0 problems understanding the sentence . 
  this is not true of the word `` to '' in the above sentence however as it is describing a verb and as such is very important to understanding that the meaning is `` build in the future '' . 
  because `` on '' is describing an abstract general area the meaning of the word is ignored . 
  for specific description however the correct placement word is important . 
  you would n't use the phrase `` around the table '' to describe something on top of it , nor would you say `` at the table '' , `` with the table '' `` near the table '' . 
  english has evolved many meanings for words . 
  and thats not even getting into dialects like hiberno english where words like `` am n't '' are acceptable but the rest of the english speaking world would say `` am not '' so basically its really fucking confusing but english speakers can somehow do all of this unconsciously . 
  their house of cards will never collapse . 
  they have been using the oil money to make investments in alternative industries . 
  if companies could produce their products for cheaper with syrian workers they would , but its just not good to build a factory in a warzone . 
  a good one . 
  the more we see of the realities of warfare the better . 
  the fucking rich cunts got us knee deep in debt so they could build houses , take our jobs , evict us and then rent our own houses back to us at extortionate rates . 
  look lads if you 's do n't start shagging your way out of the decline us and france are going to have to go on a fucking spree to keep the population up . 
  do your bit for europe , chase some tail !, 
  scangers . 
  you can have [ the spire ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spire_of_dublin#/media/file:e4324-spire-of-dublin.jpg ) if you like , should n't be too hard to hollow it out and install pumps . 
  frankly i 'm still sick of looking at the fucking thing after 13 years . 
  welcome the new cunts , same as the old cunts . 
  i 'm not versed enough in european cultural stuff yo make a real judgement call on that one . 
  but a case could be made for ireland + uk , austria + germany , belgium + france + netherlands and so on . 
  i mean in fairness you said that in 1910 that people of britain would n't have expected the events of 1900 's in ireland , when in the last 60 years from 1910 there had been * five * major uprisings and rebellions in ireland .
