  you should be proud of your contribution to this community . 
  except they are moving them away from munich if you had read the article . 
  they are not limiting the arrivals . 
  the problem is that they are all arriving in the one place . 
  there is not enough local infrastructure in munich to support the number of refugees arriving . 
  germany is still fine . 
  the title is just sensationalist wankery . 
  i too read articles by their title . 
  it is not germany that has reached it 's limit , but the transportation and support infrastructure around munich . 
  they are trying to stem the flow to munich and distribute the refugees to prevent a humanitarian disaster in munich . 
  in otherwords water is wet and they are taking appropriate action to prevent an escalation of the local problems . 
  yes , but the line directly after that which you were whinging about in the first post is what excludes ireland from the md treaty . 
  ... ... ... you 're cherry picking pretty hard . 
  i suggest you take a step back and re-read our conversation more carefully . 
  no one is bound to help ireland to my knowledge . 
  though i do not doubt if someone were to attack ireland the anglosphere would have something to say about it . 
  as far as i understand the language is that members of the eu have defensive pact with each other . 
  this defensive pact excludes nations like ireland who have it written in law our neutrality . 
  the clause is clearly referring to places like ireland where neutrality is written in our constitjtion . 
  we are not expected to help ( and we often send help anyway ) nor do we expect to be helped . 
  not every nation has a tradition of neutrality . 
  that final line was for ireland if i recall correctly . 
  our stance of neutrality , and neutrality in general has been brought into question many times . 
  anything other than neutrality here would be political suicide . 
  ireland , england , wales , scotland etc swap celebrities like teenagers swapping spit at a game of spin the bottle . 
  if you do n't change your underwear do not be surprised if people think you smell like shit . 
  germany has already made up for their past in my opinion and they need to be less apologetic and people need to stop holding the past over them like an anvil . 
  altitude . 
   put the milk in first [ thats absolutely foul . 
  american food i would n't feed to my pigs if i was a farmer . 
  we are blessed in ireland at least with high quality food . 
  even the `` crappy '' stuff mass produced in german factories you can buy in lidl/aldi is a lightyear beyond what americans call `` food '' . 
  i had some frozen devil schnitzels made in germany the other day and i would buy them again , but i was in america a month ago and even humble bread was soft soggy and over-sweetened shite . 
  if anything is going to get in the way of the quality of food we get in europe i am staunchly opposed to it . 
  one village is not the same as the next . 
  the challenges and problems ireland faced were unique and different from the challenges faced by other countries . 
  ireland grew despite austerity , not because of it . 
  other countries did not have the massive amounts of foreign direct investment , a class of young people who were able to emigrate with skills to other pastures ( thus easing social programs costs ) , a strong international company presence due to our location-english primary language-simpler tax codes and a standard of living for the middle class comparable to germany ( thus being attractive for highly skilled migrants to live and work here ) . 
  ireland is also very very small in the grand scheme of things which means a hundred million euros invested here goes a lot farther than in a bigger country . 
  austerity hurt us a lot , but we are very fortunate that we are in the position we are . 
  the one village solution is exemplified in africa , where a fruitful program in one village can cause chaos in another . 
  you must tailor the program to the enviroment it is operating in . 
  just because water can put out some fires , does not mean water beats all fires . 
  why is it such a problem ? 
  greece is greece . 
  macedonia is a small landlocked little nation beside greece . 
  * private * germans . 
  as in germans who are not representatives of the german people through the government . 
  those filthy private german citizens doing things like investing in fossil energy infrastructure . 
  how dare they !, 
  we need more pitchforks lads . 
  same in ireland . 
  they eat migrants in germany ? 
  they are weaponising helpless civilians . 
  how honourable and caring they are of their fellow muslims . 
  sometimes this whole isis thing seems disgustingly early 1900 's . 
  the uk are just our texas . 
  they make a lot of noise but their heart is in the union . 
  amen . 
  yep , lower their priority based on their gender . 
  #equality . 
  that is asylum seekeers . 
  which includes economic immigrants who i will give you , are disproportionately male . 
  however economic immigrants have been coming for a long time in big numbers - do you have a way to prove that 80 % of the refugees from syria who make it to eu are male ? 
  as in people who are fleeing the war . 
  thats assuming that during that time 100 % of those refugees offer 0 money to the tax coffers . 
  reckon we could get boris johnsen elected to the office of president then quickly secede from the union and watch them try to deal with him as their leader ? 
  the oul trojan boris . 
  do you have proof that 80 % of the refugees who make it to europe area ? 
  oh please hidden gender preference is just a fucking farce come on really . 
  if you had read the article they are taking the refugees directly from the camps on the border with syria , so none of what you are saying applies to this article - but that does n't fit with you `` women are special victims who deserve more help than able bodied male oppurtunists '' propaganda narrative . 
  if you want to whine about hidden gender selection go ask isis to start shooting more women so that the bullets are more fairly distributed . 
  do you have proof that 80 % of the refugees accepted are men ? 
  are you claiming that men are more likely to get granted asylum than women ? 
  you are going to have to provide proof for that claim . 
  i will happily believe that 80 % of refugees * of the 2.5 million accounted for above * are women and children . 
  i did not say that we should accept more men . 
  i said that we should help thise with the most pressing needs first : the most at risk of death , the most in need of medical care , the ones who have gone the longest without food . 
  this has nothing to do with gender from my position - but from yours it does . 
  we do not need artificial gender quotas or balancing - all it ends up breeding is discriminatory practices instead of practices which have the most positive outcme for all involved . 
  ah yes , the danger of being shot by militants is oh so nonexistant . 
  by the way , direct quote from the artical you linked `` zeina 's husband died over a year ago , killed by a sniper , and the family was forced to flee to turkey after their house was destroyed . '', 
  the husband is dead but clearly women are in more direct danger in refugee camps . 
  the husband is nice and snug with a smile on his face 6 feet under the ground . 
  oh look his widow was `` forced '' of her own free will to marry in order to support her family . 
  jesus what hardship i am sure she would gladly trade places in the ground with her dead husband . 
  these women are making conscious choices to survive their circumstances and build even a mediocre life ( or being forced into it by their parents ) . 
  the men rotting in the ground were n't even offered the chance . 
  again i reiterate : ** there should be no discrimination of how helped is distributed based on gender , race or religion . 
  help should be distributed in the forms most appropriate to solving the most pressing issues . 
  the sickest should be treated first , the hungriest fed first and the most in danger of harm should be offered safe haven first . 
  ** how can you find it offensive and misogynistic that i ask the people who need the help the most regardless of gender , race or religion get the help first ? 
  reverse imperialism ? 
  i 'm in !, 
  the reason 80 % of refugees are women and children is because the men are fighting ** or ** were murdered in cold blood for refusing to fight leaving the women and children with no one to support them . 
  i dont see a lot of women and children being dragged out on a pier to be shot in the back of the head by islamist militants . 
  i dont see a lot of women and children being executed by anti aircraft guns . 
  men are the * primary * victims of violence . 
  as in they are the * first * to suffer not the ones who suffer the * worst * . 
  triage is you treat the most life threatening wound first .
