  polish people are suprisingly similar to irish people aswell , except all their food is weird and they have a better work ethic . 
  i do n't know any polish people who are not bald or shaved their heads . 
  i do n't understand why . 
  and the weather report came from ireland 's neutral collaboration with britain if i recall correctly . 
  was n't the attack delayed by a day due to weather ? 
  although i feel the word `` attack '' does n't do the sheer scale and mobilisation of the operation justice . 
  reminds me of podge and rodge for some reason . 
  `` whats the weather like rodge ? '', 
  `` its mild . '', 
  if you add norway its more like a blue dowsing stick , which can only find money and imperialism . 
  you got some sources for those claims ? 
  the whole healthier than average sounds bias and spurious research . 
  people who adjust their diets on ethical grounds are more likely to adjust it for health reasons aswell so it 's a chicken/egg problem . 
  are they healthy because they are vegan/veggy or is it because they were more likely to be conscious of their diet ? 
  so basically what you are saying that drivers in bucharest are impatient idiots ? 
  ancient greece was pretty good at colonizing . 
  it is happening less , [ trends ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aviation_accidents_and_incidents#/media/file:acro_fatalities_1918-2009.svg ) towards less every decade , by quite a large factor when you consider how many more people are flying in airplanes every day . 
  i can ; t remember the source but it was like for every million km flown in and airplane 12-14 people die or something but do n't quote me on that . 
  to put that in perspective thats less than half a death for every full trip a plane would do around the entire circumference of the earth . 
  `` there might be a tiny chancd that the violent destabilization of an entire nation may have led to the rise of a violent extremist group taking over due to the power vacuum . '', 
  if we do n't sin jesus died for nothing . 
  video game designers need to make placed like these into levels . 
  it 'd be sweet . 
  absolutely gorgeous location . 
  most accurate depiction . 
  irish courting is a strange beast . 
  fucking bog germans and their prosperity, 
  why is it not ? 
  irish people have been emigrating since before 1850 in hundreds , thousands and millions . 
  they faced the same adversity maghreb/berbers face today throughout history hence `` the irish are the niggers of europe '' and the political cartoons of the 1800 's , 1900 'd depicting irish people are drunken ape retards . 
  they still integrated fine , in addition to the fact that they were catholics emigrating to countries often unfriendly/prejudiced to catholics . 
  * and they still integrated * . 
  they integrated so well that they became more american than the americans themselves , more mexican than the mexicans , more kiwi than the kiwis and you bet your ass there are irish in africa and asia . 
  you have to remember , and this is really fucking important , that the word christian did n't exist in the sense we use it today until very recently . 
  a white catholic settling in a white protestant country was equivalent to a black muslim settling in a white country for most of history . 
  the idea of a `` christian '' understanding and peace is very , very new . 
  these people were moving to places that were downright hostile to their views , beliefs and yes , the fact that their `` race '' was irish . 
  * and they still integrated * . 
  the north african muslims coming to europe today are arguably facing less obstacles than irish catholics would have faced in their emigrations as the ideas of tolerance did n't really exist back in those days . 
  and yet despite this fact these muslims have refused for the most part to integrate , form insular exclusive communities that do n't respect the laws of the land , do n't respect the religious beleifs of others , and have fostered so much hatred for their hosts that their hosts are now starting to hate them . 
  and the problem is with the europeans . 
  we live in one of the most free and tolerant societies in all human history and the barbarians have managed to foster a hatred and intolerance in us to the point that extremist right wing groups are growing in influence after decades of peace and prosperity . 
  yeah , the problem is definitely with the europeans , we have put up with too much of their shit and have n't just shipped the dissidents back to their desolate wastelands , keep the ones who join education , work and live in peace and harmony , the ones who do n't can fuck right off . 
  the problem has nothing to do with race or religion . 
  * the problem is with the people who are not integrating , refuse to integrate , and refuse to conduct themselves in a reasonable manner in a global society * . 
  they created the hatred that many europeans feel for them and now blame that hatred for the reasons they caused the hatred . 
  can you not see the logical fallacy here ? 
  they started shit , and then blamed our reaction on the reason they started shit . 
  `` you 're predjudiced against muslims ! '', 
  they cry . 
  no shit sherlock , because the most vocal of your minority have been stirring shit up for decades and you guys have n't been speaking out against it . 
  you know about the terrorism capital of europe ? 
  irish republicans and british loyalists dragging each other out of cars and blowing each other and civillians to bits for decades in one of the most bitter sectarian conflicts in the world * and today we have peace * . 
  why do we have peace ? 
  because the regular people , who would have been just painted as republicans or loyalists based on their birth [ protestant atheist or catholic atheist ? 
  ] , demanded peace and spoke out against the terrible acts . 
  where are the regular muslims condemning their own acts of terror , in order to defeat the prejudice people feel against muslims , much like republican irish and british irish owned their demons and spoke out against violence , the muslim communities need to own the violence and speak out against it . 
  do not sit in silence as a monster acts on your behalf and be surprised when everyone thinks you are with the monster . 
  where are the moderate muslims who hate the monster of religious conflict that infects the world today ? 
  44 people we reported as being victims in human trafficking in ireland in 2013 . 
  1,124 in the netherlands in 2012 . 
  three main factors seperate ireland and the netherlands in my analysis , this is not an all encompassing analysis however : population size and density , ease of trafficking ( ireland is an island outside schengen , netherlands is not ) and the legal status of prostitution ( being able to send your victims somewhere you can make your activities look legitimate is more attractive ) i 'm not saying co-relation is causation . 
  lets take into the account that the netherlands has triple ireland 's population : the ratio jumps from 44:1,124 ( 25 times ) to 132:1,124 ( 8.5 times ) , so accounting for population there are 8.5 . 
  lets also now accept that it is a lot easier to traffic humans to the netherlands compared to ireland and say that it is somewhere between twice as hard and 8 times are hard to traffic to ireland . 
  264:1,124 -- 1,056:1124 ( 4.25 -- 1.06 times ) . 
  so i can confidently say , that human trafficking occurs in the netherlands 6 % -425 % more often due to the fact that prostitution is legal . 
  even if it was just 6 % more common in ireland for people to be trafficked due to the legalization of prostitution i would not be okay with this until we have better ways to prevent trafficking and abuse specifically in the areas of prositution . 
  thats why i want better protections like informational education for prospective customers of prostitutes to recognize victims , a highly regulated and debated industry that is held to very high standards of scrutiny , social support for sex workers in the form of free and mandatory health checkups every x weeks with compensation programs in case the sex worker is no longer able to work due to illness ( to avoid a sex working contracting a disease and continuing to work out of desperation for money thus spreading dangerous disease/infection ) . 
  so yeah , until the p 's a perked , the t 's are crossed and the i 's dotted correctly i will never be behind a `` just legalize it '' mentality . 
  same goes for weed . 
  there must be education about the realities of substance and sexual abuse ( weed and prostitution ) aswell as the social support network built up before we legalise such things . 
  by no means will a floodgate open and cause huge social issues but imagine if alcohol was legal today and the government was proposing to legalize it without any education or regulation or systems of support for problematic side effects on society . 
  this is speaking as someone who smoked weed pretty regularly in the passed , and knows people who work with sex workers . 
  i do n't think we should legalise prostitution until we have better systems to fight trafficing and coersion in the industry . 
  legalising it wont make the trafficing disapear . 
  it would be a long explanation , and i do n't have the energy to go into depth but a good place to get the very basics of where i am coming from is a podcast by dan carlin called `` american peril '' . 
  it touches on the reasons why it was so hard to get america into a foreign war , and how the interventionist and isolationist factions in america ( to put a simple label on them ) adressed the things we 're discussing . 
  it was really after ww1 that america started developing into a super power . 
  they came out well ahead of anyone in both wars . 
  human trafficing mainly . 
  europes needs a memelist internetavia , we need to show the world that dank memes work . 
  the memers need to take over the memes of memeduction and we need a dank meme economy . 
  we need new systems of governance for sure . 
  the hard part is what should they be , and hiw do we implement them in our current situation ? 
  ( revolution is the easy route but it 's hard to control a fire in an apartment building etc. ), 
  that prevalence of lead correlated to increased violence ? 
  the foreign aid ( outside disaster relief ) is damaging is actually provably true . 
  there are minorities being * invented * in african countries so they can appeal for foreign aid . 
  we should n't be giving money to fundamentally corruot regimes . 
  we should be sending educators to reach the local people who to build water towers and manage farm land etc. 
  i would take meritocracy , democracy and elitism any day over unfettered equality , diversity and emotional authoritarianism . 
  the problem is neither of these systems will work because humans are fundamentslly corrupt as a species . 
  until we remove our corruption , no system of governance or values will work to really improve our societies . 
  your identity is dictated by what you stand for in a national identity . 
  i think a lot of people forget that before france was made france it was n't france . 
  there was occitan , breton , and a half dozen other `` frances '' in terms of culture but the unification of those is what made france of the modern era . 
  if you want to feel like you are a frenchman , then act according to the ways a frenchman would act . 
  but if you want to act like an algerian on french soil do n't be suprised if you make yourself out to be an unwelcome guest . 
  the problem is that in the majority of cases they have n't done their bit to become french or german . 
  see : irish people enigrating everywhere , integrating perfectly fine regardless of religion , laws or culture .
