  where did i say i was n't educated enough to speak on this ? 
  i said very specifically that : i am not educated enough to speak with * authority * . 
  as in the concerns , questions and solutions i speak of are not those of someone who has a good grasp of the situation and as such should be taken and scrutinized with a pinch of salt . 
  and yes i say this sbout every political issue . 
  if there are experts in the field related to the problem ( ij this case academic , social and political criticism of islam as a religion . ), 
  then their voice should be given prominence in order to promote an informed debate . 
  that does n't mean what i have to say is to be entirely disregarded . 
  and the reasons why i think like this is that typically a debate dominated by the uneducated on the issue just slides into baseless fanaticism , finger pointing and an echo chamber of misconceptions . 
  just because i am not a trained carpenter does n't mean i cant cut and work wood . 
  but lets leave the foundations and load bearing walls to the professional or at the very least professional guidance . 
  why would we mount a ship on a shark ? 
  they british [ sithish ] empire has been working on the new ship design for many years now . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://manilovefilms.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/destroyer.jpg ), 
  if you take any metaphor beyond its context is loses value . 
  of course in reality a surgeon can do joinery as a hobby , a mechanic might even buy himself a boat to go fishing in as recreation but a bin man would not be allowed to do surgery because such is a very dangerous thing to undertake without proper equipment and training and could potentially lead to harm of others due to negligence . 
  the op or myself never said that the common man like you and i can not have a say - merely that we want to hear from people who have dedicated a portion of their lives to studying these problems and have the credentials to back up their words that we lack as laymen . 
  we of course can have our say , we deserve to have our questions , complaints and worries addressed . 
  but we do not deserve to be the central point of the discussion , nor the central decision makers [ unless it is put to a referendum or something ] in this debate as the realities of life are such that we do not have the time to dedicate ourselves to fully understand the discussion . 
  it is not elitist or anti-democratic to ask for experts to weigh in on a subject . 
  it is elitist and anti-democratic * if they are the only ones allowed to weigh in * . 
  this always gets me . 
  i have never understood the cries of elitism and anti-democracy . 
  would you want a bin-man doing surgery ? 
  a surgeon doing joinery ? 
  a mechanic captaining an aircraft carrier ? 
  i am not educated enough to speak on islam . 
  i am however educated enough to know that i can not speak on islam with authority . 
  that does n't mean i ca n't have my say . 
  it just means my say is worth less when it comes to islam from an academic point of view . 
  * what i am * qualified to speak on is this : we should not tolerate parralel legal systems such as those set up by turkish muslims in germany , we should not tolerate forced marriage , we should not tolerate violence against women in the name of `` honour '' , we should not tolerate violence against anyone in the name of any religion . 
  and these are some specific criticisms that come from the people who practice islam that i have seen . 
  whether these things are quantifiably true or worthy concerns is not my call . 
  but those are my concerns [ and the concerns of many like me ] and they deserve to be addressed in some capacity that satisfies my complaint . 
  good stuff . 
  if it were that simple we would have done something simple . 
  there is a disconnect between what is possible , what is politcally possible and what will actually help the matter . 
  such is politics . 
  always has to be an adversarial relationship . 
  it is never a discussion among peers . 
  printer ink is worth its weight in gold my friend . 
  i did n't remove my flair ? 
  it mus have happened by accident or automatically . 
  its where a lot of industry is . 
  and its a place they can take because they beleive they have a legitimate claim to protect their people . 
  they still think big population = big power . 
  salami tactics . 
  holy crap these are amazing . 
  if something was done illegally use legal language . 
  if something was done immorally use moral language . 
  to do otherwise causes confusion . 
  if you use the phrase blackmail then i will tell you why what they are doing is not illegal . 
  whether it is moral or not i do not currently have a position on . 
  i think the problem here is being too tolerant of sunni islam and not spelling things out to our guests clearly enough about how we do things in europe . 
  if you want to throw bombs and fire guns we can deport you to a warzone for you to enjoy yourself . 
  they are welcome here , their conflicts and values are not . 
  then use moral terms not legalistic ones . 
  a : germanh did not invite the migrants/refugees . 
  merkel merely stated that there was no legal precedent for a limit on the number to be accepted in germany . 
  germany did not say that they can come and be accepted . 
  germany said every * refugee * from * syria * would not be turned away . 
  that is not a blanket invitation to illegal immigrants like you are making it out to be . 
  b : these sanctions come from the eu not germany . 
  so the eu is asking , not germany . 
  c : illegal immigrants ( not refugees ) have been a huge problem for a long time and are not unique to the last few weeks . 
  i hope you have loosened up and limber in ze rear . 
  this is not the end of schengen . 
  it is a temporary suspension of open borders to help deal with a crisis . 
  poes law man . 
  its rampant in this sub over this crisis . 
  i. . . what are you even talking about ? 
  what the actual fuck do drones have to do with this conversation ? 
  jesus christ this place has really gone to the dogs . 
  except they dont * have * to bend on the immigration issue . 
  the choice is pretty clear , you can participate in the program or pay the fee to refuse . 
  there is more to it of course but you are entitled to draw the line in the sand . 
  there is of course no need to dissolve the union over a policy disagreement . 
  says the man advocating aggressive open warfare over a diplomatic disagreement after decades of peace and co-operation unprecedented in history . 
  doomed to repeat the past indeed . 
  i hope for the sake of humanity that you never acquire a position of power . 
  and i do n't disagree with you . 
  it really creeped me out when i realised the camera had been zooming in on him slowly . 
  and a populist move was required . 
  you seem to be operating under the assumption that humans are rational . 
  but we are not , and there will always be a divide between what is possible , what is politically possible and what will actually solve the issue . 
  the difference is , we 've left that in the past . 
  you seem to be living in some imperialist idealist era though so i hope you 're happy . 
  in other words the schengen treaty is working as intended as it has allowed countries to temporarily reinstate border controls in the case of a crisis . 
  what great foresight the creators of the treaty had to create provisions within it to allow them a way of legally and politcally dealing with an issue without tying their hands behind their backs in buearoceacry . 
  long live the union . 
  blackmail is a crime . 
  taking money away from states who refuse to help is redistributing funding . 
  one is illegal , the other is politics . 
  learn the difference . 
  we should have just left your people to rot . 
  100 years and your people have still not learned how to settle a disagreement without violence . 
  bismark had it right a century ago , about the balkans and the people that lived there . 
  a shame , i had always hoped he was wrong . 
  go look up a population pyramid for germany . 
  then go look up a population pyramid for another country . 
  then feel enlightened on the demographic issue .
