  they are extremely important for certain industries ( like construction which usually has a lul in late winter and spring ) as i can keep skilled men on retainer for low cost and have a pool of manpower and labour that can scale to the demands of the week/month . 
  without zero hour contracts my salary costs would be significantly higher and my business would have massive cash flow problems in the winter/spring months . 
  just because they are being abused by industries and employers who dont * need * them does n't mean they are bad - simply that more provisions and protections need to be provisions for 0 hour workers in non-seasonally affected industries . 
  * at least the people who i employ negotiated higher salaris as the burden on workers in these contracts higher than when they were traditionally employed . 
  and yes , they voluntarily took the offer of these zero hour contracts because it was beneficial for them to do so , during the seasonal dip they can ply their skills freelance while still earning 25 % minimum . 
  germany is the de-facto economic , cultural and political hegemon of the eu [ rubbing shoulders with poland and france as the northern plains triumvirate and britain the ever present wrench ] . 
  you have an advanced political election system , the largest economy and development of industrial technology with a rich history of culture [ reformation , modern art/writing etc ] . 
  these are all things that make germany a very strong nation in the eu which is unfortunate for the german people because whenever something goes wrong they will be blamed [ easy targets due to wars , but i one day hope we can get past this finger pointing ] and when things are going right they are `` just doing their job . '', 
  germany is being forced to be painted as a leader because it is the best country to do the job and it is a conveinient way to spin politics . 
  i for one think german leadership in the eu is a good thing , but thats just because i think with the history of the wars germans are very socially , politically and economically conscious people who would no longer want to escalate any conflict within europe [ or without ] to warfare . 
  * 31 % of irish people have a degree , thats higher than the usa 's 22 % in 2005 [ has probably gone up to at least 25-27 % in usa ] . 
  highly educated population , 82.7 % of the population aged 4-22 are in some form of education . 
  * intel for example , one of the reasons they built their microprocessor manufacturing facility in leixlip is the seismic stability of ireland is very high . 
  seismic activity in even small amounts can be very detrimental to the manufactor of microprocessor . 
  * ireland in the 1970s-1980s was a very poor country , with extremely low wages and an english speaking population . 
  which is why many usa/multinational companies set up manufacturing here . 
  since then , wages and education have shot up meaning higher tech industry has moved in while lower tech industry has left our shores . 
  a low cost labour market with english language as a default was very attractive at the time . 
  * having a progressive tax system was extremely important to developing ireland into a country with a similar quality of life as germany , and arguably above most european countries . 
  had the irish government not implemented these policies when they did ireland would likely still be wallowing in poverty , or at least not seen the meteoric growth we have seen since late 1970s / early 1980s before the crash in 2007 . 
  70 + % of prsi/paye is paid by the top 20 % of wage earners , and people can earn up to a certain amount of money before paying tax after tax credits . 
  * labour laws in ireland are incredibly well balanced , with a lot of protections for workers and owners . 
  industrial action is quite rare [ maybe 1.5 disputes that make the news every year ] and there are pretty generous labour protection laws . 
  i do n't need to tell you how having a stable , mature and well represented labour market will attract skilled immigrants who want to work in ireland aswell as bring companies here . 
  would you rather come to britain in the 1970s/80s when they had pretty bad industrial action and relatively high wages compared to ireland or their fairly industrially stable neighbour ireland ? 
  * they are here because it is cheaper , but it is not the only reason . 
  how can you explain the endemic tax evasion of the greek economy ? 
  we have similar issues here in ireland in certain industries , mostly tradespeople doing cash jobs etc. 
  good to see progress on ukraine cracking down on corruption . 
  how can you rationally use the sentence `` we accept we wont get the money back . '', 
  and be unable to recognise that * not getting our money back * would be the greeks ** not paying the money we gave them back ** ? 
  where did he say that ? 
  if we accepted that we wont get the money back we would have written off the debt . 
  what the ideologues ca n't accept is that their fiscal policy was horrifically wrong and they are dragging a nation through glass to save their careers . 
  i do n't know . 
  greece is in a sorry state , and we can not kick this can any further down the road . 
  i am sometimes i wonder if the best way would be just let the turks have them again . 
  but these are thoughts that come from anger . 
  its a polite way of saying `` go fuck yourself '' . 
  is it not in eu geopolitical interest to be able to come to a resolution for a greek crisis that has plagued us for many year and keep the european solidarity , growth and prosperity intact ? 
  if greece and the troika are unable to reach an agreement do you think we should just drop the hammer and force them to accept the terms ? 
  i am not sure i am understanding your meaning , in all credit to the usa , it may have been geopolitical but they even offered assistance to the soviet union and su occupied states but the su refused for themselves and on behalf of the occupied countries . 
  it was n't like they were just putting money into europe to show the middle finger to the world , i consider they wanted to foster peace and prosperity , which i feel they have achieved to some extent . 
  greece might not be a post-war occupied western germany , but their governments failed them and they need help . 
  we can not punish generations of greeks for the mistakes and cunning of the corrupt , same as we did correctly did not punish the germans for generations after ww2 when they had been devastated by results of the ( justified ) anger from the betrayel of their people by their leaders in the first war . 
  ireland has recieved a massive amount of money in aid and finance from the eu and us , developing us from a shanty town slum nation into something with a quality of life on par with germany . 
  so there is precedent for helping nations develop . 
  and currently greece is regressing , golden dawn is polling at 12 % . 
  now , we need to help the greeks , but like the germans of days past they must accept responsibility as a nation , and commit to reforms , institute social change while we at the same time forgive some debt . 
  then we can prosper together as free people . 
  cap the repayments to a % of greek gdp over 100 years . 
  it has been done before . 
  the reality is that greece can not repay their debts in this decade - the country was simply mismanaged too much . 
  the lenders must accept that there was risk associated with lending to an insolvent nation . 
  for the creditors they do not seem to realise it is far better to get some/most of your money back and profit from future agreements than to back a debtor into a corner so they refuse to pay anything . 
  whether thats possible or not is neither here nor there , but negotiations on both sides of this saga of greece has left me with a bad taste in my mouth . 
  the conservative troika refusing to deal with a democratically elected government due to idealogical entrenchtment and clinging to conservative myth , and these syriza back-door communists playing politics like it is a roulette wheel . 
  i mean , you were a belligerant nation who lost the war . 
  after what was at the time still `` the enemy '' to have a say in the discussion would probably been political suicide . 
  and in fairness , you guys did n't do too poorly from the plan , you are still arguably the most advanced country in the world when it comes to certain areas of things - like education etc. 
  debt haircut + economic reforms in the ez = growth . 
  yes , he had maintained from the begining that his career would be short . 
  i do not have such an understanding of the situation that i can offer any real counter-point , which i would n't need to if i could as a mostly agree with your analysis . 
  i should however make myself clearer in the above post : regardless of other factors , assuming that syriza holds the hardline at the referendum result they will be able to spin any action taken by their creditors in their own favour . 
  what action their creditors will take , and whether alternate action is even possible is another discussion !, 
  which you managed to succinctly articulate above . 
  at no point have i worshipped mr. yanis . 
  i have merely tried to understand the context of the situation and provide as impartial an explanation as i am able to muster . 
  it is not my problem if you are unable to be a reasonable human and communicate like an adult . 
  good day sir . 
  the ousting for the lenders is only one facet . 
  if the things varoufakis said were wrong/untrue then syriza can just point the finger at him and say the charleton has ran off with your money . 
  ah , where you see no battle , i see thousands of men lined uo in trenches waiting to charge at each other , to hold their fire until the whites of the eyes of the enemy are visible . 
  there is a saying , when you owe a little bit of money , the creditor owns you , but when you owe a lot of money , you own the creditor . 
  for syriza , it does n't have to matter outside greece , the it all goes belly-up the only people they need to impress to keep power are the greeks . 
  your honour i rest my case . 
  must we behave like children ? 
  you have completely failed to grasp the politics of the situation . 
  this is politics , whether the ez refuses or not the greeks government can use this referendum to spin the result in their favour . 
  if the ez takes austerity off the table - succes for the greek people , we have beaten the lion . 
  if ez refuses and negotiations break down - the devils in ez refuse to negotiate with the democracy of greece . 
  its politics . 
  this is politics , its all he said she said and maneauvering . 
  its not actually about democracy , but now the greek negotiators can beat their creditors over the head with this referendum result . 
  which will still seem like a holiday after yanis . 
  imagine every event is a bullet in the battle of negotiation , this is a .50 calibre round for the greeks . 
  thank you for admitting defeat . 
  ah yes , take out one part of my post and attack it , instead of adressing the whole . 
  they now have mandate to reject austerity open handedly and look for a new deal . 
  if the imf/etc refuse to co-operate they can blame the breakdown on them being unwilling to find a solution that is in line with democracy . 
  politics is a dangerous game , but the moves made by the greeks in recent times will be impressive gambles to be remembered if it works . 
  when you write like a child do not be suprised that people think you are one . 
  this is not crumbling , he was asked to resign ( fired ) by his boss because the eu/imf etc. 
  does n't like him . 
  when you have been pissed on by rain for hours , a light drizzle can feel like sunshine - yanis is the rain pissing down , and whoever they have to deal with after him is the sunshine . 
  i mean , a mild bone thrown in the mans defence . 
  it could have been a joke , we did n't see him say it . 
  media is basically salaried shit stirring . 
  controversy sells papers , or in the modern world , buys retweets . 
  imagine you are basking in the emotion of something important to yourself and someone asks you about something vaguely related 5 minutes after the event , i would be inclined to dismiss the question jokingly in a similar fashion due to high spirits .
