  of course in my haste to generalise , i lumped in the genuine protests with them , which was an error that i will freely admit to . 
  so truth be told , `` nothing was given away '' . 
  i am actually quite conservative , but violence is the act of dangerous hateful fascists ( or extremists in general regardless of their political affiliation ) . 
  i am of the same mind as yourself . 
  we should be refusing any more entrents of refugees and instead only taking a quota of them from the refugee camps directly on the border with syria while also working to stabilise the region and improve conditions within the camps . 
  my opinion is that the migrants who are already here should be deported and we should take those with the greatest need from the camps instead - with emphasis on those at greatest risks of violence ( minorities like shia and christians/ethnic minorities etc ) . 
  you realise that the economic repercussions would be basically `` you dont want refugees ? 
  pay for someone else to look after them '' but people are blowing this up like it is blaclmail or as you claim above comparing it to some mafia exchange . 
  it is simple sense , you have profitted from the arrangement between yourself and the eu . 
  when the eu asks you for help you turn your back on us . 
  if that is how you want you should fuck off out of the eu and go wallow back in the poverty you most likely suffeeed in before the eu like you deserve . 
  link to source of changing their estimation ? 
  if you had read the article it says pretty clearly ( among many other articles ) that the problem is almost entirely isolated in munich being a local infrastructure problem . 
  they werent prepared for an influx of this scale - when the numbers return to normal presumably things will be fine . 
  and you dont take a symptom of a toe being sore to having whole body chronic pains . 
  the toe is sore , nothing more nothing less . 
  i can make medical analogies to sound clever too . 
  if you hear hooves you think horses not zebras . 
  you mean the eu threatened economic sanctions . 
  not germany . 
  that is assuming the influx remains at the same rate . 
  an influx is just that - an influx , not the normal state of things . 
  do we not have a mechanism for tracking people in europe like fingerprints , or i do n't know pictures . 
  `` oh look , refugee x has disapeared , send his information to the database in case he shows up somewhere else in europe '', 
  the translation was fine . 
  i see no evidence backing the concept that germans , or germany have changed their mind about immigration . 
  just empty political statements from two politicians whi most likely have their own agenda and spin on the crisis . 
  if that is all it takes to convince you then my concerns above are very valid . 
  the side that claims germany is ok with the refugees had statistics , polls and outright public demonstrations on the streets to the point that they had to be asked to stop being so supportive that it was disruptive . 
  the side that claims they have changed their minds have no polls , no statistixs to compare to previous statistic and any demonstrations have been opportunist by right wing neo-fascists . 
  can you see why i find this an unconvincing peice of evidence ? 
  this took me 5 minutes to come to these conclusions . 
  any lay-person could do it . 
  ( additionally for what it is worth i do not think i have no biases but i put a lot of effort in being aware of them . 
  for example i do not like islam , or muslims - but that is mainly because i do not think it is healthy for there to be two tiers of a society which muslims tend to form , disregarding local processes in favour of their religion . 
  however i support heling refugees from muslim countries - even hosting them in my own country - as long as they are taken directly from refugee camps , and are willing to integrate into irish society . 
  if they are unwilling to become a part of our way of life and merely see it as a way to escape from their own situation then they are simply covert colonisers who will add no value to the relationship and do not deserve our help . 
  these are conclusions i have come from months of scrutiny and examination of data and if a new peice of evidence challenges this i will change my views . ), 
  then can you post the evidence that made you beleive that public opinion changed ? 
  fyi : media is a business . 
  there is very little scrutiny . 
  basic fact checking and ethical standards are a thing of the past . 
  there are countless examples of this . 
  for your own sake , wear a critical eye when you read any news piece from any source , else you will be subject to propaganda . 
  european solidarity . 
  eu : `` here have some money to help your economy and infrastructure '' europe : `` okay '' eu : `` can you help us with this crisis ? 
  the germans agree to take on 1/3rd of the problem ( even though they are less 1/5th the population of eu ) and rest will be split among others . '', 
  europe : `` fuck you how dare you infringe on our sovereign rights . '', 
  except it is not germany who is telling people what to do . 
  it is the european commission . 
  the euro crisis benefitted the rich , not the germans . 
  the germans just have a strong and diverse economy that could weather the storm and came out looking better than most . 
  but it is easier to twist it into hate the germans than some sensible and rational discussion . 
  the cost went up because it seems they are teaching them language and training them for the wrokplace . 
  germany lacks skilled workers and spending some money to create more from refugees seems like a good deal for both parties . 
  media says this media says that ? 
  and you honestly beleive what you read from the media without investigating their sources and claims ? 
  if there is no poll , if there is no data then it is hearsay and bollocks . 
  one can not take things at face value and scrutinise the information presented in this agenda and ideaology driven world . 
  are you a scientist ? 
  do you have experience interpreting multiple data sets over a time scale ? 
  you mean the same friends that have been generously given money by the eu , profited from a very good association with the eu and a large measure of other things who balk and start crying when the eu asks them to take a few thousand refugees ? 
  your sentence does not make sense to me . 
  can you please explain it to me . 
  have you ever seen a map ? 
  munich is simply the first major city you encounter if you are coming from austria - or the south east . 
  which i am sure it coms as a huge surprise is the direction the refugees are coming from . 
  there will probably be a mechanism for brits to work abroad but it will be renegotiated between britain and each nation . 
  `` i would like to go back to the refugee camp '', 
  when i see more muslims stand out from the mass of hatred i have seen - like my friend sauid then i will be more welcoming . 
  source ? 
  ah yes more jokes about genocide from 80 years ago - so topical and relevant . 
  some homeless people can not be helped with current methods . 
  do the most good where you can , and do not waste time tilling soil that will bear no fruit . 
  it was worth it for me . 
  but i forget we are in crisis so we must whinge and cry . 
  you know , the stuff that has got the vast majority of us in eu much better lives over the last 40-60 years ? 
  if you would like i can give putin a call if you want to try out communist brotherhood instead of european solidarity . 
  nobody is waging demographic war . 
  that is fucking insanity . 
  if your country does not want to take refugees you are not legally bound to do so - if your representatives are taking them against the will of the people do something about your representatives dont declare economic war on another nation jezus christ . 
  no it wont . 
  stop sensationalizing a mundane logistics problem in a single city : munich into a fucking international collapse of eu . 
  jesus the idiocy on this subreddit is getting out of hand . 
  thank you for being a beacon of light in an ocean of ignorance . 
  if you read the article , it is not germany that is full it is just munich . 
  munich is where most of refugees are arriving and they are just trying to stem the tide to move them away from this city so there is balance again . 
  also this minister is know for playing into right wing rural hands . 
  next time read the article . 
  you shame us by wearing our * fleg * and writing such pure bollox . 
  thank you . 
  how long it takes to get to a fucking sensible statement over all this extreme right wing sensationalism and nutjobs . 
  i was n't aware of how bad things have got in this subreddit when people only read the title of an article and use this to jump to conclusions or push their agenda . 
  yes let us wage economic war on our friends . 
  some solidarity . 
  she literally said that there was no limit . 
  which is a codified legal fact in germany . 
  this has been spun into some fucking open arms invitation and sensationalised beyond the point of being funny anymore . 
  as it has been said many times the refugees will only be entitled to live and work and collect social benifits in the country they are assigned so it is not as simple as just walking back to germany when you have a papertrail on you . 
  such a highly educated and reasonable comment .
