  i find it a bit disengenuous to say that the average uk citizen could have predicted what was to come in ireland in 1910 when the status quo for the last few 6 decades from that point had been rebellion/uprising followed by repression and violence . 
  the difference is that war changed in scale and impact , and how nations deal with their differences changed . 
  there was devolution and independence in irelands case , which unsuprisingly brought more or less an end to the conflict that was about devolution and independence . 
  maybe i was n't super specific enough ? 
  the people of europe are afraid of regional arms conflicts spiraling into massive mobilized total warfare in europe as it brought devastation on a massive scale since the french revolution . 
  it took us a while and a few million dead souls to get the hang of it , but we 've more or less managed to hold a peace since we mostly ousted the aristocratic class as a source of power , forged friendships based on co-operation and forgave old rivalries . 
  well i mean considering ireland has had a rebellion every 25 years on average since the 1500 's it should n't come as too much of a shock . 
  in fact i think we 're due a bit of a rebellion in the next couple years . 
  thats about 4 major open revolts every century for 500 years . 
  not exactly what i would call unpredictable . 
  especially when you consider that once we had independence we * had a rebellion against the rebellion that won independence * and that spiraled into civil war . 
  theres a quite vast chasm between colonial repression and total warfare between technologically advanced mobilised populations . 
  having colonies is n't really the same as fighting a war . 
  and since then the vast majority of those colonies have been disolved . 
  power hungry aristocratic mad men who dream of empire like franz conrad von h\u00f6tzendorf do n't get automatic positions of political power in europe anymore just for being in the military . 
  nowadays they have to sell their wars to the people , not scheme behind closed doors and force millions of men women and children to suffer for his war mongering misguided ambitions . 
  you should read some books about him and how the public perception of him evolved from saint like reverence in austria to a warmongering inept imperialist . 
  europe was a powder keg in 1916 , and the doctrine of thought had n't caught up with the technological capabilities . 
  nowadays europe is a couple of pop rocks doused in wine and the average man fears the nuclear bomb . 
  we are the same but different . 
  ahem , have you read literature since 1918 ? 
  once war became total war no one wanted it anymore , to see millions of people ground into paste for a few squate miles of empire . 
  something like 40 % or less germans would be willing to defend a nato ally who was attacked , that seems like a pretty low tolerance for war . 
  consider that from the year 900 , ( even before if you want to talk romans ) when europe has been in wars of all scales , sizes and reasons until 1940 's when the true toll of total warfare was realised and since we have only had combat related deaths in the hundreds/thousands rather than the hundreds of thousands in a month i would think we are pretty conflict averse . 
  this is the most peaceful time europe has ever experienced in probably 2,000 years of tribalism , feudalism , mercantalism and nationalism . 
  i 'm talking about * right now * . 
  i didnt say it was a uniquely europeam thing . 
  ahem , i do n't think i said anywhere that these things were uniquely european things in common . 
  just that they were good reasons for europeans , and nations in general to work together . 
  would you say that there is solidarity between political parties like sinn fein and fianna fail ? 
  or conservatives and liberals ? 
  of course not , they live to disagree and argue but when shit hits the fan they will stand in solidarity . 
  much like a family , we will bicker over the roast potatoes and how long you spend in the shower but when tradegy occurs we set asside our differences to get through them . 
  that is solidarity in my opinion , we do not walk around with each others cocks in our hands circlejerking and being yes men but we disagree , argue and bicker but we stand united when the times require us to . 
  there are a lot of similarities between eu countries . 
  ireland and the uk for example are more or less culturally and racially very similar ( despite what irish nationalists wish to tell you ) . 
  i could go on and on listing the similarities between each nation in europe but i 'll do a quick summation . 
  generally speaking , the people of countries in the eu are war/conflict averse . 
  they also largely support welfare programs , like universal healthcare and unemployment subsidies . 
  they are pro-free trade , ( as in actual free trade like tariff reduction etc ) we predominantly share religious roots in abrahamic religions ( dominance to christianity ) [ and non-beleivers are not killed ] we value education and scientific research . 
  we * want * eu solidarity . 
  shall i continue to list similarities between the peoples of europe ? 
  we may speak different languages , and have differing opinions , but we share a vision for a europe free from war and prosperous for every citizen . 
  i think it is a good thing that france and germany will occassionally disagree . 
  having constant disagreements will mean that both parties will be required to understand each other and make calcualated sacrifices in the name of compromising their vision . 
  even if what the writer in the article says is true - that german politics to the greece crisis revolved around rules and responsibility while the french apprpach was solidarity based that is a good thing . 
  it means that two really important parts of the eu are getting representation from two of the most powerful eu nations . 
  if france and germany were just yes men to each other i would be really uncomfortable - but having an advocate for both responsibility and solidarity in the mainstay of eu makes me think much more highly of the eu and the project 's future . 
  * slowclap *, 
  no my little hairy island freund , und you shall be beaten until ze money komes out like you deserve . 
  i somewhat agree with this conclusion , greece was n't in a position to join the euro when it did , and unfortunately we are seeing the repercussions of this now . 
  fair enough , i was n't sure if you had seen it !, 
  read the ops comment above . 
  yeah this is also true . 
  edit : its like someone is trying to sow division and conflict in the eu . 
  its depends on where you went with regards to the corporatism . 
  obviously service sectors like coffee shops , fast food are mostly owned by large multinationals and franchises like starbucks and mcdonalds , but its easy to recognise them so you would n't really notice the mom and pop shops . 
  the place i buy my building supplies from is privately owned and ran by an irish citizen , where i get my lunch every day is privately owned and ran by an irish citizen . 
  where i pump my gas ? 
  yeah , thats a large multinationall - shell . 
  where i grocery shop ? 
  mostly tesco and lidle etc. 
  tesco is british , lidl/aldi are german , most of my business partners in construction are irish nationals . 
  its hardly on the scale of america , where there are virtually zero mom and pop stores . 
  i would personally say more people than ever in ireland are self employed because of how easy it is to be a sole trader/small company here . 
  people running trades companies and small businesses are all over the place . 
  i agree , the way the greeks are being treated and portrayed is ver unfair and dishonest . 
  that is why i said de-facto . 
  as in by default or literal hegdemon rather than the de jure hedgemon which would be germany holding all the power . 
  theres no denying that when a decision needs to be made everyone considers germany to be the canary in the mine alongside france ( and increasingly in recent years poland ) while britain is considered the proverbial wrench who likes to cause a fuss and poke things this way and that to suit her interests . 
  while germany is the de facto hedgemon france is the de-facto anti-hedgemon in that while france also wields a large share of the power in the eu they are often the counterweight or slingshot to things in berlin [ and vice versa ] while germany is undeniably more powerful than france in the ez taken as a single country , the difference between the two countries is relatively small if you were to consider the difference between say lithuania and poland , or ireland and france . 
  in my opinion it is also good that germany is flanked by friendly but challenging neighbours like france and poland who are more than happy to work with the german movers and shakers but are also more than happy to confront them diplomatically and forge their own movement and shaking when it is needed . 
  i 'm not saying the eu marches solely to the german beat , but they do have considerable influence over the tempo . 
  i mean in fairness , the centers in ireland are catering to europe not just ireland . 
  is it unreasonable for them to want multi-lingustic employees in a union of countries that do n't all speak the same language ? 
  how many irish nationals does you think are qualified for the job at facebook and also speak swiss/dutch/norweigian / polish/danish . 
  i would wager that very few would because we already have a very common language in english which most of biggest trade partners speak ( britain , america and most german people speak english ) theres very little incentive for irish nationals to learn foreign languages of the eu outside french and german ( which are pushed in schools ) . 
  having a single hub simplifies the organisation and legal red tape of a company - which is another reason those jobs are posted in ireland - and those eu nationals who meet those requirements are more than welcome to come , work here and share in irelands tech industry . 
  yes , the tax helps the situation , but it is not the * sole * reason for investment in ireland by these multinationals . 
  the reason you dont see job postings for swedish speakers with degrees in american bases of these companies because a : the supply of swedish people is low and so is the demand . 
  whereas a european hub requires people who speak every language . 
  the employees are not kept on constant call , they are given their work schedules ahead of time ( often times weeks in advance ) with only occasional emergency call ins when someone is sick or a problem occurs . 
  temporary labour used to fill this void but with temporary labour there is often a disconnect between the temp and the workplace , the quality of the work they do and every time they are brought in there is some time to be spent on educating , training and making sure they have their certifications and insurance to work on the construction site . 
  by using contractors we can build good long term working relations with the contracted employee , cut down on costs associated with sourcing and training good workers by simple being able to be flexible to the ebb and flow of the market demand . 
  the employees are not at our beck and call , these arrangements often give them financial freedom , the van driver i contract for example to deliver our goods to building sites negotiated a pay increase for himself today ( 100-400 more euro a week depending on how busy we are and whether he has a helper , bringing him to 900-1300 a week depending a pretty good salary if you ask me even when you keep in mind toll costs , diesel , the fact he owns and maintains his own van and insurance ) additionally the experience with the management of their own affairs can often land them in better jobs , i 've lost some contractors to this who got hired as managers of competing firms due to the fact they had experience in running themselves as a business and the administration that comes with it aswell as some employees who have refused those jobs because they enjoy the freedom that comes with the contract . 
  anything can be good or bad , it depends on how its used . 
  i like to think we 've created a company culture that shares the benefits of the labour with all our employees which worked to our advantage during the collapse of the construction sector when many of the employees voluntarily took pay cuts to help keep the business afloat because they knew we were n't trying to fuck them out of money . 
  i cant speak for other employers , but i feel at my firm we are doing our best to embody the spirit of what the contracts are supposed to be employed . 
  i 'm sure there are unscrupulous employers out there who squeeze thenfuck out of their contractors but construction is a small industry here . 
  i know a lot of people who refuse to work with our competitors due to late payments and fucking them around to no end . 
  that in my opinion is no way to do business . 
  * 54 % of russians have completed a tertiary education degree ( college ) . 
  this has more to do with how their education system is structured - it is different from the west and what we would consider a `` technical degree '' like college entry programs they consider a tertiary degree . 
  when analyzed the age group 35-39 only 20 % or so were found to have been college educated with bachelors or more . 
  * they have to import talent because the irish population can not keep up with the demands of multinationals in terms of raw skills output aswell as some graduates of prestigious universities all over europe finding it easy to be hired . 
  i find it fascinating that skilled and educated workers being welcomed and finding it easy to relocate to ireland to work in high-tech companies os a bad thing . 
  * even zero hour contract workers are protected under the [ organisation of working time act 1997 ] ( http://www.irishstatutebook.ie/1997/en/act/pub/0020/index.html ) which states that even on a zero hour contact where the employee is offered no work during a given week they are entitled to 25 % or 15 hours of work whichever is lesser worth of pay . 
  ie if you are expected to do 40 hours a week , you are entitled to 10 hours pay even if you work 0 hours in a given week . 
  if you worked 5 hours of a required 40 , an additional 5 would be payed to make sure you reached the 25 % baseline . 
  * once again on zero hour contracts , i am in fact an employer in an industry that has seasonal spikes in employmeny demand who uses zero hour contracts because of this .
