  ... are you 12 years old ? 
  if the fates of millions of people lay in your hands what would you do ? 
  it is not a sham of democracy , say what you want about the greek peoples ability to make a call on such a referendum but now the greek negotiators have an absolute hardline that comes directly from the people . 
  a no to austerity , underwritten by the pooulace means that if the two parties want to reach an agreement then they will have to build their solution around the results of this referendum . 
  that was the point . 
  after dealing with an unreasonable man of incredible proportions , dealing with a run of the mill unreasonable man seems like a holiday in marseille . 
  yanis said months ago that his career in politics would be short , and he was essentially fired . 
  rather , he was asked to resign which is political speak for fired . 
  i mean yanis said from the start that his career in politics would be a short one . 
  i 'm pretty sure we manufactured nearly half the world supply of viagra before the patent expired . 
  irish gdp was held up by old man boners . 
  theres a difference between tax evasion and tax avoidance . 
  there is nothing illegal about any company `` putting its tax '' through ireland , which i assure you quite a lot do n't . 
  the reason ireland does well is geographics stability for technology companies [ seismic activity makes a lot of precision microchip manufacturing quite hard ] a highly educated workforce that accepts relatively low wages compared to similarly educated workers in europe ( not by much but everything counts ) . 
  we also manufacture a huge amount of medical stuff like viagro . 
  the tax rate is only one aspect of irelands advantages that attract multinationals , but its easier to just blame it on that to get blood flowing and get people to turn their critical thinking off is n't it ? 
  ireland owes a lot to america and europe who helped develop us into a wealthy and stable nation , but i 'll be damned if ny country will be disengenuously criticised for having a simplified tax system that does n't require backroom deals , bribes and a legal team to simple operate in . 
  i believe it has something to do with their mandate . 
  they were unable to reach the mandate they were elected on a feel it would be undemocratic to make a sweeping decision on the future of greece without the `` go ahead '' from the greek people . 
  i 'm also a fan of them . 
  * they 're bleedin ' deadly . 
  i do n't think a moderator should be removed for making a flub . 
  give constructive feedback , take note of it and if no improvement is made go to head mod with evidence and request a replacement moderater . 
  * ah lads would yis wind down a bi ' he 's doin ' his may west . 
  ballsy move cotton lets see how it plays out . 
  would they not just let things be as they may ? 
  * ah here , jaysus , leave it out . 
  [ \u51f8 ( \uff40 \u2312 \u00b4 \u30e1 ) \u51f8 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hc-ffcbd3_k ), 
  i translated some of the words , but yes my irish is pure shite . 
  better than 90 % of the people not in the ghaeltacht . 
  * there now secret dutch frenchman are you happy ? 
  you 're invited if you 'd like !, 
  t\u00e1 m\u00e9 ag iarraidh i gc\u00f3na\u00ed chun lynch poibl\u00ed sasanach i bpost cumhachta * i 've always wanted to publicly lynch an englishman in a position of power . 
  i 'm ok with them being stripped of their power . 
  but there should be precedent for a monarch to break their `` silence '' in certain pressing situations . 
  i would personally disagree on your first point , the irish crash was mainly caused by relying heavily on fdi from america and britain , who also invest in each other . 
  when an american bank which had been horrendously mismanaged collapsed this led to ripples throughout the eurozone causing many problems for americans , irish and british people , not to forget that these ripples affected and were affected by the financial repercussions elsewhere in the eu - see portugal , italy , spain and greece . 
  to break it down in a more defined manner . 
  in my opinion the irish problem was mainly caused by a couple of key points : a : the abuse of cheap credit by the government to fund social programs to buy votes . 
  b : the lack of market lending oversight which led to an incredibly overbloated construction industry fuel by a demand itself had created . 
  it was on par with the beanie baby craze . 
  people were buying property simply because property was increasing in value . 
  a lot of people had 2-3 + homes/rental properties , particularly the middle class . 
  c : the collapse of the lehman brothers bank in america and the repercussions of such on the financial lending and investment markets who provided a massive amount of fdi . 
  d : deregulation of the mortgage industry with 0 % mortgages [ meaning you needed 0 capital to secure a mortgage ] . 
  nowadays you need 20 % of the value of the home as down payment i believe . 
  i agree however though that if we are to use the same interest rate accross europe we must be considered a singular economy or abolish the interest rate . 
  either we stand united under a single economy and rate , or let the chips fall where they may with national governments with more local control of their financial sectors and economies . 
  a mixed system of any hybrid form will never work . 
  so on that part of your point we agree . 
  as to your second point i somewhat have to agree again , the nebulousness of the eu and the institutions involved means that there is very little visible oversight to the average punter . 
  as much as i dislike the majority of media outlets being shills for money . 
  i also agree with regards to the eu courts , although some of the decisions they have made are positive in my opinion . 
  mandating that controlling for gender in insurance risk and premium assessment is a miniscule issure in my mind . 
  i have n't read the actual paperwork to do with the obesity decision but i would hope they have sense and it only extends to people who are medically in danger of serious conditions with extreme levels of obesity in order to help them find treatment and rehabilitation . 
  i 'm also not a big fan of the right to be forgotten stuff though personally . 
  no one has the right to be forgotten , they have the right to make amends , but not to have their past wiped clean . 
  could you give me some examples of things that lead you to this conclusion ? 
  i like learning about `` the other sides '' thoughts on issues , since i 'm generally pro-euro and eu myself . 
  may i ask what your specific issues with the eu are ? 
  i meant eu, 
  there is a difference between cutting the sovereign grant , and threatening to cut the sovereign grant if the queen does not march the party line . 
  one is economical , the other is blackmail . 
  i ca n't see how her comments will have political repercussions . 
  but i can see how people would twist it . 
  regardless of whether britain remains in the eu , they will be adopting policies of diplomatic conflict resolution , trade agreements , visa simplifications with european countries [ particularly ireland and franco-belgi-dutch-german countries ] . 
  the question is whether they implement the policies of co-operation within the euro or without . 
  i am not a betting man but i would bet that if britain were to leave the euro , very little would change for the average european person except our maps on the eu would not include britain . 
  its not like they 're going to close the island up and start fabricating claims on dublin and friesland because they leave the eu . 
  britain 2 : electric boogaloo, 
  monarchs should never speak * in favour * the government . 
  if they approve they should be silent . 
  if they disapprove there might be a case made to warn the populace . 
  thats just hypotethical though , in this case it is merely an old lady who saw a continent decimated by war and rebuilt in her lifetime showing her approval for the steps that have been taking and warning against the danger of regression . 
  ca n't say i disagree with her . 
  i doubt you would find an mp , even cameron , who would be willing to attempt to manipulate the monarchy as the potential for that to backfire in not only career destroying proportions but political party decimation would be also on the cards if the plan went awry . 
  if the parliament were to use the sovereign grant as a way to apply political pressure do you think the monarchy would sit idly ? 
  upsetting the balance is bad for the monarchy and the government . 
  i mean , i find it rather backwards to strip them of their power and voice . 
  i can see how it is relatively important in cases hundreds of years ago when a few words from a monarch could start a royalist civil war , but i doubt their would be many britons/belgians/dutch who want to start a fight over what a monarch said in the 21st century . 
  i would n't necessarily classify saying that europeans need to work together and avoid armed conflict as being a political statement , merely a sensible one . 
  monarchs have spoken against their governments before . 
  its an important reminder for some lay people to pay attention . 
  since in this modern world monarchs dont really have a horse in the race politically we can assume they are speaking in the best interests of the people . 
  you 're not even really an island . 
  you 're wild untamed lands are something marine biologists should study . 
  because it it fun to say , przhemsill, 
  i 'm in but we have to be allowed to rename the british isles to the irish great barrier reef . 
  \u00ac noneutrality givemeall 999999, 
  if we thought digging back and giving the land to the `` rightful '' owners then we would waste an awful lot of time , money and emotional capacity . 
  best to just accept the status quo , and move onwards into a better world . 
  we 'd still be caught in conflict if we tried to sort out stuff that happened hundreds of years ago . 
  lets focus on the shite in front of us . 
  depressingly accurate, 
  we dont even have enough houses or jobs for ourselves and we 're going to pay many thousands to house people with no ties to our country . 
  we could spend the same money where they are coming from and see an exponential result , but it is far easier to just accept a trickle of these poor unfortunate souls and pretend we are helping . 
  i dont know which sources you have been reading but greece was pretty agressively implementing the austerity measures . 
  if they were not implementing them , how do you explain syrizia coming to plwer on campaign promises to roll back the austerity measures ? 
  i mean i can sort of see where you are coming from , but i 'm having a hard time picturing people who were 18 when the crisis began living beyond their means these last years when youth unemployment is ski high . 
  many of the people who graduated in 2008/9 have been unemployed for over half a decade , can you not empatise with their anger when some foreign governments which seem to not have the economic problems of greece are telling you that you live beyond your means and we must cut benefits .
