   that 's not how it works . 
   the eu grants asylum as well as refugee status to those who reach it ( if certain conditions are met ) . 
  refugees , in theory , have to stay in the first eu country they reach , but they are allowed to stay after they got here ( and receive asylum , refugee status or something along these lines ) . 
  it 's [ exactly how it works ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/3ae68ccec.html ) . 
  we have obligation to grant asylum to those who reach us as the ** `` first safe country '' ** . 
  which is exactly 0 people , since the migrants face no physical harm in turkey . 
   you do realise a politically incorrect junker would have said `` those niggers do n't deserve to be in the eu '' , right ? 
  he would have said that only if he really thought it . 
  i do n't think he thinks it , so , no , he would n't have said that . 
   so you still only dislike political correctness when you are not the recipient . 
  i do n't mind if he 's being politically incorrect towards me , personally . 
  i actually kind of like that , pc speech is too sanitized . 
  what i do n't like is the president of the eu completely discounting the opinions of half of eu population . 
  it 's not about * how * he says it , it 's about * what * he says . 
  he 's supposed to represent us , so obviously saying things akin to `` eastern members should go fuck themselves '' is unacceptable * not * because it 's not pc , but because it discounts half the eu . 
  ** example : if he says `` easterners are poor braindead fuckwits , but they are half the eu so we have to take their proposals into account '' , i 'll be 100 % ok with that . 
  if germany closes border , austria closes border , slovenia too , then croatia , then serbia and then montenegro . 
  hopefully then greece gets pissed and starts turning back the boats , all be damned . 
  there will be some 10-30k trapped in eu countries on the route , but we can deal with that . 
  what we can not deal is the several millions that will come in the next 12 months if we * do n't * close the borders . 
   and the eu simply ca n't close its borders completely . 
  there is no legal way to keep refuges out . 
  false . 
  no eu country is the first safe country for any of these refugees , therefore we have absolutely no obligation to take a single one . 
  well , from our point of view , the eurozone chose to integrate monetarily which brings with itself a lot of necessary `` federalization '' . 
  so when germany started ordering you around and basically holding you hostage , i was pissed , but i interpreted it as an inevitable outcome of joining the euro . 
  now , however , germany feels like ordering around countries not in the eurozone and outside of eurozone context . 
  that 's something i did n't think would happen . 
  sorry , no . 
  we do n't want them . 
  either take them if you do , or close the border . 
  eu has changed a lot in those past 6 months , so it 's reasonable to change opinion in that timespan . 
   this is irrelevant to your complaint . 
  your opinion is just as valid , and this is confirmed by the fact your representatives have a valid vote in the eu institutions -- oh and where , by the way , your personal individual vote counts for more than the average german individual vote . 
   whether or not somebody deserves to be in the eu is a matter of subjective opinion and has nothing to do with the validity of your own opinions . 
  if the president is directly elected , he will internalize this as well . 
  so far he 's completely ignoring us . 
   so you mean he would be more politically correct , right ? 
  no , he would be more conscious what people he 's supposed to represent . 
  i personally want him to be as politically incorrect as possible . 
  i think hollande just likes his vino . 
  because he is supposed to be the president of the entire eu , not just a german lackey . 
  our opinion is just as valid as the german one . 
  if he was democratically elected , he would consider our opinion far more . 
  well , i was trying to point out that he will appeal to a lot of eurosceptics throughout the entire union . 
  and there 's a lot of us . 
  i do n't want him to be politically correct . 
  i want him to stop saying things like our countries do n't deserve to be in the eu and similar bullshit . 
  he has my vote . 
  finally . 
  if directly elected , the president will think twice before using such shameful language against eastern europeans as we 've heard from juncker . 
  come again ? 
  well , by quoting the entire paragraph , i was pointing out that such policy would be inconsistent with the `` maintaining our countries '' , as you yourself admitted . 
  thus making your theory internally inconsistent . 
  what you are describing here differs than what you said previously . 
  it 's very misguided , but at least internally consistent . 
  question : are you donating all your disposable income to malawi ? 
   for practical reasons we should maintain our own countries , and after that our allies , first , but in the grand scheme of things it 's just as horrible if an african is killed by boko haram than if a dutchman is . 
  ** if a foreigner can be helped by the same amount at way less cost than a dutch person , they should be , national borders be damned . 
  ** that 's not an internally consistent philosophy . 
  by that logic , netherlands should cancel all welfare benefits , unemployment , healthcare , education and send all money to malawi , the poorest country in the world . 
  are you saying you want that ? 
  me too . 
  sadly , it 's a hard political pill to swallow so the politicians are afraid to agree to it . 
  and the iranians are n't even obligated to drink it . 
  i kind of liked maggie . 
  well , that 's kind of * logical * is n't it ? 
  it 's easy to shoot you the basic talking points . 
  but you always want to get technical to every little detail of my plan to try to find even a tiny crack that would in your eyes completely disintegrate it . 
  i do n't have time to wage a 3 hour discussion with 10 paragraph posts one after another . 
  find someone else to bamboozle . 
   the problem is not similar at all . 
  not in scope , not in proximity , not in laws , not in the nature of the entity solving it ( australia is an unitary state ) . 
  there is nothing similar about the problems at all except for `` brown people crossing water '' . 
  are you a racist ? 
  it was n't brown people with australia , it was yellow people . 
  but race does n't matter , why the hell should it ? 
  calm your racist thoughts . 
  on the rest , the two of us have already discussed this exact topic , so forgive me if i wo n't indulge you again , it 's pretty tiring . 
  position does n't matter . 
  the problem is identical in nature , only scope is different . 
  and building 20 camps instead of 1 really is n't a problem , since we are also 20 times larger economy . 
   the fact it has not been proposed yet should tell you everything you need to know . 
  it tells me the left is by far stronger in europe than in australia , that 's all . 
  there is no credible source since this has not been proposed yet . 
  this is my estimation . 
  i 'm basing my entire argument on the fact that the exact same thing has already been done by australia , therefore it is completely possible to do by the eu . 
  i do , ca n't you see my username ? 
   i read your comment , but frankly `` closing the borders '' is not the most pressing issue . 
  lol . 
  how can you say that when each day 10,000 people enter the eu ?!?!?!? 
  i 'm completely stunned . 
   also everyone supports stricter border controls at the eu outer borders , but matter of the fact is the greek navy does n't do it and so do other outer borders from schengen . 
  germany has no outer eu borders germany is blocking closing of the borders . 
   you know that these detention centers will be very very hard to sell to the german people at least . 
  in that case , you 're free to take all those people to germany . 
   also again how do you pay for the highly increased costs for these camps ? 
  increased eu funds . 
   also what airplanes will be used to fly people out to these camps if they are found in europe ? 
  airplanes with wings preferably .
