  the quotas are about processing asylum requests and * then * taking in those people . 
  and the people distributed under quotas are people with high likelihood of being granted asylum ( iraqi , syrians , eritreans , etc. 
  ) , therefore the vast majority will be resettled on your territory against your will . 
  what a juncker !, 
   the dark ages are not some magical period where live came to a grinding halt and everybody stopped having an iq of 2 all of a sudden when the clock rung 12 at the 31st of december in the year 1499 . 
  i never implied such a thing in the slightest . 
   so please educate yourself . 
  mind your language . 
  and what about big mac , vincent ? 
  they have febo though , it 's delicious as hell !, 
  even a broken clock is right two times a day . 
  from wiki :  beginning in italy , and spreading to the rest of europe by the 16th century so , yes , you could say what you said , but i 'll counter that the renaissance people most often refer to is the europe-wide renaissance of 16th and 17th century . 
  after all , it is supposed to be the bridge between the middle ages and modernity . 
  therefore i believe that ottoman conquests `` coincided with the european dark ages even though it admittedly lasted a bit longer afterwards . '', 
  as stated above . 
  since the dark/middle ages are considered to have ended at the end of 15th century , i beg to disagree . 
  the last ottoman conquests in europe ended in 1566 , merely 74 years after columbus sailed into the wide blue yonder . 
  no argument about that , the fall of constantinople is generally taken as the end of european dark/middle ages . 
  the ottoman 's period of conquest was quite short . 
  oh , i misunderstood , i thought you meant that they kept making conquests , since your original comment was :  they pretty much whiped the floor with christian monarchies for 400 years after columbus sailed the ocean blue . 
  yes , they did manage to barely hold a lot of their european territory until 1800 's , but they certainly were not wiping the floor with anybody . 
  they benefited from europe being divided into significantly smaller entities than they were , which made the reconquest take quite some time . 
  however , throughout all that time , europe far outstripped them scientifically , politically and even militarily if compared 1:1 . 
  [ conquest ] ( https://www.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/english/conquest ) , n : a territory which has been subjugated by military force . 
  no expansion , no conquest . 
  eh , that was just a freudian slip . 
  not really , on [ this map ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ottoman_empire#/media/file:ottomanempirein1683.png ) you can see that the last territorial conquests of the ottomans against the europeans ended in 1566 , merely 74 years after columbus sailed off into the sunset . 
  please see the last paragraph of my comment , it 's especially relevant to your argument . 
   and why the hell not ? 
  in a free society , both would be allowed , with equal air-time . 
  why would you give it equal air time ? 
  i think you 've been watching too much fox `` news '' . 
  we as a society decided that denying deaths of millions of people , whether they were jews , arabs or atheists for the matter is heinous , and should not be allowed . 
  whereas we decided that caricaturing people , fictitious or not , is perfectly fine . 
  we do n't make distinction based on religion or ethnic group . 
  we make distinction on the action . 
  drawing = good , denying genocides = bad . 
   most hatred of muslims is heavily laden with racial language , negative racial stereotype portrayals of arabs , south asians , etc. 
  that is a complete fabrication as this subreddit is proof of . 
  most hatred against muslims is for their radical militant beliefs and actions . 
  you seek only to muddy the waters by calling the `` racist '' card here . 
   i 'm very good at playing that slippery game , but it does n't fool me . 
  there is nothing wrong with criticising , insulting , and humiliating jews if there is nothing wrong with the same for muslims . 
  as i already explained , one can not compare ethnic groups which one does * not * chose to be a part of to religious ideas , which everyone * does * chose to believe in or not . 
  if you fail to see the difference , then there is something seriously wrong with your moral compass . 
  however , i 'll have to excuse myself , i do n't have the stomach to argue with you any further when you 're making these kinds of perverted arguments . 
  nevertheless , i wish you a good day . 
  i personally hold the belief that `` hate speech '' laws are an overall negative to society . 
  if it was up to me , the only speech i would ban would be inciting speech ( let 's cut the throats of the ___ , etc. ) . 
  but , speaking of french society , you simply * can not * even compare denying the holocaust to drawing mohammed . 
  and lastly , i hope you understand that hate speech against ethnic group of people ( since jews are an ethnic group , not just religious ) is heinous , whereas making fun of a religion ( voluntary belief ) is completely incomparable as well . 
  i wished not to convey arrogance but to simply defend myself when my knowledge of history was subject to doubt . 
  i believe knowledge of history is paramount in understanding the world around us , thus i take pride in it . 
  they certainly were not very selective , they made fun of all religions and kinds of people . 
  i myself have a copy at home where they 're making fun of the pope , yet no one seems to have murdered them for that . 
  i am treated the way i 'd like by the vast majority of debaters in here . 
  i have ended a discussion like this only two or three times in my very numerous debates here . 
  you are the rude and arrogant exception . 
  you have persisted in your arrogant ways and therefore i bid you goodbye . 
  totally likeminded pc individual !, 
  i am honoured by your words , i wish i will be able to live up to them !, 
   no stormfront for me , though i 'll admit , i find some / pol / memes kinda funny , that 's about it . 
  your response is very arrogant , if you continue i will disengage from the conversation . 
  my answer begins this way ( and it 's customary and polite to actually read the entire response ) , because your proposal involves stuffing large amounts of migrants into countries which do not want them and in which the migrants do not want to be in . 
  a large amount of arab muslim migrants , as i outlined . 
  that is a recipe for an explosive situation , hence my response . 
  the negatives of significant migration of large arab muslim population into cohesive societies of individual eu member states have been debated here for long months now , let 's not pretend it has n't been beaten to death . 
  getting smuggled by water is extremely easy , since nobody has the power to stop you . 
  getting smuggled by land over short fenced european borders is extremely hard bordering on impossible in any significant numbers . 
  and those fences will be in slovenia and hungary . 
  therefore the refugees might choose to remain in croatia or possibly greece , both of which they view as unacceptable and the migrants themselves have voiced numerous times they would rather return home if that was the case . 
  and it 's an even better '' [ ballet ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wto10xgl0em ) '' !, 
  calling that a `` better '' solution is very subjective . 
  it 's certainly better for the migrants , but it 's truly worse for the member countries . 
  you speak of the current situation , where the fences are still incomplete , and in that you are right . 
  but if the fences are completed , the flow will be halted , and new migrants wo n't attempt the journey upon seeing there 's truly no way towards germany . 
   eliminating pull factor would be to discard dublin ii and define a common asylum policy , where you apply to asylum in the eu , not individual countries , and have no control over which country you will be assigned to . 
  that is true , but such a thing is completely unacceptable to a large number of member states and will never pass . 
  therefore we have to find other ways of reducing pull factors . 
  thankfully , fences work just as well . 
  germany is the biggest pull factor of europe . 
  if you put a wall between the migrants and germany , no matter where , and thus completely annihilate any chances of the migrants getting there ( and to sweden ) , you stop the migrants from coming . 
  this is about eliminating pull factors , it 's about what those fences and walls mean , not where they actually are . 
  jean-claude !, 
  that was just a translation of the same name so i do n't include it . 
  that 's utterly disgusting . 
  shame on you emmanuel todd . 
  i do not want to be a smart ass , i 'm simply using the generally accepted english name used by modern historians . 
  if i * wanted * to be a smart-ass , i 'd tell you that the greeks in fact did use the term `` new rome '' , but only in reference to the city of constantinople , not the entire empire , which they referred to simply as `` roman empire '' , since they considered themselves to be romans . 
  the city had a long naming history : byzantium -  nea rom\u0113 -  constantinople -  istanbul . 
  one city , four names , two empires . 
  edit : judging by the downvotes , knowledgeable people are not welcome here . 
  germany is the pull factor . 
  if you eliminate pull factors , you end the crisis . 
  if you 're referring to the late eastern roman empire badly mislabelled as `` byzantine '' by edward gibbon and his ilk , then i indeed have . 
  since you never know on the internet : european [ middle ages ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/middle_ages ) . 
  not to be confused with middle earth or middle east ( even though some similarities exist there ) . 
  not enough sharia-enforcers so far , so let 's hope they keep it that way . 
  their migration is coming primarily from asia , which i do n't mind at all . 
  the term `` dark ages '' is just an archaic term for the european middle ages , which did happen .
