  seriously , eu/germoney are getting ridiculously aggressive . 
  after decades of a time-tested tradition of seeking common ground among member states , they suddenly started dictating from on high . 
  this is not going to turn out well . 
  luxembourg is the most linguistically interesting place on the planet . 
  i never understood how you manage to teach all your kids german , then french , then possibly english all on top of luxembourgish . 
  it 's also the only multi-lingual country on earth where the language used does n't depend on territory , but on context . 
  hehehe . 
  beautiful manipulation , you say that i 'm `` not willing to discuss opinions not close to your own '' like it was a fact and not something you fabricated on the spot . 
  bravo !, 
  oh , well , that 's to be expected after such emotional exploitation by the media . 
  has the effect persisted until today however ? 
  yes , i am one of the hundreds of thousands of users of / r/europe who consider the migrant wave a serious problem and thus are discussing and upvoting opinions close to our own . 
  you appear to be part of the delusional section that thinks that one discussion on stormfront that literally went nowhere and did not organize any brigade is proof that we are all swarmed with well organized neo-nazis . 
  now you 're accusing me of milking karma . 
  you are a wonderful human being . 
  oh , you gave me the benefit of the doubt , how gracious of you after calling me a nazi !, 
  you explained to me the meaning of an english sentence , how gracious of you , i would n't understand without your guidance !, 
  well , first of all , i do n't give a fuck how it 's making me look . 
  you are full of bullshit and thus i had to respond , that 's all . 
  but after checking , yeah , i got upvoted quite a bit . 
  lol . 
  if you apologized and maybe not repeated the same bullshit next time , but no , you keep on the attack . 
  such a charming person . 
  nope . 
  there 's no saving you at this point . 
  no , we were talking about constitutional changes i would want to make , and you pointed out that a change that would allow me to treat them as sub-humans would be hard to make . 
  there 's no way around what you said . 
  maybe next time you will think more clearly about what the fuck you 're saying . 
  oh for fuck 's sake , here 's the complete sentence :  so in order to make turning refugees back or treating them as less-than-human ( as defined by human rights granted to non-refugees ) legal that changes absolutely nothing . 
  you are suggesting i want to treat these people as sub-humans . 
  you are repeating a tired ad hominem attack your side has been using for so long , it has lost all its meaning . 
  but it at least clearly indicates you are a person with which discussion is completely pointless . 
  no , the moment you paint me like a nazi treating them as sub-humans , i 'm out . 
  your stance actually makes more people die at sea . 
  please read the article . 
   so in order to make turning refugees back or treating them as less-than-human i see that further discussion is n't necessary . 
  of course , but as the refugee wave keeps accelerating over the next decade , it will unite the people . 
  in my country , 90-95 % of the people are against accepting more migrants already , so there 'd be absolutely no problem to change the constitution to deal with the problem . 
  but it 's quite possible to change the constitution in the relevant respects . 
  could i politely ask for a source on that ? 
  i 'm honestly interested . 
  the way i see it is this crisis is completely spiraling out of hand . 
  over a million will arrive just this year and absolutely all signs point to this trend accelerating beyond belief . 
  if we keep welcoming immigrants , in 2015 2-3 millions will come , 2016 maybe 5 millions and so on until something breaks . 
  so if you look at the crisis in this view ( which most of eastern europe is doing ) , redistribution is completely pointless , solves nothing , it actually makes the problem worse because it pushes the breaking point a bit further along . 
  it will be hard to stop the crisis , it will be unpopular , but unless it is stopped , redistribution makes no sense . 
  thanks !, 
  concerning media , i 'm really looking for some , usually weekly , * magazines * . 
  like time or the economist . 
  this weekly format is great because it concentrates on really important issues ( the mundane things i do n't care about ) , and allows for long and really in-depth articles . 
  any french magazines like that ? 
  also , besides media , do you visit some forums and the like ? 
  and even after inviting them to germany ( at least that 's how they interpreted it ) dump the rest in countries they do n't want to be in . 
  these consultations are very important , i implore everyone to fill them out . 
  that 's the only way we can have a voice on the matter , and do n't let things be decided by big companies . 
  well , race is something you can not chose , so it 'd be evil to discriminate people based on it . 
  believing in islam , what i see as the most violent , militant and oppressive ( especially against women ) religion today , that is completely a free choice , so it makes sense to dislike people for it . 
  from what i can see it mostly reflects the individual statements of the governments in question . 
  there might be inaccuracy in bulgaria which has flip-flopped . 
  why ? 
  i come to reddit because there 's both , and the discussion is n't nearly as retarded as the one under the articles . 
  but i 'll take whatever you can give me , 
  could you recommend some reddit-like sites or sites you yourself visit for an advanced french learner ? 
  as an advanced french learner , could you recommend me some french sites you visit ? 
  oh , i removed bulgaria but did n't change the count -- corrected . 
  i 'd be very interested in that if you can get it drawn up . 
  that 's a good question -- that possibility did n't occur to me . 
  who knows ? 
  so it seems you are indeed against the proposal for mandatory quotas ? 
  why then were you questioning / u/golemprague 's comment ? 
  i think slovenia is in austria-parroting mode , and as far as portugal goes i believe they 're following spain in voting for . 
  i too am kind of hoping the finns see what 's happening in sweden and would n't want to repeat it in their country . 
  especially now that sweden has decided to dump the unwanted upon you by not checking ids on trains to finland and norway . 
  what 's your stance on the matter ? 
  german is a regional language , not a world language by any stretch . 
  it 's only really relevant in 3 neighbouring countries . 
  yes i agree , they should learn english . 
  delusions . 
  because the uk could have ( and probably did ) arrested the people . 
  germany simply does n't have the capacity to arrest hundreds of thousands . 
  so it goes . 
   spare beds in 19 homes set aside for migrants were filled , and new ones were identified . 
  the building used the night before for the new syrian arrivals -- a disused brothel -- turned out to be particularly suitable : small rooms with separate showers and bathrooms . 
  `` it 's perfect , '' said jens hennig , one of the social workers running it . 
  a coat of white paint transformed the pink walls . 
  lol . 
  i wonder what would happen if somebody told the migrants that . 
  sad , oh well . 
  i can see it . 
  why do you think it 's shadowbanned ? 
  cool . 
  well , let 's hope for the best . 
  spain has declared itself for it along with france . 
  portugal will follow them i think , they already started building shelters etc. 
  austria is certain to follow their big brother , they have been very buddy buddy , and austrian pm has already declared it afaik . 
  ireland announced voting for afaik . 
  i think finland is the only true question mark . 
  the v4 are definitively against , that 's 4 . 
  romania and the baltics are probably against , that 's 4 more for a total of 8 . 
  given that uk and denmark wo n't vote because opt-outs and i hear ireland is voting for it , who are the remaining 5 ?
