  slovaks are like the brother that demands his own room because he 's too old to share . 
  an entitled-migrant fighting commando also known as the visegr\u00e1d four !, 
  well , to be honest , san marino * has * to be nice to you , ` cos you 've got them surrounded . 
  well , you 're right , while merkel * does * rule them , they do n't get to vote for her . 
  of course it is n't , let 's not give in to the pathos . 
  the life or death of one single human that none of us has ever met is inconsequential to us . 
  but the fact a migrant has now stabbed a police officer * is * quite consequential to us . 
  well , mainland europeans `` drive on the * left * side of their car '' , but stand on the right just like they drive . 
  now i 'm afraid of the kgb under my bed though ... : - x, 
  lol . 
  strange and kinda scary !, 
  i hesitated if i should upvote you or not , because what you 're saying is pretty far from `` pc '' . 
  but in truth , islam is by far the most * cultish * major religion today . 
  and events like this , which are by far not rare , make a really good argument for doing something about the current state of islam . 
  is it ? 
  i think the fact that the migrant stabbed a police man is the important part , honestly . 
   on roads , because we drive on the left , the faster moving , overtaking traffic on a dual-carriage-way goes to the left while the slower moving traffic goes to the right . 
  have you ever actually driven on dual-carriage roads in the uk ?!, 
  because i have , and that 's * not * how it works , man !, 
  i have to disagree , i just spent 2 weeks driving in the uk , and i thought it was absolutely * the tits !, 
  * i even started a new city in the game * cities : skylines * that drives on the left because of how awesome it was . 
  i never got this , if your country is driving on the * left * , why do you walk and stand on the tube escalators on the * right * ? 
  well , their perception is similarly clouded by a major pilitical/ethnic conflict with the jews . 
  so i think he 's right in saying we have no idea what the muslim-jew conflict in europe might escalate into . 
  it is an interesting phenomenon indeed . 
  and it kinda smells of the dreaded `` it 's the elites '' argument . 
  well , thanks !, 
   ad guardian : i 'm wondering whether it 's their normal readers commenting there or not . 
  because if so , that 'd be pretty wide gap between the stance of the paper and that of the readership . 
  but good for the commenters indeed !, 
  interesting !, 
  if you 're learning french , both bruxelles and gen\u00e8ve are absolutely marvellous , 5 days in paris and 3 days in one of those would be much more enjoyable i 'd say . 
  but depends on you of course . 
  london is a beautiful city , but it 's not as unique as amsterdam . 
  amsterdam is a category of its own . 
  i see !, 
  definitively go to amsterdam over london . 
  amsterdam is perhaps the most unique european capital city there is . 
  it 's absolutely breathtaking ( go to the top of the [ central library ] ( http://www.tripadvisor.com/attraction_review-g188590-d1499038-reviews-central_library_openbare_bibliotheek-amsterdam_north_holland_province.html ) , it has stunning views !, 
  ) , there 's lots to do and the atmosphere is just unforgettable . 
  skip oslo though , there 's nothing there . 
  copenhagen and stockholm are both * much * better choices . 
  and if i may , 8 days in paris is far too long unless you want to visit a huge amount of museums , i 'd suggest using the days for some of the other cities like prague . 
  when will the croatian-hungarian border fence be finished ? 
   some 2.6 million people in the former soviet republic of moldova speak a variety of romanian , called variously moldovan or romanian by them . 
  it appears to be ( mostly ) the same language . 
  ah , ok , i might have overestimated / r/european then . 
  i visited it like two days ago for a quick check of two or three threads and did n't see as much blatant racism like a month or two ago , so i figured it must be getting better , but i did n't venture further . 
  i 'm not saying western europe should close it 's borders to them , i 'm saying this guy probably knows what he 's talking about . 
  the circumstances might not translate well to general european population , but the jews will not have it easy in europe once again . 
   and most of the refugees are not from palestine . 
  afaik there 's a general `` strong dislike '' of jews among the arab population . 
  lol . 
  well , if he has a bias it 's due to negative personal experiences . 
  so that means that european jews will quite possibly get the very same negative personal experiences . 
  which is true . 
  there is a far larger percentage of muslims in israel than in any european country , so he obviously has much extensive knowledge and experience on the issue then the average european . 
  because i 've argued with you before . 
  i 'm sorry , but we 're not building any boogeyman , we 're `` circlejerking '' against people like you who go willy nilly calling people racist , when i am certain you wo n't find a single racist thing in my comment/post history . 
  well , you 're on the left of the political spectrum , and you hate my opinions because they 're to the right of your opinions . 
  therefore you attack me , by stating i 'm * too far * right of your opinions that i must be an extremist . 
  and since the far-right is seen as racist and xenophobic . 
  so if a leftist runs out of reasonable arguments and feels like he 's losing the debate , he just calls the other person a racist xenophobe to try to win the argument by an ad hominem attack . 
  and since the leftists are pretty much losing any good arguments when the situation is becoming quite clear that those are really millions upon millions of people coming , they scream insults more and more . 
  ah , there we go , the typical substantive argument of the leftist . 
   edit : ah , so he calls me racist without any factual basis , and i get downvoted for calling him a leftist , which i have basis for , and it 's not even an insult ? 
  nice . 
  true . 
  but it 's still neighbouring another romance language regions . 
  the same way that portugal is , which also is n't technically mediterranean country . 
  romania is the only country separate from the others . 
  yep , edward * `` i 'm a huge cock '' * gibbon . 
  for it to be a circlejerk , only one side would have to be represented here . 
  i still see a lot of heated discussion between the two sides , so not a circlejerk just yet . 
   it used to be for europe more than it is today . 
  it is for the lowest common denominator if it 's for anything these days . 
  i used to come here all the time before and i 'm here all the time now . 
  it just changed from a really leftist sub to a more centre-right . 
  no matter what anyone says , not wanting migration to your country is not nazi/fascist/racist / far-right agenda . 
  and since i honestly do n't personally see any truth to comments like these , i assume it 's being said by left leaning people that feel they have been robbed of their meeting place , which i sympathize with , but that 's how it goes . 
  ^ ( to be clear , i mean absolutely no offence . ), 
  well , i 'm not here to hang with likeminded people , i 'm here to discuss with people of different opinion . 
  ~ ~ but then again , due to the rampant banning of anyone even mildly concerned about the migration here in / r/europe , / r/european is starting to be pretty normal sub , the racists were diluted a lot . ~ ~ edit : ok , i might have overestimated / r/european . 
  i visited it like two days ago for a quick check of two or three threads and did n't see as much blatant racism like a month or two ago , so i figured it must be getting better , but i did n't venture further . 
  some go to shit , not all . 
  the fact that some of the old guard do n't like the route the sub is taking does n't necessarily mean it went to shit . 
  i 'm an old guard myself , and i like the change . 
  i heard some mod describe the change like this : * it used to be a subreddit * about * europe but it has become a subreddit * for * europe * ( paraphrasing ) . 
  i kinda like that summary , and i like the new subreddit better . 
  i disagree . 
  of course many sources are encouraged , but both sides of the argument are represented here as well . 
  well , it 's still a bit distinct is n't it ? 
  the words for greek and roman are different in greek , are they not ? 
  `` byzantine empire '' is just a name given to the eastern roman empire during the period after the fall of the western one . 
  and the term was invented after the fact by a historian in the 18th century , because he did n't like the late roman empire . 
  and yes , the late roman empire was greek , but it was not greece . 
  there 's a bunch of greeks that would kick your ass up and down the greek region of macedonia for that comment . 
  you 're attracted to people only from these two nations ? 
  well , all romance language countries border each other except romania . 
  so they are unique still !,
