  -- ** important ** : due to time constraints , i am only able to respond to comments of ~ 1000 new characters or fewer ( 3-4 paragraphs ) . 
  * brevity is key to successful communication . 
  you 're right , i misread about the swedish government . 
  and i added two other sources . 
  do n't you mean the m-word ? 
  here are some articles about the practices of the norwegian barnevernet ( child protection services ) : * http://www.thelocal.no/20150512/norways-child-welfare-slammed-by-swedish-press * http://one-europe.info/grey-areas-of-democracy-when-law-and-order-push-the-limits * http://www.tnp.no/norway/panorama/2704-an-unfinished-debate-on-barnevernet it 's pretty shady and shameful . 
  they 're basically taking children of immigrants away based on false pretences , completely separating contact with the parents and educating the kids in the true norwegian culture and language . 
  if at first parents get granted visitation ( once or twice a year , which is then completely denied after a while ) , they are explicitly forbidden to speak their native language with their children . 
  there is a rather large campaign `` stop barnevernet '' on facebook and twitter . 
  numerous governments have also expressed their horror of their practices . 
  i ca n't help but find this year 's ig nobel prize for `` digital rectal massage '' far more exciting !, 
   one of the most contentious issues has been uk child support payments to migrants whose children remain in their country of origin . 
  wow , that 's just a blatant abuse of the system . 
  i fully support the uk in this renegotiation . 
  they have a pre-eminent position for migrant workers within the eu because of the english language , so they should be allowed extra protections . 
  both the euro and the greek crisis were * caused * by the eu , so saying we need more eu to solve the problems is kinda crazy . 
  and the migration crisis would * not * even be a crisis if we did n't have the eu/schengen . 
  every country would be responsible for its borders , so there would n't be a moral hazard when greeks do n't care who crosses their borders , because they know they 'll go to germany anyway . 
  russia wo n't become more resurgent , nato is n't going anywhere . 
  that is clearly obvious . 
   yes he does act rather childish in parliament , i see him as an anti-farage  he counters nigels shit spewing with his own . 
  it 's awesome to watch . 
  there we agree . 
  farage is a cunt too . 
  a cunt i kinda like , but a cunt nonetheless . 
  exactly . 
  if anything , the last few years have clearly shown europe is not ready for a federation , and if anything , eu is ready to die . 
  but again , that 's not why i think he 's a cunt . 
  edit : from the article :  those european countries who think the full membership is not their cup of tea , can apply for the second type : `` associate membership . '' this gives access to the internal market with its free movement of goods , services , capital and people . 
  you will only have to apply those rules and regulations that are necessary to create a level playing field in internal trade . 
  obviously , that also means you would no longer have full representation and the corresponding voting rights at eu level . 
  i love that idea though !, 
  i think associate membership would be great for my country , and many others . 
  let 's do this !, 
  no , he 's also strongly for abolishing sovereignty of countries , and some other issues . 
  but those are opinions . 
  i think he 's a cunt because of how he conducts himself . 
  i ca n't give you examples off the top of my head , but i 've been following him for a while and think he 's a cunt . 
  for instance he claimed that eastern europeans are '' * humiliating * '' the refugees . 
  well , i think that when eu-rules say you ca n't discriminate based on nationality , it means every other eu national has to get the same rights as the citizen of that country . 
  but since citizens of that country * do n't * have the right to be granted citizenship ( again ) , it 's perfectly legal . 
  it very well might be . 
  i 'm taking it from the map in the article , so it 's not very exact . 
  thus i decided to err on the side of caution . 
  well , london will pretty soon be more non-british than british . 
  that 's kinda scary . 
  the worst twat in the eu parliament . 
  yeah . 
  this speech made him * almost * seem like a human being . 
  but watch/read anything else he says or does , he 's a blithering idiot . 
  the people seem to disagree with you . 
  i think you mean muhammad . 
  well , not everyone has the time or the inclination to be a detective when reading your comments . 
  i was responding to your comment :  the relations eu-ch are being streamlined too , though . 
  the swiss even gave up their banking secrecy . 
  therefore , it was obvious i was talking about the banking secrecy . 
  for your current comment : so far eu has issued some pretty mild threats and done nothing of import . 
  let 's talk when they actually do something . 
  holy molly !, 
  this is * way * too long to read and respond to , man . 
  reddit is not my day job , sorry . 
  i think brevity is the key to successful communication . 
  that was because of the us . 
  i 'm not sure i believe linguists and translators can have an actual consensus , but if it really is so , you have found the 0.01 % . 
  well , i think it * would * change if the us collapsed . 
  not fast , but slowly over time . 
  lingua franca only works if it has good backing . 
  if people view the culture of the language as dominant and sexy . 
  if china started to be the pre-eminent power of the world by a large margin both in business and in culture exports , the baton of the lingua franca would slowly shift to chinese over time . 
  well , it is either the 0.01 % , or you 're not enough versed in the english language and culture to get all the jokes of the original version . 
  that is certainly possible , but i think eu has little credibility left already . 
  and i think if they make the swiss into scapegoats it will launch so much euroscepticism , it might topple the whole thing . 
  especially now that uk has the same goals as switzerland , i 'm not at all sure what the response from the eu will be . 
  i will personally root for them . 
  let 's see how this ends . 
  i 'll agree that the representatives reflect the people better , but i do n't think they * represent * the people better . 
  the distance between the electorate and the institution really does have negative effect on the governance studies show . 
  i know about that migration initiative . 
  i was actually in gen\u00e8ve when it was passed . 
  i just thought you meant this migration crisis . 
  anyway , the local newspapers i read said that the quotas wo n't be a problem if switzerland stops all migration from non-eu countries , since then the quotas will be plenty for eu migrants . 
  and since that 's what the swiss actually want anyway , i do n't think it 'll be a problem . 
  so let 's not jump to doom and gloom yet . 
  it might be on the table again , but i have no doubts they wo n't join in the next two decades at least . 
  i 'd put a lot of money on that . 
  heck , probably never . 
   especially the migration initative which must be implemented soon will push the eu-switzerland relations in a crisis since it will in all likelihood break the bilaterale i causes the collapse of the whole treaty network . 
  i do n't think so . 
  switzerland nor other only eea countries wo n't be part of any mandatory quotas . 
  they are taking some refugees voluntarily , and i suspect it 's just because they border italy and thus feel they could be overwhelmed in the future and might need help . 
  i * really * do n't think practically the richest nation on earth will have problem funding the project . 
  and it 's not like all cooperation with other institutions will be forbidden , they 'll just negotiate their own agreements with these other institutions to work together . 
  i think you 're * severely * over-blowing this . 
   and again , this is n't the consequence , this is a first warning . 
  i do n't disagree . 
  let 's then see what the actual consequences will be . 
  maybe there will be as inconsequential as the warning has been . 
  your argument basically is `` switzerland has it bad , because eu is probably gon na fuck them over ! '', 
  it has n't happened yet , so far it 's only your speculation , and thus not a good argument . 
   your response is just wishful thinking , and purposeful misinterpretation .
