  and as we learned from the former , that 's extremely contra-productive situation . 
  now kiss . 
  gema is n't above the law , the law is above gema . 
  ah , you meant the channel . 
  [ world war i reparations  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_war_i_reparations )  because of the lack of reparation payments by germany , france occupied the ruhr in 1923 to enforce payments , causing an international crisis that resulted in the implementation of the dawes plan in 1924 . 
  this plan outlined a new payment method and raised international loans to help germany to meet her reparation commitments . 
  despite this , by 1928 germany called for a new payment plan , resulting in the young plan that established the german reparation requirements at 112 billion marks ( us$ 26.3 billion ) and created a schedule of payments that would see germany complete payments by 1988 . 
  ** with the collapse of the german economy in 1931 , reparations were suspended for a year and in 1932 during the lausanne conference they were cancelled altogether . 
  ** between 1919 and 1932 , germany paid less than 21 billion marks in reparations . 
  you have not paid your ww1 debts until 2010 , you stopped in 1931 . 
  and your enormous ww2 debts were forgiven altogether . 
  at least have the decency to not downvote people if you disagree with them . 
   and good luck , sincerely . 
  edit : did you just completely rewrite your comment ? 
  edit 2 : reaction to your rewritten comment : no . 
  greece cooked books , noone else to my knowledge . 
  italy , spain , portugal might be chalked up to corruption , though not as much as you think coming from an italian . 
  but ireland was not corrupted and did n't have these mediterranean problems . 
  and now that finland is fucked , your thesis falls apart completely . 
  finland had a robust economy with almost no corruption or other problems . 
  it 's only issue is that it 's very far off from franco-germanic eurozone core which the ecb works for . 
  literally every single one of peripheric eurozone countries is or was in very deep trouble . 
  every single one . 
  i hope you 're no fool and you can see this is not a coincidence . 
  if you want to know where you would be , slightly better off is where . 
  but you wo n't believe me no matter what i or anyone else say , because your mind is already made up , is n't it ? 
  edit 3 : ** could you please stop completely or substantially rewriting your comment ? 
  ** edit 4 : reaction to the hopefully last version of your frigging comment : no , i do n't live in a `` fantasy economic world where one just prints money to pay its debt and all is okay '' . 
  i live in a world where italy has been doing what it has been doing for the past several decades before the euro , and it 's still the 27th richest country in the world ( gdp per capita ) out of over 200 . 
  you were doing ok , but now that the euro had just enough time for its flaws to start showing , and it 's going to fuck you in the ass immensely . 
  and because you keep mentioning louisiana , i 'll have to bite the bullet : the reason louisianna * can * be a relatively unproductive state in a monetary union is because the us is a monetary * and a fiscal * union . 
  you are only in a monetary union , but not a fiscal one , which means , while louisianna will always be dragged behind masachusetts , you will be left behind in the dust to rot like greece . 
  that 's the fucking problem . 
  they do , but in other countries . 
  the helsinki-talinn ferry is always full of finns going binge-drinking to estonia . 
  finland and most nordic countries are in a state of a semi-prohibition . 
  alcohol is sold either only in shops with a government license , or outright only in government owned shops . 
  alcohol is * very * highly taxed and the opening hours are quite short . 
  the reason for this i heard most often is that the polar nights are long and very depressing , and alcohol poisoning a serious issue . 
  to put it in a funny anecdote , i was once camping in a national park west of helsinki , and we met a group of 6 friends . 
  they carried 1 six-pack of beers and said it was a drinking party . 
  yeah , but that was a completely unique issue . 
  for political reasons the germans decided to peg the western and eastern marks at 1:1 and unify from there , even though the actual exchange rate was wildly different ( something like 3:1 or more ) . 
  agreed . 
  also , i do n't think there are a lot of economics professors * for * the euro . 
  i do n't , i live close to germany . 
  i just * do n't like the sound of the language at all * . 
  to me it 's definitively one of the ugliest sounding languages in europe . 
  but that 's just my opinion . 
  it 's nothing personal , it just sounds harsh , metered , calculated . 
  actually , the chinese are * very * racist towards black people . 
  for example , they are hiring a lot of english speakers to teach the language , but if you 're black , you need not apply . 
  that 's completely untrue . 
  if they default , they get cut off * from international financial markets * . 
  greece has run a primary budgetary surplus last year , and they can do it again . 
  and they can also print some money to cover the rest , as they have done for decades before the euro . 
  you do n't even possess the power to accurately ascertain the position of greek redditors . 
  which does n't even matter , because greek redditors are n't representative sample of the greek population . 
  form an alliance -- bosnia , herzegovina and liberia perhaps ? 
  he has * some * point , but his point does n't really work with the numbers . 
  yes , nato structure can be say 70 % less efficient than a single-army type of deal . 
  but not 700 % less efficient , that 's just hogwash . 
  also remember that russia is an corrupted oligarchic dictatorship , the money is n't optimally used there either . 
  i like that you put internet ahead of water . 
  and i 'm kind of sceptical of the selection process . 
  i do n't think most migrants are architecture and law university students . 
   be a bit realistic . 
  just a bit . 
  you keep having this feeling we are pulling your leg . 
  we are not . 
  we live in these countries , talk to the people , read the newspapers there . 
  please believe that what we 're telling you is honest . 
   because of eu quotas , you 'd give up free eu money as i said before , eastern european countries were n't imploding before 2004 . 
  they functioned quite alright for the 15 years after the collapse of the soviet union . 
  and remember , those eu funds do * not * go directly to the country budgets . 
  no , they 're mostly in the form of partially financing some road or a highway ( but the country still needs to field majority of the money ) , or some environenmental project and the like . 
  also , the way these funds are distributed is very problematic and leads oftentimes to squandering of the money on bad projects and investments . 
  i am being 100 % realistic when i say the countries could stop receiving the money tomorrow , and not that much would be changed . 
   you 'd give up schengen and have to set up and control your own borders not true , shengen and eu are different entities . 
  for instance , norway and switzerland are in shengen , but not eu , while britain and ireland are in eu but not shengen . 
  shengen would remain unchanged , especially because eastern europe is n't afraid that economic migrants from germany might flee to eastern europe . 
   you 'd give up the euro and deal with inflation and taxes most of eastern europe does n't have the euro , and honestly we do not want the euro , because it is a political project with little basis in good economics that has already failed . 
  you can not have a monetary union without a fiscal one . 
   you 'd give up the banking union and it 's safety mechanisms there 's no banking union , i think you 're mistaken . 
   you 'd give up your participation in the eu decision process if we 're not in the eu , why would we care about eu decision process ? 
   seriously , just think a bit before saying these kind of things . 
  being condescending has never lead to a civilized discussion . 
  but believe me , i have thought about this a * lot * . 
  well , calm a bit about the shooting , they 're not doing a military invasion , they 're just peacefully sailing in . 
  if you start claiming you 're gon na shoot the migrants , people are going to assume you 're a fascist and run away from you * fast * . 
  but i agree that turning back the ships is what should be done with economic migrants . 
  it 's became a part of his brand now . 
  you ca n't have \u017di\u017eek without a proper lisp !, 
  and i have to say , i kind of love his way of speech . 
  could you please stop formatting your comments in this way of one sentence per line ? 
  it 's really distracting . 
  thank you . 
  just go away , you 're irrelevant . 
  exactly . 
  putin is n't leading russia into a great depression .
