  your complaints especially comming from a morovian can be ignored . 
  do you know even a single thing about moravia ? 
  anyway , i find your comment really incoherent and misguided , so i 'll politely refuse to follow this discussion further . 
   since you do n't seem to care about the laws of other nations , you would deem it acceptable if we infiltrated poland , killed polanksi , and left without being caught i assume ? 
  no , i would deem it horrendous violation of poland 's sovereignty and poles should do all in their power to stop you . 
  but ask yourself , if the mission was successful , but the poles found out what people did it , would the us government extradite them to poland ? 
   after all , there is no reason to respect the laws of another country right ? 
  well , avoiding war and many other reasons . 
   here 's an idea , if you do n't want to be sentenced and punished for a crime in a particular country . 
  do not commit the crime in that country , if you want to drug and rape people , do it in sweden , and serve swedish prison sentences . 
  here 's an idea , if you want to sentence and punish people in your country , catch them in your country . 
  we will gladly sentence them on your behalf in our country , but we will not send them to your inhumane justice and prison system . 
   but at the end of the day , if you do n't want to be held to account by the american justice system , it 's really simple to avoid the problem . 
  it is , and polanski has been doing that for the past 38 years . 
    i 'm honestly not even sympathetic of people who are executed in dubai or oman or whatever for smuggling drugs . 
  and i 'm pro-legalization , but if you ca n't take the heat stay the fuck out of the kitchen . 
  there we agree , if you 're stupid enough to smuggle drugs to dubai and get caught , you deserve what you get . 
  but i just wo n't stand by and let them be extradited there after the fact . 
  if we can avoid the inhumanity , let 's avoid it . 
   justice comes first , rehab comes after . 
  if you ca n't not commit a crime you deserve the hammer dropped on your hand . 
  recidivism is the fault of the convict not the state . 
  justice and rehabilitation come together , not one after the other . 
  you hold beliefs that have been held in the 19th century but have now been disproven for a long time . 
   death is a perfectly just sentance for crimes that had 0 chance of rehabilitation like spree killers , spree rapists , serial killers , pedophiles , terrorists and secessionists now i 'm 99 % sure you 're just trolling me . 
    there was no plea deal he was at a 90 day stay awaititing sentancing - http://www.cbsnews.com/news/no-statute-of-limitations-for-polanski/[1] that article says nothing about any 90 day stay awaiting sentencing . 
  it actually contradicts you and supports the guardian :  this is a man who fled on the eve of sentencing because he was concerned he was going to get a harsher sentence than he expected under the plea bargain . 
  --  you defend a child molester and i 'm the bad guy . 
  it 's truly a shame he did n't die with his mother then this would not be an issue i do n't defend a child molester , i defend civilized justice system aimed at rehabilitation . 
  a man that has not committed a crime for the past 38 years does not need to be incarcerated . 
   justice is more important , the scales of which must be blind and thus your whining about rehabbing a kiddy fiddler is wrong . 
  justice and rehabilitation are not mutually exclusive . 
  they actually go well together in civilized societies . 
   pedophilia like homosexuality or transgenderists is an ingrained thin in the persons brain from development . 
  it ca n't be cured by anything currently and as the rcc scandal showed therapy does n't stop kiddy fiddlers . 
  not all paedophiles are criminals . 
  not all act on their desires . 
  you seem to want to kill them just for their sexual orientation ? 
   that was n't a plea deal , we was admitted to a psyche monitoring , he had not been sentanced prior to him running away from justice . 
  the guardian says you are wrong . 
  if you claim otherwise , please provide some reputable source . 
   if europe wo n't hand him up the us should just drone strike him when he 's with family or friends , maybe take out a few pedophile supporters you seem to be deranged . 
   he should n't be reintergrated into society . 
  he should be locked in a 4x5 cell for the rest of his miserable life or thrown to murderers and gangbangers to deal with . 
  why ? 
  he proved he is no longer a danger to society or children . 
   he is a child rapist and should die for it . 
  i know you europeans are so cowardly about enforcing laws that may offend people or punishing horrific criminals . 
  emphasizing rehabilitation over revenge is not cowardly , but humane . 
  something you americans have yet to learn the meaning of it seems . 
   he did not serve a prison sentance what the fuck are you talking about . 
  he was in a 90 day psyche observation to ensure his mental condition was sound before final sentencing . 
  he was allowed out even to finish a film project before the judge sentanced him for his crimes and ran away . 
  quoting the guardian article :   but as a result of a plea bargain he pleaded guilty to only one count of unlawful sex with a minor . 
  he served 42 days in jail . 
  believing the sentencing judge might overrule the deal and impose a long jail term , he fled to france in february 1978 . 
  he served the full sentence he plea bargained for according to the guardian . 
   his defiance and refusal to accept the law shows he has no interest in rehabiliation so he should be imprisoned for life or the rest of his miserable inhuman life and in the poorest conidtions possible . 
  if you actually read the definition of rehabilitation ( = re-integration into society ) , you would n't be making such misguided statements . 
  he already * is * rehabilitated , since he lives a normal life within the society . 
  he has accepted the law and served a prison sentence . 
  then he fled fearing the prison sentence might be extended . 
  at least that 's what the guardian article says . 
   he is incapable of existing in society without raping children how do you know ? 
  he has lived in europe for the past 38 years without any further accusation of child rape . 
    rehabilitation is the re-integration into society of a convicted person and the main objective of modern penal policy , to counter habitual offending , also known as criminal recidivism . 
  [ rehabilitation ( penology ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rehabilitation_ ( penology \\ ) )  his defiance of the lawshows he is incapable of rehabilitation . 
  no it does n't . 
   how many girls do you think he 's raped over there and have n't come foreward . 
  in absence of any evidence to the contrary , i think 0 . 
   he 's a pedophile no he [ is n't ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pedophilia ) :   pedophilia or paedophilia is a psychiatric disorder in which an adult or older adolescent experiences a primary or exclusive sexual attraction to prepubescent children , pedophilia or paedophilia is a psychiatric disorder in which an adult or older adolescent experiences a primary or exclusive sexual attraction to prepubescent children , generally ** age 11 years or younger ** . 
  and contrary to your barbaric world view , even paedophiles are people and deserve due process . 
  nobody `` deserves to be shanked to death by the other immates '' . 
  the justice system has to be aimed at rehabilitation , not revenge . 
  scandinavia , and western europe generally , shows that humane prisons are possible . 
  therefore i think it would be inhumane to extradite people to the us into their quite barbaric-on-purpose prison system . 
  probably india . 
  except cities with hills . 
  just be glad you do n't [ live in asia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e7kor5nhtzq ) . 
  i have n't edited a single thing , that is a direct copy from the article . 
  contact the guardian if the article is factually incorrect . 
  also , please try to be civil and perhaps check before accusing someone of malice . 
  can you provide a source for your claim , if it goes so directly against the article here ? 
  1 ) from the article :  but as a result of a plea bargain he pleaded guilty to only one count of unlawful sex with a minor . 
  he served 42 days in jail . 
  believing the sentencing judge might overrule the deal and impose a long jail term , he fled to france in february 1978 . 
  2 ) there is a huge difference between us prison system and say scandinavian prison systems . 
  one is aimed at revenge , the other at rehabilitation . 
   that being said , i think the fact that you believe someone who drugs a child with sleeping pills and then viciously anally rapes her should not be punished for his crime because you disagree with the conditions of the american prison system says a lot more about the quality of your character than it does about the quality of the american prison system . 
  shame on you . 
  please keep your hate and shame to yourself where it belongs . 
  that 's exactly how it works : [ extradition ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/extradition#bars_to_extradition )  some countries , such as austria , [ 6 ] brazil , [ 7 ] the czech republic , [ 8 ] france , [ 9 ] [ 10 ] germany , [ 11 ] japan , [ 12 ] the people 's republic of china , [ 13 ] the republic of china ( taiwan ) , [ 14 ] russia forbid extradition of their own nationals . 
  these countries often have laws in place that give them jurisdiction over crimes committed abroad by or against citizens . 
  by virtue of such jurisdiction , they prosecute and try citizens accused of crimes committed abroad as if the crime had occurred within the country 's borders ( see , e.g. , trial of xiao zhen ) . 
  us justice and prison systems are both inhumane and insane , and people should not be extradited over there . 
  wow , the buses drive on the left while cars around them drive on the right . 
  that 's funky !, 
  copy pasted from the article :  but as a result of a plea bargain he pleaded guilty to only one count of unlawful sex with a minor . 
  he served 42 days in jail . 
  believing the sentencing judge might overrule the deal and impose a long jail term , he fled to france in february 1978 .
