  but the bear will eat the policeman if he 's not afraid of scaring the kids !, 
  they have food and shelter in turkey and other countries . 
  you 're giving them a better life . 
  you 're not giving them just asylum which they will be given in turkey ( i.e. 
  after the war they have to go back ) , you 're giving them a resettlement . 
  and i applaud you . 
  but do n't force your choices on other countries . 
  we do * not * want to follow your folly . 
  so , something like another colonialism ? 
  where europeans believed themselves so better then everyone else , especially the savages in africa that they came to rule them to save them from themselves ? 
  i think that 's horribly presumptuous . 
  well , you ' l receive close to a million on year-end . 
  and maybe 2/3 of your friends are afraid to speak up like you are . 
  be strong and stand up for your opinion . 
  let 's not be the first continent that commits suicide by political correctness . 
  well , i 'll try to follow your logic : 1 . 
  turkey is not safe country -  that means practically the entire african continent is not safe . 
  not every person in africa fullfills requirements for refugee status -  true , only those in war torn countries . 
  but have you seen how often and in how many countries war breaks out in africa ? 
  in the next 30 years , probably several hundred millions will be eligible for refugee status . 
  if they are eligible for refugee status , and the countries in africa are not safe , how could we not offer them `` safe harbour '' here in the eu ? 
   there you are completely wrong . 
  even with all the refugees already in germany , we will still take in more . 
  the number of refugees currently in germany will rise not go down . 
  i believe your politicians have already heavily implied that you will take the first 500,000 and the rest is for distribution . 
   i also do n't want them at leat not in these numbers , but noone asks me . 
  it 's for the vast part your politicians that are doing this , it is your civic duty to protest the actions if you strongly disagree with them . 
  we are protesting already . 
  well , if you really want to exercise your messiah complex and `` save them '' from safe camps in turkey , that 's your prerogative . 
  but do n't force your folly onto other countries . 
  and good luck with that precedent , people from mauritania , mali , nigeria , sudan , eritrea et al. 
  are already starting their trips . 
  ok now !, 
  can you link some pics then ? 
  why ? 
  is it the only hot teacher in the entire country ? 
  but what if you need to transport them all across a river and the boat can take only 1 person at the time ? 
  so , are you saying that people coming from/across turkey should or should * not * be granted asylum ? 
  because if turkey is not `` safe enough '' , than basically the entire african continent , and the entirety of asia is not safe enough . 
  should we resettle all refugees from two entire continents ? 
   so we leave everything to turkey ? 
  not just turkey , all neighboring countries , as has been a long standing practice in dealing with refugees . 
  and we want to offer significant help to turkey and other countries in dealing with the crisis . 
  after all , the right to asylum is not about resettlement , it 's about temporary asylum until the crisis is solved , whereupon the refugees must return . 
   how cowardly would that be . 
  exactly as germany not long ago : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3l5inn/germanys_asylum_history_19602015/cv3c0t9 but besides germany being hypocrites , i do n't think it 's cowardly at all . 
  we want to help , but just in a way that makes sense . 
  for the same money you can help 1 migrant in the eu , or 10 in turkey and neighbouring countries . 
  this is what most people including you do n't understand . 
  the first quota is just to set precedent for the next quota , which will be distributing refugees * from * germoney . 
  and we feel with the countries affected , but we just do n't want immigration into our countries . 
  we offer to help menetarily and we offer manpower . 
  diluting the migrants will just slow down the process on fortifying europe and building camps in 3rd countries , which is the only possible solution . 
  i do n't wish to lower german standards , i just do n't agree with them and i 'm not bound by them . 
  if the germans want to save the entire world , that 's their choice . 
  but no mandatory quotas of course . 
  first off , my argument is the list is wrong , not that * you * are wrong . 
  i 'm not being childish , you are . 
  and i 'll reiterate my argument : there are frequent human rights violations in say 80-90 % countries in the world . 
  eu is a huge exception in the world . 
  but sadly , we ca n't take the hundreds of millions of african refugees in the next 30 years all to europe . 
  so we ca n't judge countries by eu standards . 
  there are a lot of relatively safe countries in the world , but only a * very tiny minority * is safe by eu standards . 
  but that 's my argument , is n't it . 
  that is the * german * constitution , * german * standards !, 
  we ca n't hold countries outside europe to german standards , because not even all countries inside europe can reach them !, 
  unless you want to take all the hundreds of millions of refugees from africa in the coming 30 years , we ca n't determine safe countries based on german standards . 
  so , a priest , a policeman and a teddybear walk into a school ... 
  i think the downvotes of dissenting opinion are n't because of some concentrated effort , i absolutely believe it 's just because ordinary people are assholes . 
  especially in a debate so heated as this -- debate that is really about irreversible changes that will stay with us for probably centuries . 
  people are so passionate about it , for one reason or another , that they ca n't help but feel enraged . 
  it 's possible it 's a highly neonazi brigade , i do n't have any fact that would disprove it , but i think occam 's razor dictates that it 's just a lot of normal europeans acting like huge assholes . 
  and my argument is the list is wrong . 
  well , the vast majority of western countries are in the eastern hemisphere , including almost the entire eu . 
  that just means you hate the english so much , you want to dilute them . 
  no problem . 
  note that i am one of the people that is so fascinated by the migration crisis that basically only comes here for it now . 
  but i agree that there has to be a filter for people that do n't feel the same . 
  i 'm sorry , but turkey is safe enough . 
  europe ca n't have a messiah complex and save everybody in the world . 
  turkey is much safer than 90 % of countries in africa for instance , and we ca n't save all refugees from endless wars in africa . 
  i agree that turkey is n't as safe as the eu , but it 's the eu that is an exception , not turkey . 
  we ca n't hold the rest of the world to eu standards . 
  turkey is absolutely safe enough . 
  someone already created a filter . 
  search for it on this sub . 
  then it 's up to serbia if they want to keep them in the no-mans land . 
  except nobody is that naive to think the refugees will actually stay in serbia . 
  they think it 's a shithole . 
  they 'll try every other way to get to congruous eu , and if they fail they return to greece or turkey . 
  they absolutely must chase him if he starts fleeing . 
  it 's legal for a police officer to run you over if you flee ? 
  only the first safe country has the obligation to grant asylum to the refugees . 
  ( i can provide sources if you do n't believe me . ), 
  so we should follow uk 's example and contribute as much money to camps in these first safe countries -- turkey , lebanon , jordan , etc. 
  that 's exactly what hungary is proposing . 
  it 's right in the [ 1951 refugee convention  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/convention_relating_to_the_status_of_refugees )  it was initially limited to protecting european refugees from before 1 january 1951 ( after world war ii ) , though states could make a declaration that the provisions would apply to refugees from other places . 
  absolutely spot-on that it chills me . 
  i want to personally thank him for putting into words what i would want to say myself . 
  like there an actual chance they 'll stay in serbia .
