  it might be the least * jesus * thing to say , but christianity has moved from that quite a bit over the years . 
   you can definitely act against the will of majority in case of basic human rights . 
  just because 70 % slovaks are apparently racist assholes does n't mean they get any say in the matter . 
  since slovakia is a sovereign democracy , they govern themselves . 
  so it 's not really possible that they will act against themselves . 
  even when the action will be mandated by international law or a european court , they can take the consequences instead . 
  countries have been ignoring international law and courts ever since they existed . 
  now given what we know it 's a question whether the rest of the eu would want to punish slovakia for said hypothetical illegal actions . 
  but since most countries in the eu is against immigration as well , i really do n't think so . 
  and are n't they disgusting !, 
  i drank one once . 
  that comparison never takes long . 
  sweden yes, 
  pretty much . 
  with a completely unelected upper chamber of the parliament to boot . 
  well , you 're free not to read it then . 
  you might feel tired of it , but i see a live and vibrant discussion containing a large amount of people which seem to like it . 
  well , technically even hitler was very pro-immigration . 
  he kept moving the borders so people suddenly found themselves in germany one night !, 
  you are absolutely free to expect slovakia to abide by echr . 
  but since slovakia is n't breaking it in any way shape or form , that is irrelevant . 
  those refugees are applying for asylum in different countries like germany , and germany does n't want to abide by echr for all of them and it 's trying to shove some to slovakia . 
  but slovakia really has zero obligation to these people according to echr , dublin regulation * and * the refugee convention !, 
  hearing a handful of germans talk is n't representantive of germany as a whole . 
  if you want to know how the average german feels about something , you have to rely on polls . 
  and he downvoted both of us in this thread . 
  i 'm really loving this guy !, 
  and even if 20x the number came here each year , it still would n't even make a dent in the 3 billion people living in poverty today . 
  well , you are evading as well . 
  slovakia has no obligation to accept any of these refugees , yet they decided to accept some . 
  the religious freedom in slovakia is completely unaffected by that . 
  you are free to hold your country to higher standards . 
  but you are not free to hold slovakia to any standards . 
  you suggested religion was a philosophy and philosophy a religion . 
  i did n't . 
  and i identify as a night owl , but that does n't mean it 's a religion . 
  atheism is defined as an absence of religion , and you ca n't twist it into the opposite . 
  they are not in breach of the 1951 refugee convention since these refugees are * not * applying in slovakia . 
  and i honestly do n't think voluntarily agreeing to take 200 christian refugees is in breach of any of those things , especially the slovak constitution . 
  if they had refugees applying for asylum in slovakia and they picked only the christian ones , it * would * be in breach , since they have legal obligation to grant them asylum and ca n't discriminate , but that 's a completely different matter . 
  amen !, 
  if you could send me some links when you get home i 'd greatly appreciate it !, 
  he 's not only doing it to me , but i noticed he 's been doing it to other people as well . 
   and he has the audacity to complain about he himself getting downvotes . 
  what a brave man !, 
  i 'm an atheist and i do n't `` believe '' there is no god . 
  i know that there 's absolutely no proof of existence of any god , and it is extremely infinitesimally improbable that the god of any one of the numerous earthly religions actually exists . 
  so i conclude that there is no god until credible evidence to the contrary is produced . 
  there 's absolutely no faith involved . 
  i believe that it is generally agreed that the terms religion and philosophy are not synonymous . 
  well , i have n't built a case for the jury of your peers , which i do n't intent to since i do n't have a reason to . 
  however , i 'm certain beyond reasonable doubt that you do , based on numerous occasions . 
  if you do n't see a problem about complaining about a behaviour that you yourself are doing , then you have something wrong with your morality . 
  well , slovakia has just agreed to guarantee asylum to 200 christians . 
  among those 200 christians slovakia will have to abide by the rules and not discriminate based on religion , that 's true . 
  but that is not really an issue if they are 200 christians . 
  the `` rule '' we were talking about concerns slovakia . 
  turkey on the other hand is * directly * obligated by the refugee convention to grant asylum to syrians , since they share a border with them . 
  there 's no way around that . 
   if people did not have an opportunity to apply for asylum on their way to slovakia then slovakia has to handle their application . 
  absolutely , if they flew into slovakia , or were say transported in a box or something , that would be 100 % the case . 
  however , so far 0 people have done this . 
  i absolutely do n't think that !, 
  i feel great solidarity for italy and i do n't feel right that italy with all it 's current problems has to field out money to go to many possibly fraudulent projects . 
  if it was up to me i 'd severely limit eu funds ( especially in agriculture !, 
  ) , because i do n't believe it to be a good appropriation of resources . 
  then do n't complain if people behave just like you . 
  well , that 's an interesting argument . 
  so you 're saying catholics believe that some parts of the bible are outdated and should not be followed ? 
  i have n't ever heard of that . 
  because if that 's so , i will have to concede that you are right . 
  well , the definition of religion has to be based on * faith * , because if it 's not , it 's not a religion but a philosophy . 
  and atheism decidedly does not contain any form of faith . 
  i have seen you blatantly not follow it on multiple occasions . 
  that you indeed are not . 
  you seem to think 100 % of that money go and do good things . 
  that 's not the case . 
  vast majority of it is squandered on bad projects , because the bureaucrats in bruxelles only care about well filled out application , but do n't really have good judgement of what projects are good and what are bad , or fraudulent . 
  there are agencies here that will write a eu funds proposal for you for a fee . 
  you simply ca n't expect other people to follow a rule you 're not man enough to follow yourself . 
  well , then there 's still some kafirs left !, 
  when there are finally really no kafirs , the world will be at peace . 
  population 1 . 
  well , you might disagree with me , and that 's fine , but in my view if they view the bible as the word of god which they believe in , and the bible says to stone people , they either stone people , or they 're hypocrites . 
  i think the best thing a religious person can be is a hypocrite . 
  they might be whatever you wish to them to be in your perspective . 
  but in the real world , atheism is * not * a religion . 
  again , slovakia is not refusing any asylum seekers . 
  germany et al. 
  want to move people they are responsible to grant asylum to to slovakia to deal with , which does not have the obligation neither according to dublin regulation nor according to the 1951 convention . 
  and there * is * a reasonable guarantee that turkey will accept them , since it itself is a signatory to the agreement , and thus has to grant them asylum under international law . 
  well , since you yourself are breaking the rule of rediquette , i guess you 're not the one to complain about it . 
  but they are following it . 
  these refugees are not applying for asylum in slovakia , but in germany , sweden , italy and other rich countries . 
  so they have no obligation to accept any of those under the convention . 
  there 's a longstanding principle in international law concerning the 1951 refugee convention that refugees are to be handled by the `` first safe country '' they enter . 
  so syrian refugees have to be granted asylum in turkey for example , but not at all in slovakia . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/libertycentral/2010/sep/21/claim-asylum-uk-legal-position ) :  there has [ . . ] been a longstanding `` first country of asylum '' principle in international law by which countries are expected to take refugees fleeing from persecution in a neighbouring state . 
  this principle has developed so that , in practice , an asylum seeker who had the opportunity to claim asylum in another country is liable to be returned there in order for his or her claim to be determined . 
  well , no .
