  '' , your seriously overreacting . 
  ~ ~ are you an idiot ? ~ ~ you can * stop * something in progress . 
  i did not say they * prevented * it . 
  some people keep insisting it 's some brigading or such . 
  i personally think those are conspiracy theories . 
  look at what 's happening , the immigration issue got from something people do n't really think about that much to the biggest issue facing europe right now ( at least by popular vote ) . 
  people are just scared because the situation is getting progressively worse , and it 's changing their views . 
  i fail to see why it seems so stupid and silly to you if it has been proven to work in history in not that wildly different circumstances . 
  if you would be so inclined i 'd like to have a civilized discussion about this , because i find bosnia and herzegovina extremely interesting and puzzling country . 
  if you say i do n't know much about it there , i 'd like to know more . 
  but of course insults are also a possible response . 
  edited a bit . 
  it 's not about people claiming land , it 's about people not being able to live together in one country . 
  i believe it 's much better if each `` ethnic group '' has their own sovereignty , because it limits internal squabbles and hatred . 
  greeks and turks agreed to move or they were forced . 
  as i say , harsh solution , but possible . 
  try to make the title neutral , like `` can we discuss censorship on this sub '' or the like . 
  we have to find a way to fight back against this . 
  i disagree with you * so much * , but i really got ta go , sincerely sorry . 
  no , you got ta make it here . 
  most people do n't read r/european but still do care about censirship in this sub . 
   paramilitary terrorist organization . 
  as they say , `` one man 's freedom fighter is another man 's terrorist '' . 
  well , i found a [ page ] ( http://www.g2mil.com/bondsteel.htm ) that itself opposes camp bondsteel and claims it was `` constructed to house american peacekeeping forces soon after kosovo achieved independence from serbia in 1999 . '', 
  so that would make your claim it was constructed before independence factually incorrect . 
  if you have a source claiming otherwise , post it please . 
  if they had permission from kosovo , it is no different than bases in turkey or germany . 
   did those businessmen personally worked on bombing czech republic , then buy out the companies that belong to slovakia , but are on czech territory and everything for dirty cheap cause whole region was fucked by bombing ? 
  this is most brutal example of conflict of interest . 
  and again do you see how this is different that us steel having a factory in serbia or mcdonalds having a restaurant in sweden ? 
  whether they bombed it or does n't matter at all . 
  kosovans can hold the americans responsible for the bombing , but kosovans themselves wanted to sell those companies . 
  there 's nothing wrong with buying them . 
   milo\u0161 is even more strict on that issue then v\u00e1clav was . 
  and milo\u0161 is considered twice the idiot v\u00e1clav klaus was . 
  everybody thinks he 's a drunk clown that should n't have been voted into office . 
  and really , czech president is a ceremonial role that has absolutely no say in international relations . 
   anyway i stick to my statement that it is de facto annexation , and i think i built a pretty solid case using neutral sources . 
  since kosovo is independent and governed by kosovans and the only interest the us has there is a 3km ^ 2 large military base , i ca n't possibly compare that to annexation . 
  but since we understand each other 's arguments , i guess we 'll just have to agree to disagree . 
  so , thank you too for a reasonable discussion , and have a nice day . 
  what the fuck . 
  i suggest you make a discussion post and we discuss why the hell op was banned , because this is not right . 
  we need to push back against this . 
  sorry , who ? 
  and how do you know ? 
  oh sorry , i 'm arguing with a serb in the other thread . 
  our dissolution was n't very consensual , the czechs were against it . 
  but we did not want to wage war against the slovaks , so we let them go without retribution . 
  you are seeing it from the wrong angle . 
  yes , both countries lost territory against their will , but serbia was complicit in that -- serbia treated kosovans in such a way that they no longer wanted to be part of serbia . 
  whereas crimeans did want to remain an autonomous region of ukraine , look at the gallup poll i linked to . 
  i am disputing the referendum , because i do not believe it to be valid . 
  i honestly believe it was very corrupted . 
  as evidenced by the gallup poll and many other things . 
  yes , 1 year has passed , but you do n't go from a strong majority preferring kiev to 93 % wanting moscow . 
  to me and many international observers the referendum looks very manipulated . 
  and lastly , there have been many times when an independence of one nation was sponsored by another . 
  there is nothing wrong with the us helping kosovans declare independence if they so chose . 
  it was done between [ greece and turkey in 1923 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/population_exchange_between_greece_and_turkey ) . 
  it 's possible , but it 's really harsh . 
  i indeed believe it was a fuck-up . 
  so unless anyone has proof to the contrary , that 's as far as we can go on that . 
  but i agree that the us goes more often without punishment than russia does . 
  they are too strong to punish . 
  but that does n't mean russia should go without punishment . 
  first off , i want to thank you for actually debating evidence instead of using empty statements , many people would just flip the other person off . 
  now , just to reiterate : ** annexation ** - ( latin ad , to , and nexus , joining ) is the forcible acquisition of a state 's territory by another state . 
  so , your arguments boil down to : 1 . 
  us helped kosovo gain independence by stopping serbia from crushing the independence movement by force . 
  us has a permanent military base in kosovo . 
  us businessmen own some amount of companies in kosovo . 
  now comparing this to the definition of annexation above , i really do n't see it . 
  let 's go point by point : 1 . 
  yes , us made military threats to serbia so that the independence movement would not be crushed , and they may have had their reasons for supporting said independence movement , but they did not acquire the territory of kosovo . 
  you can argue they did acquire the land under camp bondsteel , however , that 's just 3.86 km2 of land . 
  and i believe they technically got formal permission from the kosovans for that , so it 's at most a grey area . 
  us does have a permanent military base in kosovo , but that does in no way means that they annexed kosovo . 
  us has bases in many independent countries including e.g. 
  germany . 
  german and us businessmen own a lot of companies in the czech republic , but i do n't think that amounts to annexation . 
  and as you said yourself , the americans `` started lobbying and buying companies '' , they did not take them by force . 
  so while us certainly has influence over kosovo , and i would think kosovans like the us since they sponsored their independence , this does not amount to anything resembling annexation . 
  and lastly , our then czech president is solely ceremonial figure , and his opinions are generally very different from the opinions of the people , and he was chastised several times that he should not voice his personal opinions that do n't represent the country . 
  as for the public , the czech republic is a representative democracy , which means we vote for people to represent us . 
  the ruling party won the mandate of the electorate and thus had every right to decide for the country . 
  there 's a reason neither we nor almost any other country have a direct democracy . 
  i see . 
  well , there 's always the possibility of relocation of serbs to republika srbska and vice versa . 
  but that 's a rather harsh solution i agree . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  or are you here just to insult me ? 
  thanks for the info . 
  well , to me it appears they wanted to stop any more bloodshed , which i do n't find very questionable . 
  can i ask why does n't republika srpska split off from bosnia and herzegovina ? 
  what party ( if not both ) are blocking it ? 
  seems like the * ethnic groups * ( if you prefer this term ) really do n't go along well . 
  no , i believe we should punish nations that had * mens rea * -- a guilty mind . 
  the death of 500,000 iraqi children was not an intended goal of the us mission , it was an immense fuck-up that the responsible person should be punished for . 
  whereas the military annexation of crimea was a premeditated action on the part of russia , and thus they should be punished for it severely .
