  ah , excessive hydro would explain it . 
  the term `` dark ages '' was used in various definitions very loosely throughout time . 
  one of those definitions is to designate the entire european middle ages period . 
  how is austria even possible ?!, 
  that 's like 95 % renewables , that 's practically impossible today . 
  wow , that seriously looks like a [ phalanx ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/phalanx ) marching into battle !, 
  and they * are * marching all the way from greece too !, 
  that is pretty interesting , slovenia does appear to be one of the few countries in the world without an actual border guard . 
  i do not posses neither the time nor the will to argue every comment i perceive as wrong on the internet . 
  thus here i simply chose to indicate that i completely disagree , and i left it at that . 
   the police are the border guards , afaik . 
  those professions are almost always separate , therefore i believe you are incorrect . 
   nor will including the reserve , we 're not at war the reserve is not limited to war , but to times of national crisis . 
  now . 
  i have largely disproven your numbers , your continual standing behind them makes you look foolish . 
   how do you know he `` does indeed become a robber '' ? 
  can you see the future ? 
  man you must be a riot at the parties . 
  i do n't . 
  this is what we presume the arsonists believe . 
  read the argument from the start . 
   a place which had people inside was burned down . 
  it 's a lot more akin to shooting someone in the head than `` moving the kid to different neighbourhood '' . 
  not really . 
  it 's not `` his home '' per se , it 's more of a building he 's being kept in at the current time . 
  remember , these migrants are entitled , so they believe that if one shelter burns down , they 'll just be moved to another . 
  i can very easily picture a situation where they are so ferociously angry that they 'll have to share the shelter with some ethnic/religious group they despise , that they rather decided to burn down the shelter , because they correctly guess they 'll be moved separately to different shelters afterwards , and wo n't have to live with the despised people . 
  plus 1k of reserve soldiers . 
  and as i keep mentioning , the border guards , which you have to have since you 're a schengen border country . 
  that would put us close to 20k men , twice your original estimate . 
  thank you . 
  can you provide source on your claim that the entire slovenian army and police force combined , along with presumably the border guards i mentioned as well , number only 10k men ? 
  also , i hear parts of the border are not passable for large masses of people due to terrain . 
  also , they 're planning a fence . 
  are the animals fearing persecution in serbia ? 
  i did n't think so !, 
  first safe country and all that . 
  cultural intercourse !, 
  world wars episode iii : attack of the migrants !, 
  if australia can into eurosong , japan can into eu !, 
  still no turkey , though ... , 
  so , if a migrant starts a fire , it 's not arson but an `` accident '' ? 
  i love political correctness !, 
  could you at least * pretend * you 're making a logical argument ? 
  it 's more like moving a kid to a different neighbourhood so that when he does indeed become a robber , he does n't rob you . 
   there was some violent confrontations in the asylum home the night before , where the current residens did not react well when new immigrants where to move in . 
  so there are some who think it was an accident . 
  there 's also the possibility that one of those disgruntled migrants started the fire . 
  to defeat the sith lord darth merkelus and her migrant army !, 
  you have nothing to fear but the laser itself . 
  also , those are anti-migrant lasers , you have nothing to worry about !, 
  with both police , border guards and the army you really wo n't need any significant amount of outside help . 
  their argument will fall flat . 
  i 'm pretty convinced that you are . 
  if you deploy the army , you have enough manpower and further units will be gladly provided by other eu countries . 
  excellent command of the english language on part of the president of croatia !, 
  brava !, 
  that 's the problem , they will be tied to our territories because they will only be able to obtain money and housing in our countries . 
  but of course they 'll know how little they get in our countries compared to germany/sweden . 
  some will leave to stay in germany illegally , that will be fine . 
  but many will stay and instead start rioting until we give them more money . 
  we of course wo n't be able to , and it might get bloody . 
  stabbed officials , police , killed migrants in riots , you name it . 
  i do n't want that in my country . 
   with preceding consent . 
  you are correct in that regard . 
  the signing of the lisbon treaty is currently regarded as the biggest fuck up of our diplomacy in the entire history of the country . 
  we hope to repeal it as soon as possible . 
   meh , i 've heard otherwise . 
  then you have heard wrong , honestly . 
  my experience is first hand . 
   this is not an important issue of sovereignty , or countries would simply be able to veto it . 
  it absolutely fucking is . 
  treaty of lisbon removed veto from [ great amount ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/voting_in_the_council_of_the_european_union#policy_areas ) of very important issues . 
  my outrage is 100 % informed and home grown . 
   no , poor neighbourhoods are always shitty and dangerous , not matter who happens to populate them . 
  nope . 
  poor czech neighbourhoods are safe clean places . 
  so far . 
  and we mean to keep it that way . 
   people without asylum rights simply do not have the right to stay . 
  as i said the vast majority of them technically have asylum rights , even though they 're fleeing to europe for money and better life and not safety . 
   do you have any indications of preprocessing or is that just guesswork ? 
  yes , it was in all the news articles and even in the official document they signed at the eu council meeting . 
  the migrants are preprocessed in the `` hotspots '' and only those with valid passports of the listed countries are then taken to be redistributed under quotas . 
   they are not `` resettled on your territory '' any more than roma and other eastern europeans come to be resettled in western europe . 
  under the laws of eu countries asylum seekers living on your territory for x amount of years and fulfilling certain easy criteria have to be granted citizenship . 
  therefore , yes , they are resettled on our territory . 
  because germany has clearly demonstrated that they consider the refugees an eu problem , not a german problem . 
  and they * will * push for another redistribution again and again and again if the flow is not stopped . 
  and member states have demonstrated they are too pussified to actually stand up to her empress merkel and block it . 
  first distribution was 40,000 , second added 120,000 , third will be 400,000 , fourth will be 1,200,000 , and so on . 
  at that point , it is everybody 's problem . 
  that 's because you 're looking at italy at the other end of the sea and not croatia . 
   bollocks , happens all the time . 
  no , all media reported that this outvoting on such an important issue of sovereignty was * completely without precedent * . 
   poor neighbourhoods are shitty , yes . 
  what does that have to do with migration ? 
  poor uneducated migrants that failed to integrate * make * those neighbourhoods shitty and dangerous . 
  with all due respect , you are mistaken .
