  now imagine if the flemish and the walloons hated each other so deeply one tried to ethnically cleanse the other some twenty years ago . 
  well , i 've got mixed feelings about it . 
  here 's my understanding of the conflict : the serbs were the aggressors , the serbs were the ones experimenting with genocide , yet when the tide was turned and bosniaks were finally pushing back and could have won the conflict , nato stepped in and stopped everything . 
  bosniaks got screwed . 
  now look at bosnia and herzegovina today : it 's a completely broken state held up by foreign powers that has absolutely no hope for the future . 
  it 's fucked up beyond imagine . 
  they were about to resolve it once and for all , but nato stopped them since some of the leaders thought genocide should be on the menu as well . 
  if you 'd really turn down money that had no strings attached , then maybe you need a psych visit , mr eu . 
  and you would n't ? 
  if someone offered you money without strings attached , you 'd turn it down ? 
  nowhere in the eu treaties does it say it 's an exchange of money for migrants . 
  if it said that , we 'd turn the money down instead . 
  i fear this might create some contradictory emotions in the kids . 
  wow , when have they closed the schools ? 
  yeah , they really went all out . 
  they 're admitting it full well . 
  they 're just not accepting it as final . 
  [ it did . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/croat%e2%80%93bosniak_war ), 
  war, 
  well , on the other hand , why is ukraine providing electricity to a territory that russia militarily annexed from them ? 
  25 % of ukrainians are ethnic russians , so probably not . 
  how is life in bruxelles without the m\u00e9tro ? 
  which makes sense . 
  that day celebrates our escape from the shackles of the soviet union . 
  now our nation has democratically decided for itself by an exuberantly overwhelming majority that we do not want to accept migrants , yet we are yet again being forced to do someone else 's bidding instead . 
  interesting !, 
  well , more people dying implies there are will be less people alive than there otherwise would be , does n't it ? 
  is n't the uk military mightier ? 
  ~ ~ for one , you have more aircraft carriers i believe . ~ ~, 
  does such a school even exist ? 
  i get that you 're edgy , but that does n't make even a bit of sense . 
  less people alive = less emissions overall . 
  v4 wo n't accept quotas no matter how you sweeten the deal . 
  we perceive this as a ( long term ) national life or death issue . 
  yeah , thanks to people like you . 
  most comments here are ok , but the incessant amount of `` this sub has really turned into shit '' cries is completely unbearable . 
  please go away if you ca n't handle it . 
  the only no-man 's land between denmark and sweden is the \u00d8resund bridge , so no . 
  they 're stuck in denmark . 
  even if it was n't a typo , `` 200 hundred '' would be 20k , not 200k . 
  which is completely pointless when the government has already signed it . 
  actually , the `` impure blood '' the anthem refers to is not the blood of the enemies , but the blood of the french peasants in fight against the royalty ( pure blood ) . 
  well , not as of late . 
   makes people feel that muslims might sympathize with the terrorists . 
  and polls show that many actually do . 
  [ both ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/duchy_of_bavaria ) were [ duchies ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/duchy_of_saxony ) . 
  they did have electoral rights , but on the rung of rulers they were below the king of bohemia . 
  you seem to have answered yourself  the pre-ww1 borders are where most romanians had to move to , so it 's still today the most populous area of romania . 
  the holy roman empire was formed in 962 ad , so yes , much later . 
  and you 're right that prussia was also a kingdom , but at that point in time it was already the * holy roman empire of the german nation * . 
  in the * holy roman empire * the only kingdom was bohemia . 
  that came much later . 
  huh ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i recognize the czech-slovak border , that at least is very much entirely there . 
  and from that anchor , it seems like the shape is very similar to the actual slovakia . 
  very much so . 
  not only did it remove the mountainous border , but also the best-in-the-world military bunkers that lined the border with germany . 
  france and england completely sold out any real defences we had . 
  well , no . 
  you can say we were the same empire , but certainly not a nation . 
  there was n't even a german nation at the time , let alone a nation encompassing the czechs . 
  interesting fact : there was only one full kingdom in the holy roman empire , the kingdom of bohemia !, 
  all other states were of lesser rank , duchies , counties , margraviates , etc. 
  not really . 
  the kingdom of bohemia was a part of the holy roman empire , true , but it was actually one of the most important and influential parts of it . 
  while there were 6 prince-electors , bohemia had the only king-elector in the entire empire !, 
  we remained a separate entity , and actually managed to influence * you * . 
  borders of the czech republic are mountainous . 
  why do you think you were n't able to permanently swallow our little land over the centuries ? 
  did they sign a contract that they 'll take the refugees in exchange for foreign development aid ? 
  true , but united kingdom 's borders . 
  hint : where 's the border of northern ireland ? 
  not on this map . 
  heh , you can see 90 % of slovakian borders in there !, 
  also , romanian l as always . 
  it 's `` culture friday '' . 
  `` friday culture '' is a grammatically incorrect mongrel of a phrase . 
  but it 's completely natural to be concerned what happens to you and your surroundings and not care that deeply about something that happens on the opposite side of the world . 
  we 're reacting now , because it starts to concern us now . 
  that 's not hypocrisy . 
  european reality and african/mena reality are both separate but valid realities . 
  granted , one is more peaceful and calm , but that does n't make it less * real * . 
  and we 're inviting both people running away from these attacks in mena countries as well the perpetrators of these attacks to europe . 
  as a czech that lives and talks to other czechs , i swear to you : there 's * absolutely * no chance . 
  not really . 
  i can tell you you wo n't convince the czechs no matter what on this issue . 
  there 's absolutely no chance of that . 
  i say as i see . 
  you need to read the entire document to understand it . 
  according to unhcr we are absolutely within our right to turn away any migrants at our border that are coming from a safe country . 
  which is all of them . 
  i am an atheist . 
  and besides , the pope does n't dictate 1500 years of tradition . 
  you ca n't change that . 
  one declaration by a pope 50 years ago does not change 1500 years of tradition . 
  / u/genitaliban started talking about christian tradition , not me . 
  ukraine is so far stable enough that it is n't producing refugees . 
  but we are accepting a lot of migrants from ukrain on work visas anyway .
