  nope , 4 countries were against . 
  yes you should , but muslims tend not to do that , as evidenced by for examples this [ documentary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvwaikoatwm ) . 
  their religion is just so oppressive that something as radical as a woman looking you in the eyes is completely unacceptable heresy . 
  that 's why we eastern europeans have been against muslim migration to our countries all along . 
  yes , you can call us racist , we do n't care . 
  you 're just proving your lack of understanding of what race is . 
  damn , do n't talk to me about belgian beer , the memories are coming back !, 
  i want me some fruity belgian beer god damned !, 
  exactly , i 've seen maps that show much smaller area than this and actually getting smaller nowadays . 
  this does n't seem accurate . 
  i do n't see a constitutional difference between you having to rent out an apartment , and you having to rent out a room . 
  there is a difference for sure , but i do n't think the difference is relevant to the constitution . 
  and the swarms , have you seen the fuckin ' swarms of tourists ? 
  no , it 's probably the handling of the greek financial crisis !, 
  i do n't think it works that way . 
  constitution does n't look at how empty the apartment is . 
  either both cases are constitutional or they are n't . 
  well , is n't the room also possible if you go simply by literal reading of that law ? 
  i 'm not saying they 'd necessarily do it , i 'm saying they now might have the power to . 
   they ca n't be on tax breaks for too long by definition , taxing causes there to be less of something . 
  if you tax cars , there will be less cars . 
  so i disagree , they * can * be on tax breaks for very long , because evs cause almost no externalities ( negatives for other people ) like ice cars do . 
  therefore they should not be discouraged . 
  and yeah , i 'd keep same tax for really low price vehicles , but vehicles priced similarly as tesla model s and up should definitively get 270 % tax . 
  me too please . 
  what ?!, 
  raising prices through the fucking roof is their right and does n't violate the ttip . 
  but if as you say poland `` ignores the license '' , the company will sue poland in the ttip court system , and get billions of dollars . 
  that pewresearch data are year and a half old , so , no way jose . 
  ifs provides no date , so it 's probably old data as well . 
  for the rest though , pretty much . 
  hehe . 
  not if ttip passes . 
  it can have unforeseen consequences . 
  i actually did , the person who wrote it was completely disconnected from reality and facts . 
   the first migration assumption indicates a decline in net annual immigration from the initially very high level of 500,000 to 100,000 over a period of six years until 2021 . 
  afterwards net migration will remain at 100,000 per year . 
  the second scenario assumes that net annual migration will fall to 200,000 by 2021 and afterwards remain at that level . 
  these variants are referred to as `` continued trend based on lower immigration '' ( variant 1 ) and `` continued trend based on higher immigration '' ( variant 2 ) in all documents of this press conference and on the destatis web pages . 
  * yawn * you 're one of those . 
  good night . 
  even the un refugee commissioner is saying this is just the tip of the iceberg , this year almost 1m will come , and it will only be accelerating if not stopped . 
  nuclear energy is extremely clean , it produces no emissions , does n't cause global warming , and it 's pretty cheap . 
  we 're just building another nuclear power plant . 
  that might be taking into account the immigration flux before the crisis , but with the current one you 'll have 160 million people by 2060 . 
  sooo , if you have an unused spare bedroom , they could technically force you to house a migrant in there ? 
  a volkswagen for every refugee !, 
  a refugeewagen i suppose ... 
  and even if they manage to stop 10 thousand people daily for 10 days , suddenly it 's 100,000 people !, 
  good luck with that . 
  no kiddin ' !, 
  he 's playing to his strengths then !, 
  but ... that is not what `` by definition '' means . 
  this is `` by a series of causalities '' . 
  if it was `` by definition '' , it would be written in the dictionary if you searched for * austerity * . 
  and besides , austerity does n't mean paying off debt , austerity means reducing budget deficits , i.e. 
  stopping accumulation of further debt . 
  germany certainly is pay of the eu . 
  rage against the eu machine !, 
  flanders as greater netherlands and wallonia as greater france confirmed yet again . 
  it 's certainly * not * `` by definition '' , but yeah , for greece it absolutely does . 
  the best option for greece is to exit the eurozone and declare bankruptcy . 
  i had such high hopes for varoufakis . 
  i have to disagree . 
  contrary to what the automaker lobby wants you to think , evs are a huge step in the right direction , and thus we should put heavy incentives for buying them . 
  and we should increase the tax rate on ice ( internal combustion engine ) cars to dissuade people from buying them , and possibly to make up some tax revenue . 
  so say in a place like denmark , ev tax could be 90 % , ice tax 270 % . 
  after all , evs are much much cleaner and better for the environment and make life in cities significantly better by increasing the quality of air and reducing noise . 
  they are a huge step in the right direction , you have been caught by the misinformation campaign of companies like volkswagen . 
  i 'm saying border checks do n't hinder european single market by any significant margin ( above say 1 % ) . 
  but you 're right , i do n't see the value of open external borders to the eu . 
  ok , i 'll bite : what news has been missing on this sub ? 
  well , thank you !, 
  i think you do n't really understand the issue . 
  that affects like 0.0001 % of eus population . 
  so yeah , for border towns without border crossings ( are there any at all ? ) . 
  commuting people wo n't really be affected , you just need to process people on the border fast , which is n't hard . 
  that 's a common misconception . 
  you ca n't have fully free market without the * [ eea ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_economic_area ) * , and everybody is fine with eea . 
  the schengen agreement is actually * only * about having to show id card when crossing the border . 
  example : uk and ireland are not in schengen , but they are in eea . 
  they trade as freely with other eu members as any other country in the eu . 
  the * only * difference is , you have to show your id card when crossing the border . 
  and there are also a * lot * of people that want the eu to be unified only in certain aspects . 
  i think everybody can agree on that the eu should provide a real single market , where you can watch french netflix anywhere in the eu , where shipping costs are roughly the same for the whole eu ( like in the us ) , etc. 
  but there 's absolutely no consensus on refugees . 
  so let 's not unify this policy under the eu , because then people will resent the eu and it 'll all go to shit . 
  that 's fucking awesome !, 
  who made it ? 
  even a blind man could see that was a joke . 
  i 'm saying that the stabbing of a police officer by the migrant is a pretty big deal whether or not the officer actually dies from it . 
  attacking a public official is a heinous act that can not be tolerated in our society . 
  ah , right , that makes sense . 
  what 's the story behind the 4th one so far away from the core territory ? 
  you got it exactly right , one of the 2.5 regions of the czech republic !, 
  ( the third , czech silesia , is really small . ), 
  so , you have a river m\u00e4hren that flows into the river moravia ? 
  that 's pretty funky . 
  moravia is v0 .5 of the v4 , without us it would be just v3 .5 !, 
  as a czech i would n't call slovakia an `` ally '' , more like family .
