  what do you mean ? 
   german citizens are somewhat more critical than the average of all europeans surveyed , of which 57 % are against immigrants from third countries . 
  source : http://www.euractiv.com/sections/global-europe/majority-germans-reject-immigration-outside-eu-312282 from my experience in my home country , i believe the sentiment on this sub is very representative of the vox populi . 
  i 'm on mobile so not really . 
  if you google it in english you 'll hopefully find it . 
  there are plenty of crazy people on all sides . 
  but i 'd rather argue with them then just label all of them `` nutjobs '' . 
  well , you do have a point , there are less and less people pro-immigration these days on this sub and in europe in general . 
  the essence of australia 's policy does n't rely on it 's remoteness -- the boats still used to reach them , after all -- but by having refugee camps in papua new guinea and not australia . 
  thus refugees know that if they try to immigrate illegally to australia , they will end up in papua new guinea instead , and there 's no use trying . 
  and lastly , you might call it racist , but that does n't change the fact that it 's true . 
  there has been studies proving indirect link between multi-ethnicity of a country and it 's gdp per capita . 
  i ca n't really find the one i read last time , but here 's a different one : http://www.amren.com/news/2013/05/a-revealing-map-of-the-worlds-most-and-least-ethnically-diverse-countries/, 
  if mandatory immigration quotas get put in place , you 're absolutely correct . 
  it 's not a secret though . 
  you might not have said it outright , but it 's been a pretty prevalent opinion among the pro-immigration crowd on this subreddit , and you alluded to it . 
  i think at a point where anti-immigration parties have large support in many if not most european countries , it 's time to stop calling people `` nutjobs '' just because they disagree with you on the topic . 
  i for one did n't downvote him , because i generally do n't do that very often , mostly just in cases of insults and the like . 
  how about you quote the entire relevant part , and not just the one that suits you . 
  the quote continues thus :  there has , however , been a longstanding `` first country of asylum '' principle in international law by which countries are expected to take refugees fleeing from persecution in a neighbouring state . 
  this principle has developed so that , in practice , an asylum seeker who had the opportunity to claim asylum in another country is liable to be returned there in order for his or her claim to be determined . 
  ad your example , no , that 's not ridiculous , that 's a * `` longstanding principle in international law '' * . 
  relevant authorities are granting asylum to refugees from syria , because it 's a practice in our countries to do so , but not because it 's mandated by international law , which as you can plainly see it is not . 
  and since eu ca n't cope with the amount of migrants , people like me are proposing we start giving out less asylum grants , since we 're not obligated to do it anyhow . 
  of course if your country disagrees , they are welcome to do it differently . 
  and if you really think your current policy is helping so much , watch [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lpjzfgchgle&amp;index=44&amp;list=wl ) , it has some interesting facts for you . 
  lastly , there 's absolutely no need to get nasty in the comments , calm down . 
  the suitable plan is called * exactly what australia did * and it has been proposed many times . 
  and there are no double standards . 
  western eu countries agreed to allow immigration of eastern eu citizens ( and there 's not that many that do that ) , and eastern eu allows western eu citizens . 
  nowhere did anyone agree to take vast masses of muslim people from the rest of the world that have very different values and thus will likely not integrate into the populations . 
  first off , please learn to use the quotation tool correctly . 
   most of the institutions you mentioned are formed by western european nations who coincidently also form the core of the eu i meantioned exactly one institution , the efta . 
  and efta is formed * exactly * only by countries not in the eu . 
  i have serious doubts about your language comprehension . 
  and all european countries have all the reasons to keep trade flowing , because any barriers arising would mean a huge economic crisis for all parties involved . 
  and lastly , you 're really not good with data . 
  of course usa/china , and western eu countries will be better represented on a list of trading partners , because they 're bigger block . 
  but if you combined entire eastern europe as one trading partner , it 'd take a very top position . 
  you 're misinformed . 
  the `` first safe country '' does n't have anything to do with eu . 
  see [ here ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/libertycentral/2010/sep/21/claim-asylum-uk-legal-position ) . 
  eu 's dublin regulation concerns * first eu country * . 
  what i and most eastern europeans are arguing is that eu should n't be taking these economic migrants , neither west , nor east . 
  eu member states , as all states , have the obligation under international law to grant asylum to refugees when the country is the `` first safe country '' . 
  which is almost no eu country , since most refugees pass through turkey or some other country considered safe . 
  you completely misunderstand eastern europe if you think we do n't want to take a share of responsibility . 
  we disagree with the whole situation . 
  we believe eu should imitate australia in its approach to the issue , since taking in migrants has no end to it . 
  this is n't absolutely an issue of cost !, 
  this is a populist issue . 
  the general populace wo n't accept muslim migrants , it would topple governments . 
  eastern europeans see the mess that is the failed immigration policies in the west , and wo n't allow them to be repeated in their homes . 
  eu is n't the only institution that can eliminate tax barriers , see the efta i mentioned , and bilateral treaties . 
  noone wants to create barriers , east or west . 
  the east is a vast dumping ground for western products . 
  you 're vastly underestimating the economic connectedness of europe . 
  that 's false . 
  eu has benefited every single country , * especially * germany through their exploitation of the euro ( very little inflation in germany , significant inflation elsewhere in eurozone -  german products sell extremely well ) . 
  if you want to stop eu funds , that 's fine by us as they have come to symbolize corruption in most of eastern europe . 
  and 1/3 of the eu budget is agricultural bullshit anyway . 
  first off , there was no benefit for anyone to leave the eu during the greek crisis , so that 's not an argument at all . 
  if there 's a huge and very direct benefit -- leaving the eu means not having to accept immigrants ( incredibly unpopular ) -- they will do it . 
  and there will be trade between eu and the countries that exited still , there 's no problem with that . 
  these countries can join the efta or make bilateral agreements . 
  since it will be in the interest of everybody ( the west wants that trade too , because it benefits all parties ) , trade wo n't stop . 
  the current polls show that majority of czech people favour exiting the eu right now . 
  if the eu mandates immigrant relocation , the nation would literally rise up . 
   besides countires in eastern europe need the eu more than the eu needs them ... 
  i 'm certain of that . 
  but the eastern europe does n't * need * the eu that much either . 
  it could seriously fall apart . 
  already today the polls are saying majority of czech people would favour exiting the eu !, 
  if the eu starts to mandate immigrants relocation , i 'm 90 % certain we would leave . 
  i 'm sad to say i 'm * absolutely * not !, 
  at least in the czech republic , slovakia , poland and hungary i was honestly surprised by the wave of distaste towards a possible muslim immigration wave . 
  i did n't expect it to be so massive . 
  i 'm pretty certain these countries would * seriously * contemplate leaving the eu if push came to shove . 
  and we know the homeless people currently have absolutely no incentive to stop coming and the west is proposing that we do n't solve that and instead just distribute the homeless people evenly , so everyone suffers . 
  and the east end is saying `` are you fucking * crazy * you idiots ?! '', 
  this policy is * clearly * not working , we need to stop the homeless people from coming !, 
  have you seen how the australian street successfully solved the issue ? 
  it does n't falter at all !, 
  majority of countries simply refuse to extend the powers of the union to handling immigration . 
  the union does n't falter at all , since it mostly does n't involve handling immigration . 
  eu is mostly working fine . 
  what in god 's name makes you think the world is just ?!, 
  the world is incredibly ugly place where everyone 's out for himself and nothing more . 
  the fact of the matter is , immigration of large amounts of people with vastly different values makes country fare worse in both the short and long term , and even if we take millions , it wo n't even make a dent in the suffering of billions . 
  oh yes there is . 
  there are plenty of unequivocally great things working in the eu that nobody wants to undo . 
  such as no trade barriers , free movement of capital , etc. 
  when the majority of countries does not want to extend the powers of the eu to handling immigrants , it does n't mean we should trash the entire fucking project . 
  you know , germany ca n't always get what it wants . 
  yes . 
  read the law . 
  i 'm for staying in the eu , but he 's right . 
  the west * vastly * overestimates the importance of eu funds in most eastern bloc countries . 
  eu is great because it provides better trade conditions , harmonization of regulation , etc. 
  but the funds are n't why we 're in it .
