  [ shutdown of thermohaline circulation . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shutdown_of_thermohaline_circulation ), 
  it is n't . 
  they do n't want to reach czechia because they think it 's a shithole and they want to get to germany . 
  and they avoid czechia on their trip , because afaik our police are legally imprisoning them for illegal crossing of borders for a week or two before letting them go i hear . 
  you know , refugees have the legal right to register in the first eu country , but it 's illegal for them to cross internal eu borders . 
  they 're all willing to get registered . 
  in finland anyways . 
  well , let 's talk when the gulf stream stops streaming due to global warming . 
  the temperatures in scandinavia are gon na drop like a hammer . 
   at the most he says that things like globalization will lead to more diversity in more places anyway , so you should find ways to deal with it . 
  not true . 
  it 's completely up to us and our immigration policy . 
  well , it will harm other people if you start eating them . 
  quite . 
   these are problems we will have to deal with . 
  not if we remain a homogenous society . 
   `` any society , anywhere in the world , will be diverse in the future -- that 's the future of the world , '' timmermans said . 
  `` so [ central european countries ] will have to get used to that . '', 
  i already have told you , but here you go again . 
  then we read completely different articles then . 
  we do n't mind that at all . 
  but the article strictly makes the point that homogenous countries can not survive . 
  which is false . 
  well , afrikaans is based on dutch i believe . 
  according to [ wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/quentin ) `` quinten '' is a local variant of quentin in dutch and related languages , so i figured you were from that background . 
  i was just poking fun at you for how you managed to completely screw up the spelling of the name quentin . 
   are you dutch or flemish ? 
  tourism is fine . 
  just deport any illegal migrants . 
  nobody minds tourism , you 're building a strawman argument . 
  or we can actually decide for ourselves if we want that future . 
   `` any society , anywhere in the world , will be diverse in the future -- that 's the future of the world , '' timmermans said . 
  `` so [ central european countries ] will have to get used to that . 
  why is it the only future possible ? 
  it absolutely is n't . 
  well , they 're not the merciless four , they were afraid and caved to germany . 
  a european brother of quentin ? 
  i think most europeans are starting to realize we need to rethink the whole thing . 
  but we 'll get a romanian instead of a pole as the fourth !, 
  you pointed to a google image search . 
  yes , really . 
  that lost battle was sad , and the subsequent loss of sovereignty to austria was bad as well , but it 's certainly nothing like german occupation with death camps , burning down of whole villages , and worse . 
  even if it was possible for ships as big as the ones on elbe , why the hell would you do that ?!, 
  river transport is much much slower and more expensive than sea transport . 
  there 's literally no advantage for \u010cr to have ports in rotterdam . 
  i give up , you 're obviously not good with sources . 
  the question was framed completely differently as you can see in / u/rustymechanism . 
  this is just blatant manipulation . 
  yeah , source on japanese demographics you speak of . 
  that makes little sense . 
  that port is in hamburg because that 's where our river elbe/labe ends . 
  so at that port our river-faring ships can offload goods and sea-faring ships can pick them up , all without having to have access to or permission from any other country . 
  well , first off , i think there 's going to be a huge awakening , when they find there are n't 50,000 people in greek camps . 
  they have all moved to germany . 
  so i do n't think this is an exercise of ( heavily forced ) solidarity with greece and italy , just an empty gesture that nevertheless hugely erodes our sovereignty . 
  and lastly , this is just a pretext for shoveling refugees from germany to the rest of the eu , which i 'm completely against . 
  the germans have largely caused this whole affair , and their the only ones that want them ( along with sweden ) . 
  so i say let them . 
  only by bursting at the seems with the mess they caused will they realize what is realistic . 
  i think shitposts are a way to blow off steam and i do n't mind them . 
  but the mods here are really aggressive and secretive , so it 's not boding well for him . 
  i 'm smelling a ban in your future !, 
  czech republic : ** 1938 [ munich agreement ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/munich_agreement ) ** where germany , france , uk and italy agreed to * hand large parts of our territory and defences to germany without our consent * making us completely defenceless . 
  that was quickly followed by a complete german annexation a few months afterwards . 
  for the next 7 years of the occupation our nation was completely decimated , the czech intelligence was slaughtered in death camps along with the jews and the wealthy . 
  i love these little historical quirks . 
  any source on that ? 
  when you manage to destroy a country it matters not who did it , there 's nothing left for anybody so they all want to leave for a richer life in europe . 
   they 've had to backtrack on that policy as much as politically possible have they though ? 
  i do n't think they have . 
  that 's why i asked for a source . 
  and do n't worry about ee , we 're welcoming tons of ukrainians , vietnamese , russians , mongolians , you name it . 
  just not religious fanatics with militant streaks . 
  can you give me some source ? 
  afaik japan is n't welcoming any migrants . 
  read it again , a person with one swedish born parent is considered `` person with swedish background '' . 
  for foreign background , * both * parents must be foreign . 
  i 'm rooting for them as well . 
  barcelona will be the next european capital !, 
   the problem is that the v4 solution to this problem is `` i do n't give a fuck , you all manage '' , which amounts to `` fuck you italy and fuck you greece '' . 
  v4 plan was extensive and aimed at helping italy and greece . 
  you obviously have n't read it and just decided to spew hatred in our general direction . 
  bravo . 
  that does n't change the fact that this has * never * been used before in such * major * decision against the * strong opposition * of any one country , let alone 4 !, 
  oh , but conservative politicians agree with us fully . 
  like the entire lot from the uk , denmark and france . 
  maybe it 's time you check the bias in your media . 
   if you want to attract immigrants who will stay and contribute to the country we do n't , we 've said it like a hundred times now . 
  nope . 
  once they set the precedent that you can imprison the ceo for it , they can do it next time with gm . 
  never gon na happen . 
  italy and greece were strongly told by germany to * shut the fuck up * a long time ago . 
  that 's a complete lie . 
  goodbye . 
  very much so , it was a great speech . 
  very true . 
  well , seems like the prosecution has a good plan then !, 
  yes . 
   also , how will all those investors be attracted by a country vetoed out of nato & eu , with 2 hostile huge neighbors ?
