  i chose to use it because its connotations sufficiently convey the state of the continent relative to other corners of the globe during that period . 
  the main growth of the ottomans coincided with the european dark ages even though it admittedly lasted a bit longer afterwards . 
  but after europe regenerated , they were pushed back piece by piece . 
  edit : you can easily tell how many turks have read this comment ... from the number of downvotes !, 
  if the balkan route is not stopped , the problem wo n't be solved at all . 
  only after we demonstrate these migrants will * not * be allowed to get to germany can we stop them from coming in the first place . 
  console peasant culture is much much weaker still !, 
   respect the law of the and i shall respect the & as you say !, 
   dead penalty for apostates and homosexuals  like the typical usa republican party voter ? 
  you appear to be brainwashed . 
  do n't get me wrong , proper hygiene is great , but you went a bit overboard . 
  nah , my backup is canada : [ point calculator . 
  ] ( http://www.workpermit.com/canada/points_calculator.htm ) knowing both english and french gets you extra points , so it 's easy peasy !, 
  yep , and the problem is , pc culture is weak culture . 
  only during the dark ages in europe , however . 
  after that , christian monarchies far outpaced them both militarily , politically and scientifically . 
  it is n't . 
   you maybe are not familiar enough with european politics i believe no one can be familiar with european politics right now , since we seem to be making completely new history in that regard in these two crises . 
  after all , the outvoting of 4 eu members was a historic occurrence without precedent . 
   this crisis did puzzle me on how quickly some ee countries i deemed much more ` level-headed ' went to flat populism about this refugee thing in a matter of weeks . 
  i would argue it 's not populism , it 's thoroughly perceived as * common sense * in ee . 
  after all , basically every eastern european has had a vacation in the west , and being poor usually stayed in the bad parts of towns and cities and thus witnessed the results of western immigration policies first hand for themselves . 
  something many western europeans actually have n't , since they live in the good parts of towns and visit expensive hotels in good neighbourhoods . 
  add on top of that the news coming from the west , actual occurrence of terrorist attacks , still rare but previously completely unheard of beheadings , and many other negatives . 
  when an eastern european weighs all that against compassion with migrants that indeed are safe from physical harm in turkey ( even though they want better life ) , the resolution is resounding : compassion through resettlement has too great a cost . 
  we 'll gladly contribute money and other things , but we wo n't sacrifice our prized societal cohesion . 
  great time to visit dresden for free then !, 
  edit : the article is sadly irrelevant , because it is dated 16th september , a full week before the actual summit where we were outvoted ( 23rd september ) . 
  therefore , all data indicate that quotas have * not * been rescinded and are actually still in force . 
  that article is certainly promising , but it does n't confirm if this indeed took place or not . 
  i hope you are right , but i 'll try to wait if some source actually confirming this can be surfaced . 
  nevertheless , thank you for the source , i 'll be on the lookout . 
   so i ask again , how moscow is this for you ? 
  if i may again point out my wording , i did n't say anything about how moscow this `` is '' , only how moscow this `` looks '' . 
  i am by no means equating the two , since such a thing would be completely impossible , but the perception is certainly getting more similar thanks to the migration and greek crises . 
  a large part of that is due to what you yourself pointed out , that this rescinding was not made known to the public , if it indeed happened . 
   as in the deal is totally being revoked now and replaced by a system that only allows voluntary taking in of refugees ? 
  i am totally unaware of this , could you point me to some sources ? 
  we were outvoted on mandatory quotas to resettle the 120,000 in september , have these quotas been rescinded ? 
  they do through personification . 
  when one says `` croatia closed it 's borders '' , it 's not actually some entity called croatia that did so , but some government official elected by the people . 
  same goes with wishes . 
  i tried to formulate the comment without condescension , i am sorry if i failed in my task . 
  i do stand by the idea i expressed , however . 
   brussels is n't even close to being similar to moscow forced resettlement of foreign peoples upon your territory is * exactly * what moscow used to do . 
  so , do n't let your optimism overpower actual history . 
  and i did n't say brussels were on the same level , i stated that they are `` starting to look too damn similar '' , which i stand by . 
   try to read up some more about the eu and how it works , it 'll help you broaden you view yet also show you where the real dangers lie . 
  it 's up to you to form an opinion of it , though . 
  please try not to sound condescending in your comments . 
  over the discussions of the past months it came to light i know much more of eu treaties and the * actual * workings of the eu than the average redditor , quite possibly more than you . 
  actually , both are true !, 
  however , i can provide you with the butthole of the beloved author * kurt vonnegut * , if it 'll tickle your fancy : [ * ] ( http://bp1.blogger.com/_v-nidixuefs/rlewg9o3bpi/aaaaaaaaaiy/pfkmwfimr9k/s1600-h/asteriskasshole.bmp ), 
  no problem , but no butthole either . 
  i would . 
  ireland is like europe 's madagascar . 
  they can shut down everything , and you 're fucked !, 
  7 days . 
  unlike ascension , the policy of asylum is listed among the policy areas changed to qmv in the lisbon treaty . 
  [ source . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/voting_in_the_council_of_the_european_union#policy_areas ), 
  well , the [ walls of constantinople ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/walls_of_constantinople ) held for over a thousand years without a single successful siege . 
  and the siege that ultimately broke them after the thousand years was only successful because the turks carried their huge ships kilometres over land to the protected harbour of the city , and because they constructed the largest cannon in the world at that time !, 
  that 's quite an accomplishment for walls i 'd say . 
  just barricade those [ seven pesky bridges ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/seven_bridges_of_k%c3%b6nigsberg ) !, 
  big predators trained by the fsb ? 
  that 's good , because it 's completely unreadable both when making a top-tier comment and when replying . 
  ok , if you insist , a great majority of our population does not wish to be in a federal europe . 
  after all , we 've been brutally ruled over from moscow for over 4 decades , and now brussels is starting to look too damn similar . 
  that is very impressive , sweden . 
  however , my comment did not refer to the current state at all as you may notice . 
  i 'm simply saying that the rate of growth of swedish cities is by far larger than that of any other eu country due to massive immigration . 
  it was recently on this sub that stockholm is the fastest growing city in the eu . 
  therefore , if you want to keep this impressive statistic ( where you 've already slipped behind denmark and finland ) , you have to either a ) limit migration , b ) persuade young people to move to villages and small cities ( if such a thing is even remotely possible ) , or c ) liberalize city planning ( enlarging cities , building over the surrounding green belt , higher buildings , etc. 
  that 's a nice idea , and in federal europe it would certainly make a lot of sense . 
  however , my country does * not * wish to be in a federal europe and we are n't in one today . 
  according to eu treaties each member state has the right to veto ascension of new members , therefore i see no reason why we should give up this power . 
  i am certainly open to national referenda in each country , however . 
  totally , right after we solve the israeli -- palestinian conflict . 
  that 's a good question , however , the answer is quite complex since we 're dealing with stewardship of a large economy . 
  i do n't have time to go into it , so i 'll just point you the right way : significant part of it was the [ agenda 2010 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/agenda_2010 ) . 
  i 'll be here for ever and ever to enrich you with my point of view . 
  ;-) of course i 'm talking about housing in large cities . 
  nobody wants to live in a village . 
  if you wish to present data for your argument , can you point to a source and comparison with other countries ? 
  the rate with which it 's getting bad in sweden , however , is far surpassing any other country in the eu . 
  yes , you 've guessed it , thanks to exuberant immigration which creates excessive demand for housing outstripping its supply . 
  that 's because germany is keeping its internal economy undervaluated by as much as 20 % to make other countries less competitive . 
  that 's why germany is doing so well , albeit off the backs of other eurozone members . 
  but you get for it free healthcare , free education , much better welfare services and so on . 
  your taxes do useful things , that 's why we chose to pay them . 
  member of the european parliament . 
  he 's saying they should n't . 
  well , you 're kinda arguing against yourself there . 
  either we 'll have uncontrolled explosion of immigration , * or * we 'll have visa free travel with turkey . 
  we wo n't have both . 
  we 're offering visa free travel to turkey * exactly * to stop the uncontrolled immigration . 
  if turkey does n't hold up its end of the deal , deal is off . 
  you are mistaken . 
  turkish ascension to the eu can not happen for * at least * a decade , because they absolutely do n't fit the criteria .
