  that does n't make sense . 
  trust between eu and syriza is only needed for that deal . 
  if they get the deal , like you say , then they do n't need that trust . 
  reforms are solely internal thing and eu has nothing to do with that , past forcing them into it by the deal , which as you said , is granted . 
  did argentina pay some percentage of their debt ? 
  because from all i read , i do n't think so . 
  the thing is , greece does n't need to get back into the international financial markets , and they wo n't be able to anyhow . 
  they will be forced to live without borrowing -- budget surpluss and/or printing money . 
  extremely unlikely , but of course everything is possible . 
  the most likely outcome is the reverse -- economic boom . 
  they can do all that and stay in the eu too . 
  all they need to do is exit the eurozone . 
  which will be a huge positive for them in the long run . 
  their asking for a debt haircut . 
  the only thing that can actually solve the situation instead of making it worse like the last 5 years did . 
  one would have to be either stupid or malicious to argue that . 
  actually , you were part of the soviet union , which was signatory to the warsaw pact , so indeed you were part of the former warsaw block . 
  also , whether baltics are considered northern europe is not totally agreed upon . 
  for instance , the cia factbook has you as eastern europe . 
  california and alabama though have both monetary * and fiscal * union . 
  california pours huge sums of money to the federal budget , and alabama gets huge sums of money from the federal budget . 
  eu funds are no way comparable in scope or form . 
  i usually think everybody should vote in an election , and i like mandatory systems like australia 's . 
  but this is n't really a question that should be decided by the populace , so i do n't think people that realize they have no idea what they 're voting on , and what the implication are , should go vote . 
  no , they 're voting on the same exact issue . 
  they just see the outcome of the vote differently , which is exactly why this referendum is taking place . 
  no one knows what the outcome will be . 
  why does it irks you to read it ? 
  there 's nothing offensive about knowing the proper german term for a tank . 
  also when using loan words , pluralization , declension and such are usually handled by the grammar of the given language . 
  so `` 2 panzers '' in english , `` 2 panzery '' in czech , for instance . 
  and you should really crunch those numbers instead of telling other people what they should do . 
  1t/69b = 14.5 . 
  so given that russia 's purchasing parity is about half that of eu , it means we would need to allocate money more than 7 times less efficiently than corrupt oligarchic russia . 
  only bureaucracy will overlap . 
  and that 's not really that significant amount of money . 
  the troops and machinery and mechanics and logistics , and all that does not overlap . 
  you ca n't possibly think that $ 69b and $ 1t are comparable numbers , even if you account for overlaps and purchasing power parity . 
  can you provide any sources on nato being less than the sum of it 's members ? 
  why hate you ? 
  yes you are benefiting from english being your mother tongue , but english is a great choice for lingua franca regardless of your personal benefits . 
  it 's got a very low threshold of knowledge you need to be understood . 
  it 's got very easy and flexible grammar . 
  when you are n't sure of which grammar rule to follow , e.g. 
  `` try and '' vs. `` try to '' , you most often than not find out , * both * are actually correct !, 
  overall , i think the world is going to stick with english from now on , so everybody should learn it asap . 
  and i 'm saying that even though i love the french language much more , it 's just more beautiful , and when i learned it i immediately understood why the french are so protective of it , even to the point of being assholes , 
  well i never actually thought of that . 
  snp was indeed magical  ( i kid , no hard feelings  ), 
  i 'd wager most eastern european countries would much rather stop receiving eu funds than let immigration quotas be passed . 
  czech republic for instance does n't * need * the funds at all , we did great without them , we can do that again . 
  most of the funds are misappropriated anyhow . 
  they help -- it 's free money after all -- but they 're absolutely not essential to anything . 
  first off , we 're perfectly willing to participate in solving the issue . 
  but so far the only `` solution '' proposed was settling the economic migrants in eu , which is what most countries of the eastern block , and i 'd wager to say , most eu countries in general , disagree with . 
  but secondly , czech republic , slovakia and all other eu and non-eu countries are sovereign entities that do not `` have to '' do anything . 
  if an eu treaty is passed ( extremely unlikely ) obligating them to do so , they are free to not sign it and leave the eu at once ( not that i 'm advocating that ) . 
  so please do n't be arrogant . 
  i 'm not exaggerating even a little bit . 
  all eastern europe would leave . 
  britain would even call of the referendum , because they 're would be no question about it . 
  and so on and so forth . 
  you need to see it through their eyes . 
  do you read the headlines about the beheadings in uk and france ? 
  about the terrorist attacks and shootings ? 
  they all ascribe it to muslim immigration , and they are mostly right in that . 
  so they obviously are n't willing to undergo that same process that brought this . 
  and i hope you 're not one of the people deluded about countries being dependent on eu funds . 
  it 's such a small part of their budgets , and it 's mostly squandered badly that it does n't really contribute much to the development anyhow . 
  except about 3/4 of the eu countries would exit the eu because of that . 
  let 's keep this real , dreams and unicorns are n't gon na help . 
  places like slovakia were doing good without eu funds . 
  they do help , but they 're not willing to fuck themselves over ( as * they * see it ) for them at all . 
  wishes and unicorns . 
  but you really need both for it to work . 
  i agree , rounding is more humane than cutting . 
  it actually is , because they have contractually agreed to it when signing the eu treaties . 
  whereas nobody has ever agreed or signed anything about accepting migrants . 
  eu is a rule of law , as it should be . 
  it is not , nor it should be , a rule of feelings . 
  but if rich eu countries feel the need to `` get something back '' for that money , they can write a new eu treaty which mandates accepting migrants for accepting eu funds . 
  at which point , 27 countries will exit the eu , leaving it in the hands of the swedes . 
  hi fellow czech person . 
  i think you 're seeing things you want to see . 
  nowhere in that statement does fico allude to slovakia being small . 
  he just expresses the opinion that countries are sovereign entities that are n't responsible for citizens of other countries . 
  and he is absolutely correct in that regard . 
  as someone written it in other part of this post , most of those immigrants are * economic migrants * . 
  even the small minority of people really coming from war torn zones has to have crossed several countries on their way to europe , safe countries like turkey , where they could have easily settled . 
  the reason they chose the eu is obviously the economic benefits it entails . 
  but again , neither slovakia nor any other country inside or outside the eu has the obligation to accept economic migrants . 
  and people should n't be vilified for saying that . 
  could n't have said it better myself . 
  say what you will , but i do n't think 110 troops stationed there for less than 5 years did very much . 
  on the other hand , slovakia is one of the 3 countries that [ started ww2 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/invasion_of_poland ) . 
  eu was never a family . 
  eu is an apartment building of neighbours that after several hundreds of years found out not killing each other is better than killing each other . 
  no , they should leave the eurozone * no matter what * . 
  their economy is too periferic , too far away from the euro-core of germany-france-benelux , so their economic cycles are not tied together and thus having one control from ecb hurts the greek economy . 
  no it absolutely is n't .
