  what can you do about it . 
  thankfully , young people do n't read that dribble any more . 
  and distribute the fire equally among all members . 
  but do you really think a relocation of 40.000 will solve your issue ? 
  when you had 170k new arrivals last year and are on track to break 200k this year ? 
  why is the eu even trying to relocate a measly 40k and talking about it over a month now , when close to a million will arrive this year ? 
  this is not a solution , but a bureeaucratic bullshit . 
  we need an actual solution . 
  america is the biggest example of a melting-pot country . 
  sorry that we do n't list all the current melting pot countries in the world in every comment . 
  google can remove each occurance only after they spot it . 
  they wo n't be able to spot them all . 
  then we disagree . 
  i believe it applies pretty much universaly . 
  it 's the governing law of the internet . 
  as john gilmore eloquently put it :  the net interprets censorship as damage and routes around it . 
  sure it wo n't be you who will put it back up somewhere else , but there are plenty of racists to go around that will do that . 
  smart is a whole another matter . 
  you doubt the streissand effect only at your own peril . 
  all in one very gay incident ? 
  i think it 's just one guy that filed 70 requests . 
  well , * literally * literally ? 
  but he crushes stuff with a tank , so all is forgiven . 
  yeah , it 's true , the dialects of german are really very wide apart . 
  i 'm having doubts myself if swiss german is n't really a different language altogether . 
   anyway , the german one gets confronted with most often is the hochdeutsch ( as in the standard german ) which i just do n't like . 
  did you know that arnold schwarzenegger offered german tv to dub his own movies to german , but they refused saying that he sounded like a redneck due to his austrian accent ? 
  i do have some friends in saxony , so that might be a factor . 
  anyway , i do n't think not liking something is narrow-minded . 
  ultimately * some * language must be * the * ugliest language in europe , so for some people it 'll be german , for some it 'll be english , french , or something else . 
  you know how it is , on the internet it 's impossible to distinguish satire from completely delusional people . 
  to me you appeared delusional . 
  and eu documents are by law translated to all official languages of the eu , including german . 
  but if you were joking again , who cares ;-), 
  to me , german is incredibly ugly . 
  english is the most widely understood language in the eu by a wide margin . 
  french and german are close together in 2nd and 3rd place . 
  i think central europe is a useful concept and we 're smack in the middle of it , yes . 
  but i just find objecting to being called eastern europe unproductive and the boundaries are not agreed to by all definitions anyway , so i do n't bother . 
  that 's incredibly cool !, 
  anyhow , you can see that even most of \u010cr is in the eastern part of europe in the image you showed . 
  and \u010cr is the westernmost country sometimes designated as `` eastern europe '' , so it 's not such geographically erroneous designation . 
  ot : i love that we both acknowledge our nationality in the flair , but not in any actually readable format . 
  lol . 
  have you considered that black people are capable of speaking properly too ? 
  especially ones that are learning chinese and actually travelling over there . 
  well , geographically the center line would be somewhere in poland , so at least poland could geographically be considered eastern europe . 
  but , the important issue is that when people say europe , they often disregard russia . 
  and if you do that , we are absolutely eastern europe . 
  russia is just a category for itself . 
  also : that 's an interesting map projection -- what is it ? 
  correct . 
  but if someone calls cyprus an asian island , they will be geographically 100 % correct . 
  and greece is anything but western europe . 
  i do n't object to the term eastern europe , especially when people use it in a derogatory meaning , because technically we are mostly the eastern half of europe , and because there 's nothing wrong with being in eastern europe to begin with . 
  if you object to it , it only gives them power . 
  well , it sure is an eastern part of europe . 
  geographically it makes sense . 
  it 's in the southern part of eastern europe . 
  that was quite an interesting read !, 
   there are nowhere near as deep disagreements on practical and physical sciences . 
  for example nobody disagrees on the existence of gravity or light . 
  that 's exactly how it is with economics . 
  everybody agrees on the basic principles , the disagreements are much more fine than that . 
   that 's exactly what i refer to as `` lack of rigour '' . 
  not that economists are not rigorous , mostly because of the nature of the field the best they can be is/are armchair philosophers . 
  there 's an * enormous * gap between economists and `` armchair philosophers '' , you 're just incapable of being objective . 
   yeah , i 'm sure armchair philosophers would find one million ways to explain it differently . 
  i believe in data , not `` experts '' . 
  in fact that 's another great thing about science , it has the capacity to prove `` experts '' wrong all the time , nobody is an expert , only data is . 
  the flight that gdp took after pinochet got away is way too sharp to be a coincidence ... you absolutely fail to understand the data . 
  lol , there 's practically no change of the rate of gdp growth after pinochet left . 
  the only change of the gdp growth was * when * pinochet took office . 
  if you do n't understand that what matters is the yearly change of gdp and not the total amount , how do you even feel qualified to speak on this topic at all ? 
  actually , the underlying reasons are not the same , that is why they disagree , he is supposing exports played a larger role in the argentine resurgence than weisbrot calculates . 
  again , that 's absolutely * not * a lack of rigour ( * n : the quality of being extremely thorough and careful . 
  * ) , but instead it 's the very limitation i was trying to explain to you . 
  we * can not * know how much the export precisely mattered , because we can not do experiments . 
  we can only use different kind of estimates . 
  this is not an issue of rigour , this is an issue of what is possible to know . 
   i 'm sure you can find nobel laurates profoundly disagreeing with krugman . 
  i ca n't take a field seriously when a concensous is almost impossible , sorry . 
  so you do n't take quantum physics seriously , for example ? 
  or astronomy/cosmology ( black holes , dark matter , etc. ) ? 
  particle physics ? 
  history ? 
  psychology ? 
  or any social science what so ever ? 
  that * is incredibly * ignorant * and * condescending . 
   chile 's gdp was on early 1970 's levels by late 1980s . 
  by the time pinochet went away the economy took flight . 
  i can not possibly comment to that , that is a complete and utter misunderstanding of every aspect of that situation . 
   is there a source regarding months of stockpiles ? 
  because i 'm sure that on the hospital - yesterday - they told us that meds were running low . 
  to me that 's as close as possible to a ( future ) fact . 
  if grexit happens today people would die ... 
  i 'm not sure where i read it , i think it was the guardian , dunno . 
  people die every day , so yeah , people will die regardless of grexit . 
  but be assured that no , thousands will * not * die in case a grexit happens . 
  if push really comes to shove , you can very temporarily get medicine from across the border .
