  i watched very sadly obamacare unfold , you should have gone with national heath care . 
  you failed yet again . 
  now , i 'm not saying you 're a bad country . 
  usa is top notch in economy and military . 
  but considering standard of living for the usual citizens , you 're nowhere close to western europe , nowhere . 
  but yes , better then bulgaria for sure . 
  when i say europe , i mostly meant western europe , because it had the same time to develop as the us did . 
  countries like bulgaria , ukraine and such were under heavy communist regimes , and as we all know , they failed hard . 
  so , i believe i do know what i 'm talking about . 
  but feel free to disagree . 
  well , person working 1 hour a week might not have good money . 
  he might be severely underemployed . 
  but what he most assuredly is n't , is unemployed . 
  how could it be higher ? 
  well , i 'd imagine it creates a lot of envy in those left home . 
  and let 's face it , most people do n't have the balls to leave their home country . 
  also , since most people would say that the adventurous are on average better skilled , it makes the potential best minds leave the country and not contribute to the home economy . 
  also it 's possible that those poles working in other countries are n't around to vote and poll . 
  the classic bias . 
  well , if we take into account spain and italy , i think there is a chance , because those guys are running their economies to the ground quite effectively . 
  well , usa is above $ 40k there and i believe it has neither solid education system for the masses , nor good health care , and assuredly not relative safety  beware of your generalizations . 
  he 's saying biggest , not `` richest '' per capita . 
  it might not be better than luxembourgh per capita , but it sure as hell is bigger economy . 
  do n't you worry about that !, 
  we experienced it first hand after the split of czechoslovakia . 
  first you 'll all complain how badly the split was done and how you 'd do it better . 
  and then after a while , you 'll get creative , there 's always moaning about the government , the eu , the economy , you name it !, 
  he might not be the head , but i 've heard that he let it be known he supports the independence , and would accept the office of president , shall it be offered to him . 
  what more would you like ? 
  he 'll soon be your president , scotland , do n't you worry , and vote !, 
  because he 's a european badass !, 
  well , i have seen it , but maybe twice in my 24yo life . 
  i have n't seen the 5000k\u010d one for a long long time . 
  i must be poor  and i loved paper 50 and 20k\u010d notes . 
  i hate carrying coins . 
  `` another definition [ of western europe ] was created during the cold war ( approx . 
  1945-1991 ) and used to describe the non-communist states of europe that were allied ( to an extent each ) with and influenced by the united states to some degree . '', 
  source : [ western europe on wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/western_europe ), 
  just like austria . 
  but that was just official . 
  they did n't let them participate in european integration and nato , but the economies and societies were western . 
  `` western europe '' is not only geographic term , but also a political one . 
  born in the cold war . 
  western europe meant then and still continues to mean the democratic , capitalist half of europe during that conflict , as opposed to eastern europe . 
  no , he 's referring to the same heterogenity of us states that you can find in europe . 
  the northeast , the bible belt , and the west are pretty much as much diverse as italy , scandinavia and eastern europe . 
  yet they manage to live under the denonym american . 
  while americans calling things `` european '' because they do n't know europe is not a state is pure stupidity , i do think europeans do share enough values , culture and history to have working stereotypes , such as your `` european pants '' . 
  no , it 's not full voip . 
  google voice works somehow inside the phone system on both ends . 
  if you call from google voice , you give signal to google who you want to call , and google calls you and the person called , and then connects you to each other . 
  it 's still a normal call , but google calls you instead of you calling somebody . 
  that 's what 's interesting . 
  the most ridiculous thing was when i was in the us - i got a us prepaid card and i promptly installed and activated google voice on my smartphone . 
  calling to my home country of czech republic was actually , and i 'm not shitting you now , cheaper from the us with google voice than from inside the czech republic itself , 
  well , roaming charge does not cover calling abroad . 
  the price of calling with french number from finland to france is roaming , while calling from finnish number to french number , wherever you are , is international calling . 
  on that note , i hope that goes away inside europe too ... 
  yup , smartphones are practically unusable when travelling abroad in europe today . 
  i went to the office of t-mobile to ask about the data roaming , and after they offered me their options , i told them i 'm not going to be made idiot out of and walked out . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  maybe he ca n't drink outside of poland , 
  the placement of the euro sign differs throughout the eu , so i 'd like to ask you all 4 questions so we can see how it is used . 
  here we go : 1 . 
  what country are you from ? 
  do you prefer the sign before or after ? 
  how were prices written in your original/current non-euro currency ? 
  if your country has accepted euro , are the signs usually written before or after ? 
  or is it half and half ? 
  czech republic 2 . 
  i prefer before - $ 10 - for aesthetic reasons 3 . 
  not accepted euro , but people tend to write it after - 10 $ . 
   it 's situations like these that make me wonder if we ca n't just outlaw oil . 
  i 'm genuinely serious on that . 
  if you actually did that , the western world would break down within 24 hours . 
  you seem completely oblivious to the extremely numerous uses of oil that our society relies upon on a daily basis . 
  not just in transportation and energy generation , but also as part of extremely numerous manufacturing processes and formulas , and much more . 
  i see them as an oppressed nation that has been fighting for its independence for centuries , and in that situation it 's only natural it turns violent if suppressed and ignored . 
  but all that is beside the point . 
  i think all nations and ethnic groups have the right of self-determination . 
  basques have unique culture , language and ethnicity and are definitively deserving of shaping their own destiny . 
  i can see why you could think that , but i disagree with that interpretation . 
  when normalized it 's 55-45 , that 's quite a strong majority . 
  20m is also quite possible not long from now . 
  not really . 
  the equivalent to those unaligned votes in a referendum are people that just do n't go vote in that referendum . 
  these people obviously did n't want to express a yes/no opinion , so they would n't even go to the referendum . 
  they just wanted their party to gain seats , so they went voting for their party knowing their votes wo n't count towards either side . 
  do n't worry , there are lot of europeans that support ascension of ukraine into the eu . 
  i would n't feel good about letting ukraine sit there for the wolves to eat . 
  anybody can guess . 
  i 'm not saying i know the truth from the future , but such is my opinion . 
  i was talking about germany before the war . 
  now , yeah , 80 % ethnic germans is still pretty homogeneous , but it 's getting less and less so . 
  couple that with the current migration wave , and higher birth rates of the migrants and their descendants , and you 'll be similar to the us in a few decades . 
  not that that 's necessarily a bad thing , but studies say that generally the negatives outweigh the positives in the very long term . 
  so that means that catalonia will again ask madrid for a referendum , madrid will invariably decline , and in that case they will join the side of unilateral independence . 
  or in a slight chance that madrid agrees , a referendum is scheduled which i think they would have no problem winning . 
  afaik you were still very homogeneous ( like almost higher 80-90 % ) . 
  absolutely , but you only count the yes votes against the no votes .
