  he served the full prison sentence that he plea bargained for . 
  it 's true the sentencing judge might have overruled it , but i 'm not sure how ethical that would be . 
  and it is far beyond me to dispense judgement on what is and what is n't fair punishment . 
  so if i read it right , you 're saying he fled for no reason what so ever ? 
  i beg to differ . 
  there are two points : 1 . 
  `` judge dariusz mazur , at krakow district court , said he accepted claims from polanski 's lawyers that the application was in breach of the european convention on human rights because polanski has admitted guilt and served a prison sentence for the offence '' . 
  i think extradition agreements with the us should be completely cancelled , because their prison system is completely inhumane and their justice system is absolutely insane ( mandatory minimums , etc. 
  not only illogical , but impossible . 
  city like ny just * has to * have efficient public transportation , because if everyone owned a car and drove everywhere like in other us cities , the traffic would literally stay gridlocked 24/7 . 
  maybe you 're just belittling our nation due to your inferiority complex not uncommon among czechs and other small nations . 
  yes , i 'm talking about those as well , and they form only an extremely tiny minority in my opinion . 
  i know only one person that would contemplate going to a healer . 
  question is : how can you tell , if the two always come together ? 
  yes , there are arguments for it , but there are also arguments against . 
  the fact is , empirically , we do n't know if there 's a causal link or just a correlation . 
  i think you misunderstood my comment . 
  i would wager a guess it 's just a correlation with the english language . 
  almost everywhere there 's official english language you have common law legal system . 
  and sometimes china . 
  interestingly , there 's a very logical reason for that . 
  the population of cities grows in 3 dimensions , since buildings have many floors , however , the road system grows only in 2 dimensions . 
  and that inevitably leads to horrible traffic the larger the city is , and the higher buildings it has . 
  i 'm absolutely certain it would have held . 
  stalin was n't the kind of man to give you a choice . 
  roosevelt and churchill ( reluctantly ) agreed that czechoslovakia would fall under soviet sphere of influence at the yalta conference , and thus there was nothing we could have done . 
  so it 's surprising to you that far larger cities have larger highways ? 
  only a very tiny minority . 
   swedes are more atheist than you depends on the study , sometimes we come up more atheists , sometimes they do . 
  why ? 
  there are plenty of two-lane highways in the us . 
  since it appears you are serious : if the czechoslovak communist party lost the 1948 coup d'\u00e9tat , we now know from historic documents that stalin was fully prepared to invade czechoslovakia and install the regime by force . 
  however , we 're largely atheists . 
  i believe in the muslim world view we rank even below infidels from other religions . 
  it 's [ 4,306 ] ( http://www.dw.com/image/0,,18713485_401,00.png ) migrants , not `` two thousand '' . 
  and that 's just so far , merkel/juncker are campaigning for permanent unlimited quotas . 
  they 're just keeping the flame alive since the refugee quotas so far have completely failed to come into effect through reluctance of almost all member states . 
  out of the 160,000 mandated by the quotas , so far only 700 places were actually provided and/or promised . 
  in english you say * mainland france * . 
   so lets hope their successrate with norwegian asylum seekers is as low as their successrate with german ones !, 
  do n't worry . 
  it 's not the first generation that causes problems . 
  it 's their children and grandchildren . 
  that 'll be a fun future . 
  not eastern europe . 
  they are crossing near the northernmost point of the entire european continent . 
  you would n't lead an army through there . 
  and norway is in nato , so they are n't as worried as finland for example . 
  jesus fucking christ -- it 's him !, 
  this exchange warms my heart !, 
  it was even better in the last survey :  which country has the worst sense of humour ? 
  germany germany germany germany germany germany germany germany i am german and i do not find this funny . 
  i remember the 30k one . 
  how far we 've come !, 
  also , as the nation that drinks most beer per capita on the entire planet , i respectfully drink beer the czech way !, 
  the theme is polish ww2 uniforms !, 
   should the eu be granted more powers ? 
  i 'd like an option of `` no , some powers should be taken away . '', 
  for people that do n't feel eu should be dissolved at the current time , but still want less powers at eu level . 
  there 's a lack of granularity between the two current options . 
   how many languages did you learn ? 
  does this mean how many languages i have attempted to study throughout my life ? 
  or how many i have learned to fluency ? 
  does n't stop hammertime, 
  i am repulsed by walled gardens and closed communities , personally , so i do n't think i will . 
  and a good vpn solves any insecurities in the bittorrent protocol far better than private trackers . 
  but i thank you for the info . 
  thanks for the overview . 
  i 'm interested in ebooks , but i looked up how to join bibliotik and it seems impossible in my country . 
  great stuff !, 
  i hate private trackers . 
  it hardly solves any problems and it only creates walled gardens instead of an open net . 
   i do think it 's better than nothing at least marginally . 
  i tend to agree . 
  i like jokes . 
   private trackers are where it 's at nowadays . 
  is there more material on private trackers ? 
  and if so , how does one get access to a private tracker ? 
  or is it simply a matter of security ? 
  because i 'm using a vpn , so i have no need for that . 
  i do care about other people . 
  but i put the well-being of my people above the well-being of others . 
  if you do n't , you should immediately pack a bag and go help to africa or you 'll be a hypocrite . 
  recently by saudi arabia being the guardian of human rights . 
  un is a joke . 
  maybe you should be scared . 
  if you know history , it was n't really a pleasant place . 
  societal cohesion . 
  now that you 've provided credible sources , we indeed know that . 
  yes , for instance if you anticipate them getting full some time in the future of course . 
  that 's proving * my * point , not his . 
  they tried burning it down once , did n't work . 
  how is usenet these days ? 
  i used it in the good old days of nzbmatrix , but stopped after they closed it down . 
  there were too many take downs happening at that time , it was almost useless . 
  not just in their eyes , but also according to available data . 
  united nations , the fifa of international politics . 
  love it !, 
  britain has full sovereignty to choose how many people they voluntarily resettle on their territory . 
  exactly , i fail to see why inking numbers on the hands is so horrible , it 'll wash off in a few days or weeks .
