  france wo n't be hostile , and spain will be neutered . 
  and i think they 'll get into the eea without question , which is all that matters . 
  again , nato is not needed , since there 's no chance of military invasion . 
  lol . 
  absolutely . 
  if you want federal eu under empress merkel 's heel , go right ahead . 
  well , more like iceland , norway or switzerland . 
  let 's not be biased in our examples . 
  and yeah , a lot of countries are starting to seriously consider quitting the eu just like britain is . 
  * absolutely incomparable * in scope or importance . 
  i do n't question that at all . 
  but sadly they do n't fall under the internationally agreed definition of refugees . 
  they are called `` survival migrants '' . 
  that 's absolutely not the same thing . 
  embezzlement means he stole from the company , it 's * his * crime . 
  in vw case it 's the * company * that committed the crime . 
  a lot of people are starting to think exactly that . 
  well , it was n't really a `` major decision '' like surrendering your sovereignty of who gets to live in your country now , was it ? 
  nope . 
  the last version said that hungary 's contingent will be given to countries that ask for it . 
  and only if nobody asks for it for the first 18 months it 'll be given to italy and greece . 
  the article itself speculated that germany can very well ask for it . 
  i thought you were joking . 
  of course it does n't matter what company it is . 
  they will never arrest him , because that would set a precedent of personal corporate responsibility , so next time it could be some ceo of an american company that 'll get arrested . 
  never gon na happen . 
  you 're such a spoilsport !, 
  the americans hate `` soccer '' so much , they just wanted to arrest someone for it . 
  but in this case , they do love german cars , so it 's a no go . 
  i do n't . 
  the us is controlled by big business , the bp after the oil spill was slapped over the hand . 
   that does seem to be predicated on greece remaining at least somewhat close to turkish refugee camps in terms of unpleasantness no , there will still be some people wanting to live in greece , but it 'll be still by far smaller number then if germany at al. 
  was accessible . 
  but even that does n't matter , since the migrants are arriving on the islands near turkey , so it 's really easy to deport them right from there to the camps in 3rd countries . 
  ad the end of your argument ... are you suggesting we nuke ourselves to curb the pull factors ? 
   renouncing eu membership would invalidate the basis for eea membership , since you could no longer guarantee compliance with eu legislation after having renounced the treaties that guaranteed this . 
  that 's not how that works . 
  norway and iceland are in the eea but are n't in eu . 
  they simply adopt all eea relevant legislation , and that 's it . 
  we already have , so there 's no problem at all . 
  and look at switzerland , they are n't even in the eea cos they do n't want to , but still get access to the common market , because they have bilateral agreements . 
   this would mean that your country would have to newly negotiate eea membership after leaving the eu . 
  which would mean that all other eea members would have to be willing to accept your country as an eea member and sign new treaties , after you 've just renounced the previous treaties . 
  no , we already are in eea and our obligations to the eea are besides our obligations to the eu . 
  then they both should get serious jail time . 
  migrants * do n't * want to go to greece . 
  the pull factors are germany , sweden , finland , the netherlands , et al. 
  the fence then makes sure that every migrant knows ahead that if they land in greece then : 1 . 
  there 's absolutely no way they can get to germany at al. 
  they will be relocated to an eu refugee camp in some 3rd country ( e.g. 
  tukey , algeria , ... ) where they can remain as long as they want , but wo n't be getting resettled to the eu ( as this is not contained in the right of asylum at all ) . 
  that will ensure that people that will be coming to the eu will be * only * true refugees literally fearing for their lives that deserve help , and absolutely no economic migrants . 
  oh yeah , and i do n't think that would be a small bump , catalonia is significantly richer than the rest of spain . 
  considering army , they probably would n't be funding it at all . 
  their two neighbors are by far larger so there 's really no point . 
  their strength is in the fact that spain ca n't really militarily invade another european country in the 21st century and get away with it diplomatically . 
  because he knowingly broke the law , irreparably damaged the environment and threatened the health of hundreds of millions of people living in cities . 
  ugh , i feel like the only person that actually takes an interest in the eu . 
  the [ european economic area ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_economic_area ) which encompasses the european common market is not tied to the eu and there 's no doubt we could stay in the eea even after leaving the eu . 
  and iceland is doing fine as well , i honestly have no doubts the czechs would fare well . 
  and i * will * lobby for leaving the eu as of today . 
  call me crazy , but : * people who live in asylum houses should n't throw stones . 
  * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9u0el_u4nvw ), 
  i do n't think he should resign . 
  i think he should spend 10-15 years in jail . 
  i absolutely do not want to federalize the eu . 
  no chance in the fucking hell . 
  i 'm currently supporting that we secede from the union . 
  ad greece : no . 
  we are supporting eu run camps in 3rd countries , so boat people will be sent there and greece will be able to breathe again . 
  sorry , mandatory migrant quotas will put you right back to spain and shackle you there !, 
  there are police and army guarding the entire length . 
  and if push comes to shove , it 's not really a problem to upgrade the entire length to a fence-wall like it already is around the several official border crossings . 
  and effective !, 
  the prayer has started ... 
  whatever the outcome , i feel like this trial will make them only more popular . 
  spanish refugees heading to catalonia i presume . 
  we agreed countries should ** voluntarily distribute ** 120,000 people among themselves based on free choice . 
  just like we did with the 40,000 -- we voluntarily took 1,600 people from that . 
  and then ** empress merkel goes nuclear and shoves * mandatory * quotas up are asses ** . 
  there 's * nothing * voluntary about this . 
  well , her her royal heinie ... er ... highness just passed a reform so it 's normal ia is at 0 . 
  so yeah , i 'm for declaring a coalition against germoney asap to force them to revoke the reform !, 
  it is the case . 
  we 're getting played by germoney and her lackeys . 
  well , i agree it might get really problematic when empress merkel tries to change state religion . 
  also , i did n't know the hr * eu * could have non-austrian female rulers , feminism ftw !, 
  lol , that should totally be a thing !, 
  well that would mean roughly 7 % annual growth of gdp . 
  it 's a lot , but it 's not unheard of . 
  they could do it if they change some laws and attract a lot of foreign companies , just like ireland did . 
  well , a lot has changed since 1820 , turkey has been bordering western countries for some time and thus has westernized a long time ago , and thus syria and iraq are already westernizing themselves !, 
  prussian ideas are awesome , but can they take on a 10 times larger force ? 
  they will stomp them out with the new units they are recruiting in the middle east that just arrived !, 
  i play it sometimes !, 
  well , since germany just now humiliated most of eastern europe , their prestige is way the fuck up !, 
  so no worries ... 
  completely uncalled for . 
  not postponed , cancelled . 
  i really do n't understand why writing a number in a marker pen on a hand of a person that has committed a crime and is likely to try to escape is so shameful .
