   also this `` first safe country '' stuff is not part of the geneva refugee convention . 
  http://www.unhcr.org/3ae68ccec.html it 's a unhcr guideline . 
  if you * really * love queues , you should go [ full communism ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/fullcommunism/ ) !, 
  thankfully , the v4 are n't the first safe countries for any refugees , so no international agreements will be breached by not accepting any of the current refugees . 
  your personal support for this was never in question . 
  it 's collective thing . 
  if the imam in your mosque preaches hate and anti-western rhetoric , the muslims in the mosque have to collectively do something about it . 
  if they do n't , they should be blamed if this very rhetoric motivates someone to go kill hundreds of people . 
  sadly , one man like you is not enough to stop something so ingrained as this . 
  i feel you on the ksa , their treatment of any non-citizens is absolutely * shameful * . 
  it 's modern day slavery , nothing less . 
  yet they have too much power to be stopped , so we ca n't do shit . 
  : - / hang in there . 
  if communism taught people anything good , it was how to queue . 
  thanks for an honest answer . 
  this is exactly why i think the so called `` moderate muslims '' are complicit in islamist terrorism . 
  if you condone such radical rhetoric being uttered every day in your mosque , you have to bear responsibility for some muslims actually acting on it . 
  now , i 'm absolutely not blaming you personally , it 's a deeply rooted cultural issue , and i know how hard it is for one man to fight against it . 
  but the facts being what they are , this is exactly why i wo n't condone muslim immigration into my country . 
  i honestly feel bad that my decision affects * you * , who appear to be a kind person , but i hope you can see this immigration does no good to either side . 
  the czech republic is one of the most ( if not * the * most ) atheistic country in the world . 
  besides , it 's been a christian tradition of the past 1500 years to fight against islam . 
  remember reconquista , ottoman wars , crusades , etc. 
  opinion polls disregarding in some cases , these western governments are dead set in their path for years to come . 
  i 'm from the czech republic . 
  we do n't give a shit when ze germans call us racist . 
  since you 're a muslim : if you attended a mosque that preached hate and anti-western values , would you report it to the police ? 
  and what have we been doing ? 
  enforcing law the normal european way clearly is n't enough the protect the jews from this new threat . 
  and what can you do about them ? 
  give each jewish person a policeman ? 
  they 'll just declare new new labour and that 'll be that . 
  well , there are clearly two completely contrary schools of thought on immigration between the west ( sweden , germany , france , uk under labour ) and the east ( v4 + some other ee countries ) . 
  we can call each other nasty names , but really we * can not * yet be absolutely sure which school of thought is objectively better for the countries involved . 
  i say let 's compare countries in 50 years and settle this once and for all . 
  nor do many smaller states want turkey in . 
  turkish membership is really just a pipe dream . 
  well , this move makes sense though . 
  / u/slusny _ cizinec is n't exactly an educated fellow . 
  100 % true !, 
  keep on doing what you 're doing , ordinary text all the time is too boring !, 
  i find your post syntactically fascinating . 
  your capitalization is very creative , your use of abbreviations is interesting ( au ? ), 
  and your use and placement of punctuation is unique !, 
  yes you can . 
  all you need is a policed fence . 
  not really , they 'd build fences like hungary did . 
  that is what we need , fences . 
  and that is what you have been blocking . 
  we understand , we just do n't want to do as you dictate . 
  if 3,000,000 people come next year and 2,000,000 of them have a rightful claim for asylum , you 're saying we should distribute all 2 million . 
  but that 's not something we are willing to do . 
  you can do it if you want , but do n't bring us down too . 
  merkel is blocking it at every step . 
  she claims `` fences do n't work '' and that `` this is n't europe she wants to live in '' . 
  i agree that in a few hundred years islam can be neutered similarly to christianity today . 
  but i think you 're thinking is backwards . 
  you 're saying there 's political instability in muslim countries and fanatical islam thrives on that . 
  i think it 's the other way around . 
  there 's fanatical islam in muslim countries , and that creates political instability . 
  iirc the polls suggest the french public wants out of schengen . 
  so i 'm thinking hollande might have to do it in the end . 
  he does n't want to , so so far it 's temporary , but the rest know this and are looking for a plan b. 
  anyway , italy is out because it 's a border country , eastern europe is out because they feel it needs to be punished . 
  well , they 're doing it * because * of france , which does n't want to remain in schengen it seems . 
  exactly , i 'd understand if they wanted a benelux-gen . 
  but adding germany and austria is just asking for all the refugees to come to them . 
  these things happen because second and third generation muslims in european countries are n't integrated and are turning to radical islam for their source of identity and belonging . 
  those are complete empty words . 
  monitoring someone does n't mean we 're presuming he 's guilty . 
  that just means he has a higher risk factor and it 's prudent to check up on him . 
  monitoring within the bounds of law is n't breaking privacy . 
  and no , i would n't mind . 
  i 'd much rather that people do n't have to fear their lives . 
  of course we have to worry about past members too for some time after their supposed apostasy . 
   of course a huge majority of terrorists are muslims , that a statistical fact . 
  but that 's not give us a reason to spy and to discriminate against all of them . 
  that 's up for debate is n't it ? 
  us is doing it , and i think we should too . 
  there 's really no harm in monitoring within the bounds of the law . 
  no , i defended anti-immigration . 
  being anti-immigration has little to do with ethnic segregation and all to do with facts , such as that muslims do n't tend to integrate . 
  i have nothing to admit . 
  there 's little social and political instability in france and the uk , yet their muslims are murdering hundreds of people in massive terror attacks . 
   should i go home now , since i 'm not an ethnic german ? 
  your sex is not a voluntarily held belief . 
  islam is . 
   my point was that the importance of those violent extremist movements has more to do with the political stability of the regions they come from than from the book itself . 
  france ? 
  yes , that does make you a believing muslim . 
  being born to muslim parents does not . 
  nope . 
  that 's exactly what we 're proposing . 
  you indicated that people who are not ethnic germans should go away from germany . 
  i indicated that czechs do n't want to * invite * people . 
  not send home ethnically non-czechs . 
  being baptised without your knowledge does not make you a believing christian . 
  in this context unlimited quotas means that each country is allocated a given percentage of the total , but the total is unlimited . 
  we 're mostly a homogeneous country , so there are no such problems or worries in most regards . 
  bosnian muslims are a very small and very westernized group that sadly can not serve as an example .
