  it 's sad , but that 's how it is . 
  no strong leanings toward russia among czechs . 
  no there 's absolutely not . 
  our * idiotic * figurehead president has some russian feels , but that 's all . 
  czechs are very much against putin . 
  as you can see , there are 8 countries that have n't ratified yet , the legislature is probably just swamped and they did n't get to it yet . 
  ok , walk me through your argument . 
  you are living in extreme poverty and you have heard that the richest continent on earth is accepting migrants . 
  what would you want to do in that situation ? 
  well , westminster promised mountains if people voted no but they delivered shite . 
  they are basically daring the scots to declare another referendum . 
  and they 'll get what they wanted . 
  i said unary : 000000000000.000000000 and 0000000000000000000000000.000000000 !, 
  easy peasy !, 
  keep sending them back , we have more money to do it then they have anyhow . 
  and when the word spreads that paying smugglers $ 1000 to get to europe * does n't * get you a chance to stay , people will stop attempting it . 
   nearly 1/2 of the world 's population -- ** more than 3 billion people ** -- live on less than $ 2.50 a day . 
  more than 1.3 billion live in extreme poverty -- less than $ 1.25 a day . 
  https://www.dosomething.org/facts/11-facts-about-global-poverty absolutely * not * a ridiculous statement . 
  a very realistic actually . 
  did you flak in her face ? 
  arianne is pretty much a governmental project , like ula in the usa . 
  not comparable to spacex . 
  right , but the moment they mobilize the army and mow them down with machine guns -- the only way you can stop them , because hungary ca n't detain or arrest hundreds of thousands of people -- the world will completely severe all ties with hungary . 
  well , we are the most atheist country in the world ( with estonia ) , so that 's one thing we 'd be definitely losing in the long term . 
  but mostly , it 's about us wanting to keep one country in the whole world our own , we 're so small that it 's all we 'll ever have . 
  in times where there were large ethnic minorities in our lands , it always caused problems . 
  for example we were the first country in the world to be swallowed by nazi germany because they came to `` protect '' ethnic germans in our country . 
  we do n't think we are in any way intrinsically better than other races . 
  we just want to keep one country in the world our own , there are so few of us that it 's all we 'll ever have . 
  the sentiment is mutual . 
  and thanks for the downvote . 
  one of my favorite cities in the world . 
  i have heard that independence is mostly favored in the countryside and that urban folk are much less inclined to support it . 
  is there any truth to that in your opinion ? 
  greece did n't do well . 
  but if it was n't in the euro , it had plenty of options for dealing with the problem . 
  but it was in the euro , so the only sensible option was a debt forgiveness -- it 's a price you have to pay for being in a monetary union -- ask any economist . 
  but germany , that has hugely benefited from the euro , refused to budge and sentenced the greeks to decades of struggle that basically amount to indentured servitude . 
  fuck germoney . 
  to shine some light on the czech position , we are a * tiny country * smack in the middle of the most dangerous and violent continent for the past hundreds of years . 
  ** we have been invaded by almost every powerful nation in europe : the swedes , the hungarians , the austrians , the french , the germans , the russians ** and many more . 
  we had tried really hard throughout the centuries to hold onto our identity , and it has n't been easy . 
  ** we are n't racists or xenophobes , but * without our anti-immigration attitudes we simply would n't exist today in the first place * . 
   sure . 
  but the popular sentiment `` eurozone will collapse , and we will prosper with koruna '' is a fairytale . 
  if eurozone is going to collapse , koruna is going to collapse as well . 
  absolutely not . 
  if the eurozone collapses , our economy will take a big hit , but our corrency will be absolutely fine . 
  no , actually . 
  if you send them back they 'll rethink coming again because the smugglers are n't cheap and there 's a good change they 'll be returned again . 
  if we show them that illegal migrants wo n't be allowed to stay , they wo n't attempt the journey in the first place . 
  remember that there are more than 3 billion people living in poverty and they all want to come . 
  we need to help them where they are , because ** for the same amount of money we can house and feed 1 migrant in the eu or 10 in turkey ** . 
  first off , having an economy tightly connected to the eurozone does n't preclude you from having your own currency . 
  it 's actually * much much better * . 
  especially in times of crisis like now . 
  why do you think the czech republic is the fastest growing economy in the eu ? 
  2nd , i 'm afraid you have no idea what `` attacking a currency '' means . 
  i studied economics , so believe me when i tell you we have absolutely nothing to fear in this case , completely nothing . 
  but of course you wo n't . 
  well , the new space race is starting between private companies , so it 's good that eu is n't starting anything pointless . 
  we need one or two european spacex 's . 
  not bad , but captain sweden saves the day is much funnier even if you disagree with its message . 
  whatever you think the cia did , they did n't turn the whole country into an indentured servant like germoney did . 
  well , unless you have any credible sources , this is n't trustworthy either . 
  binary ? 
  pche , try unary !, 
  if i may ask , where do you live and what are you and people around you hoping for ? 
  we signed the dublin regulation , yes , that which you want to completely change now . 
  you are the reason for this crisis because your frau merkle has made statements so loud and misguided that the entire middle east , africa and asia took it as an open invitation . 
  come to think of it , poland is the * only * neighbouring country that * did n't * invade us through the ages . 
  we did fight a lot , but no invasion . 
  mainly because you had your hands full yourself with russia , prussia , austria and many others . 
  and also because for a lot of our history , we were already invaded by someone else . 
  it has its hands full creating a banana republic out of greece of course !, 
  except hungary is powerless to stop them . 
  the refugees refuse to be registered and hungary ca n't use force because the west has been bashing them even for the so far very peaceful treatment . 
  refugees want to go to germany and unless there 's a wall to stop them , the police nor even the army will not be able to do it . 
  then do n't push them onto unsuspecting third countries for christ 's sake !, 
  well , that 's of course up to them . 
  they 're strong enough to stand up to you , so they have a chance . 
  well , they live in catalonia and want to split from spain as soon as possible , so there 's that . 
  english is a lingua franca , every educated person should be able to communicate with it , so they should n't have problems even when visiting neighbouring spain . 
  provided you fix your education system , though . 
  well , english is enough . 
  you really wo n't use spanish today much if you do n't visit south america . 
  everything 's in english , everybody speaks english . 
  you can learn it for fun , though , for sure . 
  to shine some light on czechs , we are a * tiny country * smack in the middle of the most dangerous and violent continent for the past hundreds of years . 
  ** we have been invaded by almost every powerful nation in europe : the swedes , the hungarians , the austrians , the french , the germans , the russians ** and many more . 
  we had tried really hard throughout the centuries to hold onto our identity , and it has n't been easy . 
  ** we are n't racists or xenophobes , but * without our anti-immigration attitudes we simply would n't exist today in the first place * . 
  i lost a lot of my pro-eu fervour because of the way greece was treated . 
  germoney basically turned greece into its banana republic . 
  i have no idea what you find funny about that . 
   it weakens your point that uncomfortable decision were forced up the czech republic though . 
  not at all . 
   the number can be anything . 
  plenty of room to choose there .
