  you pretend it 's irrelevant and pretend it 's all that will happen , for the same of making an argument . 
  why do you feel the need to accuse me of malice simply for disagreeing with you ? 
  i think they still have significant added sovereignty . 
  for example in this crisis , they are absolutely not obligated to take any refugees , which is significant . 
  and they are obligated only to adopt eea legislative , which i heard is something like 1/2 of the eu legislative . 
  they also pay only 1/2 the money . 
  for instance , if further mandatory quotas are introduced , i would much rather exit the eu and just implement eea legislative . 
  you are right that they are losing power to influence some of those eea laws , but i think they 're getting a better deal for themselves anyway . 
   i never meant to do so , it 's just that you did n't even mention nato before while saying the word defence . 
  which was weird to me . 
  i was talking about defending borders from migrants . 
  you do n't need nato for that , just a good fence . 
  for the rest : well , i and many other people want to go back to that time before political integration . 
  i am absolutely against the euro , listen to economists , * all * of them are saying it 's a really bad idea . 
  and i 'm for a form of `` voluntary schengen '' . 
  any two countries can decide for themselves if they want the border between them open or not . 
  that way if a wave of migrants starts coming , you just close problematic internal borders , and that 's that . 
  schengen then does n't even enter the discussion . 
  as i say , switzerland is the richest country per capita in europe . 
  they have no problem funding their own research . 
  being part of an eu research initiative probably hurts them , because they contribute more than they get back !, 
  and erasmus is n't really * important * to switzerland . 
  eeu would be * absolutely * fine . 
  we would fence up our borders , like hungary and all other eeu countries want . 
  it 's germany stopping it . 
  and the refugees already on our territories would get no benefits , no resettlement . 
  they would be housed until such time as the war is over and they can be returned . 
  the standard international procedure for asylum seekers . 
   defence is an elusive concept . 
  you 're fine defending your border , unless russia goes apeshit , then we 'll just be caught wholly unprepared . 
  but at least you have poland and the baltics as your meat shields to be eaten first i suppose . 
  please do n't try to make me look like an idiot by putting words in my mouth . 
  i am a strong supporter of nato and military cooperation in general . 
  in this instance unification is perfectly fine i think , we can all agree that war is bad . 
   then there 's economy , the main reason your country joined the eu in the first place , but easily forgotten by the people . 
  that 's exactly what i want !, 
  to get the eu back to its core principles -- economy . 
  i want an trade/economic union ( single market ) , absolutely not a political union . 
  1 . is not that bad . 
  switzerland probably contributes more than it gets . 
  that seems pretty inconsequential . 
  well , let 's see then if eu threatens them with something serious . 
  so far it seems like they got a really good deal . 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't have that kind of time . 
  but let 's take one issue on everyone 's mind : migration . 
  i think that can be easily solved on level of eu nations , as you propose . 
  we are perfectly capable of defending our borders , and we have no problem doing it . 
  and since based on unhcr we have no obligation to refugees coming from safe countries , it would be perfectly legal . 
  but of course , to appease morality , we 'd fund refugee camps in neighbouring countries . 
  solved . 
  undoubtedly . 
  but the question is , could you do better if you split spain ? 
  i think that you could . 
  at minimum , federalization would help a lot . 
  that seems pretty good . 
  switzerland sets its own quotas for legal immigration and so far the only negative is the loss of erasmus ? 
  well , efta does n't have much to do with the eu , so i do n't think eu can take away their `` efta access '' . 
   the other negotiated part is that switzerland only pays roughly 2/3 into the eu budget of what it would have paid if it was a full eea member . 
  can you give me a source on this ? 
  i was n't aware that eea members even paid into eu budget -- why would they ? 
  edit : found it . 
  the swiss appear to pay less than 1/2 of what they would pay as full eu members : http://www.theguardian.com/world/2012/dec/16/britain-would-be-diminished-by-leaving-eu  the eu threw the swiss government a few bones so they can sell the referendum . 
  by no means is this a sovereignly created deal where switzerland took ` only ' the bits they wanted . 
  that 's up for interpretation i 'd say . 
  what you described are some significant concessions . 
  well , the british eurosceptics i follow want no part in the eea anyway , and want to concentrate on world markets . 
  so it 's probably a moot point anyhow . 
  they did negotiate the parts of the eea they wanted to adopt . 
  they were n't able to get * only * the bits they wanted , but they did get it to their liking more or less . 
  please refresh , i edited my comment some time ago . 
  please refresh , i edited my comment a few minutes ago . 
  well , some decisions you have to do on national level , like climate change , but most should be made on regional level . 
  no , that does n't work that way . 
  the only country that negotiated anything about the eea is switzerland , and they are * not * in the eea . 
  they just signed parts of it , so they can get some of the benefits . 
  there 's no negotiation about actual eea membership . 
  everyone gets the same access , the same rights , everything . 
  ~ ~ uk wants to leave because people want to come to britain and get benefits . 
  that is not part of the eea ( afaik ) , so they can stay in the eea . ~ ~ edit : i was wrong . 
  [ it appears ] ( http://www.efta.int/eea/policy-areas/persons ) that eea does stipulate the free movement of people * and * non-discrimination based on nationality . 
  so the brits would * not * be able to stay in the eea . 
  they could possibly negotiate with the eu and get the switzerland treatment -- bilateral agreements to just allow some things , but not otheres . 
   in the end , everyone will still be in the eea -- but countries that have less leverage will get worse deals . 
  no such thing . 
  eea is one specific deal . 
  you 're either in it , or you 're out . 
  everyone in it follows the same rules . 
  absolutely no custom-tailoring within the eea . 
  that 's a really beautiful quote !, 
  :d otto von bismarck was quite the professional quote maker !, 
  :  if the british army landed in europe , i 'd get the belgian police to arrest them . 
  but anyway , i have no negative feelings against spain , i 'm just trying to look at it from an objective point of view . 
  your economy is in shambles , unemployment is enormous , especially youths . 
  you have two active independence movements and several latent ones . 
  as a former czechoslovak , i do find the oppression of the independence movements to be a bit backwards -- after all , we voluntarily split czechoslovakia because of an independence movement , and it turned out really well for all sides . 
  and this is all not really new , you have been the last major european country to have a dictatorship , and your economic situation has been going down hill ( relatively to other european countries ) ever since the 15th century [ price revolution ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/price_revolution ) . 
  the handling of public expenditures , especially debt , has been especially bad , which is one of the reasons you did so poorly in so many wars -- you were not able to field large modern ( for the times ) armies , because nobody wanted to lend to you . 
  that 's my honest opinion of spain based on the facts known to me . 
  no the distance is real , there have been studies on that . 
   if closer to the people is better , who knows your needs better ?
