  no arguments about terrorism necessary . 
  well , if things like [ this report ] ( https://vidble.com/gjpdwjjapa.png ) are true , then indeed this is very worrying . 
  if you die in belgium , you die in real life !, 
  yeah , i 've been dissatisfied with d'clauzel 's behaviour for some time now . 
  just yesterday he censored a post of one of the other mods , who then got mad at him . 
  it was pretty funny , but then they deleted the traces not to look like idiots . 
  there 's almost always a sum of money large enough to persuade people to do something . 
  and they wo n't have much to fear , because the vast majority of migrants will understand right away that they wo n't be getting to europe by staying in that camp , and will just leave of their own volition . 
  the rest that will be serious about their refugee status will not want to cause trouble . 
  eh , come on , let 's not go that low ... 
  do you deny that your religious texts specifically say muslims should kill infidels under various and plentiful circumstances ? 
  do you really deny that it is written there at all ? 
  have you actually read them then ? 
  gogole books is a paid service which i do n't have . 
  there are plenty of respectable people that do n't agree with islam being a religion of peace . 
  because nobody on the internet will read a book just to win an argument , perhaps you 'll at least watch this video instead : [ is islam a religion of peace ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mmraxhd9z9q ) buh-bye ? 
  are you leaving because you are out of arguments ? 
  and i 'm attacking the ideology you proclaim holy , not at all your person . 
  i have nothing against you , nor would i want to insult you . 
  i just * very strongly * disagree with this ideology you claim to hold . 
  nobody was saying that in the slightest . 
  i was just pointing out that killing muslims and indeed all others * is * a longstanding european tradition . 
  now are we unique in this ? 
  not at all , history shows us that practically all cultures on this planet have been very violent . 
  we are extraordinary only because we were the most powerful throughout history . 
  they 'd rape all the refugees over there though ... 
  money . 
  again a personal attack . 
  yes , i am an atheist that does n't like ferocious religious people and finds them dangerous , muslims especially because their religious texts i find particularly violent ( compared to say buddhists ) . 
  what i do n't do is insult people or attack their persons instead of their arguments . 
  wow , you are obnoxious . 
  it is * very * unfair . 
  but sadly that is what everyone agreed on . 
  we ca n't suddenly start claiming they have responsibilities to these refugees if we agreed they do n't . 
  the real problems lies in the fact that it 'll be impossible to agree on different regulations now , because anti-immigration views have sprung up in so many eu countries . 
  these personal attacks do not help the discussion . 
  just the tip though , just the tip . 
  i know there are plenty of uninformed people on the internet , but at some point it really becomes extremely obvious someone is joking . 
  especially when pointing to the may 1958 crisis / coup d'\u00e9tat . 
  i hope you do n't take it personally , as an atheist i have distaste for all religions . 
  the sad fact however is , that your religious texts are very violent advocating killing of infidels , i.e. 
  i am biased , but i have many arguments on my side . 
  but for god 's sake ( hehe ) , is there anyone who understands what consensus is ?!?!?!, 
  consensus means that everyone in that particular field agrees on something . 
  so a list of 10 books that i can not read without buying them on the internet ( !!! ), 
  is not going to persuade me there is a consensus . 
  i can equally find a list of 10 books with opposing view thus proving there is not a consensus on the issue !, 
  i was doubting her gender from the very first moment i saw her . 
  not that i was sure , but she looked ambiguous . 
  that meme -- & gt ; = = = = = = = his head, 
   if you do n't aim to kill people you should n't be shooting them . 
  not that i advise this , but that is false . 
  you can shoot people in the legs so they stop coming at you , or the arms so they ca n't shoot back . 
  etc , etc. 
  so you decided to call me brainwashed even though you yourself admit you have no knowledge on the topic ? 
  that is beautiful . 
  and no , i did not do any such thing . 
  he was claiming there was consensus on the issue , which is an extravagant claim , and failed to support it with any acceptable source . 
  because of course there is n't consensus on that !, 
  wait , i thought kebab meand the turks , not muslims in general ... 
  hello , mr. varoufakis . 
  so say we all !, 
  you have to be pretty low if you 'd rather discredit people with ad hominem attacks rather than using arguments . 
  lol , now i really think you do n't even understand what `` consensus '' means . 
  consensus on a topic is if everyone knowledgeable in the topic agrees to something . 
  which is blatantly not the case here . 
  10 people do n't make a consensus . 
  and i do n't think you read the books either . 
  good bye indeed . 
  if there are so many sources that claim that there is consensus in the issue , you could possibly find something on the internet indicating as much . 
  you ca n't expect people to order these books , because even most libraries wo n't carry them in europe . 
  also , if i may point out , a list of 10 books does not a consensus make . 
  i could easily make a list of 10 books with different opinion on the matter thus refuting your claim on consensus . 
  oh , i am sorry that is a miscommunication , i did not mean that in the slightest . 
   if europe becomes predominantly muslim , the morals and principles will change possibly as much as to those of isis . 
   ...  i said `` possibly as much as to those of isis '' , not indicating that it is likely , but instead using it as the worst case scenario . 
  the worst case scenario i pointed out is not if europe becomes predominantly muslim , but if its * morals and principles change as much as to those of isis * , which i deplore . 
  please do n't yell . 
  i might be missing something , so feel free to stop me . 
  there are 1.62 billion muslims in the world , half of that is 810 millions . 
  the current population of the entire europe is 742 millions ( eu just 508 millions ) . 
  so indeed if , as you propose , half of all muslims rush into europe , europe will indeed be predominantly muslim . 
  and that 's just the short term ( indeed if they `` rush '' ) , in the long term the fact is native europeans have very low birth rates ( below replacement levels ) , whereas muslims tend to have extremely high birth rates . 
  for example , in israel the jews are encouraged to have as many kids as possible , because the small population of muslims in the country have such high birth rates they are rapidly starting to grow as percentage of population . 
  i 'm sorry , he meant lower netherlands and upper france . 
  so instead of offering any counter arguments you have yet again decided to insult me by implying i am uneducated , further you claimed that i have lied without providing any form of proof or counter argument , insinuated that i have not contributed anything of value and that my opinions are in fact dangerous . 
  those are all attacks , most of them outright ad hominem , that are n't supported by any argument , evidence or anything of value from yourself . 
  bravo . 
  no , saying one name and same vague phrase does not prove there is a consensus on the issue . 
  please provide a real source or retract your baseless claim . 
  nice , so instead of actually discussing with me and countering my arguments , you just insult my person and think you have won ? 
  what makes you so superior , so able to comprehend and argue properly ? 
  so far you have demonstrated the opposite . 
  well of course i meant land borders in that instance . 
  boats in the med need a different strategy , perhaps akin to australia 's . 
  wow , i would n't in any way dare to say there is consensus on this issue . 
  do you have any sort of source for your audacious claim ? 
  well , if one random commenter can proclaim it false on the internet then we know that 's the absolute truth , do n't we ? 
  the fact is , scholars are debating whether islam is the `` religion of peace '' it proclaims itself to be , and the arguments i have heard have all went the other way .
