  i really hope you were kidding , but i 'm afraid you were not . 
  also , they do n't * want * immigrants , but they feel empathetic to war torn people , so they do take a lot of them already , compared to other countries . 
   yet italy 's partners , especially the selfish east european , who are all net beneficiaries , are all happy to get eu contributions but when it comes to do their bit european union is n't some group of dudes that help each other because that 's what bros do . 
  eu is a union governed by its own laws and regulations to which each country agreed to when they joined . 
  paying to the common eu budget is each country 's duty , but taking italy 's refugees is not . 
  so saying they 're not `` doing their bit '' is na\u00efve and meaningless . 
  which is completely disregarding the `` nothing to eat '' situation . 
  which renders that whole number completely meaningless . 
  how do you know they 're using racist stereotypes and not islamic/religious stereotypes ? 
  the word `` racist '' gets thrown around a lot , but muslims really are n't a race . 
  nah , he needs to know he 's awesome and do more of the same , 
  well , he 's pretty awesome . 
  sadly , there are no pills to treat that , 
  also alcohol . 
  we are czechs after all . 
  not really . 
  even an ideal world has only 24 hours in a day -- we ca n't expect the entire population to read every entire proposed bill or treaty . 
  we have to have a multitude of trusted independent professionals that do that for them and summarize it to the most important points . 
  especially since bills and treaties contain plenty of very irrelevant minute details that really do n't matter . 
  he got baptised on his death bed , because baptism washes away all your previous sins . 
  and as a roman emperor , `` sinning '' was kinda his job description . 
  well , i do too , but i do n't think i should have to . 
  well , you know , that makes sense . 
  if it 's legal , it ca n't be called corruption . 
  that was after he accused me of ignoring the opinion of poor people , completely out of nowhere . 
  i was so disoriented by his illogical thought process ( now i think he just does n't understand the word economics ) that i * literally * did n't know `` what the heck he was talking about '' . 
  so because i had no logical point from which to work , i explained what economics is so he because he had to completely misunderstand that . 
  i do not consider this arrogant and i tried to remain as polite as possible . 
  as we debated in the other thread , my phrasing was neutral . 
  it was just your reaction to the word `` economics '' that coloured it negatively . 
  anyway , assholes are everywhere , do n't blame us economists !, 
  put down that thesaurus there !, 
   yeah you were n't , that however does n't mean it was right . 
  it 's just a sad fact that economics is treated today as a dark science we should all be afraid of . 
  i made a remark about a topic , so i prefaced it with a notice that i did study that topic in school and hold a degree proving it . 
  which might not mean much , but maybe it means a little at least . 
  what i did not do was in any way presume or insinuate the other person did not have the same education . 
  my exact phrasing was :  due to my economics background , i can tell you with certainty that lobbying creates much more harm than good . 
  i think , just maybe , you 're biased against economists due to your bitter personal experience . 
  : answering your own questions is considered a bad form . 
   he studied economics and he thinks that gives him the divine right to proclaim himself the authority on anything and everything . 
  i just had a minor realization . 
  the thing about economics is , it 's probably the most misunderstood branch of science in the world today . 
  people do n't really grasp what it 's scope is -- some , maybe most people see it as nothing more than accounting . 
  and your phrasing `` authority on anything and everything '' fits exactly with that . 
  economists tend to have opinions about things normal people do n't think are really covered by economics , and therefore they have to be making shit up . 
  but the field of economics is so vast and encompasses such a big part of the functioning of our society , that he very likely did have knowledge about the topic you were arguing , you just did n't believe he could have . 
  anyhow , i 'm pretty sure you 're not even gon na read this far , but at least i got this realization out of it . 
   have a nice day . 
  unfortunately not , the problem is that the copyright system is n't united , so they need to get the rights to the content in every single country they want to function in . 
  this is the next thing the eu needs to tackle , and they 're actually working on it right now , so let 's hope they come up with a good solution . 
  economics is a study of companies , among other things . 
  companies use lobbying a lot , therefore the use of lobbying is studied by economics as well . 
  if you study a certain topic , it usually leads to knowing more about it than the average person . 
  it can be annoying if someone knows more than you and tries to explain things to you constantly , but it does n't change the fact that maybe he really does know more than you do . 
  sadly , politicians and lobbyists are using the wrong definition too . 
  at least in the us , which i 'm afraid might come to europe soon enough . 
  to give you a recent example , please try watching this segment from last week tonight with john oliver : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9whzt6gbgi it 's not only informative , but also funny , so it 's time well spent . 
  i did n't say a good thing , i said not a bad thing . 
  governance is ultimately about weighing options . 
  we can pass environmental regulation , but we know that industry is dirty , and some of it might move out . 
  that 's how it is , and we ca n't do much about it . 
  important thing is , that the people passing the regulation think about what 's best for the people , not what 's best for the companies that give them the most money . 
  you have the wrong impression . 
  by lobbying i mean a lobbying using a transfer of money , goods or services as a means of convincing the politician . 
  that i 'm not against . 
  people are people and will be doing favours for each other until the species dies out . 
  but you 're not going to do the big things that are being done by lobbying today just based on a favour from a guy in college . 
  not unless there 's something in it for you -- which would be illegal . 
  ad factories moving to marocco unless something . 
  that 's again not something we should make illegal . 
  companies * do * move to other countries because it is cheaper to operate there , and there 's nothing we can do about it . 
  if you pass an environmental law which would cost the company millions to work with , they just might move to marocco , and that 's not a bad thing . 
  other than you 're comment apologizing for patronizing me , i did n't feel you patronized me , just expressing your opinion . 
   i do * not * want to cut off politicians from the society . 
  i just want them to act based on what they think might get them popular and thus more electable , not based on what they get out of it . 
  lobbying behind closed doors would be then illegal bribery , which you can then find out and severely punish so that the politicians think twice about it next time . 
  what you 're proposing is too idealistic , people never have as big an incentive to approach a government about a given issue as a large company that directly stands to directly gain large amounts of money from it . 
  deluded is such a derogatory term . 
  if you 're really interested in the truth about this very important topic you 'll do a research for yourself and then we can agree on something . 
  but if you do n't want to spend the time , let 's not agree at all . 
  thanks !, 
  because everyone 's opinion should be heard . 
  maybe a party that has so far had only 5 % of the popular vote makes the most sense ? 
  there will be plenty of parties you 'll disagree with , but democracy only works if we debate it out . 
  the money is kept low so that the campaigns do find the people , but it 's not in your face like in the us where they waste tens of billions on each campaign . 
  no no , there are hard caps on the amount of money . 
  all parties over 5 % of the popular vote get the same amount of money . 
  and parties below that get a proportional amount . 
  the only problem is new parties , but given that the amount of money is strictly limited to be quite low , it 's not a big problem to break into the cycle . 
  i 'm not shutting them out of political process , i 'm just disallowing bribery . 
  i believe you 're very in the dark about the actual state of lobbying , but i 'm currently supposed to be writing a thesis , so i 'm not going to find sources for you , sorry . 
  but if you 're really interested in the truth , do search for the info yourself . 
  i believe that is the number 1 issue plaguing usa today , and until it is dealt with life in the states is going to be hard . 
  in many democratic systems the parties get a specific amount of money from the state to run their campaigns . 
  and if a new party wants to establish itself , it needs to rely on grassroots support . 
  if i was designing a sytem , i 'd make a maximum of say $ 1 dollar per living person which that person could donate to any party he chooses in a given election , or perhaps split it between the parties . 
  everybody can afford $ 1 , even very poor people . 
  and then the state would multiply the total amount of money received by each party , so that the budgets were big enough for some ads and billboards and such , but not really too big . 
  i do not want to distinguish between forms of lobbying , because i believe that good forms of lobbying do not need to rely on bribery , i.e.
