  both are ideas voluntarily held that can be very dangerous . 
  you are right that this profiling of monitoring might be constitutionally problematic in some countries , but constitutions are man made and sometimes need to be revised . 
  let 's not forget that the american constitutions had black slaves as [ 3/5ths of a man ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/three-fifths_compromise ) . 
  i know the definition of the word `` ethnic '' , but thanks anyway . 
  i have no idea how you think that influences my point though . 
  i have no problems sleeping at night , and you insinuating i should is a very low form of an insult . 
  you should be ashamed of yourself and how you conduct a discussion . 
  i 'm fully against discrimination based on things people can not change : their race , sexual orientation , height , sex , age , etc. 
  i , however , have no scruples against monitoring people based on ideas held , be it neo-nazism , islam or say marxism . 
  yes , more thorough checks are n't * great * , but i do n't feel monitoring is a dangerous form of discrimination . 
  i think you 're just hugely overreacting because you want to appear pc . 
  what i 'm talking about is , for example , listening in mosques to make sure they 're not preaching anti-western sermons . 
  i 'm talking about checking muslims more when boarding aeroplanes , when crossing borders . 
  these are all perfectly reasonable things we should have been doing already . 
   a ) it 's undemocratic . 
  differential treatment based on religion is not something we normally associate with democratic countries . 
  i think you misunderstand what democracy means . 
   b ) it 's unreasonable . 
  it throws suspicion on an entire group of people based on their religion . 
  that will marginalise said group and will undoubtedly be counterproductive since it will fuel radicalisation as well as isis ' propaganda machine . 
  suspicion based on radical ideas is very reasonable . 
   no because noone ever likes beeing monitored , if i told you the government will monitor everyone from centerright to more right because the super far right neo-nazis are dangerous , then you would n't be happy either , right ? 
  if the monitoring is within legal bounds , i would n't mind one bit . 
  the truth is , in germany the far-right is getting pretty out of hand , burning buildings , stabbing people and such . 
  lol . 
  it seems to me you 're desperately looking for anything that could make you morally superior to me so that you could rest in your high and mighty glory . 
  :d  but lets not get too ridiculous with these mental acrobatics . 
  the desire for a country that is ethnically homogenous is racist . 
  nope . 
  if your country is ethically homogeneous and you want to keep it that way , it 's absolutely not racist . 
  actually , it 's very rational , studies indicate it 's a boost to economic output and societal cohesion . 
  what would be racist is to excise all different races out of your country , but nobody is implying that . 
  there 's nothing racist about not inviting people to permanently live your country . 
   do you think any catholic thinks he is actively shielding child rapists through beeing catholic ? 
  no they see those catholics as people making a perversion off their believes . 
  so would catholics object to the law enforcement monitoring priests that they are n't raping kids then ? 
   now do you think muslims would behave differently ? 
  no , they honestly believe that islamists follow a perversion of their religion that does n't make sense and is not the true interpretation of their religion ... then they will be glad that we 're helping them curb this perversion of their religion . 
  the reasonable ones at least . 
  by trying to eradicate one danger it does not mean we stop trying to eradicate all other dangers . 
  and different culture comes with different ethnicities in most cases . 
  i 'm here all week . 
  you have clearly a very erroneous textbook . 
  a nation can be isolationist and not want any sort of permanent migration into its country and there 's not a single racist thing about it . 
  isolationism does n't mean racism . 
  multiculturalism is n't the only ethical way to exist . 
  people are n't born with a religion . 
  you have clearly a very erroneous textbook . 
  a nation can be isolationist and not want any sort of permanent migration into its country and there 's not a single racist thing about it . 
  isolationism does n't mean racism . 
  multiculturalism is n't the only ethical way to exist . 
  does this comment really have a place in a serious discussion ? 
  yes i do believe it , hence i wrote it . 
  you 're just trying to discredit it by insinuating it 's too crazy for me to actually believe in , which is a very low attempt at an argument . 
  no , it 's a perfectly reasonable statement . 
  the reasonable ones will understand that they hold beliefs that are directly responsible for the deaths of millions throughout the world , and thus the country has to be a bit diligent with it . 
  the unreasonable ones have supportive attitudes towards isis already , as the recent polls have shown . 
  good for you . 
  now watch the documentary and see that this is n't universal . 
   i 'm not the one being racist . 
  op 's comment , a criticism of a now deleted full-blown racist comment , is at 0 and tagged as controversial ( many upvotes and downvotes ) . 
  wanting your country to remain ethnically homogeneous is in no way shape or form racist . 
  op 's comment is not upvoted because it 's exuberantly naive . 
  are you willing to live in full compliance with the german constitution and its laws ? 
  if so , you appear to be very well integrated . 
  that can not be said about a large group of german muslims . 
  [ zdf - islam - effects on germany ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvwaikoatwm )  should i go home now , since i 'm not an ethnic german ? 
  if you insist on being racist , please do so somewhere else . 
   unemployed people are significally overrepresented in pretty much every crime besides tax evading . 
  including murder . 
  well then , when they 're overrepresented in massacring people by the hundreds , let me know . 
   i thought you wanted to watch a movie ? 
  unfortunately , i chose a rather dull movie . 
   unemloyed people are multiple times more likely to commit crimes than the rest of the population . 
  they 're more likely to steal . 
  not to put a half thousand people into the morgue or hospital . 
  there 's a difference . 
  vatican can . 
   seems ridiculous to target everyone instead of individuals that are more likely to be radicalised . 
  well , muslims are more likely to be radicalised than any other group by a * ginormous * margin . 
  it 's late at night , i 'm feeling like a movie , i 'm afraid you 'll have to google yourself this time . 
  or you can not believe me . 
  either way , toodle-oo . 
  because they are n't sure if it 's truly anonymous . 
  maybe they 're even worried someone might overhear them . 
  perhaps even someone might be ashamed of their choice , but nevertheless feel necessary to vote that way . 
  whatever the cause , the effect is fairly well documented . 
   depends on what you understand under `` those migrants '' obviously those migrants that are currently migrating into europe . 
  what did you think i meant ? 
  because that 's a pretty big if that has so far failed every time . 
  remember , many of those migrants do * not * want to fully integrate . 
  yes , the actual support is probably even higher given that voters of these parties are sometimes not willing to show their true opinions in polls . 
  germany is cooking an interesting stew that you 'll have to swallow pretty soon . 
  completely empty talk . 
  the moment a country starts restricting the free flow of migrants , they 'll start to accumulate on their territory * really fast * . 
  nobody has a capacity for that . 
  on what exactly ? 
  they voted yes , but the day before they issued a joint statement with other v4 countries diametrically opposing the measure . 
  no problem , it 's a good feedback . 
  oh , i thought he said germany , not germans .
