  the euro , for example , could * not * be possibly a bigger fuck up . 
  people should be put on trial for that . 
   i suppose there are arguments to be made that opening up markets benefits western countries more , but i 'm not convinced the everyday person actually experiences that benefit . 
  trade always benefits both sides , or it does n't happen . 
  no need to make excuses for the east , we can take care of ourselves . 
  i think the vast majority of czechs would prefer the same . 
  you and me both . 
  i think eu funds are horribly mismanaged and should be significantly lowered . 
  western europeans think that money is doing miracles over here , whereas in truth the system is so badly designed most of it is squandered on bad projects picked by bruxelles . 
  and i think it 's pretty outrageous that 1/3 of the entire eu budget is spent on agriculture . 
  what government in the entire fucking world spends that much money on agriculture ?!? 
  i think we should repeal the european constitution badly rebranded as the `` lisbon treaty '' . 
  with that gone , all voting in the eu will again need to be unanimous , so nobody can take away your sovereignty unless you agree . 
  and of course , all countries should decide if they want to get some opt-outs they do n't already have . 
  then the eu would be roughly what you 're talking about . 
  no kidding . 
  i was a very pro-eu guy , but since the v4 was so mercilessly outvoted despite such a stern opposition from us , i had to reevaluate my position . 
  the lisbon treaty/european constitution has to be repealed or the eu has to be disbanded . 
  i had already signed a hugely popular petition on an eu-exit referendum . 
  this can not be allowed to remain . 
   if everyone closes their border then the border country are doomed . 
  it wo n't solve anything . 
  not true , if everyone closes their border , that means the border country closes it too . 
  which solves the issue for the eu . 
  after all , refugees should stay in the first safe country they encounter , not the eu according to unhrc . 
   and yes they need resettlement , the conflict has been going for years and is n't really going to resolve anytime soon . 
  lots of people need lots of things , but we sadly do n't have the capacity to help them in this regard above established protocol . 
  asylum is their right , but the resettlement of millions is completely unrealistic . 
   so just expect them to stay put in camps is not ging to work out . 
  it has been working out since the ww2 , it 'll work out again . 
  this is n't the first wave of refugees in the universe . 
  this is just the first wave of refugees that things they can force themselves into rich countries en masse . 
  i implore you to be merciful . 
  have a good day !, 
   yeah ... that 's why i warned him , and not banned him - the benefit of the doubt . 
  so if he makes this common slip the second time , will you ban him ? 
  what if he makes it in 2 months from now ? 
  surely 1 slip every two months really is n't that bad . 
   they 're the same `` race '' in that they have the same colour of skin , yes , but logically that 's where it ends though . 
  assuming anything about the behaviour or ` culture ' of people with black skin in the usa because of the behaviour of people with black skin in africa and vice versa is quite explicitly racist . 
  but by that same meter , criticizing black culture in the us ca n't be racist . 
  because to be racist the person would have to assume that all black people ( even in africa ) have the same `` bad '' culture , which i do n't think happens at all . 
  this criticism is mostly aimed at the us black culture which revolves so much about drugs and drug gangs . 
   problem with turkey is that the refugees are allowed in but legally not allowed to have a job . 
  having camps in turkey only postpones the problem . 
  they need places to live , work , feel safe and build up a settled life . 
  what you 're describing is a * resettlement * . 
  refugees do n't have any right to resettlement , they only have a right to * asylum * , i.e. 
  be housed somewhere safe while they wait resolve of the conflict so they can return . 
  many western countries voluntarily grant resettlement to a small number of refugees each year and it 's worked ok . 
  but now millions are heading to europe and * demanding * resettlement . 
  that is just completely unrealistic and we have to stop it lest we destroy ourselves . 
  i think we should close the borders as soon as possible , preferably today . 
   the issue is still that we have a union with open borders that agreed to help refugees . 
  that is incorrect . 
  we have signed into the eu knowing that there was no agreement to share refugees . 
  eu treaties plainly state that that is the role of the border states . 
  and they should close the borders asap , because this is unsustainable . 
   no , that would n't be . 
  but if you then to that attach conclusions about people or neighbourhoods based on the colour of their skin then you are making a racist generalization . 
  the colour their skin has is not what commits these crimes , after all . 
  you are right that if you read that one sentence literally , it sounds kinda a bit racist . 
  but i have still some faith in humanity , and i do n't think he meant it that way ( based on the entire post he made , and based on blatant racist posts i 've seen on here ) . 
  i think he meant that generally that happens ( statistics are on his side ) , but of course i do n't think he 'd say that all black communities must be like that . 
  there are after all plenty of rich black people in the us . 
   frankly , tying the colour of their skin to africa is already borderline . 
  some of these black americans have american ancestries going back centuries - it 's absurd to think they have anything in common with africa , or compare them to africans at all . 
  i do n't even know why you would want to bring up africa in a discussion about black people in america anyway . 
  wait , are you suggesting that black people in america are a different race than people in africa ? 
  yes , `` race '' is a bit vaguely defined concept , but i thought that these two peoples were the same race . 
  that 's why i brought it up . 
  we think what you 're doing is suicidal . 
  yes , showing a little humanity is good , and we 're doing that , we 're proposing massive funding for camps in turkey and other countries . 
  there you can * actually * help the poor people , not just the rich middle and upper classes that have thousands of euros for a trip to the eu . 
   that does n't really matter though , does it ? 
  if i say `` it tends to be true that all dutch people are evil to the core '' it 's still a pejorative generalization , right ? 
  it 's only pejorative if it is n't true i believe . 
  let 's take an example :  african americans tend to be thieves and murderers in much larger numbers than the white population . 
  is that pejorative ? 
  well , if it was n't true , it would be , but sadly , statistics say it * is * true , therefore it is n't pejorative . 
  at least i think so , do you disagree ? 
  therefore if statistics support his * proto * - pejorative statement , and i think they do , it is n't really pejorative i think . 
   adding ` culture ' to ` black ' does n't make it any less of a judgement based on race . 
  well , if `` black culture '' in america is wildly different than culture of black people in africa , then criticizing american black culture ( which is overwhelmingly influenced by drugs and drug gangs , which it is n't in africa ) really is n't about race , but only about the specific culture in the us . 
  anyway , i want to thank you for discussing with me here , mods like dclauzel do n't even bother responding . 
  if you actually managed to read the documents or at least some tl ; dr. ugh . 
  geneva convention and refugee protocols say we have to grant asylum if they demand asylum on our territories , and we do that . 
  and eu treaties specify that asylum has to be granted in the first eu country of entry . 
  nothing of that obligates us to take refugees from grece , italy or germany . 
  well , he prefaced it all with `` it tends to be true '' , which i think puts that sentence into wholly different context . 
  and he clarified that it 's about * culture * , not race . 
  the african american culture in the us is clearly very distant from cultures of peoples in africa . 
  i like that you give warnings first , do n't get me wrong , but considering that ban comes as soon as after the first warning , i do n't think this * very small * slip warrants a warning and 1/2 a ban in essence . 
  i kinda disagree with that warning . 
  he said it `` tends '' to be true . 
  he 's expressing statistics and not racism . 
  and i think statistics indeed are on his side on this issue . 
  could you please give people a bit more slack ? 
  i really do n't think he meant it in a bad way . 
  this is just going to turn the community even more against the mods .
