  anybody that knows history well will agree that this is true . 
  i think taking it as an isolated incident is bordering on naivety . 
  remember , we are still the same people that committed numerous genocides in the past ( like basically all people if you go back far enough ) . 
  the only difference between us and the past is , today we are content , have jobs and food . 
  if you take some of that away , there 's no telling what will happen . 
  that 's why this unregulated inflow of migrants is so ill conceived and dangerous . 
  remember guys , this is not a `` history thursday '' thread , but `` thursday history '' thread . 
  that means you can only talk about events that happened on a thursday . 
  only some ee countries are decaying population wise . 
  decaying eastern europe ? 
  you like drugs , do n't you ? 
  because they want permanent resettlement in rich countries instead of temporary asylum in the first safe ( and poor ) country . 
  there 's no need to guess . 
  that 's why it 's important that we run these camps ourselves . 
  that would certainly go a long way , but perhaps not all the way . 
  i think making certain that they can never remain in europe would be best . 
  any migrant caught anywhere in the eu will be moved to one of the extraterritorial camps . 
  there they can chose to stay or return to their home countries . 
   please , give me a specific one . 
  the hell why ? 
  there are numerous factors that would go into selecting a country . 
  i am not a professional diplomat . 
   if it 's going to be anything like australia 's camps , no , it 's not absolutely moral . 
  examples of amorality in those camps ? 
  as far as i can tell they get all the necessities they have a right to . 
  shelter and food . 
   the situations are not the same , so it 's not evident . 
  the scale is completely different . 
  the target countries are already filled with refugees . 
  the target countries are already chaotic enough as is without dumping further problems on them . 
  the scale is not that far off , and considered * per capita * it 's very similar . 
  and there are numerous mena countries that are not filled with refugees . 
  actually roughly only 3 are . 
  and you would n't be dumping any problems , those camps would be completely eu run , the only interaction with the host country would be that we will pay them for the use of the land . 
  any one of the numerous mena countries . 
  it 's absolutely moral . 
  refugees will be granted safe shelter and provided with food and all the necessities . 
   i really do n't think it 's very possible , but obviously there 's no way for either of us to prove our side of the argument . 
  yes there is . 
  since australia already did it , it 's extremely evident it * is * possible . 
  that is the important question . 
  but since it 's been debated so many times already , only in points : * countries of origin if at all possible . 
  coerce these countries to take them through money and diplomacy , if they are n't active warzones . 
  * extraterritorial eu run camps in 3rd countries . 
  the same thing australia does . 
  both are very much possible despite what detractors would have you believe . 
  no , i actually read the whole report a long time ago , it 's pretty insightful into the situation . 
  you can find me linking to it several times during my comment history . 
   if you remember the original topic where you claimed that refugees are more prone to terrorist acts than the german far right . 
  this statistic handily proves that the refugees are extremely more prone to terrorist attacks . 
  unless you think 30 % of general german population are far-right extremists prone to murderous terrorist attacks akin to suicide bombings . 
  but i 'm gon na presume you 're not fully retarded , so you surely do n't think that . 
  ugh , here i am commenting again . 
  you are so obnoxious it 's extremely hard not to get pissed off reading the blabber you write . 
  no more . 
  eh , since i 'm always trying to be civil , i 'll throw you a bone despite your behaviour . 
  so here , for example this statistic : [ islam and suicide bombings ] ( http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-religion-and-politics/#suicide-bombing ) . 
  now i consider this matter closed and wo n't respond any further , because honestly , you 're behaving like a * really * obnoxious person . 
  that 's exactly the bias and lack of civility i 'm talking about . 
  it 's based on statistics , you 're just extremely and unapologetically biased , you have very confrontational style of discussion and you lack civility , so i do n't feel like discussing with you any further . 
  i suspect you 're one of those people that would n't change his mind even if the truth literally hit him over the head . 
  honestly , you do n't seem like a person worth arguing with going by your discussion style . 
  so i 'll bid you farewell . 
  just you wait , islamist terrorist attacks will be a completely new level you 've yet to taste , far-right will completely pale in comparison . 
  and it 's overwhelmingly not just terrorist attacks that are problematic . 
  eastern europe !, 
  why not give them the benefit of the doubt ? 
  statistics . 
  yes , right now radicalized far right is the biggest concern . 
  howver , in the long term , the risks posed by islamists will significantly outweigh the risks of radicalized far-right . 
  fertility of the native population can be incentivized . 
  you lose 26.9 million people only in the first cycle , and a cycle lasts a length of a human lifetime . 
  at the next cycle , you 'd lose much less , since the base population would be smaller . 
  it 's not that horrible to have a shrinking population either . 
  you 're the most populous country in the eu after all . 
  all you need is a pension reform . 
  no , he 's saying you should fear radicalisation of both groups . 
  say what you will about the nazis , they were really good at record keeping . 
   yeah \u00fdeah , you want the benefits of the eu without the obligations . 
  i get it . 
  the good without the bad . 
  who wouldnt ? 
  actually , i 'd very much like if the eu broke up and only the eea was left . 
  i do not like the fiscal transfers very much , i do not like the political union , i think the euro is a huge mistake , heck i even object to unrestricted freedom of movement ( to work , not to travel ) even though it benefits me . 
  i would very much like if europe was integrated only as a trading block . 
   - . - ' and what exactly is ( according to you ) the `` prtimary doctrine '' of islam ? 
  cause im betting theres very little overlap with what is actually practiced ... 
  i was talking about the primary doctrine of shishlam . 
  since you proclaimed its followers as integrable . 
   september 11th 2001 . 
  - . - ' again , muslim terrorist attacks are for meddling in their countries , not for inaction . 
  please look it up if you do n't believe me . 
  and please , do n't be a `` oh my feels '' american . 
  9/11 caused some 5000 deaths . 
  that 's absolutely miniscule for a country like the us . 
  they are in a complete baseless hysteria about that . 
  terrorism is hugely overblown , if you 'll pardon the pun . 
   yeah , im starting to get that . 
  history , however , would disagree with you . 
  traditionally speaking , truely isolationist countries didnt fare all to well militarily after long periods of isolation .
