  not really , most syrians will just get up and go back to their families in syria , turkey etc. 
  and the 80 % that are not syrians will just go back to their countries . 
  and no , people coming to europe wo n't be relatively few . 
  not by any sense of the word . 
  it 'll be millions upon millions accelerating every year . 
  well , i feel like this is an issue all swedes can agree on . 
  it hits points for both sides : 1 . 
  migrants should be allowed to do whatever the fuck they want . 
  fuck the law . -- delusional swedes 2 . 
  migrants should be allowed to get the fuck out of sweden . -- long term thinking swedes notice that the number of counter-demonstrations -- 30 -- is quite large , instead of having one large counter-demonstration . 
  the delusionals do n't want to demonstrate along side the `` racists '' . 
  but they all want to demonstrate . 
  he was being sarcastic . 
  get your detector upgraded . 
  why does every person that is even an inch more anti-immigration than you have to be an extremist nazi that wants to kill them all ?!?!?!, 
  do you realize that such emotional outbursts are pretty much destroying any hope of sensible debate on this topic ??? 
  anyway , the only incentive that is needed is if merkel declares that refugees will be only housed and fed . 
  they will not receive any monthly allowances , they will not be allowed to work and they will not be granted citizenship . 
  they will be returned when the conflict ends . 
  all that is perfectly legal according to all refugee treaties that have been signed . 
  now we can agree that this wo n't be very nice to the few that are currently in germany and the eu , but it * will * stop the hundreds of millions from coming . 
  it 's better that few do n't get all the luxuries than hundreds of millions suffer . 
   it is n't going to to anyone any good if we are going to keep refugees locked up in centers . 
  it will cost money . 
  even worse it will create a sub culture of poor unemployed people whose brightest prospect is being sent back to syria one day . 
  do you know what an incentive is ? 
  `` a thing that motivates or encourages someone to do something . '', 
  if the tens , possibly hundreds , of millions of current potential refugees in the world hear that the eu is resettling all refugees that come their way , everybody will want to make the trip . 
  and the number of potential refugees will grow as new wars start up in different places , as famines spread , as global warming creates new power struggles . 
  it is simply not possible for the eu to resettle all these people . 
  so we must be extremely careful not to incentivise them to come !, 
   are you sure that turkey is willing to integrate them into their society ? 
  contrary to what many people think , refugees do n't have a right to integrate . 
  refugees have right to claim asylum -- to reside in a neighboring country until the crisis in their home country is resolved . 
  resettlement/integration is * not * part of the deal . 
  eu countries do chose to voluntarily resettle those who end up on its territory , but it is in no way required , or indeed realistic with the current migrant wave . 
  the answer is objective . 
  well , that however only works on microsoft windows . 
  official ones that guarantee accuracy ? 
  or do you mean libre/open office , etc. 
  come on , a bit of creativity !, 
  besides , all the - stan countries are in central asia , not in the middle east !, 
  how about croaq ? 
  just declare croatia to be a part of the middle east from now on ... 
  so the english can have some decent food ? 
  then i guess the 12 % number is n't as universal as you think . 
  the euro-asian border has never been completely agreed upon anyhow . 
  come on , being pessimistic gets you nowhere . 
  believe in yourself !, 
  also , who in their right mind would want to speak * german * ?!, 
  around merkel , hopefully . 
  except croat-serbian border fence alone solves nothing , they 'll just go through bosnia . 
  also , hungary ca n't build a fence on the croat-serbian border ... that 's kinda not how that works . 
  [ ukraine ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/52/yulia_tymoshenko_november_2009-3cropped.jpg ), 
  why 0,12 ? 
  thankfully , the girls have n't met them . 
  well , what else is there in iowa ? 
  objective ? 
  i 'm pretty sure they fuck goats . 
  probably not in large numbers , but they do . 
  as do europeans . 
  in goat-fucking we stand united . 
  so , it 's confirmed , just 21 % are syrians . 
  goes to show this crisis is going to be permanent until all the fences are up . 
  nice map . 
  but the person that chose the color scheme was clearly retarded . 
  neighbouring countries should have noticeably different colors , not as similar as possible !, 
  absolutely . 
  and not only for the government , but for the citizens as well , who wo n't have to buy expensive microsoft windows and office just to open government documents !, 
  7 hand grenade attacks in a row just in the city of malm\u00f6 if i recall correctly . 
  wow , volkswagen , that 's pretty fucking disgusting . 
  you should be * ashamed * and fined billions of dollars . 
  i believe the czech government would contemplate and likely do the same thing . 
  if the germans want to see the eu burn , i say let them . 
  me too , it could n't possibly be any funnier than this . 
  was it always this bad ( relatively to other parts of the balkans ) , or did the region suffer from its independence ? 
  all eastern european countries would jump at the opportunity to provide you with their police , their armies their fence-building materials . 
  we want to help as much as we possibly can . 
  we just wo n't be forced to accept permanent migrants , that 's all . 
  of course closing external borders will work . 
  a good fence will stop a horde of people without a problem . 
  and yes , this is going to be permanent , that 's why we need to build those fences !, 
   `` ** it can not be that one country in europe takes on the injustice of a whole world ** , '' ** merkel said ** friday in the eastern german city of halle . 
  ** we do not want to take on the injustice of the whole world . 
  do it if you want , but leave us the * fuck * alone !, 
  there 's plenty of time . 
  the problem will only keep accelerating until the fences are up . 
  so they 'll have to do it sooner or later . 
  it 's really cool !, 
  well , they do n't have to fence the entire border , just the parts migrants might actually go through . 
  and if migrants decide to scale the 2k mountains to get through , they can finish it there too . 
  it wo n't be a huge financial burden , and all eastern european countries will chip in if they ask . 
  i think that 's it , the regions in latvia are by far smaller than almost all countries . 
  couple that with very low population of latvia , and i bet you those blue parts just do n't have abortion clinics . 
  as i say , if it 's just temporary accommodation the entire eastern bloc will agree in a heartbeat . 
  we feel your pain and we 'd like to help you as much as we can . 
  but forced permanent immigration into our countries is just a line we resolutely refuse to cross . 
  and i do n't think anyone serious would call germany nazi if you started dealing realistically with the problem . 
  the stigma of being `` nazis '' is -- i feel -- mainly only * inside * germany . 
  not that much outside of it anymore .
