  agreements with turkey and other mena countries to set up eu run refugee camps on their territory . 
  deport everyone there . 
  basically what australia does . 
  i agree that that will probably take roughly 1 year to set up . 
  we are * absolutely * willing to house some refugees temporarily until the extra-territorial camps are ready if there is absolutely concrete agreement that they will be deported there . 
  this is all perfectly legal under all refugee conventions and un regulations . 
  we are ready to share responsibilities , but we completely disagree what those are . 
  our responsibilities are to help fund refugee camps in turkey et al. 
  not to resettle millions of migrants in europe . 
  if you 'll keep pushing this foolish strategy , we will leave the eu . 
  hitler disagreed with you . 
  they are referring to national democracies . 
  polls are that 97 % of czechs do * not * want to accept migrants . 
  therefore if merkel is saying we should be ashamed of ourselves and do as she says , she goes directly against our democracy . 
  unless there 's a federal europe ( and i hope there never will ) , you ca n't make democratic decisions counting just peoples votes from all countries , you always have to count the states . 
  just a slight correction , it 's either * the czech republic * or less commonly * czechia * . 
  `` czech '' is just an adjective , as in `` czech beer '' . 
  or you can use `` czechs '' in referring to the nation rather than the country . 
  that was his point , he was being sarcastic . 
  he probably should have put `` integrated '' in quotes like this . 
  i can attest that the economic part of her speech is absolutely correct . 
  germany is strongly profiting off of other eurozone members by keeping wages in germany low and thus most other countries highly uncompetitive . 
  estimates are that german price level is 20 % lower than it should be . 
  it 's a boring flair though . 
  and beer with you . 
  :d by the way , as a `` moravianprince '' , you might consider switching to the moravian flair flag that they added at my request !, 
  slovaks are growing slower than we are this year . 
  please note what i said : the problems with the euro will take roughly a decade to manifest themselves . 
  right now , slovakia has all the benefits , the vast negatives are on the way though . 
  i think he 's describing polish king john iii sobieski 's largest cavalry charge in history in the [ battle of vienna ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_vienna ) completely crushing the ottomans . 
  without them , the holy roman empire would have likely fallen to the muslims and the consequences for europe would have never been the same . 
  you have an interesting definition of awesome . 
  i like that you very subtly compared angela merkel to communist china ... :d, 
   [ u ] ser reb richard from southern germany said in a post on the network 's facebook page . 
  `` for years she has been u.s. chancellor , and now she is a traitor of her own people and an islamic chancellor . 
  ** if she gets the nobel peace prize , [ volkswagen ] should get the prize for the environment . '' ** hehe . 
  it 's on the exact opposite side of europe . 
  it 's just false rumour . 
  that seems completely ridiculous . 
  those ports are 2500 km apart . 
  a 30 minute waiting time at the border wo n't really change that . 
  after all , romania already is in eea ( the single market ) , schengen changes nothing about that . 
   germany has gotten tougher in recent weeks -- vowing to rapidly deport financial migrants and reinstating border checks to control the flows . 
  ** but merkel has also told germans to prepare themselves for a new nation ** , one that may not be as white and christian as it is today . 
  `` prepare yourselves for a new nation '' ... wow . 
  shows he 's not afraid of diverse challenges . 
  the west needs to be close to saudi arabia because of its oil . 
  but that does n't mean we have to condone their religion in our countries . 
  i do n't really like cameron but good for him , he 's the first major politician to start actually solving the most important issue with muslim migration . 
  we have a lot in common , i would say just enough for a functioning confederation . 
  but for a true federation we are , in my humble opinion , absolutely not similar enough , not united , not prepared . 
  [ the velvet divorce ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dissolution_of_czechoslovakia ) of czechoslovakia the fact that we peacefully dissolved our country into two when slovaks expressed that they would rather go their own way . 
  also beer . 
  at first i was kinda unsure which kind of `` stoned '' was meant here . 
  i 'd counter with the fact that it absolutely does n't matter whether you 're in schengen or not . 
  the refugees are n't crossing at official check-points and do n't care if it 's legal or illegal to cross a given border . 
  i 'm honestly completely baffled as to why franmany do n't want you in schengen . 
  i ca n't figure out why ? 
  for instance , the roma are eu citizens and therefore can travel freely , schengen or no . 
  this makes no sense . 
  i like that point of view . 
  we are all roughly equal in gdp per capita . 
  same here . 
  and i feel especially bad for countries that just joined in , like slovakia and the baltics . 
  they think the problems wo n't happen to them , since the switch was quite painless and it 's all going good . 
  except it takes roughly a decade for the real problems to start rearing their head . 
  they have some interesting times ahead of them . 
  but a good kraut-bashing is the only possible basis of a unified europe . 
  look at both world wars !, 
  you ca n't imagine how relieved i am that we czechs never did so either and do n't ever want to do it in the future . 
  i am a eurosceptic newly minted in this crisis , and i have to say you are spot on . 
  and * because * you are spot on , i can not agree with your pro-federalist stance . 
  i think that hoping the power of the german state can be sufficiently eroded that a truly federal europe similar to the us can be created is wholly unrealistic in the next several decades . 
  i think a european federation could function well only when a sense of `` european nation '' is established . 
  and that will take a * long long time * . 
  i * love * the reaction on merkel 's face at [ 1:16 !, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/oaamf7qlijg?t=59s ) anyway , he 's quite civil in his speech , and makes very good points . 
  i like the bastard . 
  afaik he said it 'll be held before the end of 2017 . 
  that would include 2016 . 
  and the ongoing euro crisis , the greek oppression , losing some more sovereignty , and people like guy verhofstadt blabbing about federal europe . 
  that 'll do it . 
  they border russia . 
  eu officials will encounter a lot of different languages throughout their work . 
  so if the english speakers can only understand 1 language , they 're less helpful than people that understand 2 and more . 
  that would be positive discrimination of the english speakers then . 
  i think all applicants should have to know at least 2 european languages , and one of them has to be english . 
  i 'm studying mandarin as my fourth language , i think it 'll be pretty useful in the future . 
  that was kinda fun !, 
  actually , if you look at it from a practical standpoint , burning down the possible refugee centres in your area means the government you disagree with wo n't be able to move refugees to your area . 
  it works out kinda well for them . 
  warm, 
  we very well know what they agreed on , they published a paper from that v4 meeting . 
  with us you are equals . 
  with germany , you 'll always be the kid that gets pushed around . 
  exactly . 
  that 's another reason why deflation is bad . 
  i did not list them all . 
  if you 're interested further , i can recommend some articles . 
  not exactly .
