  or perhaps reminisce ? 
  [ the day before you came ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=groj-oiv-eu ) :d, 
  yeah , it 's just stretching the tread , nobody will read it . 
  i upvoted you , so there , some karma !, 
  it 's the only way the germans will realize they have to reverse course . 
  they failed to come to their senses so far , so they need shock therapy . 
  sadly it seems only after refugees come into enough villages like that the people will finally realize what mistake they made in letting merkel run amok . 
  thanks !, 
  if you can , edit it into your above comments . 
  that is honestly ridiculously heinous !, 
  feudalism and kingdom are not related concepts . 
  all current european kingdoms are constitutional monarchies with democratic systems of governance . 
  well , except vatican . 
  vatican is still ridiculous . 
  there are two groups of swedes : those who believe the newspapers and bloody racist cunts !, 
  nature is racist !, 
  it 's not ridiculous to be a kingdom due to historical reasons . 
  but it 's completely ridiculous to form a new kingdom in the 20th century !, 
  britain was formed in 1707 , uk in 1801 . 
  and their constituent kingdoms are roughly a thousand years old . 
  what do i see ? 
  german humour ?!, 
  wow , yugoslavia indeed was a kingdom , for a second there i thought you were kidding !, 
  a new kingdom that * formed in 1918 * ? 
  that 's pretty ridiculous !, 
  roughly 27 of them . 
  then they could fight for their freedom of expression . 
  things will never get better if the rich keep shuffling off to better countries . 
  and the 32 are probably thinking of skipping to germany once they get here comfortably on the plane . 
   good integration is not impossible . 
  show me one country that managed to integrate a large group of ardent muslims , and then we can talk . 
   closing our borders is not a sustainable solution for europe . 
  yes it is . 
  population is shrinking only very slowly . 
  and we can incentivise our populations to have more kids , like the french did . 
  there 's some truth to that . 
  a war you can win . 
  ^ ( i 'm not advocating war here though . ), 
  i honestly think europe is n't above another genocide . 
  not if things continue to be worse and worse . 
  people that feel they 're losing their home and identity are n't nice people . 
  copy pasting some swedish text is n't a good source , that is very easy to discredit . 
  could you point to an actual article ? 
  ** you 're kind of a slow learner , are n't you ? 
   `` today is a day of victory for europe , '' alfano told reporters as the jet took off . 
  about 100 other asylum seekers will be sent to countries including germany and holland in the coming weeks , he said . 
  avramopoulos said the relocation was `` a tangible example of what we can do if we work together '' . 
  removed . 
  `` low quality '' when it 's the official youtube channel of a news webside . 
  shame on you , mods . 
  with you , silly really does mean bad ... dutch kinda sounds like a dying animal !, 
  wow , they are really literally named that way !, 
  what the fuck ? 
  immigration blues ? 
  please share . 
  grab a whiskey and sing the blues . 
  ` cos this is happening whether you believe it or not . 
  we 're thankfully not pc enough to destroy ourselves . 
  aim your questions at abdullah abu abdulaziz bastin . 
  i find it so laughably silly when people say they personally hardly notice problems now . 
  the * real * problems wo n't come now , no , first the migrants will bring their families of 3 to 8 persons each , and live * mostly * peacefully . 
  there will be problems , but you 'll manage . 
  no , the real fun parts start when the 2nd and 3rd generations turn to radical religion for their source of identity , when they refuse to integrate to society because they do n't feel part of it . 
  that is when the fun starts , just you wait . 
  in the meantime , please , do n't be a * dick * and do n't push your quite frankly horribly foolish decisions on our small countries . 
  ** the immigrants , he concluded , have done enough , `` too much '' even , to integrate themselves : `` now it 's up to belgium to adapt . 
  i do use a bit of hyperbole , but i honestly believe it will be bad . 
  many countries already have . 
  war . 
  africans have been controlling their population that way for ages . 
  it 's just now that the continent is getting too dangerously safe . 
  they 'll keep coming , even in rough seas . 
  and they 'll start dying more , and merkel will be ashamed and order to start rescuing the boats 50 meters from the turkish coast . 
  better selfish than destroyed . 
  land crossings are far easier than water crossings and your us-mexico border is 3,145 km long . 
  greece-turkey border is a few km . 
  water crossings are hard , easily discoverable and fully preventable if you do n't mind crossing into torkey 's waters , which we 'll soon have the agreement to do . 
  that 's an unresolved question though . 
  there are proposals to build an agi not from bottom up , but wholesale . 
  one way that might work is trying to copy with enormous precision the entire human brain and its functions into a virtual environment and then just jump starting it in there . 
  other way i 've read about is building a virtual environment and simulating evolution in it , basically letting a high functioning brain evolve the second time . 
  these approaches evidently wo n't work now , but say in 50 or 100 years , who knows ? 
  i 'm sorry , i meant an artificial general intelligence ( agi ) , a strong ai if you will . 
  there 's also option 3 : we develop an artificial general intelligence . 
  `` never '' is a loooooong time . 
  `` never '' is far too strong a word for this statement . 
  that 's still pretty mild honestly . 
  it wo n't really stop the migrants . 
  lmao, 
  in sweden there wo n't be many , really . 
  just a few ghettos here and there for swedish people , everything else will be migrant territory . 
  estonia ca n't into nordic !, 
  nordic can into bestonia !, 
  say what you will about bashar al-assad , but he sure is more rational than the swedish government . 
  ehm , in an independent bavaria , csu would probably be the largest political party . 
  and your nation . 
  i do n't remember , i suspect those people did n't either . 
  not everyone is fully informed on everything . 
  and it is good that in a thread about rt tv news the debaters are critical unless any reliable source is provided . 
  actually , since basically all refugees arriving in greece had to take the boats , it shows that fences can clearly very well stop overland crossings .
