  the corporations have voting rights there !, 
  [ article and discussion . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3nbk5f/scandinavians_split_over_syrian_influx/ ) and here 's a direct quote from the article :  the norwegian foreign ministry has calculated that because of all the social , health , housing and welfare benefits mandated by the state , supporting a single refugee in norway costs $ 125,000 -- enough to support some 26 syrians in jordan . 
   any proof she went through turkey ? 
  and any proof that greece can handle 800k refugees ? 
  i 'll take a wild guess and assume that a bankrupt country can not . 
  the balance of probability completely dictates she did go through turkey . 
  and yes , many of the mentioned countries had the resources to grant her asylum . 
  she chose not to stop there and thus abused the system . 
   if there is somebody that thinks this girl would not make a wonderful addition to any society , then that person is a shithead . 
  ok , i refuse to discuss with such an arrogant simpleton that you are then . 
  goodbye . 
  yes . 
  norwegian foreign ministry estimated that the money spent taking care of 1 migrant in norway would be able to take care of ** 26 migrants in jordan ** . 
  edit : it was jordan , not turkey , but i imagine it will be similar for turkey . 
  [ source . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3nbk5f/scandinavians_split_over_syrian_influx/ ), 
  since the tax will be a vat , it 'll impact you far more than the richer countries . 
  enjoy the eu touch !, 
  germany is n't a country !, 
  true , but that argument does n't make what i said any less true . 
  you will be left with most of those people that you currently have . 
  even those that really do n't have any right to asylum will remain as illegals . 
  so afghans , iraqis , eritreans that do technically have the right to asylum ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  and iraqi refugees and afghan refugees and eritrean refugees etc. 
  they all have technically the right to asylum . 
  nah , i make fun of the swedish political correctness through hyperbole . 
  migrants are still only roughly 27 % of the country per [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sweden#immigration ) . 
  there was a bit of hyperbole , yes . 
  but i do believe you will end up in a very similar situation the us is now . 
  the state of the us is not dictated by politics , but by human nature . 
  humans are inherently tribal and therefore you can not have high societal cohesion when you have such multicultural society . 
  and without high cohesion people do n't want to pay high taxes for a welfare state ( `` because it 's usually the black/muslim/gypsy people that benefit !, 
  '' ) , white flight happens essentially segregating the societies forming ghettos and even ghetto-cities ( baltimore , potentially malm\u00f6 ) , and so on . 
   i feel sorry for you when you tell me that your moral compass is linked to whatever the law says is right or wrong . 
  it is n't . 
  things that are legal are not necessarily moral and vice versa . 
  when i say the eu i 'm including the member states . 
  there are probably many others too . 
  damn , i wanted to talk to somebody who actually votes in the city of london . 
  the legal system there is bonkers . 
   it has been proven , whit the mare nostrum operation , that even if you sink all the migrants ships that come to europe seeking help , you wo n't stop them . 
  boats are easy to find , that 's not the problem . 
  the problem is you transport those people to the eu when you rescue them . 
  if you did n't do that , but transported them back to libya instead , the number of deaths would drop to 0 within months . 
  people would n't pay thousands of euros to smugglers for a trip on a new boat if they knew that italian navy will tow them back into libya . 
  that depends on whether there is a large corpus of common data ( articles , books , ... ) between the two languages or not . 
  if not , they 'll use an intermediate language . 
  the czech republic ( and switzerland , the netherlands and many others ) is a sovereign country , and every country has the right to make its laws independent of what anyone else wants . 
  ** we absolutely * do * have the right to make stealing other people 's property legal . 
  absolutely agree . 
   misread . 
  can you tell me how refugees like : https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=h-2mjwfwoea[1] are abusing the system ? 
  i believe you are a bit informed what the right to asylum is for . 
  the right to asylum is for people that are honestly fearing for their life in a given country or are seriously oppressed . 
  was she really fearing for her life and/or oppressed in * every * country between syria and germany ? 
  i agree that it is the humane thing to do to resettle this girl into europe , but resettlement is something way beyond asylum and she does n't even technically have the right to asylum , because she would be absolutely safe in turkey , greece , macedonia , serbia , croatia , hungary and austria . 
  if the refugees are honestly fearing for their life , they are to stay in the first safe country . 
  i 'm sorry , but i 'm not a shithead . 
  please do n't call me that . 
  guys , i think he 's talking about the family of sir alexander fleming !, 
  are you guys making fun of us ? 
   it 's basically the same language as dutch !, 
  do you really live in the city of london ? 
  if so , how is it ? 
  a real human connection with merkel ? 
  unless the politicians are refugees , i would n't bet on it . 
  translators work in real time , so efficiency is not an issue . 
  merkel has much more pressing things to do than to crack open an english textbook . 
  ^ ( like destroying europe ... 
  i kid , i kid :d ), 
  i 'd argue that yes . 
  if eu had good control of external borders and turned around the ships at sea instead of taking the migrants off the boats to the eu , no migrants would be coming on boats , since it 's expensive and they 'd know it 's useless . 
  and if they were n't coming on boats , they would n't be dying on that journey . 
  eu is entirely for blame for the migrant deaths by helping them to illegally cross in the first place . 
  then move to the us . 
  republicans are always on the lookout for voters . 
  i think you might have misread my comment . 
  if you have n't : xenophobia = / = fearing for one 's life . 
  also , syrians are only 20 % of the arriving migrants . 
  it absolutely is . 
  if only people that were honestly fearing for their lives in every country they crossed until they got to eu/germany were coming , there would n't be any xenophobia in europe . 
  but since they 're abusing the system to get better lives , xenophobia is on the rise , and rightfully so . 
  with translators . 
  it 's usually better to use a translator unless the politician is at least a c1 level in the language to avoid any miscommunication . 
  when in cleveland do as clevelanders do !, 
  whatever you do , basil , * do n't mention the war !, 
  migrants have gained control of sweden !, 
   edit : ''  '' indicates it was a joke people , a joke about their political correctness . 
  i 'd say maybe you can work for other muslims ( that are unlikely to report you ) and not fear you 'll be deported ? 
  if they applied for asylum , they 'd be liable for deportation , and unable to work for some time . 
  and if they worked , they would n't get any benefits anyway . 
  wow !, 
  that translation is practically indistinguishable from a human translation !, 
  did he win ? 
  in the czech republic ice hockey is by far the biggest sport in the country . 
  probably because we 're so good at it . 
  i believe that 's incorrect . 
  the laws are made by the legislative branch , in most cases the parliament , which is directly democratically elected .
