  thank you !, 
  that * is * sufficient source on your claim that they are full . 
  saying that if they 're constructing camps all must be full , however , is n't . 
   you did n't take it apart . 
  you just assumed it was invalid with no proof of your claim . 
  your argument was * completely * founded upon an assumption that is absolutely not self evident and that you have no proof for . 
  therefore your argument can not be considered as proof or source of your original claim , and thus you have not fulfilled your burden of proof . 
   now i demand proof from you for that statement . 
  you can demand what you want . 
  the simple fact is , you claim there are no empty spaces , and therefore burden of proof lies upon you . 
  you submitted an argument , which i completely took apart as invalid . 
  anyway , i think this discussion has went on long enough , neither party is evidently willing to concede anything , therefore i see no point in continuing . 
  i bid you a good day . 
   ummmmm ... no it doesnt . 
  or rather , you cant possibly know that . 
  `` equally '' implies equal gain , which would mean youd first have to be able to actually quantify solely the gain by the eea without the gains by the other eu measures , which is downright impossible . 
  is that really an argument an intelligent person makes ? 
  if you must be so incredibly pedanting , ok : eea benefits all countries enough so that all of them wish it to remain so . 
   well ... not a personal one . 
  i dont give a shit who you are . 
  im attacking your way of arguing and your way of thinking , cause its shit . 
  not `` you '' cause its you . 
  no , you 're baselessly accusing me without actually argumenting why my arguments and way of thinking are `` shit '' . 
  anyway , you proved to be excrutiatingly arrogant and unwilling to partake in a civilized debate , thus consider this my goodbye . 
   if the camps were n't full in turkey , then they would n't build new ones [ 2 ] . 
  is that really an argument of an intelligent human being ? 
  they could very well be constructing camps in advance . 
   we implies all people . 
  not really . 
  please do n't be needlessly pedantic . 
  100 % of all individuals never think the same thing . 
   this is not true and just fear mongering . 
  did all bosnian come to austria , germany and sweden because they granted them asylum and were willing to resettle them during the yugoslavian civil war ? 
  did the whole guatemalan population flee to the us during their civil war which killed hundred of thousands and displaced millions ? 
  the majority will stay in syria , iraq or afghanistan . 
  same goes for african countries . 
  bosnia is far safer and richer than the rest of the countries . 
  if it continued to be dirt poor and dangerous for many decades , the resulting migration would be completely different . 
  i 'm so sick of all the accusations of `` fear mongering '' flying everywhere these days . 
  it 's your new version of calling `` racist '' . 
  please stick it up your bottom . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean ? 
  eea benefits all countries equally and we are prepared to bear all the benefits as well as the burdens of an eea membership . 
  i , however , do not wish to continue to be in the eu , since the burdens of that membership has proven far greater than we are willing to bear . 
   but i suppose its pointless to argue this with you . 
  youve made up your mind and dont seem to grasp where im coming from , not to mention you seem unwilling to look beyond your own little world . 
  not unexpected . 
  just a little disappointing . 
  : s this is not an argument of a civilized person . 
  this is but a personal attack . 
   contradicts with what ? 
  you said the incidents were limited to the camp , you did n't say they were limited only to that time period . 
   the camps in turkey , jordan and lebanon are full . 
  there certainly are places left . 
  can you provide some source for your claim that they are entirely and completely full ? 
   you also do n't represent all czech , polish , slovak or hungarian people , so the term `` we '' is a little bit too much . 
  i represent the mainstream opinion of these people , yes . 
   you can . 
  if one side wins , the war is over ( see balkans ) . 
  if one side wins it splinters into several other sides and keeps fighting for power . 
  interventionalism does n't work . 
   there is n't an endless stream . 
  last time i checked the population of syria , afghanistan and iraq was less than \u221e . 
  and most of the population wo n't come , since as you said , they are internally displaced and stay within the country . 
  the population is certainly more than 8 dead people . 
  :d if they find europe is accepting to resettle every migrant , they will all want to come . 
  the company ( wilson security ) which had to fire these 11 people was only there since winter 2012 after the australian government reopened the camp . 
  you 're not right in this case . 
  well , that contradicts what you said earlier , but whatever . 
  hire a better company then . 
   it will not stay low , since most refugees in turkey , lebanon or jordan do n't live in camps . 
  lebanon does n't even have official refugee camps . 
  there is a tent city run by unhcr , but that 's it . 
  it will be millions which we will have to support . 
  question is whether they * want * to live in camps or not . 
  i suspect they do not . 
   i am a polish citizen ... then you certainly do n't represent the mainstream polish opinion . 
   the only way to end this is to end the war in syria and iraq . 
  and this will require other actions . 
  that is a complete hubris . 
  you ca n't make civil wars end , it always backfires . 
  and even if you end two wars , another few will start . 
  there is an endless stream of refugees wanting to be resettled in europe if you 'll keep accepting them . 
  pull factors far outweigh push factors . 
   so because i do n't see a problem with providing shelter for refugees in my country i will have to work in such a camp ? 
  i could also say that since you supported the idea , you will have to work in such a camp . 
  i said volunteers . 
  you do n't * have to * do anything . 
  if you genuinely care for their well being , you may go help out , it 's your choice . 
  and you can say whatever you want . 
   it was one officer pointing a gun at a squad of dozens of soldiers ( also based on an excerpt from a journal read in the podcast ) . 
  if they had wanted to turn against him , they would de facto have a better odds of surviving and running away than their odds of surviving the charge . 
  they of course knew that the army would hunt them down and execute them . 
  they would be shamed in front of the whole nation , their mothers would have to bear the cross of shame for the rest of their lives . 
   besides , i believe the punishment for desertion and dodging conscription during wartime is still the same today in most countries . 
  and hopefully this will not be tested in the foreseeable future , but i highly doubt you could get millions of people born in the 90s or later to fight like that that 's where we differ . 
  i think it 's possible . 
   people did change , people change every few generations . 
  you 're correct in the statement that circumstance makes them change , but circumstance is not a momentary thing . 
  circumstance has dictated their experiences and ideas since birth , and this in turn means they will react to the same or similar challenges very differently than their ancestors did once they come up .
