  so i believe the consensus is on my side . 
  oh sorry , missed your tag . 
  i have no info about greece , but i read reports that italians really make no effort to stop them . 
  which again , i would do the same in their position , so no blame at all . 
  the eu really ties their hands so they have no better recourse . 
  yeah so even in the eastern european country from which people emigrate the most it 's roughly 2.2 m out of 40 million , so roughly 5 % of population . 
  and according to the other bit you posted , only 3.5 % remain abroad for longer than 1 year . 
  again , * not even close * . 
  i believe they southerners * do * do that . 
  i absolutely do n't blame them for it . 
  they have a shitty situation on their hands , and absent any coordinated efforts , they should look out for themselves . 
  so , the only meaningful data in that text is :  approximately 14 % percent of adult poles have worked abroad since 2004 ( approximately a quarter for over a year ) so that means that 14 % has ever worked abroad , and most of them have returned . 
  3/4 of those 14 % worked for * less than a year * . 
  that covers summer jobs and things like that . 
  thus only about 3.5 % of poles have worked abroad for over a year . 
  and a big part of them has returned as well . 
  so , yeah . 
  * not even close . 
  what do you mean ? 
  jewish people are ethnically jewish because they are members of the jewish nation and have been breeding amongst themselves for centuries upon centuries . 
  just like practically every other nation . 
  that 's what makes them ethnically jewish . 
  not our convenience . 
  i agree that these people are treated both similarly badly . 
  but i oppose the term `` racism '' being used so frivolously . 
  that way it would lose all its meaning . 
   * there has been a huge amount of economic migration out of these countries to the western europe , most have shed more than 10 % of their previous populations - czech republic : [ gained 300k people ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_the_czech_republic#population_census ) since accession ( +3.3 % of population ) . 
  - poland : [ gained 300k people ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_poland#after_ww_ii ) since accession ( +1 % of population ) . 
  - hungary : [ lost 250k people ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_hungary#births_and_deaths ) since accession ( -2.5 % of population ) so not even close . 
   * the countries are being hugely subsidised by the rest of eu , and if those subsidies actually disappeared , there would be a further huge emigration to the rest of europe . 
  there is some subsidy , but it 's not nearly as much as you think . 
  they 're really not critically dependent on it . 
   when those countries signed lisbon treaty , they agreed that among other things ( like taking money and being able to offload even more of their not so well off citizens to the rest of the eu under favorable terms ) they would partake in dealing with refugee crisis in any eu country . 
  like say set out in lisbon treaty part 78 ( 3 ) . 
  treaty of lisbon is being followed , do n't worry . 
  the issue here is that the southern countries want to * extend * what has been agreed to . 
   is both extremely racist and stupid . 
  because again , what about those millions of eastern and central europeans who are no living all over the place ? 
  exactly how can they live in all of those other cultures while not believing in multiculturalism ? 
  first of all , as we established , only a tiny minority of eastern europeans have moved abroad since 2004 . 
  and there are a large differences between intra-eu immigrants , and immigrants from africa or asia . 
  first of all , europe has a very close nit culture , so we have very similar values . 
  we also share one religion , which further binds us together . 
  so you wo n't see lithuanians beheading people in the name of allah any time soon . 
  and remember , eu countries agreed together to allow intra-eu immigration . 
  eu states knew what they were signing , what they were getting into , and they agreed to it . 
  there was no such agreement to allow for extra-eu immigrants . 
  if i may , i 'm actually from central europe . 
  the rest is of course up to you . 
  but note that in my entire post i have n't expressed a single thing from my point of view . 
  i 'm just trying to describe to you how the average population of these countries sees the issue , so you can maybe understand their point of view better . 
  well , let 's see here . 
  the way i believe most central and eastern-european countries see it is this : multiculturalism on a large scale does n't work . 
  beheadings in london and burning banlieues of paris are only the most visible signs of that . 
  so eastern europeans are logically afraid of getting into that same situation . 
  so , while there is a great deal of european solidarity nowadays , taking in huge amounts of refugees is almost a suicidal act in their eyes , and they will never surrender decision making of that issue . 
  but do n't think it 's hypocritical , it 's not that they want the money but not the immigrants . 
  i think if you asked them , they 'd rather stop receiving any eu money than take the waves of immigrants . 
  it 's not that they do n't want to `` partake '' in the settling of immigrants , they do n't agree with the whole idea . 
  the sentiment is , europe has no obligation to accept millions of immigrants , and they should be sent back . 
  and that makes some sense , because if you keep settling immigrants in , their numbers will grow each year . 
  there is a lot more of asians and africans than there is europeans . 
  sending boats back worked for australia , so the idea is , it will probably work for eu too . 
  well , i do n't . 
  but saying the schengen , an agreement between close to 30 countries , would stop working because 1 country is excluded , is , how to put it lightly , wrong . 
  and downvotes change nothing about that reality . 
  well , considering that most countries ( basically everyone except sweden ) would very likely rather stop receiving eu money than accept the poisonous pill that is a huge wave of immigrants , i 'm afraid eu solidarity is a nice concept , but does n't go that high at all . 
  and i think greece and italy would do the same if the situation was reversed . 
  it 's just a really shitty situation without an easy solution , and politicians afraid to speak their mind about it . 
  jewish people are a tightly knit group that shares the same ethnicity . 
  jewish people are ethnically jewish and also believe in the jewish faith . 
  so you can use both racist and religious stereotypes against jews . 
  also , you seem to think that if something is n't `` racist '' it is n't offensive . 
  religious stereotypes can be as offensive as racist ones . 
  i believe there 's no such problem with how we define religion . 
  that 's not the truth . 
  but thank you for calling another human being a parasite , that 's always a good feeling in the morning . 
  the truth is , as i believe most eastern europeans see it is that multiculturalism on a big scale does n't work . 
  beheadings in london and burning banlieues of paris are only the most visible signs . 
  so , eastern europe where the problem does n't exist yet logically do not want to get to the same point . 
  it 's not that eastern europeans want the southern/western countries to take the immigrants . 
  no , they want the eu to ship the immigrants back . 
  so it 's not that they do n't want to `` partake '' , it 's that that disagree with the whole issue . 
  i believe most of europe wants you to ship the economic migrants back . 
  it 's just the politicians that are afraid to say it . 
  well , science tells us that all humans are of the same race i believe . 
  but the widely accepted and used definition of racism is one based on ethnicity and nationality . 
  never on religion . 
  that 's only proof that sikhs look similar to a stereotypical muslim . 
  stereotypical depiction of a muslim * is * an arab . 
  but that is a * religious * stereotype , not race-based one . 
  and yeah , to a european they look similar . 
  the same way a sikh probably would n't tell the difference between a dutchman and a swede . 
   = joke . 
  look at it from the side , it 's a smiley face . 
  you do n't take in immigrants . 
  you just have n't built fences high enough . 
  http://static5.businessinsider.com/image/5092c06beab8eaae7f000017-480/mexico-border-fence-car-stuck.jpeg , 
  well , if they only close borders with italy , the rest of schengen can remain in function . 
  well , because sweden ca n't take roughly 10 % of its own population in immigrants each year ?
