  their religious beliefs were neutered the same way christianity was over hundreds of years . 
  that can not be said about middle eastern muslims that are currently migrating en masse to the eu . 
  if you have the patience to invite them into your country and help them over hundreds of years to neuter religious beliefs while enduring all the negative effects of current islam , go ahead . 
  but we wo n't do that . 
  i 'm not `` quite a few people '' , talk to them . 
   and as for what we 're doing with the new arrivals , call me when you 've figured out where to take them instead . 
   lol , i 'm not falling for this again , dude . 
  you 're fucking * relentless !, 
  * for anyone reading this , there is already a tested workable solution , more info : [ pacific solution ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pacific_solution ) . 
  jtalin will now try to argue it 's completely different , because europe does n't border pacific islands or some similar silliness . 
  just ignore him and think for yourself . 
  what do you mean ? 
  of course racism is considered wrong , and welfare good . 
  sure !, 
  but i 'm not talking about persecuting them . 
  i 'm talking about not welcoming them with open arms to our countries if they hold such beliefs . 
   that we * can * , and * should * do . 
  not true . 
  the fact that a country is an echo-chamber does n't mean that every single newspaper has the same agenda . 
  for example , the http://www.thelocal.se/ portal is quite readable . 
  it 's just that only a tiny percentage of swedes actually read it . 
  lol , so we should not mind millions of people that believe suicide bombings are ok until that given individual actually goes and bombs some people ? 
  actually , no . 
  czech media leans left . 
  the thing is , being anti-immigration is not a left/right thing here . 
  97 % of people are anti-immigration , that means people from literally every spectrum of politics . 
  united states is ok . germany is almost comparable echo chamber to sweden . 
  france and uk are a bit less so , but still very echo-y . 
  that 's actually very debatable . 
  do you know how large percentages believe sharia should rule , believe that suicide attacks are justified , believe in death for apostasy , and so on and so forth ? 
  well , wrong means many things , false being among them . 
  but i 'm glad we understand each other now . 
  it might be harsh , yes , but it works , unlike all other solutions proposed . 
   but that is only because the west is n't so much of an echo-chamber on this issue , and if they voice their opinions the west is an enormous echo chamber actually , but with the opposite opinion . 
  take sweden , the echo chamber is so strong they 're currently getting obliterated by the magnified sound waves . 
   who have no connection to terrorism or radical ideologies whatsoever . 
  they have a * huge * connection to radical ideologies . 
  islam is a radical ideology . 
  you really have to interpret it very carefully and in very limited scope for it to come out even close to peaceful . 
  well , you completely contradict yourself . 
  if you admit that all terrorists are muslim , then surely by not accepting any muslims into your country you * will * prevent terrorist attacks . 
  it 's not a very pc thing to say , but it 's absolutely logical and correct . 
  it still could . 
  have you not heard of [ doublethink ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/doublethink ) ? 
  kind of yes -- atheism . 
  one of the ( if not * the * ) most atheistic countries in the world . 
  because of how dangerously large percentages of the muslim population agree suicide bombings are justified , agree that murders of charlie hebdo were justified , support hamas , believe in honour killings , believe in death for apostasy and so on and so forth . 
  it 's not a tiny minority by any account . 
  it 's pervasive in the culture . 
  you 're talking about yourself , are n't you ? 
  kudos for self-awareness !, 
  i 'd say it 's a pre-emptive demonstration . 
  just a taste what of will happen if germany pushes for permanent unlimited quotas like merkel wants . 
  he does mention the far smaller counter-demonstration if you manage to read his entire comment . 
  and being against a dangerous fanatic religion is not open xenophobia . 
  it 's only a phobia if the fear is irrational . 
  i 'm all for closing the external borders , but that 's * not * what 's being discussed here . 
  yes . 
  there are 193 un recognized countries in the world , us is but one data-point , a bit of a fluke to be sure . 
  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2013/05/16/a-revealing-map-of-the-worlds-most-and-least-ethnically-diverse-countries/ * strong democracy correlates with ethnic homogeneity . 
  * diversity correlates with latitude and low gdp per capita . 
   let me know when a culturally homogeneous country is better then america at anything . 
  to give a non-eu example , japan and south korea are better than america at a lot of things . 
   in 1990s , there was the balkan war in yugoslavia . 
  but slovakia is not in yugoslavia nor even anywhere in the balkans . 
  the country of slovenia has been part of yugoslavia and as such it was in a minor way affected by this war . 
  however , slovenia is not slovakia . 
  they are two different countries , which do do not even share a common border . 
  however both of them are now members of the european union . 
  that 's fucking priceless !!, 
  :-d a full 20 % of the entire report is dedicated to explaining slovenia is not slovakia !, 
   checking on mosques that are likely to preach hate checking all mosques since you never know when they might start teaching hate . 
  that 's the point of checking . 
  poland is 99.9 % ethnically homogeneous i believe . 
  if you do n't like the result , it does n't mean the metaphor has to be unsound . 
  it means you might be wrong . 
   you are not in the position to tell that to people , though . 
  let people believe whatever they want , this is the accomplishment . 
  and i 'm not doing that . 
  i 'm a bit sad that they do believe in nonsense , but i let them be . 
  however , if they believe in a particularly dangerous religion , we should monitor them . 
   and even if what you said could be accomplished : your attempt would still mainly discriminate against the members of a single religion . 
  as i said , i have absolutely no scruples to monitor people based on ideas they voluntarily hold . 
  and no , i do n't feel it 's bad , i do n't think it 's immoral . 
  nope . 
  i think religions are something that we should do away with . 
  abandoning of pointless and often dangerous and militant religions will be the greatest achievement in human history . 
  that 's why i said `` in most cases '' . 
   how is not wanting different ethnicities in your country not racism ? 
  well , look at it this way , do you want to invite new people into your house to permanently live with your family ? 
  i do n't . 
  i think my house should be for my family . 
  is that racist ? 
  the slavery remark was simply to illustrate that constitutions are not infallible . 
  i believe their handling of religion is wrong for the 21st century . 
  with the internet , ideas can be dangerous more than ever in history , and religious ideas are the most dangerous ones of them all . 
  of course i do n't want discrimination of who gets a job based on religion for example . 
  but monitoring mosques , for example , has to be ok . 
  nope , i 'm simply defending my views in light of you calling me racist at every turn . 
  and please try to write your own putdowns , this is dull .
