  merkel pretty much invited them , 2 . 
  germany opposes closing of the borders . 
  when hungary tried to register them by force , german media called them nazis . 
  and why should you send migrants back to hungary ? 
  greece is clearly the first eu country they entered . 
   the generations in allied nations which felt deep resentment are almost all gone by now . 
  well , i 'd say the germans are creating new resentful generations right now . 
   first of all there is no way syria will be safe in a year and second of all , you are recognizing that its to dangerous to be send back there , but you dont allow the women and children ( who are left behind ) to come either . 
  well , there are several hundred millions of women and children in the world that can be classified as not safe and in a dangerous place . 
  but that does n't mean we can import them all to the eu . 
  i do n't understand a single word , but that 's a beautiful singing voice !, 
  something like this for the czech republic : [ bed\u0159ich smetana - my country ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kdtluywupds ), 
  the situations of catalonia now and lithuania during the 90s are completely incomparable . 
  and your 50/50 claim is completely laughable . 
  ah , that makes sense . 
  while i support his efforts , i do n't understand why he 's singling syrians out . 
  i think all migrants should be given the same treatment/considerations . 
  well , it 's not like any party in sweden is willing to work with the swedish democrats , but i understand even mainstream parties in scandinavia do n't want anything to do with eu federalization . 
  how about you actually read the article ? 
   believe me , it wo n't settle the matter . 
  the snp are already pushing for another referendum and it 's only been a year since the last . 
  maybe if you delivered all that was promised before the referendum , they would n't be doing that . 
  yup . 
  if the migrants want to riot , that 's their prerogative . 
  at least they 'll be doing it in the middle of some desert and not in european cities . 
  savage !, 
  scandinavian countries oppose eu federalization afaik . 
  but add it on the other side !, 
  there are not that many poles here , but they are certainly welcome !, 
  we have a lot of immigration from other parts of central and eastern europe and people do n't mind it . 
  we can use plenty of other countries to set up extraterritorial eu-run camps . 
  wow , the paper gives pretty damning examples too . 
  today i lost trust towards eurobarometer . 
  true , but at a moment 's notice they can always repeg it at a different value thus revaluating their currency , or even completely unpeg it and go their merry way . 
  they have full control , they just decide to not exercise it at this moment , that is all . 
  in britain , poland and the czech republic it 's dropping . 
  and from the discussions i had with scandinavians , they 'll never adopt it either . 
  it 'll take some time , most of czech roma are new here , having come from slovakia during the dissolution of czechoslovakia just two decades prior . 
   the czech republic has one of the best healthcare systems in central europe , and czech citizens enjoy nearly universal insurance coverage through their employers . 
  the quality of care offered by czech hospitals is on par with the rest of europe , and the country has a relatively high number of physicians and nurses so that care is widely available . 
   healthcare in the czech republic is generally on par with the rest of europe , although ** several of its key health indicators are better than eu averages , and the country 's infant mortality rate ranks among the best in the world ** . 
  the proportions of physicians and nurses to the rest of the population is high relative to european averages , and most primary care services are provided by private practice physicians . 
  http://www.internationalstudentinsurance.com/czech-republic-student-insurance/healthcare-in-czech-republic.php couple that with the fact that europe as a whole has by far the best healthcare in the world . 
   they actually havent done anything illegal if you think about it . 
  crossing into germany is illegal for refugees , because they are n't citizens and do n't have visas . 
  he 's clearly delusional , our healthcare system is one of the best in the world . 
  i have to say , the nickname `` snooper 's charter '' seemed really silly at first , and now it 's progressively getting really annoying . 
   why not inflate it to 5 billion ( who are not international middle class ) while you 're at it ? 
  or be serious and use the unhcr figures , which is 60 million ( at the end on of 2014 ) . 
  if we 're talking potential economic migrants , there are roughly 2-3 billions of those . 
   `` it 's better to help none , if you ca n't help all '' this is the get-out-of-jail-free card for any humanitarian mission . 
  no , i 'm saying let 's help them in turkey and other neighboring countries where we can help 26 times more people . 
  our resources are limited , and this way we can do the most good for the largest amount of people . 
   being human , they will desperately try . 
  that 's why we should build fences and protect our borders . 
  ehm , practically every economic idea `` wagers on the expected behaviour of people '' . 
  that 's what economics is about after all . 
  the term `` migrant '' means someone who has migrated to a different country , so it 's always a correct designation . 
  the debate then is if these people are only '' * economic * migrants '' or actual '' * asylum seekers * '' . 
  however , until they are granted refugee status , they in fact are * not * refugees . 
   also , refugees in jordan have little to no chance at rebuilding their lives . 
  that is sad , but again , not something they have a right to . 
  they have a right to asylum . 
  there are hundreds of millions of potential refugees today , and we ca n't grant all of them the right to rebuild their lives . 
  refugees have the right to asylum , not to the full benefits of living in a scandinavian welfare state . 
  there are hundreds of millions of potential refugees in the world today , you ca n't give everything to every one of them . 
  norwegian foreign ministry calculates that the money necessary to take care of ** 1 migrant in norway ** is enough to take care of ** 26 migrants in jordan . 
  ** [ source . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3nbk5f/scandinavians_split_over_syrian_influx/ ), 
   until you can provide a link to a serious , planned proposal with all the details worked out , you can be an ass on the internet all you want but it 's not helping your argument . 
  you started it , so i joined in . 
    good luck with that . 
  at least germany , france , italy and sweden are committed to acting responsibly , even if they have to carry the rest of europe on their backs to get through to this . 
  germany , italy and sweden are committed on unloading their problems unto others . 
  france has been too scared to go against the germans so far , but their pm has already promised that there will be no further quotas , which means they 're on our side now . 
  plus , we just need 12 countries to completely block any quotas , which should n't be really hard this time . 
  especially considering how the current quotas are going : out of 160,000 refugees only 87 have been relocated after several months . 
  lol . 
   the `` plans '' you speak of are typically a mishmash of illegal and militaristic ideas that no serious government would ever take upon themselves . 
  nope . 
   good , then the quotas will be implemented . 
  or fines paid , whatever . 
  yep , we 're willing to pay the fine this time . 
  and next time quotas will be put forth , we 'll fight tooth and nail . 
  after all , more countries are turning to our side , even western ones . 
   they have only noticed it because of hysterical media and politicians shoving it down their throats . 
  nope . 
   no serious plans have been proposed . 
  spamming `` australia australia australia '' as if their problem is or was in any way relatable or comparable to ours is just the newest in a long line of cop-out `` solutions '' that , unsurprisingly , nobody can formulate a coherent plan from . 
  many serious plans have been proposed and ignored . 
   you have to obey the treaties you signed . 
  it 's simply immature to claim otherwise . 
  we are obeying treaties we signed . 
   that is a rational way of looking at it . 
  by doing so , you are manufacturing a crisis ( along other countries ) . 
   you 're making what could have been a simple and straightforward operation that most people would barely be aware is happening at all into a real problem with serious implications . 
  not really . 
  our people have noticed it even being planned . 
  97 % of the population is against it . 
  we 're not manufacturing a crisis , we 're just warning you in advance that we wo n't accept this proposed plan of action .
