yes , this is very confusing . 
  spot on , just a poor translation from my native tongue on my part . 
  neither variation nor delta reflect perfectly what he said . 
  the word you 're looking for is derivative . 
  and the fact that you did n't come up with it means he was right not to use it . 
  edit : derivation -  derivative , just a poor translation from my native tongue . 
  that 's because the beer is excellent and vastly under-priced !, 
  clever , clever man !, 
  my friend married on 9/11 . 
  kristallnacht is one of the two reasons i remember his wedding date !, 
  i did n't say they were , it was a simile . 
  exactly , they come on the assumption of friends . 
  so you not awarding citizenships will not significantly change the inflow , but severely add to the criminality of them residing in your country . 
  i disagree . 
  i 'd compare it to offering a starved african person a steak , vs. a steak with fries . 
  he 'll take whichever there is , but it 's still beneficial to him either way . 
  well then , how can you make say france less desireble then a random country in subsaharan africa ? 
  i do n't think that 's possible honestly . 
  living illegally in eu is apparently more appealing then living legally in africa to many of them . 
  but you ca n't imprison them , neither deport them , because syria or any other country will not accept illegal immigrants that are n't their citizens . 
  so anything you can do to them will still be better then living in their country of origin . 
  this is a problem without easy solution . 
  the most doable thing i see is to assimilate them as fast as possible , instead of creating a criminal underclass . 
  i can see how that would complicate things . 
  so you guys are fucked , huh ? 
  i feel for you . 
  honest question , if both nations feel the union is not serving them , why not just dissolve the union by an act of the federal parliament ? 
  or is it ? 
  ukip was the largest party in the last elections , and tories are n't categorically opposed either , 
  ehm ... it seems to have * worked out * for crimea ;-), 
  irish gdp per capita in purchasing parity ( ppp ) is $ 43,592 , whereas uk 's is just $ 38,711 according to wikipedia . 
  also , uk has enormous debt as well . 
  i think people would consider it at least . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_republic here 's the claim ... and i 'm sorry , i now realize i googled the wrong irish republic  the claims appear to have been dropped in 1998 . 
  why could n't it join irish republic ? 
  they are even claiming the territory still . 
  my thinking too . 
  they are going now with informal referendum in catalonia which madrid calls illegal , and people are overwhelmingly polling for yes . 
  so i see unilateral declaration of independence and madrid sending `` peace keeping forces '' . 
  no problem , by the time uk will leave the eu and all is well , 
  he said per capita , i.e. 
  for each citizen . 
  so click `` net by population '' . 
  uk is behind all those nations he mentioned . 
  well , as far as stance on eu goes , i think being in eu and not being in eu is the most important difference there is , 
  i would say the difference is huge when england is actually considering leaving the eu in 2017 , which scotland strongly opposes . 
  that 's about as big a difference as can be :-), 
  since loss of one submarine is insignificant because you 're launching hundreds of warheads anyhow ... 
  this feels like talking to my little brother . 
  the last quebec referendum ended with 49.42 % yes , let 's hope you guys make it over the line , 
  mostly it 's about different opinions . 
  the scots are for eu , free healthcare , free education ( universities ) , less military spending , generally more leftist . 
  whereas england is the opposite on most issues . 
  well , if you move people to the ascention island then you can try to do that , otherwise you 're not doing it , since in a nuclear war , population centres are the target . 
  basically because if one nuke goes down , all go down . 
  so who cares by that point ? 
  on the surface that might make sense , but it really does n't , hear me out . 
  nuclear submarines are self sufficient beasts that can stay under water for extended periods of time , so bombing their bases makes no sense , since in a nuclear exchange they will retaliate within hours at most . 
  so there is no reason to drop a nuke on submarine bases at all , since it does n't help you at all . 
  and all other types of attacks would not hurt the civilian populace around . 
  why is it a better place for it ? 
  seems too far so servicing it will get very expensive . 
  while i 'm certainly agreeing that vienna has probably better services , comparing that number proves exactly nothing . 
  this data was all in pps - purchasing power . 
  and since the prices are at least 2 or 3x as high in vienna , it more or less evens out . 
  with government agencies ( like city governments ) you can not judge the quality of services provided by the budget , because there 's so much waste on all levels even in the best of bureaucracies . 
  low compared to what ? 
  certainly highest in \u010cr . 
  but do you suppose the wages are lower then other regions in \u010cr in purchasing parity ? 
  the thing about slovakia is ... there 's almost nothing outside of bratislava , and bratislava itself lives on the austrian border , the city actually touches it , 
  $ 1438 , and i bet that 's before taxes as these things are always reported . 
  i 'll add to that : pirate party 4.78 % , just shy of 5 % limit , no seats . 
  however , that might change , because czechs have 21 seats , so 1 seat is 4.76 % , by which logic they should get 1 seat . 
  they will challange it in the constitutional court . 
  czech results : pirate party 4.78 % , just shy of 5 % limit , no seats . 
  though it might change , because czechs have 21 seats , so 1 seat is 4.76 % , by which logic they should get 1 seat . 
  they will challange it in the constitutional court . 
  no , i believe you pay tuition to attend greendale . 
  it 's just a lot cheaper than a real college . 
  polish greendale !, 
  just a stock picture to get a quick glance . 
  today is 9th of march , which means you can still register in all but 4 countries . 
  france just has a weirdly early date . 
  let 's not kid ourselves , that lower limit is n't a show stopper either ... 
   ecsc well , ecsc , eec and euratom . 
  all three . 
  commonly refered to as ec . 
  first off , thank you for a first real answer . 
  now , i believe you are correct about the standards being what they are in the uk . 
  the reason for those standards unfortunately can neither you or me prove or disprove , because we are not experts , and standards have a way of being set in the past , and getting outdated pretty fast without being changed . 
  although i do think an argument can be made for cold water transport being safer against diseases and such , the actual difference it makes is highly disputable as i 'll try to illustrate . 
  the main reason i am 99 % sure the english standards are outdated is that i 've visited half the states of the usa , and more than half the states of eu . 
  and by the comments of redditors in this thread and my experiences i believe that pretty much the whole world except for the united kingdom does have joined taps . 
  and if health inspectors from every other country think it 's ok , then i think i 'll side with them . 
  i 'm going to bed , have a good night . 
  for christ 's sake , i just came here and you were already downvoted . 
  not by me !, 
  dude , chill out . 
  also realize that out of the 15 eu countries i 've been to , 14 were capable of handling this , including my own , where i drink every fucking day of the week out of the joined tap . 
  i refuse to downvote you because i stand by rediquette , but you bring up a good point , by the way you 've been answering i certainly do have the urge to shove my boot up your arse , yes .
