  and because they will be different from the mainstream society they will often turn to their religion for a source of identity . 
  oftentimes religious extremism . 
  and that 's why so many of the terrorists are xth generation immigrants , like in the charlie hebdo shotings . 
  oh , i did not know that , thanks !, 
  oh , i did not know that , thanks !, 
  eh , a few downvotes here and there , that 's the price of a discussion . 
  what i 'm describing are long term issues , not immediate . 
  i have n't ignored a single thing you said . 
  i merely pointed out that your account differs from the sources provided . 
  i did n't tell you you 're wrong , i told you the article says you 're wrong . 
  your `` interpretation '' of the text was not in line with what was written there . 
  i did n't accuse you or anything , because you 're not a native speaker and it might be a language issue . 
  well , you seem very hostile and keep downvoting every post i make , so you do n't really appear like a source worthy of trust . 
  it 's perfectly alright to ask for solidarity on the issue , but sadly the populations of eastern european countries are * so strongly * opposed to the issue , since they see the immigration policies of the western eu countries as complete and utter failures , that these countries sadly can not possibly oblige you in this regard . 
  the insanity then comes when you are trying to * blackmail * us into solidarity , that 's where you 've lost all credibility and our trust . 
  traffic jams = traffic . 
  it says  endure lengthy summer traffic jams ** and ** two border crossings so it makes distinction between the border crossings and the traffic jams , indicating that indeed the traffic jams are in addition to queues at the crossings . 
  then have * you * read the article ? 
  it says there is constant traffic on the road causing delays as well as the slow checkpoints . 
  nah , in most countries it still does . 
  the germans are just generally genuinely clueless as to the outcome of their actions . 
  i thought you meant losing tourists because neum could n't get large cruise ships . 
  well , if you made the trip through neum faster ( better bigger roads ) , faster check-points , they would n't have an incentive to build the bridge . 
  and why would n't they be able to do that after the bridge is constructed ? 
  the bridge will be quite far away from the neum , it 'll be in the territorial waters of croatia . 
  why not ? 
  they say they 'll build it high enough for large ships . 
  you 're either mistaking slovakia for slovenia or you have been misinformed . 
  i 'm not joking if i say that there 's * no chance in hell * slovakia agrees to this . 
  over 90 % of the population is opposed to the mandatory quotas . 
  even if it was n't much different ( which it is , being 3-4 times as high ) , it 's about the precedent . 
  voluntary resettlement is ok , mandatory resettlement * will not fly * . 
  cool idea !, 
  well because i am a czech like he is , and we both know that our legal framework * does * allow for nation wide referenda . 
  like the one we took to enter the eu . 
  i think he wanted to say something different , czechs have generally rather poor english skills . 
  legal migrants though . 
  heck , even hungary is against the measure , and the quotas are about distributing migrants away from hungary !, 
  i * really highly * doubt that we , poland and slovakia will . 
  you ca n't go against 90 % of the population , there would be riots in the streets . 
  we still live in a democracy , and that means rule of the people . 
  and i do n't see why uk , ireland and denmark can have opt-outs and we could n't . 
  we did * not * sign for refugee sharing , so if the eu wants to establish it now , it has to be an unanimous vote . 
  and since we do n't want to ruin it for you guys , we 'll take an opt out , and you can go ahead . 
  well , for one , the czech republic might likely exit the eu because of this . 
  exactly . 
  people in the east had trust in germany , but that trust has evaporated almost completely because of these insane statements . 
  what wrong thing said are you referring to if i may ask ? 
   there 's no law for national wide referendum in the czech republic . 
  that sentence does n't make sense to me . 
  sure , but without us . 
  we want an opt out , we have not signed up for quotas and we wo n't do it now . 
  redistribution :  the distribution of something in a different way , typically to achieve greater social equality distribution :  the action of sharing something out among a number of recipients it 's definitely redistribution . 
  and since the uk , ireland and denmark have so far opted out of all immigration issues , i have little doubt they will opt out from this too . 
   you agreed with me previously that my data was statistically valid . 
  see https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3jts5k/what_happened_in_your_country_this_week_06092015/cutjdt1[1] . 
  now , after discussion you ca n't say that you were wrong . 
  nowhere in that post have i agreed with your data . 
  you 're starting to appear honestly deluded . 
   by using an stupid comparison i tried to remark the stupidity of justifying the lack of support to muslim people because of the fear to terrorism attacks . 
  i 'm not saying we should n't help them , i 'm for many kinds of help , like financial , logistical , even military . 
  but it is not stupid to refuse to accept large amounts of immigrants to your country . 
  the difference in crime rates , rape rates between sweden and denmark justify that alone . 
  and remember , i 'm not discriminating based on any racial traits , i 'm discriminating based on militant beliefs that they voluntarily hold which are largely incompatible with our culture . 
  you are free to do as you like , but do n't force your opinions onto other people . 
  well , that 's redistribution , not distribution if we 're going by the dictionary . 
  [ opt-outs of the eu ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opt-outs_in_the_european_union#area_of_freedom.2c_security_and_justice_.e2.80.93_denmark.2c_ireland_and_the_united_kingdom )  ireland and the united kingdom have a flexible opt-out from legislation adopted in the area of freedom , security and justice , which includes all matters previously part of the pre-amsterdam justice and home affairs ( jha ) pillar . 
  since this is part of home affairs afaik it does n't involve them at all . 
  neither immigrant quotas , nor funds for immigrants . 
  that is strictly not true , and unless you have statistical evidence supporting it , it 's just a blatant false generalization . 
  the difference between what i 'm saying and what you 're saying is that i have hard data supporting me . 
  you do n't have squat . 
  also , if you want to argue , i 'm happy to oblige , but please do n't use responses of 9-year-olds . 
  edited for clarity . 
  i 'm sorry , i 'm really trying but i have no idea what you want to say . 
  saying `` most terrorists are islamists today '' is 100 % true , it 's supported by statistics , it 's * not * an unfounded generalization . 
  so not wanting to accept a huge wave of ferocious muslims into your country is a perfectly logical decision . 
  in the end , women are forced to wear hijabs , which i think is despicable . 
  no , notice that each time merkel talks about migrants she stresses that the whole eu needs to share the burden . 
  and no , this distribution is about refugees that have * illegally * crossed into hungary , greece and italy . 
  it 's a test case , if it goes well , the next redistribution will be of the migrants in germoney . 
  it 's not a generalization , that would be `` all muslims are terrorists '' . 
  saying `` most terrorists are islamist '' is a statistical observation . 
  why would we avoid any kind of help to circumcised people ???? 
  i 'm against eu helping american men . 
  not because you think they 're rapists , but because we 're in no way obligated to help them . 
  well , i do n't think it really stands , because you 're talking about `` redistribution '' , i.e. 
  balancing of the burden among the countries by who can pay the most , not really `` distributing '' it to countries that are n't helping so far . 
  i 'm not denying that most rapes are committed by men , why would i ? 
  it is true , the same way that most terrorists are islamists . 
  i do n't see your point . 
  considering circumcisions , no , most are done by americans since they are doing it in large numbers and there are much more americans then jews . 
  first off , this is not about this one-off deal . 
  this is about setting a precedent . 
  remember that the first deal was for 40,000 refugees ? 
  now it 's 160,000 . 
  by the end of the year , germany has already said they want to distribute the 800,000 that they have . 
  and what about next year ? 
  if migrants learn that europe is accepting everybody and learn of the high benefits , we might have 2-3 millions to redistribute next year , even more after that . 
  also , you are being na\u00efve if you think women are forced to wear a hijab only in their countries .
