   honestly that seems extremely costly ( and it is extremely costly for australia ) less costly than providing full welfare benefits to migrants inside eu . 
  by far . 
  i did n't , you proved to be of little intelligence . 
  do n't call me shirley . 
  well then read the rest of my comment . 
  the camps will be fenced and guarded . 
  you will be put in and you wo n't be able to escape . 
  the only way out will be deportation to your country of origin or your asylum being granted in the eu . 
  people that will come via turkey will be caught ( either on sea or on land ) and * put * into these camps . 
  just as [ australia is doing it ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pacific_solution ) . 
  well , if we closed the borders when we said we should , there would n't be 800,000 migrants in europe , but 200,000 . 
  nevertheless , we should close it now , because soon there 'll be 2 million . 
  after the borders are closed , we can talk about what to do with those that are currently here . 
  you put them in these eu-run extraterritorial camps . 
  turkey wo n't , plenty of other mena countries will . 
  you buy it from the mena countries , like you would buy land normally . 
  costs will be paid by the eu . 
  the entire eu will be happy to contribute , eastern europe especially , since it will mean no muslims forcibly resettled on their territories . 
  god , you 're kind of thick . 
  how about you read the [ encyclopedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eastern_europe ) yourself . 
  new extraterritorial eu-run camps in one or more of the numerous mena countries . 
  [ would you like to know more ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pacific_solution ), 
  poland , slovakia and czech republic are also often called eastern europe , because they too were part of the warsaw pact . 
  we 've been proposing a better permanent and workable solution all along . 
  close the borders , copy australia . 
  the temporary german `` solution '' of redistributing 120,000 migrants was backed by most of western europe . 
  the permanent unlimited quotas , however , were far too much even for western europe . 
  thus the only viable long-term solution is to close the borders . 
  geographically they 're central europe , but politically they can be called eastern europe . 
  croatia and slovenia are n't eastern european countries . 
  they 're either central europe or balkans . 
  no eastern european country is on the migration route since hungary fenced up . 
  it took them long enough . 
  but at least it 's happening already . 
  i do n't think so . 
  and even if they tear a section down , we 'll just double down , eu states will send police reinforcements and the section will be rebuilt . 
  that 's an understatement , from this day forth , no country on the migrant route will register a single migrant . 
  well , here in europe it 's more of a `` let 's not import the entire world to our small country , let 's keep it the way it is , because we like it '' . 
  no no , i pointed out his former title simply to indicate that someone who used to be a british foreign secretary probably is n't a complete idiot like many pundits today . 
  i would have thought the majority of people would agree on that . 
  and i 'm saying every politician today has some angle . 
  the australian solution works if you have an extraterritorial camps no matter where . 
  there are plenty of mena countries that 'll be amenable to providing us with a bit of land . 
  in today 's world , you can say that about literally everyone . 
  the former british foreign secretary basically shares and confirms the opinion of many of us anti-immigration people on this sub . 
  interesting times ahead . 
  i think our whole nation trapped itself by this . 
  but it does validate the fact that it has been true in almost every election since the start of portuguese democracy . 
  my point is that humans have selective memory , and thus almost * always * think the current idiots are always half-assing it somehow more than the last ones , despite it not being objectively true . 
  then you really should know by now that it 's almost * always * a `` half-assed left [ / right ] block that has come to emerge in [ country ] and is made up of complete retards '' . 
  i suspect these are one of your first elections . 
  aggressive beer pricing . 
  we 'll make you drunk despite your better judgement !, 
  that is the sole fault of the eu/merkel which is aggressively pushing something most countries * do not want * . 
  that could n't happen in my proposed confederation . 
   ukip might not , but the idea of free trade is not nearly as strong on the continent as it is in the uk that 's not true . 
   the so called external military threats succeeded because of the total incapacity of the sejm to govern the country . 
  i wonder how much putin would have to bribe someone like orban to use his veto ... 
  even if putin made the confederation not work , it would n't matter one bit , because the sovereign countries would work well by themselves . 
  i do n't think ukip and other eurosceptic parties have anything against free trade . 
  the confederation would certainly * not * include a mandatory free movement of people for work , read my second comment . 
   ah yes , just like the sejm of the glorious commonwealth of poland-lithuania . 
  good times . 
  comparing the incomparable . 
  polish commonwealth failed because of external military threats . 
  we have nato for protection , and nato does n't need unanimous voting . 
  someone 's [ huffing gas ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ib5p7f0krwu ) . 
  first quota was 40,000 , second was 120,000 , thus i believe the third one will be about 400,000 , if it 's not the permanent unlimited quota already . 
   can you elaborate on this ? 
  what are the main attributes/powers that are now missing and would be regained ? 
  the main issue today of course is migration . 
  and not just from outside of the eu , i believe intra-eu migration should also be regulated . 
  i sympathize with britain : they are the only major english speaking country , and thus are the target of the vast majority of people wanting to relocate to another eu state . 
  they should be allowed to regulated this influx to their liking . 
  if this was n't mandated in the eea treaties , i believe switzerland would join it as well , for example . 
   would this include people and finances or just goods ? 
  there is a difference between those . 
  a confederation would have all of them as far as i know and we 'd be back to square one . 
  so i assume that the name union or confederation is not really the issue and your answer to my first question would most likely reveal them . 
  it would mainly include goods and services . 
  including finances ( capital movements ) would be optional , i.e. 
  a country would be able to stop it temporarily . 
  and free movement of people ( for work ) would be completely voluntary , i.e. 
  country could put any restrictions on it they wished . 
  i chose the name confederation simply to indicate its opposition to eu federalization . 
  it would be sui generis just as the eu is . 
  for me , it 's the collapse of the eu , restoration of sovereignty of individual eu countries , and then slow economic cooperation on european level . 
  i want to see a european confederation based on unanimous voting . 
  it 'll mainly concentrate on a single market and free trade . 
  it can have other pillars , but they have to * always * be agreed upon by all members unanimously . 
  yes , unanimous voting can be a hassle , but it 'll basically end any euroscepticism , because the ec will contain only things that * all * countries voluntarily agree on . 
  and yes , that 's enough . 
  and for defence , there 's nato . 
  this will be downvoted by every spaniard in this thread as usual , but whether or not you 're a civilized country remains to be seen . 
  if you are indeed civilized as you claim , you will grant catalonia their independence ( referendum ) like britain , canada and czechoslovakia did before . 
  i bet the uncle would point out that that 's not a good thing for the german nation . 
  notice i did n't say that . 
  i 'm simply saying the idea of returning them to hungary is idiotic and without any basis in law . 
  i personally believe the migrants are solely germany 's responsibility for two reasons : 1 .
