  remember , we 'd be building them in parallel , not in sequence . 
  50 different crews would be building the camps at the same time . 
  there 's certainly enough tents , fences , toilets and such to make that happen in a year . 
   good luck with that . 
  thanks , but i do n't think luck will be needed , just a bit of work . 
   of thousands ? 
  there were never thousands of security guards at the nauru camp . 
  it was a couple dozen . 
  the program has been running for years now and there are not only security guards but other personnel as well . 
  over all i think several thousand people might have served there throughout that time . 
   return home ? 
  to syria ? 
  are you seeing people in turkish or lebanese refugee camps going home ? 
  most syrian people still live in syria even though some are internally displaced . 
  only a minority emigrated . 
  syrians are only 20 % of the refugee wave , the rest is not . 
  most of them would return home . 
  examples include iraquis facebooking from finland saying it 's shit there and they want to return home . 
   getting rid of these boat people was nothing more than a political stunt . 
  you have a very skewed way of looking at it . 
   and who provides the security ? 
  do you really think that mena countries like saudi arabia or bahrain are interested in having a refugee camp ? 
  they are rich as fuck and do n't care about the peanuts the eu can offer . 
  eu provides security . 
  saudi arabia and bahrain are not interested , because they are rich oil countries . 
  other countries will be interested for the money and diplomatic concessions it 'll bring them . 
  not really . 
  we 'd probably build a large number of smaller camps . 
  that scales better . 
  it would n't take years , it 'd take 6 to 12 months . 
  you need a fence , you need a large number of tents , toilets , bathrooms and a few kitchens . 
  that 's all . 
  australia already did it , so it 's extremely evident it is possible . 
  kowloon walled city was one of the most interesting places on the face of the earth !, 
  but this situation has practically nothing in common with it what so ever . 
   if that 's the case , why should the security company fire 11 people for over sexual abuse or use of excessive force ? 
  eh , 11 people out of thousands will always be outliers . 
  there are evil people in every population . 
  i agree there should be a bit better oversight to get that number down even more , though . 
  655.000 for 2015 . 
  at the end of 2014 germany had 455.000 refugees and asylum seekers [ 2 ] . 
  france over 300.000 [ 3 ] . 
  the uk over 150.000 [ 4 ] . 
  italy close to 150.000 . 
  sweden about 225.000 add all these numbers ( and do n't forget other countries like austria , belgium and the netherlands which have between 50.000 and 100.000 at the end of 2014 ) and you will be over 2 million by now . 
  i was talking this year , 2015 . 
  655,000 is half the expected number . 
  because you 're forgetting that these camps do n't serve to host all these people , they serve as a deterrent . 
  only a very small number of people will decide to stay in these camps , the rest will return home , because they wanted resettlement in rich countries , but were n't actually seeking asylum . 
  look the numbers for australia . 
  the number of boat people went down by an order of magnitude at least . 
   and egypt ( over 300.000 ) , algeria ( over 100.000 ) . 
  no to speak of that some mena countries like morocco , tunisia or libya are further away from syria and iraq than most eu countries . 
  again , eu run camps will have no interaction with the host countries other than the money given to them for the use of land . 
  and there are plenty of mena countries with available land . 
  as i said , they would be in eu run camps so the only contact with the host country would be the money they get for the use of the land . 
  slums are not very good , but they are certainly better than living in a warzone , so the refugees should be grateful or return back . 
   as i said , people are crying that a 1-2 % of refugees in eu would wreck havoc on our economy and crime rates ... only because we are * resettling * these people , which goes far above and beyond providing asylum . 
  as i said , money for 1 migrant in norway equals money enough for ** 26 in jordan ** . 
  that is why it 's wrecking havoc on our economies . 
  we can easily provide for these people , but only in extraterritorial eu camps . 
   australian inquiry says nauru prison unsafe [ 1 ] . 
  even the australian government says that their own camps are unsafe for children . 
  and there is this report [ 2 ] . 
  australians provide them with all they have rights to . 
  the camps being unsafe is the doing of the migrants themselves . 
   35.582 refugees and 21.518 asylum seeker , overall 57.100 people . 
  57.100 migrants heading for australia , country of 23 millions . 
  eu has 508 millions people , so the equivalent would be 1,250,000 migrants into the eu . 
  so per capita we have even less migrants than australia . 
  and running camps for millions is not different from running camps for tens of thousands . 
  you just make appropriately more camps . 
  that is all . 
  we do have appropriately more resources for them . 
   turkey - over 2 million , jordan - over 600.000 , lebanon - over 1 million , iran - over 1 million , afghanistan - over 300.000 , pakistan - over 1.5 million . 
  the only countries in this region which are hosting under 100.000 refugees are on the arabian peninsula ( uae , bahrain , saudi arabia and so on ) and israel . 
  afghanistan and pakistan are * not * mena countries . 
  i said roughly 3 , you are right , it 's probably 4 . 
   how will they find jobs ? 
  the right to asylum does not include the right to work , you 're thinking of resettlement , which is completely voluntary , the refugees do n't have a right to it , and it 's always done only on a very small scale . 
  healthcare professionals should be recruited using the eu money . 
  and the refugees wo n't be homeless , they can live in the camps until the situation in syria gets better . 
  among the three countries they certainly * can * take all the syrian refugees . 
  and we should help monetarily . 
  maybe even create a eu run camps in some of these countries to ease the administration as well . 
  as far as i understand , the argument is it 's impossible for a country to be `` full of refugees '' . 
  lack of funding is a concern though , i advocate spending no money on accepting migrants in europe and rather spending all that money on camps in these countries . 
  norwegian foreign ministry , for example , calculated that money necessary to take care of 1 migrant in norway are enough to take care of ** 26 migrants in jordan . 
  ** [ source . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3nbk5f/scandinavians_split_over_syrian_influx/ ), 
  i 'm doing no such thing . 
  on the contrary , you 're proving your dangerous lack of understanding of history . 
  they are completely free from the dangers of death in turkey , jorday and other countries . 
  you may believe however you wish , but history teaches us otherwise . 
  an individual might resist , but nations have no such scruples . 
  those who do n't know history are doomed to repeat it . 
  the image of peaceful harmless europeans you have in your mind is completely a construct of circumstance . 
  do you think there 's some genetic difference between today 's germans and nazis that slaughtered millions of people only some 70 years ago ? 
  there 's none . 
  people behave according to their circumstances .
