  i just feel like unified italy has n't ever really * worked * . 
  and the situation today is really dire . 
  well , that all bodes well for a hypothetical north secession . 
  political problems get more manageable in a smaller state , accountability rises a bit . 
  this is not april 's fools , the only problem is i might be clueless . 
  so do you really think north of italy would n't last on its own ? 
  i do n't see a reason why not , honestly . 
  beautiful beaches are for tourism , which is nice , but does n't really bring in that much money . 
  and agriculture today is not very productive sector of the economy . 
  north has industry , and a lot of it , it 's part of the * [ blue banana ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blue_banana ) * . 
  italian politics i do n't know that much about , but generally i think smaller countries have better functioning democracies . 
  i feel like that must be sarcasm but i 'm not really sure . 
  north of italy is a very rich and functional economy on the likes of austria . 
  how about vatican ? 
  any plans for the north of italy to secede from the south ? 
  no it does n't . 
  out of all the eu countries protected by us how many went into iraq ? 
  and how many stayed there till the end ? 
  they are getting a lot for it . 
  the role of the hegemon completely rests on having absolutely unchallengeable military by anyone else . 
  and the role has many perks for it . 
  but this is n't one of them . 
  there 's no arguing that europe and plenty of places rely on usa for security , because they 're offering it free of charge . 
  if the usa stepped out , europe would rely on itself again . 
  usa does use their military as a bargaining chip , but not with its allies , so it does n't increase the us influence on us . 
  temporary reliance yes , but not influence . 
  i was very interested in the referendum and rooting for you guys , so i 'm asking just because i 'm seeing you 're scottish . 
  they 're moving back from a military exercise , not at all to reassure locals . 
  and i did n't say we 're not reliant on us for security , we absolutely are . 
  but the us knows not to use it as a bargaining chip in negotiations , and they do n't as far as i can tell . 
  if it 's not too personal , can i ask how you voted in the scottish referendum ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i 've never heard the americans ever threatened to pull their troops out , have you ? 
  i doubt they ever did so . 
  the eu is under us influence because of diplomatic and economic pressure . 
  kinda like * dollar diplomacy * . 
  should n't it be e-stonian passports ? 
  countries always spend as much on defense as they need . 
  us spends so much because by having the largest army in the world , they 're basically unchallengeable and that helps them further their own interests . 
  that 's something eu countries can not change . 
  and given the situation eu countries find themselves in , they spend exactly as much on defense as they need . 
  which is basically nothing , because us chooses for their own reasons to protect eu countries . 
  what ? 
  us help * was * well received during the soviet war in afghanistan . 
  us supplied lots of weapons to the afghanis . 
  eeeh . 
  it 's not really the question of * need * . 
  the us plays the role of the hegemon and spends trillions on defense no matter what we do . 
  and given that , we do n't really need to spend much on defense , so we spend it in more productive ways . 
  if the us moved out of the eu , we 'd start spending on defense that very moment . 
  except for the whole * help-us-fight-the-soviets * part during the soviet war in afghanistan . 
  it 's actually widely used pun over here . 
  [ czechpoints ] ( http://www.czechpoint.cz/web/ ) are a range of government offices throughout the country where you can obtain select government services , 
  absolutely , kudos to greeks . 
  ot : as a czech , your tag makes me a bit worried ... , 
  i like it , pirate party captain at the national level , and at the eu we 'll have an admiral !, 
  fun fact , there are two distinct entities : denmark and the kingdom of denmark . 
  the kingdom of denmark contains these countries : denmark , greenland and faroe islands . 
  but only denmark is in the eu , not the kingdom of denmark . 
  therefore greenland ca n't be considered eu . 
  * the more you know !, 
  * edit : now i see you 're danish yourself , so if i 'm mistaken please correct me !, 
  and i 've read that cantonese is actually one of if not the closest chinese dialect ( language ) to middle chinese . 
  so it 's likely they did pronounce it similar to * ch\u00e1 * . 
  only colloquially though , most accurate translation of `` jo '' would be * yeah * . 
  * yes * is `` ano '' in czech . 
  iceland gets ice , not snow . 
  you ca n't have it all !, 
  i 've actually been to the us twice . 
  total time about month and a half . 
  i 've been to the nyc , some new jersey cities , chicago , cleveland , st. louis , washington , philly , some rural parts of north carolina , memphis and new orleans . 
  apart from all this , i read american newspapers ( even paper ones , i have a subscription of time ) and watch american news . 
  i 'd say i 'm very well researched and educated on this topic . 
  and believe you me , i know what i 'm talking about . 
  take the safety . 
  it 's extremely dangerous in the states , everywhere . 
  relative to europe mind you . 
  but when you come to a city like new orleans , you just ca n't believe the shit . 
  it 's like a warzone . 
  though i have to say i loved the city , it 's marvellous , and the jazz , oh god !, 
  now let 's take education . 
  i do n't take it away from you that you have some of the best universities in the world . 
  but that 's about it . 
  your elementary school system is failing , look at statistics of proficiency of elementary and hs us students on the international scale . 
  they fail hard . 
  and then take universities . 
  thay 're ridiculously expensive , no such thing here in europe . 
  you have a huge higher education bubble and it 's hurting every student in the us , it 's ridiculous . 
  now let 's take infrastructure . 
  well , you have very little . 
  your highways are n't bad , really , but compare nowhere close to germany , netherlands etc. 
  but that 's not what 's the problem . 
  public transportation is . 
  beyond nyc and chicago , there is none . 
  and it 's hurting people badly . 
  heathcare ? 
  wow , you do n't really mean that , do you ? 
  when 50 million people out of 300 are uninsured , and the costs are skyrocketing way past inflation , how can you even say that ? 
  compare it to almost any european health care , and you will lose hard . 
  yes , you might have better machines and more top notch technology , but only very few people benefit from it .
