  technically , slovakia has no obligation to * accept * anyone . 
  but in fact they voluntarily agreed to accept some christians . 
  the problem is , while most christians are thankfully hypocrites that do n't practice what 's in their book ( stoning etc. 
  ) , however , a dangerously large quantity of muslims have not reached that point yet . 
  eu funds are vastly overestimated by the west . 
  in here they 're not very significant in amount and in the vast majority squandered on bad or outright fraudulent projects . 
  there is . 
  data tells us that vast majority of migrants are applying either in the first eu country ( greece , italy ) , or in the rich countries they want to stay in ( germany , sweden ) . 
  ~ ~ literally nobody ( exactly 0 people ) ~ ~ practically nobody applied in romania so far , for example . 
  and no economic migrant wants to stay in slovakia either , so they do n't apply there . 
  hey , technically killing all kaffirs ( infidels ) * would * result in a much more peaceful world . 
  ca n't argue with that logic !, 
  we 're talking about slovakia which * is * a member state . 
  and to get to slovakia vast majority of these refugees have to enter through another eu member state . 
  yes , usually , there are some exceptions which do * not * apply in this case and thus are irrelevant . 
  just my two cents here , but i think eastern european countries would gladly not receive eu funds if it meant they did n't have to participate in this crisis without end . 
  what `` law '' ? 
  this is a voluntary executive decision to take more people than they are obligated to ( 0 ) , there 's no law what so ever . 
  1st within the eu the [ dublin regulation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dublin_regulation ) states that refugees have to be handled by the first eu country they enter . 
  and 2nd , internationally : there 's a longstanding principle in international law that refugees are to be handled by the `` first safe country '' they enter . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/libertycentral/2010/sep/21/claim-asylum-uk-legal-position ) :  there has [ . . ] been a longstanding `` first country of asylum '' principle in international law by which countries are expected to take refugees fleeing from persecution in a neighbouring state . 
  this principle has developed so that , in practice , an asylum seeker who had the opportunity to claim asylum in another country is liable to be returned there in order for his or her claim to be determined . 
  you know how it is with anecdotal evidence , you ca n't really trust it . 
  what we can ( mostly ) trust are statistics . 
  look at the city of malm\u00f6 and sweden overall . 
  for one , their criminality went through the roof . 
  malm\u00f6 had what , a 7th grenade attack in a row ? 
  my thinking is that even if 95 immigrants wo n't cause trouble , those 5 very well might . 
  and thus the country will be worse off because of that . 
  thus i think the fear is justified when integrating such vastly different people . 
  wow , you 're so obnoxious i 'm seriously reconsidering my policy on insults . 
  bravo !, 
  i 'm out . 
  and you honestly thing you are not ? 
  and you 're kind of repeating yourself over and over and over , 
  of course , how could you be possibly wrong !, 
  and the funny thing is , you 're such a sore loser you keep downvoting me in each comment !, 
  you must be a beautiful human being through and through , 
  that 's in the eye of the beholder ;-), 
  your decision to stop commenting was a correct one !, 
  way to know yourself , 
  and you downvoted me too , you 're a great sport  insults are never warranted . 
  you twat . 
  see ? 
  not warranted . 
  see , this is a great example of a comment that 's worthy of a downvote . 
  starting to insult the other side when argument is n't going your way might be why you 're getting downvoted and closed . 
  ok , thanks for your opinion . 
  i 'm , however , not entirely persuaded . 
  the immigration issue is most pronounced in large cities , capitals especially , where you can see the problems much more concentrated . 
  another aspect is that the first generation of immigrants is generally much better than their kids , the second generation . 
  that generation has n't actually seen the islamic country of origin , but does get taught all the borderline extremist islamic ideas , which gives rise to french 2nd generation immigrants tweeting in support of isis and sharia law in france and such . 
  overall , i 'm an atheist and thus i have a big axe to grind with muslims , which as a religion i consider very militant and full of hate . 
  but do n't get me wrong , i do n't like christianity as well , but at least most christians do n't actually practice what 's written in their book ( stoning , etc. 
  if all it takes is 5 people that downvote you to stop arguing than that 's sad . 
  have more confidence in yourself . 
  the vast majority of people do n't downvote , just read . 
  be there for them . 
  many people open the closed posts anyway . 
  the nutjobs have n't won , and i will not let them . 
  * all that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing . 
  lol , it 's funny someone , possibly you , downvoted me for that comment  anyhow , i think many posts are visible beyond -4 , the argument changed i believe . 
  and people * do * want discussion , we have to try harder . 
  by fleeing you 're only making it worse . 
  we really need to discuss this enormously important topic . 
  why do you care about downvotes ? 
  it 's important to discuss the issue , fuck the haters . 
   first of all , a custom is not a law . 
  it 's not written down anywhere , and even if it were , it 's again missing the point : legalistic arguments are not real arguments for a political discussion . 
  great , i 'm just refuting yours ( or someone else 's ) argument that it 's our legal duty to grant asylum to these refugees . 
  which clearly is not the case . 
   second , people are fleeing to their neighbouring countries , which is why turkey and lebanon already host 3 million syrians . 
  it 's too much for them , which is why we should chip in . 
  observing over the years the failed immigration policies of the west considering muslims , i believe this is not a good mix and the cultures clash instead of assimilate . 
  thus i propose there are a large amount of muslim countries that can host these islamic refugees . 
   third , the eu is not overwhelmed , at all . 
  ... well , i meant it in a way that countries that are welcoming migrants are overwhelmed , and countries that are n't have populations that are incredibly strongly opposed to the idea . 
  so in the end , there 's not much spare capacity to accept migrants almost anywhere in the eu . 
  and even if we were n't overwhelmed right now , the illegal immigration is accelerating very rapidly with no incentive to slow down . 
  so while a million might come this year to germany , 2 millions might come next year , 4 million after that , and so on . 
   however , the real problem is that you continue to insist on focussing on poverty when we are primarily concerned with people fleeing warzones . 
  well , the problem is , the vast majority of immigrants are able bodied males between 20-30 years of age . 
  that means they left their families , wives , children , parents at home . 
  couple that with the fact that they did not in fact stop in the first safe country as they are supposed to under international law , but instead crossed half a dozen safe countries to get to rich germany . 
  i believe that is economic migration . 
   you can twist this all around as much as you want , it does n't change a thing . 
  again , please calm yourself down . 
  these attacks are getting nasty . 
  edit : to answer your question why so many people are focusing on economic migrants and not solely on refugees , it 's because all immigrants have to be housed in europe for up to several years until their refugee status is validated , and because it is often highly problematic to deport them back , so they often stay regardless of the validity of their refugee claim . 
  i have had plenty of actual discussions on reddit , why would it be impossible ? 
  first off , i believe most people on this sub are against immigration without being hateful , i hope to include myself into that group . 
  but i do n't think this sub somehow attracts lunatics or something . 
  i think opinions expressed on this sub are genuine opinions of many europeans . 
  i have no illusions about the general populace being overly enlightened . 
  that 's a 12 years old article about the original referendum to enter the eu . 
  of course i was n't referring to that . 
  yeah , i 'm really sad i ca n't find the original study , it was really good . 
  this one is just a summary of something . 
  anyway , do you really believe muslims integrate well into western european societies ? 
  from what we see , the integration has largely failed , and we do n't want to repeat the same mistake .
