  there 's no war for crimea happening at the moment . 
  if ukraine wanted to retake crimea , they would have to start a * military campaign * that would * attack * russian positions in crimea to retake it . 
  please consult a dictionary since you wo n't believe me anyway . 
  edit : if you 're retaking territory previously lost like crimea , you can call that military campaign a * counter-offensive * . 
  but it is * still * an offensive . 
  edit2 : i just noticed you used the wording `` defending your own occupied land '' . 
  which is kinda funny , because that 's an oxymoron . 
  you ca n't defend a land that is not in your possession . 
  well there are roughly 3 % of muslims living in spain today which mostly immigrated quite recently in the past two decades , so about that significance . 
  first off , you are right , i 'm comparing mostly arabic ( and a little bit turkic ) muslim population against the chechens , since those are the ones europeans are familiar with . 
  indonesia and other countries are quite far away . 
  and my basis for the * in * comparison is that chechen nation had one of the most unique histories in the world and the population is very incomparable to any other what so ever . 
  yes , that 's what the war means . 
  if you declare war to ( re ) take land , it 's an offensive war . 
  then why did you write this if it has no relevance to the argument ? 
  the argument is the current population of the iberia has not been affected by muslims to any significant degree . 
  no , declaring war to retake land is not defence but a counter-offensive . 
  and i 'm seriously doubting how you think the byzantine empire , aka eastern roman empire , gained its land . 
  and nobody was talking about `` home countries '' . 
  i used the wording `` retaking land '' . 
  what ? 
  have you yourself lived through any of this ? 
  pirate attacks ? 
  really ? 
  i would n't want to jump into that pickle , no . 
  i 'm implying that general muslim population and the chechens are vastly different . 
  colony is a land too . 
  again , it 's not about the battle . 
  the embarrassment was the entire war . 
  the battle i pointed out is just the nail in the coffin . 
  i do n't think current people living in iberia can say they were affected by muslims . 
  the reconquista ended a long time ago . 
  well , this was just the nail in the coffin of the whole war , which is the main embarrassment . 
  might not have been , but a lot of muslim blood was spilled by europeans over the 8 centuries it took . 
  that 's a long tradition . 
  then at best you could label it as a counteroffensive . 
  really ? 
  i was taught that the first crusade was to recapture the holy lands . 
  recapture is n't defensive , especially after prolonged period of time . 
  finally , i 've been there and it 's ridiculous . 
  well , to me it seems he 's just being realistic . 
  and i like and sympathize with greece . 
  the sad fact is that only when people have anonymity they feel free to express their true opinions . 
  i honestly think the opinions on this sub are mostly representative of real european people . 
  bernie and black lives matter have no qualms , it was just some idiotic small local group called outside agitators 206 that was previously associated with black lives matter that acted like cunts , that 's all . 
  well , retaking land that has not been yours for several hundreds of years is n't really `` defense '' . 
  that 's like if france suddenly started to defend itself from vietnam by invading it . 
  and it 's only been half a century . 
  most of them , yes , but not the crusades . 
  yeah , i mean , objectively speaking , killing muslims is a long standing european tradition . 
  both during the reconquista , during the wars against the ottomans and in all the crusades . 
  i would propose the [ battle of adwa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_adwa ) , which secured italian position as the only european colonial nation ever to be defeated by an african country and thus making ethiopia the only african country that has resisted colonization . 
  we have something similar , the [ munich agreement ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/munich_agreement ) . 
  uk , france , germany and italy agreed to hand over vast czech territories to germany without asking us . 
  all the while uk and france have been our allies !, 
  then germany came and said if we do n't surrender , they will wipe us out , so we surrendered . 
  and irreligion is an umbrella term that contains implicit atheism . 
  no , given current evidence and the probabilities that each single god of the earthly religions exists , i * refuse * to believe in any god . 
  atheism is the absence of religious belief . 
  yes , things can be proven * beyond reasonable doubt * . 
  no , it simply denies the existence of things that can not be proven beyond reasonable doubt . 
  such as `` god '' in any way shape or form , or spiritualism , or healing prayer . 
  things that can be proven -- the existence of earth , gravity , the sun -- are all fine . 
  this argument was about if the definition of religion requires * belief * , which it does and there 's a consensus on that . 
  you tried to push it in the way of deities which has little relevance . 
  ok i give up , if you want to * believe * that atheism is a religion despite all the arguments in the world and the complete world consensus that it is not , so be it . 
  no , the issue whether taoism for example believes in deities is completely separate from whether atheism is a religion . 
  atheism is n't even a philosophy . 
  atheism is a reasoned argument . 
  oh sorry , i thought that was a serious misspelling  i do n't think comparing chechens with general muslims is fair though . 
  if you honestly do not know , and are n't just trolling , then watch [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ncqqi4hlkeu ) for an example of just two random people whose well being has been seriously affected . 
  there are millions of people that were affected like this or otherwise . 
  yet that comparison never takes long literally no matter the topic . 
  '' ** schengen ** refugees '' are fellow europeans with very similar values , mostly the same religion that know similar or the same languages that are mostly well educated and peaceful . 
  you ca n't compare it to the current wave of economic migrants . 
  it might not apply to lithuania , but i 'm pretty sure it applies to the czech republic , slovakia , poland and hungary for example . 
  oh , then i 'm sorry , one of your compatriots in this thread was claiming that 0 applied in romania so far , i took him at his word . 
  anyway , the point stands , the vast majority ( hundreds of thousands ) are applying in the first eu country or in rich countries . 
  and as far as i can tell , nobody applied in slovakia yet . 
  again , please read my words : atheism contains no belief . 
  atheism is a reasoned thought based on evidence , statistical probabilities and logic . 
  and i believe all those religions do contain some forms of deities , such as bodhisattvas in buddhism . 
  that i can agree with . 
  honestly , the move is kinda `` dickish '' , but i do n't blame them for it one bit . 
  their domestic situation is such that i 'm honestly surprised that they are willing to accept even 200 christians . 
  but it is important that we established that the move is entirely legal . 
  i absolutely agree with you . 
  and on top of that i 'm saying not accepting muslims is a very christian thing to do . 
  slovakia is n't discriminating against anyone 's rights . 
  slovakia has no obligation to the 40k people claiming asylum in other countries of the eu , because none of them are claiming asylum in slovakia ( refugee convention ) and because slovakia was n't the first country of entry ( dublin regulation ) . 
  they have voluntarily agreed to take some 200 christians , which they had no obligation to do . 
  i do n't see that as discrimination . 
  at least be correct in your criticism . 
  it 's pretty clear what people of / r/europe and people from actual europe object to are muslim immigrants . 
  the colour of the skin has nothing to do with it . 
  if you honestly do n't know why you 're being downvoted so much , i have a strong feeling it 's because you have pulled your tactic of `` downvote every response to my comments no matter what it is '' on a lot of people by now , and did n't stop even when it was pointed out . 
  now people see you as a spineless bigot that deserves the same treatment back . 
  polls say it 's not unique to this thread , but rather common in europeans and well , most non-muslims in general . 
  and to be perfectly honest , there are good reasons for it too . 
  well , since christianity has , among other things , organized four crusades aimed at killing muslims and taking their territory , i do n't think so .
