  i never claimed it was legally binding . 
  it is primarily a moral right . 
  it is legally recognized by the un , but un laws are n't really binding . 
  the rights i cited were from franklin d. roosevelt . 
   how are statistics educated guesses ? 
  statistics are only as good as the data . 
  you can make statistics out of the referendum results and you will know the truth . 
  if you make statistics out of 1000 phone calls , you 'll get an educated guess . 
   why do they want that though ? 
  i sadly ca n't talk to them . 
  if you want my opinion as an outsider , i think the spanish state has failed , your governments are weak ( lol at your pm ) , the economy has been bad since the 16th century and the national cohesion has clearly failed -- hence catalan independence . 
   i think it 'd be much more useful if you provided me with examples of how the uk oppressed nigeria . 
  that 's for nigerians to say , not for me . 
  barcelona is not a recognized nation , whereas catalans are . 
  and anarchy is only in the uk . 
  yes , i believe the numbers in that document are countries of origin as self-reported by the migrants or taken from their ( often fraudulent ) documents . 
  therefore 1/3 of the self-reported syrians are fake . 
  why do i think so ? 
  because the statistics are about pending applications , which means they were n't yet able to fully process the application , which would encompass verifying the country of origin . 
   it is actually well known do n't belittle yourself by suggesting that opinion polls are anything but educated guesses . 
  referendum is the only way to * know * . 
   self-determination is not an argument for independence though . 
  that is the right to do what you want with yourselves . 
  what is the reason that you would want to gain that over spain ? 
  you fail to understand the right of self-determination . 
   i was just addressing your statement comparing the uk and nigeria . 
  quite frankly though , barcelona is a pretty nice city and i would n't want it to turn into something reminiscent of athens . 
  oops !, 
  sorry for that slip , for letting my logic and compassion show . 
  that is * precisely * the kind of argument uk used against nigerian independence . 
   the majority of catalans do n't want independence in the first place . 
  the electorate never really accurately portrays the will of a people so this is even worse in this situation . 
  that is unknown , and it is unknown because you will not grant a referendum . 
   you need an argument for independence first . 
  that is not true . 
  [ self-determination ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/self-determination ) is a right not dependent on your conditions . 
   catalonia is the most indebted region in spain . 
  gee , leaving spain , and to a greater extent , the eu , would certainly better than situation !, 
  oh , also , do n't forget the fact that they 'd have to come up with a new currency . 
  they sure are n't going to help themselves . 
  that is their free decision . 
  well , are you denying them an official referendum about their fate as a nation , which they as a nation demand ? 
  that 's all you need to be an oppressor . 
  and consider that oppression is in the eye of the dependent nation . 
  the uk did n't think it was oppressing people , they thought they were helping them . 
  like i said , it never leads anywhere . 
   it seems to me you 're saying a nation does n't have a moral right for self-determination if the oppressors are treating them nice ? 
  so as long as the uk was treating nigerians nicely , they had no right to declare their own state ? 
  ethnic groups and nations have the moral right to govern themselves . 
  there 's no problem advertising without vat but actually displaying the full effective price in the stores . 
  these are just excuses given because americans think their way of doing things is the best and the rest of the world are suckers . 
  see also : imperial units . 
  i was referring to the 96,6 % , since romania is the only country mentioned that experienced communism . 
  i 'm sorry , i still do n't seem to have learned the lesson that a discussion with a spaniard about catalan independence never leads anywhere . 
   the facts are they feel themselves oppressed and they really want out . 
  the reasons are unimportant . 
  it would n't be a problem of including it in the price . 
  it 's just a us custom . 
  if argentina is willing to give him up . 
  that 's still a far cry from becoming a fossil fuel-free nation . 
  it will be a good many decade before they 'll be able to start thinking about banning gasoline . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's just a pretty good guarantee of citizenship in a few years . 
  i hope you 're not one of those people that still think the migrants will go back . 
  not really , the seller will pay vat . 
  this is not the us , vat is included in the sell price . 
  and there was a time where i thought the un * was n't * a complete joke !, 
  i do n't see costa ricans driving electric cars en masse anytime soon . 
  i can think of one thing they 're doing wrong . 
  i do n't remember a referendum episode in dawson 's creek . 
  sometimes i think germany really wants to create a new hitler . 
  the actions of your country are becoming overtly idiotic . 
  i believe that 96.6 % number is a vestige of communism . 
  it will go down over time . 
  but the legality of un `` law '' vs. spanish law is at best disputed . 
  there never was and likely never will be any official or recognized referendum . 
   you are conflating two numbers together . 
  the official number is 1 out of 5 are actually syrian . 
  can you source that ? 
  because i do n't believe it to be so . 
  yes , i believe all ethnic groups or nations have the moral right of self-governance . 
  that 's why i 'll be rooting for them whoever they might be , the kurds , the scots , the catalans , and all the rest too . 
  note that my country of czechoslovakia came to be because of such belief , and then it split decades later into czechia and slovakia again because of that belief . 
  belief that people have the right to govern themselves . 
  oh , i did n't mean legal right , sorry . 
  i meant moral right . 
  and 1/3 of these `` syrians '' are only pretending to be syrians . 
  israel sprung into existence a long time ago as well , but the grudges are still pretty real . 
  thanks folks , i 'm here all week !, 
  did n't hungary say that they will accept only those refugees that asked for asylum in the safe country of serbia and were refused ? 
  because that is quite a logical thing to do . 
  look , you can be tired of it all you want , but the fact is , the spanish state is n't very appealing to many , including the catalans . 
  they want out , and they have moral right to get out . 
  edit : specified `` moral '' right . 
  well , hard time oppression under franco that gave fuel to the whole problem , and now it 's still many lingering things . 
  like that you wo n't even let catalan meps talk in their native language at the eu . 
  if you need to belittle these people like that , they will rebel , it 's in our nature . 
  great , you wo n't have to hear it again after this sunday if all goes well . 
  that you know of . 
  spaniards brought this upon themselves .
