  lastly , i am a big fan of christopher hitchens , i consider him one of the best journalists and intellectuals of the last quarter century , and my stance on islam has been largely influenced by him . 
  such as this [ christopher hitchens and tariq ramadan debate : is islam a religion of peace ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mmraxhd9z9q ) i believe islam is uniquely dangerous religion in today 's world , because i believe it 's very much not peaceful and its proponents close to europe have insurmountable ferociousness about it in vast numbers . 
  i hope we can agree that i mean a part of people , can we not ? 
  i * am * talking in my name . 
  it is hard for me -- a third party in their discussion -- to even consider siding with him , if he conducts his part of the discussion in such a way . 
  why would i be talking for you , a person i had no idea exited before now ? 
  thanks !, 
  let 's post those in debates about this issue , and hopefully many people will decide to watch and might change their mind !, 
  i absolutely agree that saying muslims are cave men is not at all productive . 
  i just have this itch for definitions and truth , so i merely pointed out the designation was technically correct . 
  i would in no way use it though . 
  i believe the reason the percentage is that uniquely high among all religions is inherent to islam itself , inherent to its religious texts and its beliefs . 
  that it indeed is not at all a religion of peace . 
  more on that from mr. hitchens and others . 
  could you provide specific link ( s ) to some good material from him ? 
  people will be much more inclined to click than to go searching for it . 
  ok , so you refuse to act like a human being . 
  if you did n't insist on insulting me three times in each paragraph , i might have actually read the entirety of your post , and contrary to what you think i am open to arguments and i am willing to change my mind . 
  but no , you think it 's more important to humiliate the people you disagree with , so i do n't care what you have to say . 
  well , it was a bit off topic . 
  it 's about the fact that the `` radicals '' are 15-25 % , 180-300 million people . 
  when people are talking about radicals , they usually compare them to christian radicals , which are what ? 
  but really , it was n't that pertinent to the discussion at hand , i 'm sorry . 
  wow , that 's petty !, 
  so you are saying that everything i say must be considered a lie , no matter what it is ? 
  can you explain what * specifically * led you to this persuasion ? 
  and do you think this sort of behaviour is conductive to a civilized discussion ? 
  edit : and do you think then when someone will come and read this discussion , they will feel inclined to side with you after seeing your behaviour here ? 
  i thought persuading people to side with oneself on the issue was the goal here , to achieve some sort of informed consensus . 
  i went to scotland during the heatwave and returned exactly the day it jumped below 20 \u00b0 in the czech rep. 
  i felt like a won a prize . 
  i have n't said anything that requires belief . 
  you are either of poor intellect or simply refusing to accept arguments that go against your beliefs . 
  as i stated , the word `` caveman '' is defined by [ oxford dictionaries ] ( https://www.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/english/caveman ) as `` an uncivilized or ** violent man ** '' . 
  and the violence of muslims has been very well demonstrated by the statistics provided by the original poster , which you did n't dispute at all . 
  there are other things you can do when you are out of arguments , but if reporting is what you feel necessary , feel free to act like a child . 
  please do , i am by no means a man of intellectual prowess rivaling that of christopher hitchens , so it 'll be much better if you watch him instead of me trying to parrot his arguments from memory . 
  in the short term i also recommend this 4 minute video of [ brigitte gabriel ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ry3nzkaoo3s ) . 
  lol , as in you reported my comment to the mods ? 
  wow , that 's childish . 
  sometimes it seems the people from your side are actively trying to sink their agenda by their behaviour in these discussions . 
  if you thing the data are incorrect and want to contribute to the discussion , provide some source corroborating you , or provide alternative source for the data . 
  these comments only make your side look like morons , making it hard for people to side with you . 
  first , it 's 1.62 billion . 
  secondly , are you a native english speaker ? 
  because that 's exactly what the sentence `` muslims are the primary terrorists '' means . 
  it might be a language issue , i do n't know . 
  nobody is `` talking his way out of it '' , i stand by things i say . 
  he did n't say `` all muslims are terrorists '' , he said `` muslims are the primary terrorists '' . 
  that means that if there is a terror attack in the world , your best bet is that it was a muslim man . 
  which is absolutely true in today 's world . 
  look , if you think the data he presented are factually incorrect , and you want to contribute to the discussion , you have to show some source why they are incorrect and what the truth is . 
  by saying `` you have no idea what it means to relynon data rather than feelings '' you are just making your side of the argument look like morons , and thus it 's hard for people to side with you . 
  just my two cents . 
   and people still think the megathread were a bad idea . 
  you said megathreads were a good idea , and since megathreads were aimed at stifling this debate and pushing it into a corner where it is unseen , yes , you were talking about that . 
   also he called muslims the `` primary trouble makers , the primary terrorists , the primary cave-men thinking morons that plague this fucking planet '' . 
  i want to see you justify that . 
  primary terrorists ? 
  i do n't think you really disagree with that lest you 're deaf and blind . 
  primary trouble makers ? 
  i consider terrorists to be the upmost troublemakers , so again , fits . 
  and the `` cavemen '' designation was discussed already and is technically correct . 
  i am by no means saying he expressed himself nicely , politely or politically correctly . 
  by all means , no . 
  but technically , all that is justified . 
  why is islamophobia disgraceful ? 
  confronted with the facts of the matter , i believe it is a rational response . 
  and since it 's a fear of people * voluntarily * holding a violent belief , it can not be categorized as bad , as for instance racism . 
  well , `` caveman '' is an often used term for `` an uncivilized or violent man '' ( oxford dictionaries ) , which is applicable when he demonstrates the violence with valid statistics inside of the same comment . 
  and what strawman ? 
  he is n't refuting any argument . 
  how is that relevant ? 
  it is still incompatible with western societies !, 
  you ca n't have an islamist police in britain that will cut off people 's arms for stealing if the thief is muslim !, 
  combine that with the fact that full 1/3rd of muslims believe in death for leaving islam . 
  that means that if person decides to renounce their faith ( say because they do n't want to live under sharia law ) , someone will go and kill them !, 
  how is any of this acceptable in western societies and compatible with western values ?!?!, 
  and how about you stop insulting people and behave like a human being ? 
  i ca n't judge you or other people , but for me it 's absolutely not blurry . 
  when i meet a muslim , i do n't have anything against him personally . 
  i just fear what the ferocious religious masses might do in my country , so i will try to avoid that happening by voting . 
  the way i perceive it , islamophobia is not about * hate * , but about * fear * . 
  it 's in the very name , `` phobia '' . 
  i do n't hate muslims , i fear their uneducated religious ferocity . 
  and i by no means want my secular and peaceful country to import these people with almost entirely incompatible views . 
  honestly , i 've been meeting / u/ganymede07011610 for a while now on this sub , and i generally agree with him . 
  he does get a bit too ferocious about the issue once in a while , but i do n't think it 's that bad . 
  honestly , islamophobia is a rational response and ca n't be compared to something like racism , which many people are trying . 
  basically , argument of anti-immigration people is summarized in [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ry3nzkaoo3s ) . 
  i would love to hear some rebuttal to it . 
  lol , no . 
  when countries were joining the eu they did not agree to any migrant/refugee sharing at all , that 's why there is n't any . 
  so if the eu wants to start doing it now , it has to vote it in . 
  and since the vast majority of the countries will be against , the eu will * not * vote it in . 
  it 's pretty simple . 
  remember that i 'm not in anyway saying it 's fair . 
  but the problem is that a fair solution is politically impossible . 
  the majority of muslims that want to enforce sharia law are incompatible with western societies and values in my opinion .
