  and we indeed will leave the eu if you 'll force us , the population is already against continued eu membership . 
  he 's been in the future and seen the polls of course !, 
  and saving greece could mean the same thing . 
  note that i am very pro-greece on this issue , but i think their best way forward is to ( voluntarily ! ), 
  exit the eurozone and start actually recovering . 
  one could argue that slovakia * is * one big jail . 
  ( just teasing , my slovak friends !, 
  if you wo n't mind , i 'll copy & paste myself : yes , the eu is about compromises , there have been many times we had to accept decisions that were unpopular among czechs . 
  we grumbled , in some cases [ court battles ] ( http://www.radio.cz/en/section/curraffrs/czechs-lose-the-butter-battle-to-the-eu ) were fought , but in the end we have accepted many uncomfortable decisions from the eu . 
  but there are some things that a country just can not accept . 
  if 90-95 % of the population is against an issue that is completely irreversible and whose influence will reverberate through the following decades , and especially if the crisis has other , much palatable solutions , we just have to stand our ground . 
  we 're not against compromise , we are willing to offer money , and voluntarily take migrants , but the issue of mandatory quotas is completely impassable . 
  and if we were just one small country of 11 million or so , that would be different , but since almost half the union has the same stance , the eu/german berating of us and the adamant insisting on everybody following their orders is an absolute travesty . 
   you are not really pro-eu . 
  not anymore i 'm not , as i stated in my comment . 
   you are pro having economic benefits for your country through the eu . 
  the moment you actually have to do something minimal for someone else you are against it . 
  if you wo n't mind , i 'll copy & paste myself : yes , the eu is about compromises , there have been many times we had to accept decisions that were unpopular among czechs . 
  we grumbled , in some cases [ court battles ] ( http://www.radio.cz/en/section/curraffrs/czechs-lose-the-butter-battle-to-the-eu ) were fought , but in the end we have accepted many uncomfortable decisions from the eu . 
  but there are some things that a country just can not accept . 
  if 90-95 % of the population is against an issue that is completely irreversible and whose influence will reverberate through the following decades , and especially if the crisis has other , much palatable solutions , we just have to stand our ground . 
  we 're not against compromise , we are willing to offer money , and voluntarily take migrants , but the issue of mandatory quotas is completely impassable . 
  and if we were just one small country of 11 million or so , that would be different , but since almost half the union has the same stance , the eu/german berating of us and the adamant insisting on everybody following their orders is an absolute travesty . 
   just 2 things . 
  how do you think germany can force you to accept the quotas , if the majority in the eu is against them ? 
  i 'm not saying we 're in majority . 
  the former soviet bloc countries , who are almost all against , are much less populous and numerous than than the west , so we might be outvoted on this issue -- it only requires the so called [ qualified majority voting ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/voting_in_the_council_of_the_european_union#treaty_of_lisbon ) , not an unanimous vote like before . 
   the czech republic is the only central european state by all geographical definitions the last time i checked . 
  and if the contribution of pilsner urquell is n't significant , then i do n't know what . 
   some people on this subreddit are using the term `` eastern european '' in a derogatory meaning for all former soviet bloc countries . 
  even though i 'm geographically far from an eastern european , i do n't see anything wrong with being called that , so i preemptively designate myself so to show that it 's nothing to be ashamed of . 
  if you wo n't mind , i 'll copy & paste myself : yes , the eu is about compromises , there have been many times we had to accept decisions that were unpopular among czechs . 
  we grumbled , in some cases [ court battles ] ( http://www.radio.cz/en/section/curraffrs/czechs-lose-the-butter-battle-to-the-eu ) were fought , but in the end we have accepted many uncomfortable decisions from the eu . 
  but there are some things that a country just can not accept . 
  if 90-95 % of the population is against an issue that is completely irreversible and whose influence will reverberate through the following decades , and especially if the crisis has other , much palatable solutions , we just have to stand our ground . 
  we 're not against compromise , we are willing to offer money , and voluntarily take migrants , but the issue of mandatory quotas is completely impassable . 
  and if we were just one small country of 11 million or so , that would be different , but since almost half the union has the same stance , the eu/german berating of us and the adamant insisting on everybody following their orders is an absolute travesty . 
  * corruption prosecutor paladins * made me laugh out loud . 
  please send , always welcome !, 
  so you 're implying that if i 'm against immigration i 'm likely to turn out like hitler ? 
  :-d you know , this is why nobody listens to people like you anymore . 
  well , you know , plenty of people including the vast majority of czechs are not federalists , maybe in half a century or more , but not now . 
  heck , i 'd imagine it 'd be really fucking hard being an opm surrounded by hre but not being part of it !, 
  you have to bribe austria into adding you first , and then you might have a chance . 
  oh wow , you 're from east frisia !, 
  the only country in the region that was n't part of the holy roman empire ! -- i 'm an avid player of europa universalis iv . 
  i totally agree we should define rules and respect them . 
  no eastern european is disputing that , germany is the one country currently breaking the rules actually . 
  what we do object is what you are proposing as a solution to the crisis , we will not accept loss of sovereignty on the issue of immigration , so let 's either work on a different solution ( a compromise ) , or we want an opt-out like denmark , uk and ireland have . 
  ok , i 'm just covering bases since you never know on the internet . 
  the european parliament can only decide about things it has the mandate to decide upon . 
  asylum policy is still the sovereign right of each member state . 
  we can , all 28 countries , decide to delegate this policy from the member states to the eu , and then the eu parliament can administer it . 
  however , many countries are opposing such move . 
  ehm , sinking and bombing are quite bloody different things . 
  and again , they want to sink * empty * smugglers ' boats , which is a * good thing * . 
  yes , the eu is about compromises , there have been many times we had to accept decisions that were unpopular among czechs . 
  we grumbled , in some cases [ court battles ] ( http://www.radio.cz/en/section/curraffrs/czechs-lose-the-butter-battle-to-the-eu ) were fought , but in the end we have accepted many uncomfortable decisions from the eu . 
  but there are some things that a country just can not accept . 
  if 90-95 % of the population is against an issue that is completely irreversible and whose influence will reverberate through the following decades , and especially if the crisis has other , much palatable solutions , we just have to stand our ground . 
  we 're not against compromise , we are willing to offer money , and voluntarily take migrants , but the issue of mandatory quotas is completely impassable . 
  and if we were just one small country of 11 million or so , that would be different , but since almost half the union has the same stance , the eu/german berating of us and the adamant insisting on everybody following their orders is an absolute travesty . 
  do n't take it bad , but i just do n't read long comments that start insulting me in the very first paragraph , that 's all . 
  i stop right there and carry on with some other discussion that does n't berate me . 
  that 's not a bad idea . 
  i suggest you pop a link to the first downvoted comment at the end of the new one , so that the discussion below it is n't lost as well . 
  nowhere in this context line of comments did someone suggest bombing refugee boats . 
  you are trying to sway the discussion away from that truly slimy and disgusting comment . 
  and besides nobody even suggested they would bomb refugee boats * with refugees on them * !, 
  but destroying boats that smugglers used after you rescue the refugees makes sense . 
  i thought we all agreed that smugglers are scum . 
  oh , sorry , i did n't actually read your comment since it was really too long and i did n't want to take part in that discussion . 
  it was just too long and posted twice so i thought getting rid of one of them would clear up the discussion . 
   first , you say that the eu is about staying relevant on the world stage w.r.t. 
  the us or china . 
  if you really believe that , you do n't understand shit about the origins of the eu . 
  i never said that , i said that that is what * i * feel the eu is great for . 
  leave your abrasive comments to yourself . 
  as the proverb goes , `` a broken clock is right twice a day . '', 
  i do n't think the fact that in light of recent events this subreddit along with europe in general is turning against mass immigration is proof of any brigading . 
  and there is nothing inherently racist or xenophobic about not wanting immigration into your country , despite what the media and bleeding heart leftists might want you to believe . 
  i consider myself quite knowledgeable about eu and its origins actually . 
  can you point to anything specific ? 
  and you keep downvoting every one of my comments right away . 
  what an adult thing to do . 
  if you have any reservations about my comment , feel free to voice them in a civilized manner . 
  wow . 
  so instead of any sort of proof or at least an argument to my i hope quite logical and reasoned comment , you start right off with ad hominems , further claiming i am some bad `` type '' . 
  you do n't appear to be ready for a grown up discussion . 
  i could not , the probabilities are on my side . 
  i read that discussion and it went nowhere , they did n't even pull it off that time and it was one pointless discussion over a year ago . 
  that discussion is absolutely not a proof of anything . 
  and lastly , since your side wants to significantly censor this subreddit because of the purported brigading , the burden of proof lies on you , not me . 
  well , those tweets inviting to the brigade would be at least a start . 
  and why would we take one short comment of a guy who claims to have measly 500 followers on twitter as proof that we should censor important topics on a subreddit approaching half a million users ? 
  heck , he 's probably making it up to seem important anyway . 
  because it 's been paraded as the `` proof '' of brigading for over a year now , and it does n't even prove anything . 
  i think it 's much more likely that comments and posts are being downvoted by genuine europeans then by some dark brigade . 
  which is the only `` proof '' that is always paraded when someone starts talking about brigading . 
  i 've gone and read some pages of those comments , and it does n't really even seem like they did anything back then .
