  it is a problem for other eu countries and has been a problem for countries like greece and italy for years now . 
  well , i sympathize with these countries , but the fact of the matter is , without muslim migration these terrorist attacks would n't be happening , so let 's not do the same mistake in our countries . 
   of course , support can take many forms , but so far the eastern european contribution to the matter has been `` lol , fuck off '' . 
  that 's solely because the only proposed solution so far has been mandatory quotas . 
  which is completely unacceptable . 
   no one ever pushed for that . 
  germany and sweden were strawmaned to hell on this topic . 
  they simply wanted to take more than the others but the limits always existed merkel * literally * said numerous of times that germany will * not * impose any upper limit on migration . 
  please do n't be disingenuous . 
   the loss of control of the issue came exclusively from the eu countries having drastically different ideas and the polarized climate preventing moderate voices from being heard . 
  what ? 
  the loss of control came exclusively from germany and sweden completely bucking under the weight of their self-imposed policies . 
  we said from the start we wo n't take these migrants , so you ca n't pin that on us * at all * . 
   why do we even want to be part of the european union , if we want to entrench ourselves in our ancestral village and only give a fuck about our neck of the woods ? 
  i do n't want to be part of the * current * eu . 
  but your allusion that not admitting muslim migrants is akin to `` entrench ourselves in our ancestral village '' is a laughable strawman argument . 
   i would love that . 
  but european countries did not do it , are not doing it , will probably not do it . 
  so the situation exploded and here we are . 
  well then , push for financial help . 
  do n't push for dangerous open borders and unchecked migration . 
  i 'll join you in that fight . 
   eh , that is what we fought about the war in syria `` oh , the problem is so far away , let them kill each other '' . 
  welp , it made everything worse . 
  not in poland or the czech republic  i do n't know what will happen , but europe taking a number refugees is lowering the pressure in other vulnerable countries and might be the thing preventing , say , a civil war in turkey or lebanon or jordan - which would make the current bad situation even worse . 
  again , it would not make the situation worse in poland . 
  yes we should help , but financially , in the region . 
  not by importing people that will significantly endanger our country . 
   now , again , i do not say we are obliged to take refugees . 
  but i disagree that we can just close our eyes to the world and that everything will fix itself on its own . 
  nobody is saying close the eyes . 
  we are saying close the borders . 
  i hope you can see the difference between eyes and borders . 
   i am certain it can work for smaller countries . 
  i am not being patronizing here , i really think it can , in some situations . 
  but when we are discussing european politics , i disagree . 
  it worked for china , man . 
  please do n't be thick . 
  well , no . 
  i think you 're mistaken and that article does n't exist . 
  if you 'll find it , lem me know . 
  show me an article by an economist that the euro was a positive influence . 
   i have read other pieces . 
  it always depends on where you have your focus . 
  i dont contest that it had some immensely bad effects for some countries though . 
  notice that those pieces are almost always by people that are * not * economists . 
   neither poland nor czech republic would become observably less safe for accepting thousands of muslim refugees . 
  poland actually did it with chechens in the nineties ( most went on to europe , but thousands remained ) and yet we did n't suffer from islamocalypse . 
  actually they would become observably less safe , maybe not right away but over time . 
   not really , the problem is out there , that 's just hiding head in the sand . 
  not that eu is solving it either at the moment , exactly , the problem is * out there * , not in our countries . 
  let 's not import it . 
   but fortress mentality provides only an illusion of safety . 
  fortress mentality works . 
  god i 'm * so * glad my countrymen think almost exactly as i do and not as you . 
  http://ftalphaville.ft.com/meet-the-team/matthew-c-klein/ he does seem to have education in economics . 
  and as an economist myself i believe the paper was economically sound . 
   there are other economists that disagree with him . 
  it 's only natural to the topic to have diverging views as nobody can reliably estimate how europe would have developed without the euro . 
  it 's all just assumption . 
  actually , there 's almost universal consensus in the field that the euro is an immensely bad influence on the european economy . 
   no we wo n't , for many reasons . 
  first , the muslims who are already in - sometimes for centuries - are perfectly able to generate terrorists . 
  you only ever need a few for a terrorist attack . 
  we have almost none what so ever ( a thousand maybe ) . 
  also , you are wrong , it 's the muslims that have been there for 2-3 generations that are most prone to turn violent . 
  muslims that have been here for centuries are peaceful , look at bulgaria or albania . 
   second , the threat of terrorism is greatly overstated - which is not surprising , as that is exactly what terrorism is about . 
  the acts are flashy and horrible , but they are very minor and rare in the face of any european society . 
  sure , people feel less safe but statistically they are not less safe . 
  the key is to act on calculation , not emotions . 
  overstated maybe , but france is * significantly * less safe than czech republic or even poland . 
  i want to keep it that way . 
   defaulting to being a pack of scared animals solves nothing . 
  you say `` pack of scared animals '' , i say the only reasonable response . 
  and * actually * , it completely solves the problem . 
  well , i can respect your disagreement if you 're an economist , or at least have some formal education in that area . 
  if not , you 're really not in a position to make an educated judgement . 
  the same way i am in no position to disagree with scientists about global warming . 
  even with political union and fiscal transfers it would still have been a huge failure : http://ftalphaville.ft.com/2015/11/11/2144531/the-euro-was-pointless/, 
  i ca n't speak for everybody , but i 'm not extending blame . 
  i just do n't want my country to accept any more muslim refugees for the time being . 
  because without them , we 'll be much safer . 
  it 's tough for them , i agree , but we have no obligation to accept them . 
  and they really should do something about the radical elements within their religion if they want our sympathy . 
  i agree , the euro is a complete tragicomedy . 
  it completely failed at practically everything it intended to do and only created huge problems . 
  but that same low-valued euro combined with germany being seriously internally-undervalued makes you have the lowest unemployment on the continent and pushes your gdp growth sky high . 
  all that to the detriment of other euro countries . 
  1 in hundred thousands can still do a lot of damage . 
  especially when we 're taking in millions . 
  that 's a very interesting article , thanks !, 
  germany is definitely the country most benefiting from the euro by far . 
  daesh , or as they like to call themselves isil/isis/is . 
  ` is ( i ( l | s ) ) ? ` for programmers . 
  a czech will do anything for a hospoda . 
   the name da'ish is often used by isil 's arabic-speaking detractors . 
  it is based on the arabic letters d\u0101l , alif , \u02bbayn , and sh\u012bn , which form the acronym ( \u062f\u0627\u0639\u0634 ) of isil 's arabic name al-dawlah al-islam\u012byah f\u012b al-\u02bbir\u0101q wa-al-sh\u0101m . 
  [ 56 ] [ 57 ] ** there are many spellings of this acronym , with `` daesh '' gaining acceptance . 
  isil considers the name da'ish derogatory , because it sounds similar to the arabic words daes , `` one who crushes something underfoot '' , and dahes , `` one who sows discord '' .
