  the generals would certainly be free to act differently , no doubt about that . 
  but i think if you created the same situation as ww1 today , people would behave very similarly if coerced . 
  i admit that is lower than i expected . 
  but i think the reason is that they all knew that all deserters were executed and had no chance of escape . 
  so only people honestly suffering from ptsd that just could n't take it any longer did so . 
  so i do n't think people have really changed . 
  i think it was coercion that created that situation . 
   and the government inquiry and the allegations of sexual abuse and excessive use of force were from this one camp on nauru . 
  so , the camp was open 2001-2008 , 2012-2015 , that 's 12 years . 
  so i was right that the camp was open for many years . 
  in 12 years there have surely served thousands of workers . 
   do you think that it will stay at 350.000 ? 
  if you open a safe haven camp in turkey or lebanon , you will have to make room for up to 2 million or more . 
  keep in mind that most refugees in these countries do n't live in refugee camps . 
  what would you choose ? 
  living on the streets of beirut with next to nothing or having shelter in an eu refugee camp ? 
  not exactly 350,000 , but i think it will stay quite low . 
  after all , the camps wo n't be significantly better than turkish/jordan camps or living in the safe parts of syria . 
  i do n't think it 'll come anywhere near 2 million . 
  but if it does , it 's still far better to house these 2 million in extraterritorial camps than to resettle them in europe , where it would cost us 10-20 times more per person and would serve as a far bigger pull factor . 
  am i included ? 
  i think this is the wrong approach and it wo n't solve anything . 
  in this case i was referring to us czechs , slovaks , poles , hungarians and romanians , but i am certain many other people would want this solution as well . 
  if you disagree , you 're free to resettle the refugees on your territory . 
  we , however , will not follow your example . 
   tell me in which mena country , which is n't overrun by refugees , you want to open up a camp ? 
  maybe malta ? 
  invade libya with soldiers and secure a strip of land ? 
  possible countries include ( but not limited to ) : turkey , morocco , algeria , tunisia , egypt , iraq , yemen . 
  again , these countries wo n't have to do a single thing beyond providing us some land to build on and receiving money . 
  it 's not hard to receive money , trust me , i tried it . 
   i can see how thousands of european people which will have to work in these camps will be happy as fuck . 
  are you going to make this service mandatory ? 
  i did n't say european people will have to work at these camps , only that the people will be provided by the eu . 
  i imagine the top brass will be eu officials , but many of the staff will be hired from the local population . 
  also volunteers that are so passionate about refugees like yourself will be welcome to contribute . 
  and armies can be called upon as a temporary solution if necessary . 
  as have i   and only in the last two years of war did people have to be forced to enlist . 
  i 'm not arguing they enlisted voluntarily . 
  war seemed like a glorious prospect at that time . 
  but the endlessly bloody charges against machine guns and artillery fire they entered voluntarily only the first time , when they did n't know what it really meant . 
   and on the actual battlefield , the level of dissent was very low well , anyone who dissented was promptly executed to serve as an example to others , and yet still many refused to charge . 
   i think dan even mentions that just over 300 people have been accused for desertion in the british army . 
  you 'll also recall that the british expeditionary force was by far the smallest of all the forces in the war , and unlike all others it was a completely professional and extremely skilled army . 
  if the 300 deserters in the bef are true , that 's a very high number for that unit . 
  now imagine what the desertion numbers were for the french and german conscripted and largely completely unskilled and untested armies was . 
  interwar germany had culture , had education , had countless other systems called civilization . 
  yet we all know how it ended when they suffered extreme unemployment and collapse of the food supply due to hyperinflation . 
  as the saying goes :  civilization is three meals away from barbarism . 
   just to name a single example , world war 1 soldiers rallied to go into the trenches and charge in the face of machineguns and artillery fire . 
  there 's literally no circumstance that could make modern day people act that way . 
  you have a completely mistaken view of the world war i. 
  those people were forced to do that by their commanders , and those that refused were executed en masse . 
  if you 're interested in the world war i , i highly recommend dan carlin 's podcast [ blueprint for armageddon ] ( http://www.dancarlin.com/product/hardcore-history-50-blueprint-for-armageddon-i/ ) . 
   do you really think that you could build a tent camp for 20k people wuth a decent hygenic standards ? 
  perhaps not ideal , but certainly decent hygienic standards , yes . 
   that 's cattle like treatment , they would just run away and try their luck somewhere else , like the eu . 
  no , cattle do n't use toilets or sleep in tents . 
  and they wo n't have to `` run '' away . 
  they will be free to return to their country of origin , or any country they 'll get granted asylum in . 
  if they run away to the eu ( which costs thousands of dollars to get smuggled into ) , they 'll just be returned to the camps . 
  therefore , they 'll know it 's futile to even try . 
   while beggars ca n't be choosers , i think that refugees should at least have clean water and a real roof on their heads . 
  what you 're suggesting is a prison camp . 
  there would be clean water provided , of course . 
  and in turkey 's climate , a tent provides all the `` roof over your head '' you 'll need . 
  what i 'm suggesting is a refugee camp , not a prison camp . 
   for years ? 
  it was reopened in august 2012 . 
  you are misinformed . 
  as far as i can tell the [ first camp ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nauru_regional_processing_centre ) opened in 2001 . 
   is that a reason for the people which fled to return ? 
  i do n't understand the question . 
   out of the 650.000 53 % are syrian , 16 % are from afghanistan [ 1 ] . 
  only 5 % make up iraqis . 
  when you mix in all the albanian , serbs and kosovars it will get lower , but they wo n't get any asylum in the eu and they wo n't matter for camps outside of the eu in mena countries . 
  i was talking about all migrants , not just those crossing the mediterranean , only 20 % of them are syrian according to eurostat . 
  so yeah , if unhcr says roughly 350,000 syrians fled , that 's low enough number that we 'll certainly have enough room for them in the extraterritorial camps . 
   did it reduce asylum applications for australia ? 
  they will be at an all time high this year . 
  but we were never talking about that . 
  anyone anywhere in the world can lodge an asylum application to australia , the problem is , if they do it on australian soil , they are very hard to deport . 
  australia thus managed to stop them from getting on their soil . 
  that is all we want to accomplish in the eu . 
  if your country wants then to take these asylum applicants , they can take them from the 3rd countries on planes . 
   the other countries are already hosting millions of refugees . 
  i 'm starting to think you believe there are exactly 5 mena countries . 
  :d please open wikipedia . 
   if you provide security , you will have to provide anything else . 
  what happens if somebody commits a crime in a refugee camp ? 
  will be the eu held accountable for not protecting minorities from attacks in such camps ? 
  these camps will be there for a long time . 
  are you incapable of reading ? 
  i 'm saying those camps would be eu run . 
  eu would provide everything . 
  yes , there would be jails in such camps as well . 
  eu will try to police the camps , and separate people based on ethnicity/religion so there wo n't be clashes . 
  after all , there would be large amount of smaller camps . 
  what ? 
  more like 50 camps for 20,000 people each in the first 6 to 12 months , more might follow afterwards .
