  well , you ca n't say that . 
  if the us was n't involved nobody would be there to stop the serbians from possibly wiping out the entire bosniak nation . 
  can i ask , are you a bosniak ? 
  my country of czechoslovakia lost half of its territory in 1993 , because slovaks , the junior nation , no longer wanted to be part of it . 
  as so we let them go because it was their wish . 
  we lost much larger territory than you did and we did n't have any say in it like you did n't , but i do n't compare it to the annexation of crimea , because it is simply incomparable . 
  the validity referendum you are referring is heavily questioned by the international community , and according to my search gallup did * not * confirm those results . 
  actually , here 's [ gallup questioning them ] ( http://www.ibtimes.com/gallup-poll-shows-crimeans-had-very-different-ideas-about-russia-last-year-1561821 ) . 
  kosovo was n't forced to have an independence , kosovo had separatist tendencies from the very start . 
  please do n't start rewriting history . 
   i have no idea how can anyone see usa as some saviours . 
  again , correct me if i 'm wrong , i mean no malice : did they not stop the genocide of bosniaks ? 
  you said , i quote :  the fact that us hasnt slapped another star on its flag ( while still occupying it ) is nothing but semantics to serbia . 
  heavily implying the us * has * annexed kosovo , but just has n't formally declared it . 
  from the perspective of the victim country it is * not * the same thing . 
  kosovo declared independence because it markedly did not want to be part of serbia any more . 
  the people themselves wanted to form their own country and did so . 
  whereas most crimeans wanted neither independence nor to be part of russia . 
  citizens declaring independence and military annexation by a hostile country are * not * the same thing by any stretch of imagination . 
  that 's my personal opinion . 
  considering 500,000 dead iraqi children , yes , i believe the person who ordered or caused that should be severely punished . 
  but notice i say person , because killing 500,000 iraqi children was n't the goal of the mission , it was a fuck-up that someone caused and that someone should be punished for . 
  however , the annexation of crimea was a very deliberate act on the part of russia , so russia should be punished for it . 
  and lastly , please do n't make me into some stubborn idiot . 
  i 'm perfectly willing to change my mind if confronted with at least some evidence of the supposed annexation . 
  i just have n't as of yet seen any proof of that . 
  and so as a rational thinker i ca n't accept it until such evidence is shown to me . 
  so when i politely ask you for any evidence on the annexation stating that i 'm willing to change my mind if confronted with evidence , you instead go out of your way to insult me ? 
  ok , i fully admit i might have some gaps on the balkan wars . 
  i 'd really appreciate if you could shine some light on the issue . 
  what i believe happened is serbia coupled with some bosnian croats and serbs attacked bosnia and herzegovina and started a genocide on bosniaks . 
  later even croatia joined in against bosnia . 
  and then the us stepped in on the side of bosnia and herzegovina trying to stop said genocide . 
  do i have some of that factually wrong ? 
  and if not , why are you -- wearing the flag of bosnia and herzegowina -- against the us intervention that was on your side ? 
  ok , getting back : ** annexation is the upmost form of permanent violation of sovereignty and should be severely punished . 
  ** annexation of crimea is * documented and recognized by the entire world including russia itself * . 
  supposed annexation of kosovo by the us is * not documented and recognized only by you it seems * . 
  i see no double standards . 
  yeah , that article is behind a pay-wall and nothing in the outline supports your position . 
  if you make extraordinary claims in a discussion you have to support them with evidence , otherwise your argument is void . 
  can you provide any proof of the annexation of kosovo into the united states ? 
  i 'd really like to be persuaded if you are right . 
  you misunderstand , the idea is n't to get them to crack and return crimea . 
  they 're never giving that back and everybody knows that . 
  the idea is for them to know that if they do the same shit again , they have to count on their economy getting fucked for the next 10 years . 
  and if they do that math , hopefully annexing wo n't look as lucrative anymore . 
  well , russia does all that , but they also annex things . 
  and that 's worse because that 's practically forever . 
  ad kosovo being annexed by the us : could you please provide some evidence ? 
  of course . 
  and considering that our sanctions are severely depressing the russian economy and almost lead to the collapse of the ruble , i believe the benefits are self-evident . 
  one violation really is n't as punishable as another one , now is it ? 
  or do you supposes we should have the same punishments for murder and parking violations ? 
  annexation is one of the most serious violations of sovereignty there is . 
  that 's the problem . 
  for instance , violation of an airspace is , i hope you agree , on a completely different scale . 
  one violation really is n't as punishable as another one , now is it ? 
  or do you supposes we should have the same punishments for murder and parking violations ? 
  and kosovo absolutely is n't annexed . 
  you are mad . 
  you guys really ca n't settle on a capital , can you ? 
   also :  the cities of gniezno and nearby pozna\u0144 were captured , plundered and destroyed in 1038 by the bohemian duke bretislav i , which pushed the next polish rulers to move the polish capital to krak\u00f3w . 
  `` seriously ? '', 
  has the us annexed any territory in those incidents ? 
  what are you referring to ? 
  i 'm not following . 
  of course you 're not doing it unilaterally . 
  but your decision to vote for cessation of sanctions * is * short sighted i believe . 
  we have to punish russia for violating the sovereignty of another nation , because if we do n't , they 'll do it again and again . 
  no problem . 
  `` discussing is n't limited at all '' when we 're hoarded into this one bloody thread and ca n't discuss individual articles ? 
  bull . 
  shit . 
  wow . 
  you just called me a neo-nazi to discredit me . 
  without any proof what so ever . 
  you are indeed a gentleman and a scholar . 
  i just treat neo nazis like human beings when they 're behaving like them . 
  if you keep ostracising them they 're going to be isolated amongst themselves and get even more bigoted and dangerous . 
  i happened to agree with what he was saying -- this indeed * is * censorship -- and so i agreed with him . 
  if you find that questionable , so be it . 
  krak\u00f3w is much much nicer than warsaw and it was the original capital of poland !, 
  warsow was only selected for the polish-lithuanian commonwealth because it was right between krak\u00f3w and vilnius i believe . 
  can i have a question ? 
  i just visited krak\u00f3w and a lot of your historical buildings ( like the cathedral at wawel ) are constructed from bricks of very wildly mismatched colours . 
  what is up with that ? 
  you are a wonderful human being . 
  i was n't being silly , i was demonstrating how condescending your attitude and comment was . 
  please try to treat me with some dignity and not as someone you have to belittle to get your way . 
  no , you have shown why it supports a completely different argument i was n't replying to . 
  as i have clearly said i was replying to and defending the first argument , that this ghettoization indeed is censorship . 
  again , sure you can claim that you think you are right but given that you do not have arguments but only your angry feelings ... 
  no , it sure is n't . 
  it 's for the reader to determine . 
  that 's funny , because i say it * clearly was * an attack on his character that had nothing to do with his argument . 
  you are factually wrong . 
  pretty easy to determine !, 
  now if you feel different about it you certainly can !, 
  but that is n't going to change the facts .
