  kind of looks like the starting map of europa universalis iv . 
  and the latest estimates are already over 190k for this year . 
  well , i always thought you 'd build the windmills offshore , they 're more potent there anyway , are n't they ? 
  well , * of course * you can stop it . 
  the only question is , are you willing to do what is necessary to stop it ? 
  and believe you me , we eastern europeans will * not * let this happen to us . 
  no chance in hell . 
  so , germany , sweden and perhaps a handful of other countries can either take more and more each year ( after all , there are tens if not hundreds of millions of migrants wanting to settle in the eu ) until you burst , or you can do something to stop it . 
  it 's entirely up to you , we eastern europeans do n't care either way , it 's your business . 
  we 've closed our borders already and we 'll block any permanent quotas or other similarly foolish solutions . 
  heck , we 'll exit the eu if we 'll have to . 
   and not a lot of space for windmills come again ? 
   what is going to happen in 2016 when further hundreds of thousands come ? 
  this year we will exceed a million , in 2016 it will be even more than that . 
  that is the first time the usually exceptional netherlands are worst at something !, 
  what happened here ? 
  in my experience , it works exactly like that . 
  i believe being it improves the situation regardless . 
  two people that do n't like each other that much are always much better neighbours than flatmates . 
  as a former czechoslovak , i can not agree with that . 
  our relations severely improved after the dissolution . 
  well , russia is supplying ukraine with heavily subsidized energy so that the country became dependent on it . 
  now if they want to defy russia , they 'd have to switch to two times more expensive power supplies from other countries , which they just ca n't afford any more . 
  that 's how you control a country . 
   it 's not worth going through much trouble ( and blood ) trying to divide all countries up along ethnic lines for the wars it 's not going to stop ( as nothing guarantuees that said people will be happy with their space ) but when that trouble has already been gone through , like during the bosnain war , it 's good to end it with ethnic separation of peoples that evidently have deep hatred for each other . 
  there 's a lot of uncomfortable truth in your post . 
  ~ ~ when ~ ~ because and euros are a currency , you dollar . 
  well , how about during the stone age ? 
  same in the czech republic . 
  i 'd like to believe you , but my mother warned me about random internet dudes ...  ^ ( look at his username . ), 
  certainly . 
  we should severely curb immigration , ban any financing from saudi arabia and fight salafism by , among other things , closely monitoring all mosques for hateful and anti-western rhetoric . 
  what we should * not * do , is change the way we hunt terrorists ~ ~ , as you insinuated ~ ~ . 
  that 's a poll of us muslims . 
  that is completely incomparable to say syrians . 
  this might be what they want , but it 's also our best response . 
  and the one time i was in paris armed with this information , la porte de lyon was closed !, 
  a new counter strike map is coming : de_brussels !, 
  i know exactly what you just said . 
  well than you should have said the reason was that russia had them in their pocket , energy-wise , so they do n't have a choice . 
  and no one is surprised . 
  that 's no reason to help the enemy by selling him electricity and allowing him to ship supplies to a piece of your territory they currently occupy in open defiance of your sovereignty . 
   besides , japan , being like the homogeneous country , invaded korea and china too and even tried exterminating the chinese . 
  drawing ethnic lines is no guarantuee for peace nor will that be the case in europe . 
  of course , there are many reasons for war , empire was the reason for japan . 
  but i believe by far the most used casus belli are ethnic disputes . 
  therefore i believe it 's beneficial to try to limit them as much as we can . 
  it 's no guarantee , but it certainly improves the odds by a very large margin . 
   so you 're saying that is the reason that there 's prolonged peace in europe ? 
  not the fact that the end game of nationalism and ethnic imperialism led to mass genocide ? 
  as yugoslavia demonstrated , europe is never shy to start a war . 
  so yes , i believe the main reason why there has n't been a war in europe outside yugoslavia for the past 70 years is that the borders more or less follow ethnic divisions . 
  however , i do agree that the horrors of ww2 are also the largest contributing factor , and certainly are the main reason why specifically france and germany would be extremely reluctant to go to war in europe . 
   really ? 
  if it 's over 95 % then it 's homogeneous enough . 
  they wanted more land for themselves as means of self-sufficiency . 
  95 % is n't homogeneous by definition of the word . 
  the question of what is homogeneous * `` enough '' * is highly subjective . 
  for hitler , it seems it was n't enough . 
  of course the smaller the percentage , the larger problems it has the potential to create . 
   but was n't germany a homogeneous country when it started ww2 ? 
  well , no . 
   because besides the fact that you 'll need to divide land among homogeneous ethnicities/cultural divisions you 'll have to make sure that said identities are content with their place , too . 
  bosnian serbs would be expelled to serbia . 
  their content would be disregarded as they were the aggressors . 
  similarly like germans after ww2 . 
   this stuff is never going to stop as long as you attempt to divide europe solely based on that . 
  this stuff would immediately end if you divided europe based on ethnic lines . 
  that 's also why there 's such a prolonged time of peace in europe ( sans yugoslavia ) after the population movements during and following ww2 -- which more or less homogenized european countries -- whereas there are constant ethnic wars in africa . 
   and whenever i read the foreign press about our situations in belgium i think `` wow , they really seem to make us out for a non-functioning shithole because some politicians are trying to score points . '', 
  just now there 's these opinion columns about the festering neighbourhood that is molenbeek and suddenly terrorists are everywhere in belgium apparently . 
  well , your political instability is unprecedented in the developed world , that 's a fact . 
  and i understand that your capital city is currently under the highest treat level , and the metro and all schools are closed , which would indicate it 's not just media hype , but the intelligence community actually believes there are multiple terrorists lying in wait . 
   ww2 , however , is the end-game of ethnic nationalism . 
  and in all honesty that 's always where it 's going to go for europe in the long run if nationalism is its way to go . 
  well it exactly wo n't in homogeneous countries . 
  whereas it might in heterogeneous countries , that 's * exactly * why heterogeneity is dangerous . 
  you might not subscribe to national liberalism , but ethnic cohesion is an innate human nature , so when times get though , people will revert to it . 
   ut there 's also the fact that a country not being homogeneous is not necessarily bad , because culture and ethnicity has more than just one layer . 
  in fact , this is more often the case than not . 
  you are morovian and czech , and european . 
  these three things can be part of your identity without excluding one and another . 
  just as i am west-flemish , flemish , belgian and european . 
  being a moravian is like being a londoner . 
  it 's not ethnic , it 's mostly just where you were born or happen to live . 
  there are no deep divisions between bohemians and moravians , we all consider ourselves primarily czechs . 
  so the only good example of this i can think of is belgium , which again , is n't a model to follow exactly . 
  and all that is theoretical . 
  the way i see it , there 's absolutely no chance of a unified `` bosnian '' identity emerging in bosnia and herzegovina . 
  these people hate each other with fervent passion , and that 's something that will remain for generations upon generations . 
  well then we can agree that a country being homogeneous is good . 
  yes , there is a problem with * how * some countries got that way , but i believe many cases were justified and humane enough -- such as the expulsion of germans after the ww2 . 
  that is something i would have advocated for instead of the dayton agreement . 
  the serbs in bosnia-herzegovina that collectivelly not only started the war , but also had leaders that escalated it to a genocide , should have been expelled to serbia . 
  the victimized bosniaks then would have a chance for their own future instead of being permanently held down in their own country by people they actively tried to end their existence . 
  that 's a cruel fate not deserved even by the most vile of nations . 
  well , the lesson i take from history is that ethnically homogeneous countries are the safest bet . 
  everywhere there are large ethnic minorities , there 's a huge potential for trouble . 
  donetsk is just the latest example of that . 
  belgium is the one big fluke to this rule , but even that is n't working all that well , the country is known for being in political gridlock as evidenced by the 541 days it took them to form a government a few years back .
