  love these `` nope . 
  you are wrong . '', 
  comments , so smug and so unsourced . 
  well , your disagreement wo n't keep the migrants there either . 
  well , since something like 99 % of arriving migrants are muslims , yeah , those technically are muslim camps . 
  they have on their way crossed already 5-15 borders . 
  what do you mean your border is `` upgraded '' ? 
  do you have a fence or not ? 
  well , not every woman will rightly anticipate a sexual attack of course . 
  i bet very few of them will do , they 'll feel safe in europe only to find out they 're still sadly in the middle east . 
  and remember , the word of a sexual assault will * not * spread in a muslim camp . 
  the women will not share their experience for fear of the word getting out . 
  i have no idea if they accompany them to the toilet stalls for example , do you ? 
  well , it is n't on an intra-eu border , it 's on the outside border , which is fine . 
  well , the us-mexico border is 3,145 km ( 1,954 miles ) long , whereas hungary-serbian border and fence is just 175km long . 
  they can easily have cameras/lookouts and if anyone tries anything dangerous , the fast response units will be there in minutes . 
  well , only if the companion caught them in the act of course , since the women will be in the vast number of cases too afraid to tell their companions . 
  so all you need is to get to that poor woman when their companion is n't around ( say in the bathrooms ) . 
  yes , let 's stop helping hundreds of thousands of illegal migrants when that same money could save ten times as many in turkey , lebanon and other countries . 
  because the police officers escorting football fans are most likely pulling overtime to do that -- it does n't happen all that often , and only in select cities . 
  but those camps are far too numerous and they need to be watched 24/7 . 
  i imagine because the women are often accompanied by their muslim husbands/fathers/brothers who could very likely react quite violently . 
  ranging from disowning to outright stoning them to death . 
  almost . 
  same brand of idiocy . 
  well , the term `` pipe dream '' is not used to describe things that are proven to be possible within a few years . 
  and secondly , so what that it took australia 5 years ? 
  the concept is proven , and europe has a strong incentive to act fast . 
  we could do it in 1 . 
  who is n't a nazi today , really ? 
  austria maybe , but i do n't think the netherlands would join . 
  that was a trump joke . 
  i know , it 's hard to convey the toupee in text . 
  a true work of modern art !, 
  well , i think the complete list of countries that would want to join a germany-french federation would be : 1 . 
  germany 2 . 
  maaaaaybe france , but that 's quite unsure . 
  i do n't think many countries would want to be a part of that . 
  yeah , afaik they have to be modified before any non-military entity can even buy them . 
  also , i 'd like to know why firing ranges always have such horrible websites . 
  i feel you , sweden is acting like a bunch of assholes . 
  they want denmark to stop the refugees -- even after inviting them in -- and then they ship them off to you , because they realize the influx is too high , but are too pussified to actually say it out loud . 
  that 's a triumph of hypocrisy and a new low for political correctness . 
  can you provide a clip ? 
  i think a good solution would be that they all get vouchers -- food vouchers , clothing vouchers ( or provided clothes ) , shelter vouchers or provided shelter , etc. 
  the vouchers would work only for say 2-3 months , so that really only the part that the people needed to use would be used . 
  that would seriously limit the pull factor to europe and stop the extremely blatant welfare shopping we have seen so far from the migrants . 
  and before someone comes to say i want to treat these people as sub-human -- just no . 
  they are not yet citizens and thus not entitled to standard welfare , which they did n't contribute to . 
  who 's a good bot ? 
  you are !, 
  so say we all !, 
  after all , serbia is a safe country . 
  of course , but being called racist today is actually just a proof of your sanity , so do n't worry about it . 
  we will be rooting for you like we are rooting for hungary . 
  fuck the media . 
  so , it 's a matter of weeks you say ? 
  eurotrip , the best portrayal of slovakia in the entire history of cinema . 
  i 'm dubious about effectiveness of closing borders . 
  well , the us-mexico border is 3,145 km ( 1,954 miles ) long , whereas hungary-serbian border and fence is just 175km long . 
  but one thing remains the same , mexico should pay for it !, 
  i go to the range occasionally here in the czech republic and they do lend guns , but you have to pay a guy to supervise you if you do n't have a license . 
  but they have weeks where the supervision is free . 
   concerning automatic weapons , i believe those are strictly forbidden for anyone but the military . 
  they do have semi-automatic versions of these weapons though , like semi-auto ak-47 . 
  scissoring on lesbos ? 
  so , will they go through croatia or possibly romania to circumvent the fence now ? 
  australia has and had extra-territorial camps in not one but several countries . 
  absolutely not a pipe dream . 
  i disagree . 
  if anyone is going to get us to mars , it 's going to be spacex . 
  and that 's as meaningful as it gets . 
  my position is to deport them back to the first safe country they have encountered on their journey ( turkey , lebanon , etc. ), 
  as is outlined by unhcr , and then help them there . 
  source : http://www.unhcr.org/3ae68ccec.html . 
  we have to disincentivise travelling to europe -- let them know that deportation is certain at the end -- and the problem will cease , allowing us to concentrate our resources on helping as many as we can close to the conflict . 
  true , but i think it 's because of the correlation arab = muslim . 
  i think the reason czechs dislike arabs is because 99.99 % of them are muslim , not because of anything relating to their ethnicity or race . 
  of course minorities that are persecuted in turkey will not be returned to turkey . 
   but the worst part is the false dilemma between helping people near the zones of conflicts and letting refugees in our country . 
  why we could n't do both ? 
  why we should n't do both ? 
  that 's absolutely no false dilemma what so ever . 
  do you really think that our capacity for help is completely unlimited ? 
  because it is not . 
  we have * only * so much money to help these people . 
  you ca n't spend more than 100 % of the gdp of the country on refugees for example , because there 'd be no money for anything else !, 
  so with the limited amount of help we can give , we should strive to help as much people as we can . 
  you seem to think the amount of migrants is limited , and it is -- roughly 3 billion potential migrants . 
  because if europe is known to welcome anybody who comes , they all will want to , and most of them will try sooner or later . 
  yeah , we got beat up a lot , that 's what we get for having the audacity to be in the middle . 
  sadly , zeman showed alsmost no russia leaning before the election , because he knew it would be extremely unpopular and he 'd lose . 
  remember , zeman is a figurehead , our duly elected government is very against-russia and that 's what counts , because they have the power . 
  zeman is just our favourite drunk . 
  or used to be . 
  what do you expect from a bunch of drunk bastards ( certainly more drunk then you lot !!!, 
  it 's not that we do n't want responsibility , it 's that we disagree with the solution . 
  because we do n't believe caring for refugees in the eu is a good solution to the crisis . 
  ** for the same money we can either help 1 refugee in the eu or 10 in turkey and other places . 
  ** and there are enough refugees that we wo n't be able to help them all .
