  could you have written that any more condescendingly ? 
  no my feelings are n't important , but my arguments are . 
  and who is right and wrong is not for you to determine . 
  his comment was * only * that this ghettoization is censorship . 
  and pointing out his racism * is * an ad hominem attack that has nothing to do with his argument . 
  i do n't care about winning points . 
  and i 'm sure that person might very well be a brigading neo-nazi , but i agree with his argument he expressed in the above comment , and i object to you people using ad hominem attacks to discredit that argument . 
  shoot me . 
  yes i did explain it , see [ this comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3esaee/immigration_megathread_part_i/cti8sy9 ) . 
  again , i 'm not arguing your character , i 'm arguing your current behaviour , which is perfectly acceptable . 
  i do n't think you understand logic that well based on your comment . 
  in the post the reply was posted to he does n't make any such claim . 
  his argument is that this ghettoization of the immigration topic is censorship , and mentioning his subreddits of choice changes nothing about that . 
  if you 're gon na use so many ad hominems , please educate yourself about them at least . 
  the fact that i do n't know which german political party npd is does n't influence in any way our discussion about your sub-human treatment of people you currently disagree with . 
  no , ad hominem is the technique you 're using in treating him as sub-human that ca n't possibly have a correct opinion . 
  i was saying it ca n't be right because it does n't meet the qualifications for censorship . 
  no , the only argument to the point you made was , i quote :  `` that 's not censorship by the very definition of the word . '', 
  which is not an argument at all . 
  then all my arguments to the point you rebuffed by saying :  why do you feel the need to defend a neo nazi ? 
  this implying that because it was said by a supposed neo nazi , no arguments can make it right . 
  and finally :  not surprising , as i said before , you are utterly clueless . 
  you do love your ad hominems . 
  i 'm sorry , i 'm not that familiar with german ( i assume ) politics , i have no idea what npd is nor do i care . 
  you are treating him as sub-human , because you will not let him talk about censorship on this sub and you instead shut down every argument he makes by the alleged fact that he is a neo-nazi . 
  imagine if you did the same except to a jew and not a neo-nazi . 
  and then when i -- not a neo-nazi -- point out that the thing he said is correct , you attack that argument by saying that it ca n't possibly be right , because it was uttered by a neo nazi . 
  i did n't lose the point . 
  in fact you appear to be a very sore loser . 
  i specifically said you `` act like a neo-nazi '' , because that 's precisely the * point * of our argument -- you treating this person as sub-human that can not be possibly right and with which nobody could ever side . 
  i did not say you * are * a neo-nazi . 
  ad hominem is attacking people 's character instead of their argument . 
  i precisely attacked your argument , and not your character . 
   an ad hominem ( latin for `` to the man '' or `` to the person '' [ 1 ] ) , short for argumentum ad hominem , means responding to arguments by attacking a person 's character , rather than to the content of their arguments . 
  you can use facts to discredit his arguments and that 's perfectly alright . 
  but using facts that discredit his character instead of his arguments * is * ad hominem . 
  do you realize that by treating these people like sub-humans , you are behaving like a neo-nazi yourself ? 
  be ashamed of yourself . 
  if a neo nazi says `` we should pay elementary teachers better '' , i 'm gon na agree with him , and it matteres not whethere he 's a neo nazi or not . 
  neo nazis should be shunned when they are acting like neo nazis , but should be encouraged to act like human beings . 
  you shunning him from discussing an unrelated topic is feeding his alleged neo nazism even more . 
  be ashamed of yourself . 
  because the fact he might be a neo nazi does n't mean he is n't right about an unrelated topic . 
  even a gardener can be right about international financial markets . 
  what is really deplorable is you thinking that by labelling him a neo nazi you can shun him from the discussion . 
  i 'm not defending him , i 'm defending what he 's currently saying . 
  censorship is not the way to go . 
  be ashamed of yourself . 
  of course it * is * a censorship . 
  all posts concerning immigration are banned !, 
  now all immigration discussion is only allowed in comments in one thread . 
  posts are much more important , many people do n't read comments , just posts . 
  and we ca n't even discuss articles properly now . 
  again your shameful and disgusting use of ad hominem . 
  the fact that he might be bigoted does n't mean he ca n't be right about censorship . 
  your blatant use of ad hominem is disgusting . 
  argue the point , do n't smear the individual . 
  do n't act like an asshole , let 's keep this civil . 
  meth is our jesus , 
  oh , i thought you meant it the other way around . 
  ehm , you must have misread it . 
  the \u010cnb is moving the czk-eur exchange rate , nothing else . 
  well thank you  can you give me an example of our absurdity you came across ? 
  in 2012 greek debt was about 120 % of gdp . 
  if `` more than half of greek debt '' was forgiven , as the article states , it would have less than 60 % . 
  but then they would have to gain 115 % of gdp in debt between 2012 and 2015 , which is practically not possible . 
  so the deal had to have feel through , have been significantly amended , or the article misreported it . 
  how is that in any way relevant to my comment ? 
  in the article it says creditors will forgive more than half of the greek debt . 
  given that the crisis started with greece 's debt somewhere roughly around 100-120 % of gdp , and now it has 175 % , i 'm positive half of the greek debt was not forgiven . 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about and fail to comprehend basic concepts . 
  i 'm sorry , but i do n't have time for this . 
  please have the courtesy to read the links you 're posting . 
  that agreement is about loans germany took out , it absolutely * is n't * about ww2 reparations . 
  and i believe that greek deal fell through -- their current debt is 175 % of gdp . 
  ww1 : germany stopped paying debts in 1932 and debts were wholly forgiven in 1933 after germany 's economy completely imploded . 
  to cite wikipedia :  to help make reparations payments , germany took out various loans during the 1920s . 
  in 1933 , following the cancellation of reparations , the new german chancellor adolf hitler cancelled all payments . 
  in june 1953 , an agreement on this existing debt was reached with west germany , which agreed to make symbolic token payments against the loans that had been defaulted on in the 1920s , but deferred some of the debt until west and east germany were unified . 
  in 1995 , following reunification , germany began making the final payments towards the loans . 
  a final installment of us$ 94 million was made on 3 october 2010 , settling german loan debts in regard to reparations . 
  the payments you made after 1990 were on some loans you took to pay some monthly payments for the reparations . 
  but the debt of the reparations was never paid and forgiven . 
  ww2 : the immense ww2 debts were n't even levied against germany , because nobody wanted ww3 . 
  there 's nothing wrong with piketty . 
  yes , they absolutely do have the mandate . 
  it 's in the bloody constitution . 
  central banks have been adjusting exchange rates throughout all the history , i really do n't see what you 're going on about . 
  the fact that you do n't have a peg does n't in any way mean you ca n't or should n't make corrections to the exchange rate . 
  and these two currencies and russian ruble last year are totally incomparable . 
  who is to blame : governor of the central bank , that 's pretty obvious . 
  but these are n't `` bets '' in any sense of the word . 
  they 're not betting anything . 
  they 're just depreciating the exchange rate so as to stimulate exports . 
  well , they 're neither citizens nor do they have schengen visas !, 
  they 're buying euros and selling swiss francs/czech crowns in order to adjust the currency exchange rate . 
  this is absolutely nothing new , happens every day . 
  well , / r/europe was made a default sub for anyone with a european ip . 
  so what you are seeing is actually the opinions of the european populace at large ( with a bias towards young people ) . 
  i * very highly * doubt there are czechs on that subreddits .
