  he is regretting his action , and has not committed a crime in 38 years . 
  i say let him go free , since he 's obviously not a danger to society . 
   this is barbaric to me . 
  rape is less bad to you depending on how the victim feels ? 
  this extreme relativism is insane . 
  punishment should fit the crime . 
   this is barbaric as well . 
  how can you honestly believe that a criminal should be shown leniency because he was willingly under the influence of drugs ? 
  this is just so backward to me . 
  that is no excuse in any civilized society . 
  yes , premeditated crimes done in cold blood should be punished more severely than crimes of passion . 
  have you considered your opinion is barbaric and has no excuse in any civilized society ? 
   i was under the impression that he drugged his victim ? 
  if that is so , this claim is factually incorrect . 
  afaik they all took drugs , because it was a party . 
   this is just stupid and ignorant . 
  that is informed and intelligent . 
  great rebuttal , right ? 
   you seem to harbor some sort of anti-american feelings that make you unreasonable in these regards . 
  ca n't say i 'm surprised . 
  i believe that i am rather well informed on the goings on in their judicial and penal systems and my sentiments stem fully from that information . 
  it 's good to hate something if it 's objectively bad . 
   this is naive and idealistic . 
  the point of the justice system is to remove anti-social individuals from society . 
  doing so is already a net positive to society . 
  we do not owe it to anyone to spend large amounts of resources to convince people to not rape , murder and kill others . 
  if they want to be rehabbed , 99 % of the burden falls on them . 
  that is pragmatic and wise . 
  rehabilitation is aiming at removing anti-social individuals up to that point where they are harmful . 
  he is not harmful any more . 
   no we ca n't . 
  someone else posted comments of his that clearly shown that not only is he not sorry or regret what he did , he thinks it is not serious and is arrogant about it . 
  unless you have source that is hearsay . 
  while the fact is , he has not been accused of any further child rape in the past 38 years . 
   it is beyond me how you can think that punishing a convicted , child rapist serves little purpose . 
  terrifying to be honest . 
  as i stated numerous times , i believe punishments have to be aimed at assuring the person does n't commit the crime again . 
  he has shown that he poses no treat of committing the crime again , therefore incarceration is n't necessary . 
  -- now , throughout your entire comment you have derided me in almost every paragraph . 
  either start acting like a civilized human being , or do n't bother to respond at all , because i refuse to engage with such vile human being . 
  true . 
  i solely refuted your claim that they were n't rich . 
   out of curiosity , what is your experience or credentials to call the us justice system inhumane and insane ? 
  reading news , watching documentaries , wikipedia , etc. 
  for example mandatory sentencing laws are completely barbaric . 
   my 2 cents is that your political views are so leftist that you do n't see that a reasonable person could not call the whole justice system so bad and `` insane '' that he would rather let a unapologetic , arrogant child rapist walk freely . 
  i generally vote centre-right . 
  and i do n't want to let him go free , i think he should be sentenced in europe on behalf of the us . 
   also , just out of curiosity , how would you have punished him if it was 100 % up to you ? 
  that 's a * though * question . 
  i would have to ascertain how it affected and traumatized the victim . 
  there is the mitigating factor that he was on drugs and thus it was n't a premeditated crime . 
  depending on the victim , somewhere between 5 to 10 years in prison . 
  but absolutely * not * in a us prison , where he 'll get raped and shivved . 
  nobody deserves to be sentenced to a us prison . 
  however , that should have happened 38 years ago . 
  since i believe the justice system has to be aimed at rehabilitation not retribution , i think we can all agree that this man has learned his lesson and wo n't reoffend . 
  so locking him up serves little purpose even if the victim does n't want to pursue him any longer . 
  netherlands , belgium , luxembourg , denmark and sweden are all extremely rich . 
   nobody put him on trial for shit , he 's still making movies , i am by no means a 100 % familiar with polanski 's case , however , the article indicates thus :  after friday 's decision , olszewski said : `` this is a european victory . 
  the americans breached seven or eight paragraphs of the european convention which , among other things , protects europeans from being prosecuted twice for the same crime . '' so probably european countries believe he has already been persecuted for the crime . 
   you 're just protecting a child rapist . 
  you can say a lot about me , but i really try not to be a hypocrite . 
  i think extradition to the us is inhumane and it matters not if he 's a jaywalker or child rapist . 
  i am protecting a human being . 
  to me , that 's what it means to be a humanist . 
   in my hypothetical scenario , no probably not . 
  because the scenario is based on your principal that the laws of other nations should not be respected . 
  that is not what i said . 
  i said i am against extradition to the us , because your judicial and penal systems are inhumane and insane . 
  i fully expect all people to respect us laws when in the us . 
  and if they get caught there , they are at your mercy . 
  however , if you do n't manage to catch them , i am fully against extradition . 
  if we can avoid inhumanity , i say we should . 
  we will put them on trial in our country for you , however . 
  that 's how much we respect your laws . 
  a judge also ca n't say to people they 'll just serve 42 days before the sentencing , can he ? 
  i did n't say his claim was valid , only that there was some validity to it . 
  i 'm simply pointing out a lot went wrong in that court . 
  from the article :  after friday 's decision , olszewski said : `` this is a european victory . 
  the americans breached seven or eight paragraphs of the european convention which , among other things , protects europeans from being prosecuted twice for the same crime . ''  the swiss and now polish courts have set out to show up californian justice as implacable , disingenuous and a little inept . 
   after friday 's decision , olszewski said : `` this is a european victory . 
  the americans breached seven or eight paragraphs of the european convention which , among other things , protects europeans from being prosecuted twice for the same crime . '' --  the swiss and now polish courts have set out to show up californian justice as implacable , disingenuous and a little inept . 
  again , i 'm not defending him , i 'm just diametrically opposed to extradition to the us , because their justice and penal system is inhumane and insane . 
  i almost upvoted you because you made me laugh out loud there . 
  interesting , thanks for the source . 
  it says :  polanski 's lawyers have said that private conversations with the judge led them to believe that the prison time would serve as his punishment . 
  so there 's still some validity to his claim that he served his sentence . 
  it all seems like a total blunder of the us justice system . 
  i 'm not polish . 
  i 'm just a humanist . 
  hehe , it 's always nice to end a discussion by one side confirming it 's bat shit crazy . 
  yes : [ wordreference dictionary ] ( http://www.wordreference.com/fren/m%c3%a9tropole ) . 
  you can say both mainland and metropolitan . 
  but not m\u00e9tropole , that 's french . 
   nop in english , you say `` nope '' . 
   some shithole backwater i 'd wager . 
  so , let me get this straight : because you do n't recognize the name of the place i 'm from , you assume it 's a shithole backwater , and because you assume it 's a shithole backwater , you believe my opinions should be ignored ? 
   no they are seperate things . 
  punishment comes first .
