  you 're deluded , in my opinion . 
  the reasons they are using the dollar are the same why they wo n't be using this new currency any more then they are using the ruble . 
  you also do n't appear to be very bright . 
   in an interview with the catalan news agency , the prime minister of latvia , valdis dombrovskis , stated that the ` catalan way towards independence ' human chain is a `` powerful signal '' that is `` worth paying attention to '' . 
  he was referring to the 400-kilometre human chain requesting independence from spain , which spanned catalonia from north to south on wednesday and finally gathered 1.6 million people according to the catalan police . 
  http://www.vilaweb.cat/noticia/4143709/20130913/the-prime-minister-of-latvia-does-not-see-an-issue-in-recognising-catalonia-if-it-reaches-independence-in-legitimate-way.html i do n't think your feelings on the matter are as universal as you claim . 
  that all is questionable . 
  there has been some eu politicians saying that catalans are eu citizens , and would remain so even through independence from spain . 
  all this is debatable , because it has never happened before like this . 
  i 'm sorry , i 'm using the term `` eastern europe '' to refer to the former soviet bloc and and other former socialist countries in europe like yugoslavia . 
  and france will have to face a decision whether to oppress an ethnic minority and possibly cause a small humanitarian catastrophe , or not . 
  velvet divorce was to show you how easy it is to separate electrical grids , water sources and the like . 
  which it was . 
  look through this thread , there are links to at least 3 more countries supporting the catalans . 
  and as i outlined , countries like poland , hungary , czech republic , slovakia , the baltics etc. 
  had to fight for their independence as well , thus might be inclined to support the catalans , and are far enough from spain that there 's very little trade between those countries , so they might not really care much . 
  the chances are that yes , catalonia can operate electrical grid separately . 
  if they lack enough power plants on their territory , they can buy power from france . 
  there 's an even higher probability that they do indeed have enough sources of fresh water , since those are n't usually taken from afar ( exception being los angeles for example ) . 
  you seem to think that this would be the first country to split in two in the history . 
  splitting a country can be a very painless process , see the [ velvet divorce ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dissolution_of_czechoslovakia ) , for example . 
  i 'm talking about the czech republic , which had to fight for its independence from austria-hungary . 
  thus i ca n't not support the catalans in the same fight . 
  waaaait , france is redrawing r\u00e9gions ?? 
  i just learned them all through anki , damned !, 
  why are you changing them ? 
  as precedented by many countries that have split , the infrastructure belongs to the country of which territory it exists on . 
  like in the dissolution of czechoslovakia . 
  so no , in case of declaration of independence , catalans will be using catalan infrastructure . 
  they paid for it themselves with taxes anyhow . 
  spain is practically inconsequential to the strength of nato . 
  both our countries had to win their independence to exist and i refuse to be a hypocrite . 
  yes , i am for independence of all those entities , if they wish it for themselves . 
  the relative plight of estonians and catalans in their respective countries is inconsequential , if the people want independence , they should n't be denied it . 
  what the fuck , that 's really screwed up !, 
  ok then , i retract , you were right . 
  i mean ... of course ? 
  oh , if you meant they will consult each other , then , sure , why not ? 
  who cares ? 
  the fact of the matter is , and i do n't think you could possibly disagree , that any military action is completely out of the question . 
  and the fact they consulted on something does n't mean the czech republic and other countries would have to not recognize catalonia . 
  i hope poland , with it 's long history of being oppressed and having to fight for its very existence would be among the countries that do so . 
  military action against ethnic minority in western europe is absolutely politically inconceivable in 2015 . 
  i believe you are who 's mistaken . 
  if spain did that , the entire western world would get on the side of catalonia . 
  denying people tho right of self determination can be viewed as oppression by itself . 
  also language issues you yourself mentioned . 
  as a member of the czech nation that was denied self determination for centuries , i support catalonians fully . 
  how can you not support them , given that estonia itself had to fight for its independence from russia so recently ? 
  because many people have browser extensions that beep immediately after you get a new message on reddit . 
  it 's pretty awesome , you do n't have to keep checking if you 've got any responses . 
  there 's absolutely no way in hell spain uses nato against catalonia . 
  the downvote came only * seconds * after i posed the comment , so it seemed like it was you . 
  but since then it came to light the spaniards here are n't keen on hearing dissenting opinions and are downvoting almost everything , so i 'm sorry . 
  if you 're honestly asking , no , `` inform '' would not be a better word , both are * incredibly * smug and condescending . 
  unless you are an eu diplomat yourself , you ca n't present your opinions as the absolute fact of how the eu diplomacy works . 
  you can tell me how you believe eu diplomacy works , and that 's perfectly fine , but being smug like this will only get you negative responses . 
  i was taking eu diplomacy into account , i just have a different opinion on how it works . 
  and neither of one can be proven correct , since this situation has never arisen in the history of the eu . 
   i also tried enlightening you about how eu diplomacy works ... 
  to me his post came off very arrogant and disrespective of the other side . 
  he does present it in a smug way of `` this is how it works , deal with it '' . 
  i do n't like this sort of thing , so i will always object to it , but you 're free to disagree with me . 
  by significant reform , the eurozone could come closer to optimum currency area , but i do n't think it could ever achieve it . 
  with the reforms , however , it can actually be a viable long term currency . 
  so far though , it 's a failure . 
  in what events could they get majority of seats and not majority of votes ? 
  perhaps if you scrap the votes of small parties that did n't make it into the parliament ? 
  but then are you sure all those small parties are against independence ? 
  and if people know that the results of the elections will be interpreted as referendum on independence , why would they risk voting the small parties that wo n't make the cut , if they really cared about the issue ? 
  i do n't see any explanation in the other posts about this . 
  by `` being friendly '' i meant indeed recognition of independence , which is my opinion . 
  i do n't think spain can really hurt these countries in any way for doing that , neither millitarily nor economically , so ally or no ally , self determination of people in europe should be followed . 
  that 's how my country started , and i 'm not about to start being a hypocrite . 
  of course !, 
  but there are multitude of countries that have no break-away regions . 
  like all the unitary ethnically homogenous countries in the world . 
  many of which , like poland , czech republic , slovakia , hungary , baltics , etc. 
  have a history of being oppressed peoples themselves , and thus will likely be friendly towards catalonians , since they had to fight ( sometimes with blood ) for their independence too . 
  also , spain is too far away and too inconsequential to many of these countries to really care . 
  no no no , do n't misunderstand me . 
  i do n't want to say there 's something shady about ecb being focused on the german economy and solving its problems primarily . 
  ( though i might have worded it badly so it came off that way . ), 
  the problem is , eurozone is too varied , too large , so the ecb * has to * focus on the core of the eurozone -- mainly germany -- because focusing on any of the peripheries ( say spain ) would hurt all other eurozone economies even worse then focusing on the core . 
  in economic speak , the eurozone is * not * an optimum currency area . 
  because euro has a great multitude of problems associated with it , some of which apply directly to estonia . 
  that is to say , there 's more than one way to get fucked by the euro . 
  if you 're interested further , this [ milton friedman article ] ( http://www.project-syndicate.org/commentary/the-euro--monetary-unity-to-political-disunity ) is a good start . 
  great , now that you recognize all this is only your opinion , i shall inform you that my opinion is contrary to yours for the reasons i outlined and many more . 
  only time can tell . 
  sometimes honesty is the best medicine . 
  you ca n't use the lower band , you have to use the average . 
  using the lower band is biased . 
  edit : also , it is important to note that your entire post is downright nonsensical :  if they manage to get the independence with less than the 50 % of the votes as those polls say , it will be an amazing feat , certainly . 
  the poll might have a probability band of how the people will likely vote , but the elections are n't * guessed * , they are meticulously counted . 
  independence will be declared if and only if they get over 50 % of the votes . 
  i never said all of them would , but indeed many might , including but limited to the ones you listed . 
  well , the germans have the ecb in their pocket , so whatever economic problems germany is facing , the ecb will be solving . 
  so they wo n't be that affected , compared to other countries . 
  i did n't say eu countries wo n't recognize it , i 'm just stating what other countries might want to recognize catalonia .
