  that 's not what fiscal union means exactly . 
  fiscal union in this context means that rich countries give money each year to poor countries . 
  the countries themselves then can have their own local fiscal policies with that money . 
  sure their policy options will be somewhat limited , but not that much . 
  same as with california donating money to mississippi each year in the us through the federal budget . 
  but this is n't politically realistic in europe , so euro has to go most likely . 
  that 's not really an issue . 
  yes we are * economically * tied to germany quite a lot , but not * monetarily * . 
  so yeah , the eurozone can make whatever internal policies that they please , but that does n't affect as very much . 
  the main effect will be , if eurozone is n't doing well , they wo n't buy our products . 
  but that link will be there no matter the currency . 
  the issues important to us non-monetary members will be handled by the eu still . 
  deficit spending is not the main lure of exiting the eurozone . 
  rather it 's adjusting the exchange rate and thus hugely stimulating the economy and actually starting to grow , instead of being left behind in the dust behind germany . 
  amen : - /, 
  but because nobody would believe the country ( unless it was germany ) that it would indeed stick to a stricter fiscal discipline and monetary policy , it would n't work !, 
  because by far the important thing is the population 's * belief * if the country will be able to withstand its promises . 
  and even with france , everyone would just remember * nuveau franc * and the comparatively huge inflation compared to germany . 
  so , even if you fix internal balances , even if you have sound policies on the books , everything going for you , unless you 're germany , euro-exit will * fuck you up * . 
  the only way a euro-exit could be relatively less painful is if the euro was abandoned all at once by all countries ( because people could n't hold onto euros any more ) . 
  it 's a completely shitty situation for everybody around . 
  i sympathize with you . 
  : - / i 'm hoping the euro falls as fast as possible for everybody 's sake . 
  and i used to be such an euro-idealist when younger , it seemed such a great idea . 
  but we got this instead . 
  you misunderstand me . 
  this is not about the trouble the country is in to start with . 
  this is about the fact that euro-exit will magnify every problem by a factor of 50 , and create a huge host of new very grave issues !, 
  the starting position is almost irrelevant . 
  there are no preparations you can make to make an euro-exit painless * . 
  it 'll hurt like hell for almost every country . 
  it has not been designed as irreversible . 
  it * is * irreversible because of what the euro * is * -- a monetary union spanning wide range of relatively rich and poor countries . 
  it could not have been designed as reversible unfortunately . 
  \\* the only country in the eurozone that can exit the euro painlessly is germany . 
  because everyone would believe in the deutsche mark * more * than in the euro . 
  even if france tried to exit , people would rather hold euros ( assuming germany was still in the eurozone ) than francs and that would start off a huge economic problems for the exit . 
  oh , ok , i found only this image , no others . 
  i guess i suck at googling flags , 
  actually , the fact that indeed you make 30 % less money as you say is the reason why everyone else in the eurozone is fucked !, 
  because nobody can compete with highly skilled german workers that are so incredibly cheap !, 
  even france is struggling to compete , because their wages are much higher than yours , and thus their industry , services , everything suffers !, 
  i challenge you to find even a single economist that thinks a euro-exit does n't have to ruin the economy . 
  even a single one . 
  most economists i 've read believe that when a country will be exiting the euro , it 'll be because the country is in trouble , e.g. 
  greece/italy / ... and in that case , the people know that the new currency will do much worse than the euro , and you 'll have to * force * them to use the new one . 
  which will create huge problems , like an enormous black economy and other issues . 
  and that 's just one aspect of the enormous problems that come with a euro-exit . 
  also , now i do n't mean a eurotax , i mean a fiscal union , the implementation is completely irrelevant . 
  what fiscal union means is that money from rich countries will be given each year to poor countries , such as california gives money to mississippi each year through the federal government . 
  and i know this is hugely unpopular among europeans , but unfortunately it * absolutely is necessary * for the euro to work . 
  there 's is no real discussion about this among experts , it 's just a plain fact . 
  actually , through googling i 've only found [ eu-state-germany ] ( http://cache3.asset-cache.net/gc/467593060-visitors-with-umbrella-stand-near-the-flags-gettyimages.jpg?v=1&amp;c=iwsasset&amp;k=2&amp;d=gkzz8bf5zl1ziijumxa7qvfyeiwmnftdreqk2c0msd7nit%2bowbglttr9xdavwqxaa5wrkb6%2f%2fp8egs09fbxv0g%3d%3d ) , which is interesting , because i think the most important flag belongs in the middle . 
  so i guess states are more important than the federation to the germans ? 
  i think one of the really surprising benefits of the eu is that now all mobile phones have the [ same universal charger ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2580597/all-mobile-phones-eu-charger-european-parliament-votes-law-attempt-cut-electronic-clutter.html ) !, 
  interesting . 
  can i ask what order are those flags flown in ? 
  i 'm thinking eu-germany-state ? 
  i love when a form needs both `` country '' and `` state '' filled . 
  since i live in a centralized country , i also make shit up for the state field , 
  a `` temporary exit '' of the euro is an oxymoron . 
  to exit an euro you completely ruin your economy for half a decade or more . 
  nobody would return to it after that . 
  and no matter how you overhaul the euro , it * has * to contain a * fiscal union * to work . 
  a lack of a fiscal union is by far the main thing that 's wrong with the euro . 
  i see . 
  and the politicians are keeping their fingers in their ears . 
  so it goes . 
  yes , paranoid people do behave in a paranoid way . 
  what i 'm saying is , they have the right to be paranoid right now . 
  it can only be used for the eurozone countries . 
  so either non-euro countries would n't vote on particular issues in the european parliament , or a new eurozone parliament would be created . 
  people say two-speed europe , but i think it 'll be the non-eurozone countries that will go faster , so i do n't think anybody will object to this arrangement . 
  well it kinda makes sense if you think about it . 
  the euro as it is now is absolutely unsustainable , as economists have been saying since the 1980s . 
  so this way , either a ) the eurozone is made into a fiscal union as well as a monetary one , in which case it will be sustainable , or b ) the euro is abandoned . 
  both solve the problematic situation . 
  has the majority been for reducing immigration just recently , or longer ? 
  to be honest , since they 're one of the two or three main entry points to the contiguous schengen area , and hundreds of thousands of migrants are crossing their borders almost monthly , they do have the right to be somewhat paranoid . 
  technically , there are roughly only 7.4 billions of people on this planet . 
  so , if we can fit them all , they 'll stop coming !, 
  the end 's in sight !, 
  why should they leave the eu ? 
  i was practising my cyrillic reading skills and that '' \u045b '' got me very confused !, 
  meme song even !, 
  [ everyone 's a little bit racist !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmeu_szhz6e ), 
  do n't worry , they 're limiting and deporting non-eu migrants first , because they have quotas with the eu about eu migrants and do n't really want to go against that ( so far ) . 
  or at least so i gathered from genevois newspapers when i was over there . 
  same here . 
  such a great writer , hope he reconsiders . 
  yes , exactly . 
  the fact that you 're mocking the feeling of a nation suggests you really do n't know history very well . 
  a nation that felt humiliated like this last time started the deadliest war known to man . 
  exactly , i do n't think the un is stopping anybody . 
  i think supporting such a plan in generally leftist europe is a political suicide , and thus very few politicians are willing to step up to it . 
  yeah , you can and you should . 
  lessons from history are the only thing stopping us from repeating it . 
  it 's not about the form of the debt , it 's about how we 're treating the nation . 
  both german nation after ww1 and greece nation now feel humiliated by the european powers , as they should , because they were humiliated .
