  but the vast majority of them then leaves for germany . 
   apple is worth more than some eastern european countries . 
  that intrigued me . 
  we ca n't really say what 's the `` worth '' of a country , what we * can * do is compare revenue ( the money that circulates in a company in a year ) and gdp ( the money that circulates in a country in a year ) . 
  in 2014 apple revenue was $ 182.795 billion . 
  and the gdp of the czech republic was $ 180.789 billion , so roughly the same !, 
  and cr is the richest eastern european country and has 10.5 million inhabitants !, 
  that 's bloody crazy !, 
  it 's a language problem , basically . 
  all english speaking countries important to europe ( uk , ireland , usa ) use imperial units for all or some of their measurements . 
  all other european countries use the right units , but not the `` right '' language to share articles on this sub . 
  if you watch the video the car actually switches lanes , overtakes and so on . 
  so it 's probably fully autonomous , but only on the highways . 
  well , that 's the problem , is n't it . 
  people have voted for center-right government , but merkel has decided to actually do left-wing governance instead . 
  that 's kind of a problem . 
  can you please show me some source on that ? 
  because as far as i know you have * registered * more refugees per capita ( in accordance with the dublin regulations ) , but the vast majority of those refugees than left for germany . 
  i 'm not a scholar on islam , so i can not answer that . 
  but for instance i consider a muslim to be extremist if he beliefs that suicide bombing is justifiable in defending islam . 
  turn to chapter 2 ( page 5 ) of the report , and you 'll be surprised with the numbers . 
  those numbers are wholly incomparable to christians or any other religion . 
  and i consider those people to be a danger to european society and security . 
  well , you were [ defending merkel ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3nebjx/getting_rid_of_misinformation_regarding_merkel/ ) that she in fact did n't invite the refugees . 
  that to me suggests you 're a bit blinded as to the actual facts of the matter , as i expressed in the comments . 
  but anyway , your opinion is as valuable as anyone else 's , i 'm just saying i do n't think you 're the proverbial `` average german '' . 
  hi frankonia , i 'm sorry , but you 're not the most objective person on this topic , not that that 's inherently bad . 
  you 're ruining the joke . 
   the people leaving in droves are not islamist , just normal everyday people who happen to grow up believing in islam , rather than judaism , christianity , hinduism , etc. 
  studies show that that is not true , that there are actually between 15 and 25 % of radical islamists within general muslim population . 
  and the rest can be radicalised by salafist/wahabist priests funded by saudi arabia , as is already happening throughout europe and the world . 
   it is n't racist , but there has been a lot of nasty discussion of how islamic people are the wrong sort of immigrant who will ruin europe 's culture . 
  i do n't see much difference in stereotyping and fear mongering over a person 's religion or race . 
  have you then considered the possibility that you do n't know enough facts about islam ? 
  for instance how many muslims want sharia to be the official law of their country ? 
  or how many think suicide bombing is justifiable when defending islam ( chapter 2 of the study ) ? 
  i suggest this study as a good starting point : http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-beliefs-about-sharia/, 
   the biggest long term consequences is that europe and germany in particular just becomes a little browner ? 
  please stop trying to paint the discontent as racist . 
  that was never the case . 
  the concern is that europe will become a lot more islamist . 
  and given how well islamist countries are doing , i do n't think that shift is in any way good . 
  donald trump for bundeskanzler !, 
  ... because you 're not a german citizen as he said ? 
  and refugees are n't by and large heading to your country ? 
  while you 're perfectly fine with angela merkel in it . 
  no , i 'm just done . 
  edit : just because i still have some belief in humanity : next time if you hear someone say something you believe to be incorrect , you have two choices : you can either say that he 's a liar , or you can say that he 's mistaken . 
  that 's the difference between you , and a civil discourse . 
  here 's a copy of the edited part of my last comment that you might have missed : wiki says `` the euro was established by the provisions in the 1992 maastricht treaty , '' formally known as the `` treaty on european union '' . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maastricht_treaty that 's a pretty official conclusion to this point i think . 
  but , since you * really * wo n't engage in a civil discussion , i 'm done . 
  good day to you too . 
   they may not have been called the `` eurozone '' officially at the time they were designing the euro , but it was the same constituent member nations ... great , so we can agree it was certainly not the fault of the eurozone . 
   it was certainly never even close to being designed `` by the eu '' , as you said yourself . 
  that i certainly do n't agree with . 
  it was n't created by all eu members , that is true , but the very idea of the euro was always closely tied to the eu , it was designed to work within the eu framework and it was always closely tied with eu institutions . 
  the eurozone does n't have any of its own institutions , but rather uses eu institutions like the european parliament , commission and council . 
  therefore i think it 's justified in saying that the euro was mostly designed by the eu and large group of its members . 
  edit : wiki says `` the euro was established by the provisions in the 1992 maastricht treaty , '' formally known as the `` treaty on european union '' . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maastricht_treaty that 's a pretty official conclusion to this point i think . 
   again , i 'm sorry you feel that way . 
  your latest comment was alright , so there 's hope yet . 
  again :  in 1998 eleven member states of the european union had met the euro convergence criteria , and the ** eurozone came into existence with the official launch of the euro ** ( alongside national currencies ) on 1 january 1999 . 
  the eurozone could n't have created the euro if it `` came into existence with the official launch of the euro '' . 
  you absolutely are n't being civil , you 're being passive-aggressive and very pushy . 
   the eurozone = the constituent members of the euro ...  please . 
  this is getting tiring . 
   so you admit it was not the eu then ? 
   how do you not understand this ? 
  when the encyclopedia disagrees with you , yet you keep pushing your point and wo n't commit to a civil discussion , i do n't think it 's worth discussing further . 
   no , the eurozone designed the euro . 
  britain and other non-euro countries had no input on it . 
   please stop conflating the two ...  now i ask again , how was the euro crisis caused by the eu ? 
  that 's incorrect , because the `` eurozone '' was actually created at the same time as the euro . 
  please stop accusing me of things you 're actually culpable of , it 's very arrogant . 
    in 1998 eleven member states of the european union had met the euro convergence criteria , and the eurozone came into existence with the official launch of the euro ( alongside national currencies ) on 1 january 1999 . 
  from : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eurozone  that is a straight up lie . 
  no one except the eu is helping greece ... 
  please let 's have a civil discussion and not try to bully each other into submission . 
  the fact that no one is currently helping greece with border protection does n't in no way mean that they would n't if greece asked for that . 
  greece so far has n't . 
   so you only care for yourself then , not countries like ukraine ? 
  i care about ukraine , and i think nato should help them . 
  no need for eu for that . 
   how ? 
  this seems like bullshit to me . 
  could you explain ? 
  well , it was caused by the eu , because eu designed the euro currency , and they designed it * really badly * . 
  there 's a complete consensus between economists that the euro was created so badly , it * had * to lead to numerous crisis . 
  and the greek crisis is a direct result from the way euro was designed . 
   i do n't know how you came to this conclusion . 
  if the eu died tomorrow , the outer countries of the eu would be feeling the full force of the migration crisis with none of the subsidies or frontex support . 
  they would be flooded with migrants , who are then free to continue their journey to the rest of europe . 
  look at hungary , they 're perfectly capable of defending their borders . 
  if greece asked , most countries would be very willing to help with border protection with or without the eu . 
  and again , if the eu/schengen fell , migrants would not be free to continue their journey to the rest of europe . 
   the eu is the only pan-european institution which can open up diplomatic connections with russia . 
  nato can not do this , this is quite blatantly obvious ... that does n't really matter . 
  as long as we have nato , russia simply ca n't attack us nato members .
