  they 'll try every other way to get to the congruous eu and if they fail , they 'll return to greece . 
  they do n't want to stay in serbia , do n't worry . 
  hehehe . 
  mental retardation people , beware !, 
  they never entered hungary , so they 're not being returned . 
  they are processing them on the border . 
  hungary , following international law and getting criticized for it ... again . 
  well , it 's possible if unlikely they could destroy the fence even when the army is guarding it from behind , but i do n't think they 'll even try . 
  sure . 
  so 2000 soldiers on each 1km of the border ? 
  i am not disputing that rubber bullets hurt , but if there 's one guy shooting rubber bullets against 200 angry people , 200 angry people will win . 
  and anyway , their basic strategy is to go around , the border is very long . 
  and all because of one sandwich . 
  lol . 
  the agreement was made before anyone really knew how euro worked . 
  it 's perfectly alright to not honor that agreement when euro turned out to be so bad . 
  if the rest of the eu will want these 10 or so countries out of the eu because of of that , no problem . 
  but norway has absolutely no say to that at all . 
  i have no idea why a norwegian is telling eu countries what they can and can not do . 
  ask your friends in sweden , they have already said that they wo n't adopt the euro , just like us , and they have signed the same agreements . 
  [ actually you can . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opt-outs_in_the_european_union ), 
  i think i am just quoting some article i read about it , i believe they used the word refreshment . 
  i hope we do call their bluff . 
  serbia is a safe country , they are just a bunch of entitled assholes . 
  well so far i think serbian stance is to build refreshment camps near the border to allow the refugees to pressure the border indefinitively hoping hungary will budge . 
  well , using non lethal force has no effect practically , and if you actually started shooting -- your only real advantage -- it would be an enormous international scandal , you could kiss eu membership goodbye and so on . 
  yeah sure , you can try to make them stay in the no-mans land with your army . 
  sadly it 's been very plainly demonstrated that without a fence and without willing to actually kill them , you ca n't really stop them , they 're too many . 
  absolutely !, 
  and you * are * letting them leave . 
  but sadly , they ca n't leave to hungary any more thanks to the fence . 
  well , it 's not like most central banks in the world are competent , including the ecb . 
  :-d seriously though , we wo n't be switching to the euro , forget about it . 
  of course not !, 
  but to be able to * not * keep them in your country , you have to deport them somewhere . 
  so you have to first persuade some country to accept them . 
  there 's no other way ... unless you want to kill them of course . 
  you mean the yugoslav wars ? 
  that was n't really eu 's fault . 
  well , you can try to return them to the country they visited before yours -- macedonia , not bulgaria in vast number of cases -- but they really have no obligation to take them . 
  you can stop someone from entering your country ( fence ) , but it 's hard to return them , the country must agree to it . 
  but the point is , thanks to the fence , they ca n't enter hungary and eu . 
  they are on your territory , so they are your responsibility . 
  eu is n't magically responsible for every illegal migrant anywhere in the world , just on eu territory . 
  we entered an agreement that we will join sometime in the future * if * we fulfill the criteria . 
  so if we never fulfill those criteria , we 're never obliged to join as far as i can tell . 
   `` if they want to send them back , they 'll have to send them back to greece . 
  that was the first country of entry into the eu . 
  we will not accept them even at the price of serbia deploying soldiers to its border . '', 
  well , since they wo n't be able to cross the fence and since the transit area does n't count as entering hungary , they wo n't be technically leaving serbia . 
  but if you really deploy soldiers and wo n't let the people from the transit area back , they 'll simply do the interviews exactly on the border , so the interviewer is standing in hungary while the interviewee is standing in serbia . 
  and you wo n't be able to do anything about that . 
  also , leave your ignorant remarks to yourself . 
  they simply stop people from serbia from illegally entering hungary . 
  well , if we czechs know one thing , it 's how to drink !, 
  as far as i can tell that 's before the fence was finished or it 's a different fence . 
  well , serbia has no right to push somebody to a different country . 
  and they wo n't have the way either , because there 's a fence . 
  they can tear down the fence , but that will probably be counted as an act of aggression and hungary will take action , possibly even calling in nato since its territorial integrity would be under threat . 
  it 's just classical serbian posturing . 
  well , call me crazy , but native speakers ca n't make objective judgments on this . 
  behold the president of our proud nation . 
  :-d also , here 's an [ actual report ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=apxdt9lcyxk ) on the event , if anyone 's interested . 
  pretty funny by itself !, 
  well , first , it 's actually very easy to * not * fulfill the requirements on purpose -- without any real adverse effects . 
  and second , they would have to force sweden , poland , hungary , bulgaria , romania and croatia . 
  let 's say i 'm not at all worried . 
  but it only shows that really , german is by far the harshest even if they really try hard to make it appear the other way . 
  nobody fucks with the mama bear !, 
  that all comes with massive immigration , there 's a reason why the us has to do that . 
  well , until you show at least one exception where a private entity ( not the military ) can own them , you have n't proven anything actually . 
  [ south park already did it !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/free_willzyx ) except with a whale . 
  yeah , i 'm thinking the hungarian fence could end up like the one in the walking dead when they were staying at the prison . 
  and i think it 's beginning to be very plainly obvious that the willingness to federalize has been vastly overestimated by brussels in the first place . 
  despite the quite sensational title , that is a very interesting video . 
  the interviewee has really good points on all of the 3 crises facing the eu right now : immigration , the euro and brexit . 
  documentaries do n't count though ... 
  i wanted to crack a joke about another successful demining , but seriously those people are incredibly brave . 
  i ca n't imagine doing what they do . 
  they deserve unfading respect . 
  well , that 's * literally * what hitler did !, 
  hitler also coughed tho , so everyone be on the lookout for that !, 
  lastly , here 's an awesome webcomic on [ hitler on the internet ] ( http://www.bugmartini.com/comic/world-flame-war-ii/ ) . 
  so , if i 'm reading you correctly , you 're suggesting we put the migrants on the moon ?!, 
  that 's awesome !, 
  only when they thought they would n't or could n't actually come all the way to germoney . 
  that looks so surreal . 
  ah , that 's why . 
  i heard so many times they were changing yugo states to safe i thought it was already done -- which it * really * should be . 
  let 's hope they hurry up , there 's certainly consensus for that . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm not infallible , but comments like `` nope . 
  you 're wrong . '', 
  really serve no useful purpose . 
  i tried looking up the numbers , but could n't find anything since i do n't speak german . 
  i thought yugo citizens were turned away right after entering , i guess not . 
  anyhoo , with 87 % being muslim the comments we exchanged apply . 
  hehehe .
