  ad taxes , yes , greeks are bad at harvesting taxes , but they can go to the old way of financing small parts of the budget by printing money . 
  it has worked for them for almost half a century before and they were doing ok . 
  it is , germany underwent lower internal inflation than greece the past 15 years on the euro , because germans were used to living in a low-inflation environment ( the german mark was always extremely stable ) and demanded less pay rises . 
  whereas greeks were used to living in a high inflation environment ( their government financed the budget by printing money ) , so they demanded wage increases as usual . 
  which lead to a state where greece is completely uncompetitive and germany outsells it in everything . 
  source : http://www.cer.org.uk/insights/eurozones-ruinous-embrace-competitive-devaluation ( it 's an economics article , so it might be difficult to read ), 
  necessity is the mother of invention . 
  no one is saying the transition will be easy . 
  but it 's their only bright future . 
  great , so they will import less and export more thus immensely stimulating their own economy . 
   default means they do n't pay . 
  yes . 
  it does n't make the debt disappear . 
  if they do n't acknowledge the debt and are not willing to pay it , it is for all intents and purposes non-existent . 
  they will just be locked out of the international financial markets , which for greece is probably a big long term plus . 
   i was referring to the other direction : the us does n't allow its citiziens to visit cuba . 
  yeah , it does now -- have you seen that conan episode ? 
  it did not allow it for a long time , but that was because of the cold war ( and then remnants thereof ) , which is a situation absolutely incomparable to that of the eu and greece . 
  i 'm 100 % confident eu will not make any limitations on tourism . 
  the entire continent would form a protest at once . 
   how democratic will greece still be in a year 's time ? 
  that 's exactly why eu will claw it 's eyes out before forcing greece out of the eu . 
  better to guide and control it from the inside , than start arming against it from the outside . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_sanctions_during_the_ukrainian_crisis#third_round_of_sanctions[1] first off , those are selective bans , many companies are still trading with russia even through the sanctions . 
  including the us , which is buying rocket engines from the russians -- just an example . 
  and secondly , these sanctions are done because of aggression on part of these countries , not because they defaulted on debt . 
  there were no economic sanctions for argentina . 
   the price tag , if greece gets away with it , could extend to spain and several other countries ' debts . 
   which would be trillions of euros . 
  obviously not . 
  first off , it 'll be clear that to do this , you need to leave the eurozone , which spaniards do n't and wo n't want to do . 
  and secondly , spain 's and other countries ' debts are n't owned by the eurozone governments like greece 's debt is , so their default would hurt banks , but not the countries . 
  except you can build infrastructure from saved funds instead . 
  so say instead of buying a washing machine on a credit card , you save for a few months and buy it then . 
  i admit it will slow down infrastructure build-up initially , until they manage to build a money pile from which to finance these things , but after that they 'll be much better off . 
  because they wo n't have to pay interest on that money , instead they 'll be getting interest themselves for it . 
   the amount that is written down depends on how much the country can afford . 
  greece can afford close to 80 % at least , so the lenders wo n't agree to write down much more . 
  i think you * still * misunderstand what default means . 
  what you are describing is debt restructuring . 
  default means they do n't pay altogether . 
  debt restructuring is what greece has been calling for the entire time . 
  debt default is what they might do instead . 
  and the amount that is written off in a debt restructuring depends * only * on what the parties negotiate , not on what the debt is , or the population density , for the matter . 
      can you give me examples of countries that disallowed its own citizens from visiting other countries ? 
   already mentioned one : cuba . 
  you mentioned cuba , but in a completely different context . 
  and no , cuba is not a good example , cuba allows it 's people to visit other countries , they just are n't allowed to come back . 
  also , cuba is a bloody dictatorship , i hope you do n't think the same could ever be adopted by a democratic country . 
   russia , iran , and several other countries . 
  russia , iran and even the `` several other countries '' do business with the world . 
  what do you mean ? 
   depends on the price tag . 
  there 's always a trade off . 
  the price tag is roughly 2 % of one annual budget of the eurozone members . 
  so not really big . 
  so you admit you * were * misinformed about what `` default '' means right ? 
   kinda , only worse . 
  argentina was much poorer , much lower population density , natural resource , much less reliant on imports , and the default happened during a time when brazil experienced high growth . 
  what does population density of all things have to do with any of this ? 
   argentina 's debt before the default was 5 times too high compared to what was viable . 
  greece 's debt is at most 25 % too high . 
  because it has already been adjusted to fit its situation . 
  so what you 're saying is they are 25 times better off than argentina before the default ? 
  well then , that 's good . 
   you seem to think the ecb/imf can do nothing to enforce the terms of the contracts . 
  or the collateral of the ela . 
  yes , greece is a sovereign country , and they have only extremely limited ways of extracting that money . 
  that 's why argentina paid so very little . 
   example : what happens if no european tourists can come to greece ? 
  can you give me examples of countries that disallowed its own citizens from visiting other countries ? 
  i 'm 100 % positive eu wo n't ban european citizens from visiting greece . 
  do n't worry . 
   or if european businesses are n't allowed to trade with greece ? 
  again , that has n't happened almost at all throughout history , and will not happen now . 
  think it through , eu does n't want greece to fall apart . 
  as you yourself stated , there 's a risk that greece might buddy up with russia , which is the thing eu is trying desperately to avoid . 
  because what 's keeping us in recession is the uncertainty , investors are afraid of the eurozone falling apart and leaving europe in a huge economic mess . 
  if greece defaults and leaves the eurozone and establishes drachma , everyone will see the eu is not affected at all ( and it wo n't , because their debt is not owned to banks -- which could collapse -- but to governments -- which wo n't ) and confidence will reign in the markets . 
  you are misinformed . 
  default does n't mean they ca n't pay , default means they wo n't pay ( for whatever reason , including but not limited to that they ca n't pay ) . 
  if greece decides not to pay , i.e. 
  defaults on their debt , their situation will be like argentina 's default in 2004 , which was a huge positive for the country . 
  absolutely , greece would n't be able to get access to the markets for a few decades . 
  which matters why ? 
  all that accomplishes is that they will be forced to have balanced budget , and even build a sovereign fund , like norway has , instead of spending now and pushing the responsibilities on future generations . 
  i call that a big win . 
  no actually , if eurozone members do n't budge , greece can always default on their debt and they get literally nothing . 
  with a debt haircut they can get about half . 
  but that 's not what op said . 
  he said `` even if they get a deal with the eu '' , so the deal was given and only the ability to reform was questioned . 
  it 's not a referendum if you do n't count the actual votes . 
  but he did n't say `` directly warsaw pact countries '' , he said `` former warsaw block '' , which is 100 % correct . 
  and yes , i 'm not disputing that many sources put you in northern europe , but i 'm saying you should accept that not all sources agree on that . 
  but * why * did they not grow on industry ? 
  because they obviously could n't have when they had the euro . 
  greece can not compete with german goods when german workers demand less than greek ones . 
  that would have been solved by a floating currency , which went away with the euro . 
   i fail to see how syriza can reform greece even if they get a deal with the eu . 
  as i understand the trust between the eu and syriza is practically non-existing .
