  it 's not impossible pegida will get to that number either . 
  we might hate each other 's guts , but we all hate us * business over people * mindset more . 
  fuck the ttip . 
  it 's called argumentum ad absurdum and it 's a common form of argument . 
   my criticism is towards all these populist anti movements popping up everywhere and about everything , never creating or improving anything just opposing . 
  well , as i have just demonstrated , an anti movement is a * very * good thing if the issue being proposed is bad . 
  who are you to profess that none of these anti movements have merit ? 
  have you read the entire ttip agreement for instance ? 
  i got ta go , so i 'll make a limited response . 
  thanks for the source . 
   only 9 % ( 14 cases ) [ 1 ] of disputes before the international centre for settlement of investment disputes ( icsid ) are about acts of the legislature . 
  because the isds so far does n't exist . 
   ttip wo n't apply here . 
  philip morris is suing based on a trade agreement between hong kong and australia . 
  because the isds so far does n't exist . 
   what would be the issue then ? 
  i think the problem is that you assume , if a company sues a government it 's only for nefarious reasons . 
  for instance the isds protection of `` protection against denial of justice '' is very problematic , because it can be wildly interpreted . 
   not every thing the government does is right though , and it seems reasonable to provide mechanisms to protect investors rights . 
  and it should be by a transparent european and us courts not by three shady paid lawyers , not without an appeal , etc. 
  have a good night . 
  https://torrentfreak.com/swiss-wont-ban-downloading-but-will-block-sites-140630/  national courts will give binding decisions if eu law has been infringed , and the ecj will as well if it gets that far . 
  this has not led to a takeover of democracy ; yes , ecj can rule in case of eu law , but for national law there 's not much you can really do . 
  this has not lead to a takeover of democracy , because ecj is controlled by the eu , which is still a bit of a democratic entity ( fingers crossed ) . 
   it just ensures that the state complies with the international agreements it has signed . 
  no , it only ensures eu law is not breached . 
   downloading copyrighted material from unlawful sources is illegal in every country in the eu , i believe . 
  no it is not . 
  in switzerland , and my country of czech republic , among many others , it is perfectly legal . 
  the only illegal thing is to * share * copyrighted material . 
  uploading a movie on rapidshare/megaupload is illegal , downloading it is perfectly legal . 
   suing the state is possible in the eu as well , although it is quite hard . 
  are you arguing that it will get easier , and if so , what reasons do you have for thinking that ? 
  i 'll refer you to other comments in this thread , i have already argued this point . 
   except they do . 
  well at least in the sense that the country can always not comply but then they break their treaty . 
  ever heard of the imf ? 
  even the un established a court for this type of stuff . 
  isds is not a new concept . 
  the whole thing was even adapted because of this backlash . 
  i posted a video about it a while ago . 
  un courts are completely toothless compared to isds . 
   or you know like in that local isds case in canada they do do business because they 're already established and bribed the local governance to block the competition . 
  there 's plenty of other cases you can think of where the competition will just do business or even profit from the loss the competition took . 
  then the government can be easily pursued in national courts , since such a thing would be illegal under the constitution . 
  no need for isds and essentially give away part of countries ' sovereignty to corporations . 
   this does n't make companies more powerful than countries . 
  it gives a lot more power to corporations against governments . 
  -- anyway , i got ta skedaddle , have a good evening . 
   what ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  of course a national courts decision is binding . 
  i 'm sorry , i expressed myself badly . 
  i meant that the country can easily change some law to completely avoid any fallout . 
   they wo n't . 
  arbitration tribunals consist of three judges : one appointed by each party , and a third agreed upon by both parties . 
  most of them are respected legal experts in the field of international law . 
  the most pressing concerns are the inability to appeal and the lack of transparency , both of which are addressed by the eus reform proposal [ 1 ] . 
  here i 'm not guessing , i read a legal opinion from some watchdog groups that said the isds courts will be heavily biased for the corporations . 
   phillip morris will most likely lose . 
  on the contrary , under ttip they will without a doubt win i believe . 
   it is not . 
  isds will protect companies against the following infringements : ... can you link to some source saying that these are really the only infringements dealt with by isds ? 
  and anyway , i can see them using one of those for their argument in this case anyway . 
  in that case : [ because on the internet no one knows if you 're being facetious or clueless . 
  ] ( https://www.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/english/rest-on-one%27s-laurels?q=rest+on+laurels ) :-p ^ ( unless you add a smile like that ! ), 
  absolutely . 
  but so far , the courts do n't actually have sovereign power over the countries . 
  isds court would have that power . 
  i agree that your example is bad , but that case is already handled today : if some country does that , no other company will do any serious business with that country for the next decade , which punishes the country significantly . 
  and it should stay that way , companies can not be made more powerful than countries . 
  that would lead to a dystopia . 
   mutual recognition of equivalence of regulatory acts , in full or in part , based on evidence that the relevant regulatory acts achieve equivalent outcomes as regards the fulfilment of the public policy goals pursued by both parties ; so it deals with ( conditional ) mutual standards recognition , not with a unified standard . 
  [ because on the internet no one knows if you 're joking or clueless . 
  ] ( https://www.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/english/rest-on-one%27s-laurels?q=rest+on+laurels ), 
  exactly , they 're by and large not buddhists . 
  for others : sapa is not the * south african press association * , but rather a vietnamese marketplace in prague . 
  amen . 
  actually , i believe that a fellow commenter disproved what you 're saying in [ this comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3o7v0q/anti_ttip_protest_in_amsterdam_101015/cvux5u2 ) . 
   so what ? 
  you can already sue a country , the problem is that you have to go through that nations courts ( which might be a bit biased in the matter ) . 
  the only thing isds clauses change is that they establish a neutral entity . 
  afaik those decisions currently are n't binding . 
  and isds will be far from neutral , it 'll be controlled by the corporations . 
  and after all , do n't we agree that countries should be more important than companies ? 
  i certainly think so . 
   you are talking about philip morris v australia ? 
  as far as i know no verdict has been reached in this case . 
  suing someone is no problem , i can sue you if i want , does n't mean i will win . 
  with the advent of isds they will finally have a court that will make a binding decision and make australia pay billions of dollars for what the people democratically decided for themselves . 
  after all , what australia democratically did is * precisely * what the ttip is supposed to protect companies against . 
   i 'd like some sources on that . 
  but i agree with this general point that copyright law is one part of the ttip that rubs me the wrong way . 
  ttip is designed precisely to protect companies from this type of `` lost revenues '' . 
  -- ^ ( ** important ** : due to time constraints , i am only able to respond to comments of ~ 1000 new characters or fewer , ~ 3-4 paragraphs . 
  * brevity is key to successful communication . 
  great , i knew mutual recognition was used in ttip , not a common standard as the other poster proposes . 
  anyway , so the acceptance of dangerous us car standards will not lie on national or eu governments , but instead on some vague `` mechanism '' in the ttip which will be highly influenced by the us and their lobbyists ? 
  i call that unacceptable for my country . 
  the masses of republican voters apparently .
