  edit : bulgaria is probably voting for . 
  poland is in question too . 
  well , let 's see how completely we get ignored on monday . 
  actually , under nice , decisions on asylum have to be voted unanimously , as you can see in this [ table here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/voting_in_the_council_of_the_european_union#policy_areas ) . 
  so if one country asked to use nice voting , unanimity would be necessary , as far as i can tell . 
  however , since no one has mentioned this anywhere so far , i think there 's some condition that prevents this from happening , but maybe not , i do n't know . 
  upvoted for confusion . 
  downvoted for the downvoting for the continuation of the continuation of the cycle !, 
  i honestly have no idea what those parties stand for at all . 
  which is kinda troubling when i think about it . 
  http://www.consilium.europa.eu/en/council-eu/voting-system/qualified-majority/  `` when not all council members participate in the vote , for example due to an opt-out in certain policy areas , a decision is adopted if 55 % of the participating council members , representing at least 65 % of the population of the participating member states , vote in favour . '', 
  so it is confirmed that opt-outs do n't get a vote . 
  however , i have heard that ireland is going to waive their opt-out and thus will get to vote . 
  so , 26 countries will be voting , you need 15/26 to get over 55 % . 
  so 12 countries can block this from passing . 
  sadly , it looks like we will be outvoted : [ eu to vote through quota plan despite opposition from eastern europe ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/refugee-crisis-eu-to-vote-through-quota-plan-despite-opposition-from-eastern-europe-10492190.html ), 
  the problem is , there is no way to force these people to do anything . 
  we ca n't detain them or jail them , because they are too many , we ca n't use force , and you ca n't block them , because they 'll always outflank you through the sheer numbers they have . 
  not gon na happen . 
  either you behave or you 'll get whipped . 
  they pretty much did avoid the entire continent during ww2 and did great . 
  inconvenient , yes , but the refugees have shown they 're willing to risk their lives for those sweet euros , so that hardly matters . 
  downvoted for continuing the cycle !, 
  if there 's an impassable fence in hungary , ~ ~ serbia ~ ~ croatia is on the route . 
  those people are trying to get to germany so it makes sense they might have some knowledge of the language ( perhaps started learning along the way on their smartphones ) . 
  neither is serbia . 
  downvoted for downvoting for complaining about downvotes !, 
  welp , you made this czech laugh . 
  well not me , but our countries will vote on it on monday . 
  but it 's predicted we will be outvoted . 
  fun . 
  well , saudi arabia has no problem financing 50 mosques in your country , so there 's that . 
  do n't worry , we wo n't have to vote on each quota individually . 
  the eu will just push a permanent quota -- a percentage of whatever number comes in -- and it 'll be done !, 
  so when next year 2-4 million of people come with pictures of merkle , we wo n't have to vote on that anymore . 
  they want to have it all . 
  if they wo n't have mosques , there will be persistent protests , international newspapers will be blaming you for religious persecution and racism . 
  it wo n't go well . 
  if it is anything like in my country , it is nowhere as clear cut as the article makes it . 
  roma people have resisted any kind of integration for centuries , in vast numbers refuse to work and join the civic life of the country . 
  except they signed it away with the understanding that dublin regulation is the guiding principle . 
  now the eu is saying `` ha , you signed up for dublin ? 
  well fuck you , we 're changing it without your consent ! '', 
  no , there * is * going to be a mechanism for leaving eurozone one day . 
  grexit was already talked about in a very real sense . 
  the butter issue was provided just for laughs , it was by no means the only or the most severe court case fought . 
   that 's just bullshit fearmongering if you do n't even know yet how big the quotas are going to be . 
  we do n't disagree with the number , we disagree with not being given a choice . 
  and signing up for perpetual redistribution is suicidal , when next year 2-3 million refugees come due to germany inviting them in , we do n't want to be a part of that . 
   i 'd be glad to have the ep decide it , but that means giving up national illusions of sovereignty . 
  i think it 's an absolute travesty that we 're blowing up schengen and wasting money on half-effective internal border controls instead of having a proper border control on the outer eu borders . 
  i and my fellow countrymen are strongly against ep deciding this for us . 
  but the rest we agree with , we need strong border controls at the outer border . 
  certainly poorer than other western countries , but not as poor as the former soviet bloc . 
  and then you 'll invent a superwhiskey , and it 'll all come crashing again !, 
  i do n't begrudge you for it one bit . 
  quite the opposite , i feel like you 're setting a beneficial precedent . 
  i agree with you that we should help people in need , i just do n't agree that immigration is the best solution . 
  the cultures and religions are far too incompatible , so that while the refugees get a better life , the country suffers for it . 
  i am for helping refugees close to the problem , in turkey and other surrounding countries . 
  europe is rich and it should help build refugee camps , help fund education and so on and so forth . 
  ** with the same amount of money we can house and feed 1 refugee in europe or 10 in turkey . 
  ** and i think it 's important for refugees to return to their country of origin after the war has ended so that they can rebuild their country and maintain their identity , instead of letting their uniqueness die out forever . 
  which is what all the dissenting countries want as well . 
  well , to be honest , when rich western countries were ascending to the union they could pretty much dictate their terms , as evidenced by the uk . 
  but when we poor eastern countries were ascending , it was viewed as the eu being so gracious in giving us a gift of membership , that any opt-outs were practically out of the question . 
  in the entire eastern bloc only poland has one opt-out , and it 's not even a [ `` full opt-out '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opt-outs_in_the_european_union#charter_of_fundamental_rights_of_the_european_union_.e2.80.93_poland_and_the_united_kingdom ) . 
  that is not true . 
  the fact of the matter is , there is no mechanism for leaving the eurozone , so it would have to be created , and it is very likely that it would n't mandate leaving the eu . 
  because the only countries with a strong voice in the eu right now are germany , france and the uk . 
  i disagree with germoney more and more with each passing day , and i strongly resent their forceful rhetoric as of late . 
  on the other hand , i come to agree with the uk more and more . 
  so loss of their voice in europe would be a direct loss for me . 
  so say we all !, 
  germany looks for migrants that so far did n't plan on moving to europe . 
  and they are very important observations and question to ask . 
  just the eurozone , the eu part is n't necessary . 
  they 'll have to collect their own wages from the taxes !, 
   berlin , brussels , strasbourg ftfy, 
  they absolutely allow people to cross in/out of switzerland legally . 
  but not illegally . 
  which is what schengen should be doing . 
  i believe , and have read , that the melting pot of the us had the effect that the citizens there do n't feel empathy towards each other like people do in single-ethnicity countries . 
  there is also widespread voluntary segregation , including things like white flight -- white people live near white people , blacks near blacks , etc. 
  in the end people do n't want to pay for other people , since they have no empathy towards them , and thus the us does n't have a welfare system , universal healthcare , their public schools are incredibly horrific , and so on and so forth . 
  we should avoid this if at all possible , because it incredibly lowers the quality of life in the country . 
  i 'd say poland is roughly extremely far west of the united states . 
  well , for some time they were operating at 3/4 retard which is actually more dangerous because people might actually take them seriously !, 
  the czechs fully support you in this matter , do n't give up !, 
  if germany continues , uk wo n't be the only country to leave in the following years . 
  the czechs are getting to the edge as well . 
  because the citizens do n't want to ? 
  i have been to the us two times so far in my life , and i will try my best to stop the eu becoming like the us , the life there for the poor and the middle class is horrible compared to here . 
  that 's completely irrelevant . 
  switzerland is a sovereign country , and thanks to their mountains , they wo n't have problems keeping their borders secure either . 
  they finally went full retard . 
  it did n't take long . 
  let 's see if you are right or not . 
  we do not rely on eu funds in any meaningful way , our economy is comparable to that of spain . 
  we are perfectly fine with not receiving eu funds if we do n't have to agree to mandatory quotas .
