  your mayor and regional organisation or your president/pm/whatever and the massive parlament ? 
  regional representation of course , that 's the point i 'm making all along . 
  i do n't think any rich country would join the eu in the next decade or two at least . 
  nobody needs eu to be prosperous , it does n't really help . 
  all you need is eea , and that is already not tied to the eu , since it has several non-eu countries in it already . 
  you seem quite confused . 
  eea , like trade generally , is beneficial to all countries . 
  if uk leaves eea all of europe will suffer . 
  uk will suffer more per capita , but we all will suffer . 
  there 's no `` selling '' of trade deals . 
  that makes no sense . 
  eea includes several non-eu countries already . 
  no , read again . 
  more things should be delegated to regional decision makers and elections . 
  well , not failed , * failing * . 
  on the other hand , that means they 'll have money to take a trip ... say , to europe . 
  you mean like , if someone tries to leave the eu , germany will force them out of the eea too , so they suffer for their choices ? 
  that 'd be a major dick move there . 
  do n't get behind in econometrics , it 's bloody hard !, 
  but overall , uni was fucking awesome , man , enjoy it !, 
  tell me about it . 
  i want a plurality of voices , this brings back bad memories . 
  or the automoderator script runs only once each say 5 minutes , not all the time . 
  we 're talking about rolling back political integration . 
  there 's absolutely no need to touch the eea ( which includes the single market ) . 
  the european parliament is far too distanced from the people and that distance is well known to cause a rip between the will of the people and the governing body . 
  we should be handling as many things as possible as close to the people as possible . 
  not really . 
  dubbing makes films worse in 99.99 % of times . 
  nonono , there is a war against christmas !, 
  bring out the good old guillotine !, 
  that 's nonsense . 
  you ca n't machine translate a song . 
  movie dubbing is awful . 
  even reading books in the original language is better . 
  english will grow ever stronger . 
  as a french learner , i think it 's quite sad . 
  but on the other hand , people throughout the globe understand each other much better now than at any time in history . 
  they did n't . 
  they just bet on it . 
  and the fact that merkel obliged them caused this all fuckup . 
  well , it was n't known that eu would repay 100 % of the money . 
  and it should n't have been . 
  it was merkel 's choice , hence why i 'm faulting merkel for this whole fuck up . 
  well , that 's all merkel would have wanted !, 
  the state will buy the flat and house migrants in there !, 
  good for you for being a good obedient german . 
  when a pennyless hobo walks into a bank , asks for a $ 1,000,000 loan and gets it , who 's fault is it ? 
  the hobo 's or the bank 's ? 
  the banks should have taken the loss . 
  they absolutely should n't have been repaid for irresponsible lending . 
  you say no , mother merkel says yes . 
  absolutely not ready . 
  and it might tear down everything . 
  i tend to agree with myself too in this case . 
  over-borrowing is n't solely greek fault , it 's fault of the banks , that should not lend to a country that did n't have the means to pay it back . 
  except germany decided to bail out the banks , and now forces greece to pay it back for that bailout . 
  and all that would be fine if greece was n't in the euro , cos then they can always default , like many countries do . 
  but now they 're in the euro , the eurozone has final say . 
  there 's literally only two ways to resolve the crisis , a ) debt haircut , b ) exiting the euro . 
  since b ) is extremely dangerous and painful , they should have given them a ) . 
  instead they went with c ) fuck greeks over , because they deserve to suffer , without any hope of resolving the crisis . 
  the sins of the fathers should not be visited upon the sons . 
  well , portuguese people wo n't exactly be claiming asylum . 
  let 's invade a bit of spain , for old times sake !, 
  that 's absolutely impossible if merkel does n't budge . 
  ask any economist on earth . 
  i read that they ca n't , really . 
  the white light just stimulates something in your brain which then thinks it 's daylight and does n't want to sleep . 
  nope , just leaving donbass . 
  russia will * never * voluntarily give up a warm water port . 
  thanks !, 
  please do n't take this personally , it 's not you , it 's mostly dclauzel that has soiled the relationship with mods in this sub , so i 'm just being cautious . 
  and after all , you have no idea how many times i personally have been called a nazi on this sub , and you can go through my entire comment history and wo n't find anything resembling a cause for that . 
  it 's just became a sort of `` hello , i 'm here '' between some of the left-leaning people on this sub . 
  how would that matter ? 
  well , have you got any sort of proof ? 
  i 'm just saying , if it 's not in his comment history , how do we know your accusation is accurate ? 
  i believe in innocence until proven guilty . 
  you ca n't remove the motivation , so we 'll have to build really good fences . 
  well , i agree that this thing is n't that necessary , i 'd much rather see an open ban appeal ledger and some discussion about the horrible misuse of the `` egregiously low quality content '' delisting rule . 
  i just feel there 's such a lack of transparency , i have to be careful about everything here . 
  and the voting could be limited to accounts that have at least some predefined amount of comment karma in / r/europe and are at least a few months old . 
  that would produce very good results . 
  it would n't be trivial to program , but it 's very possible . 
  well , europe-wide is going too far . 
   but perhaps r/europe wide . 
   you can compare it to newspapers if you want : you 've got low-quality news publications that will run every story if it gets them enough eyes , and then you 've got higher quality news outlets that want to make an effort in ensuring the debate is better than that . 
  true , but i think the decision on what sites to block should not be left to an unelected few . 
  and before you say `` this is just reddit , what do you want '' , realize that communities like reddit are starting to have * immense * influence on news dissemination and opinion shaping . 
   what we remove is low-quality stuff - for the reasons outlined above - , stuff that does n't belong on a website about news about europe , and all the things that decent human beings do n't want to see : racism , insults , memes , that stuff . 
  i could n't give a care about what the `` political opinion '' of the subreddit is otherwise - and i certainly would n't waste my time trying to ` censor ' opinion into any which direction . 
  i mean , what in the world would be the point . 
  well , you say that , but then again one has to just trust you , because there 's almost no transparency . 
  for instance , i have tried suggesting a public ban appeal ledger , so that we could see the reason why users were banned , but i was shot down 3 times . 
  and i have seen a mod remove a submission listing statistics on muslim beliefs such as how large portion of population beliefs sharia law should be the law of the land and so on . 
  it 's clearly of great import to europeans while this crisis is under way , yet it was removed as irrelevant to europe despite my personal objections sent to the mod . 
  that certainly brought a whiff of ideological censorship to my senses . 
   i typed all of this out now , but there 's 99 % chance i wo n't be bother to type it out for the next five users that accuse us of censorship today . 
  i * am * thankful for your response , for instance dclauzel just ignores all dissent and moves on .
