  very well then , onwards to victory !, 
  well , vikings can be french too . 
  and as you 'll find out , even the english can be french . 
  considering that what actually * has * been hugely successful is the french normands invading england , i 'd say , start brushing up on that * langue fran\u00e7aise * . 
  great scott !, 
  it never * really * worked out for ya though , did it ? 
  you might * very well * think that , i could n't possibly comment . 
  well , we have a different read on the guy . 
  i believe once a grexit is taking place , and a deep recession sets in , he 'd pass necessary reforms in that time frame , because he knows that 's when they will hurt least . 
  i believe he does possess the leadership skills necessary , and the will to use them . 
   first i wrote that `` unprepared grexit '' is lunacy . 
  if you found an economist telling that it is n't i would be glad to know . 
  economists are saying do a grexit * now * , so yes , that means prepared as much as it is now . 
  nobel laureate paul krugman being just one example . 
   second i clearly wrote that chile 's gdp got an upswing after pinochet 's fall : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_chile#/media/file:gdp_per_capita_la-chile.png[1] of course it is not a coincidence , dogmatic economic beliefs do not work in the real world . 
  either you 've got visual impairment or you do n't understand graphs . 
  that upswing you 're talking about started in 1982 , whereas pinochet was ousted in 1990 . 
  and if you knew anything about economic history , you 'd knew that the upswing actually started in 1975 , the second year pinochet was in office . 
  that descend you see around 1980 has nothing to do with pinochet , and everything to do with a global recession triggered by global oil shocks around that date . 
   thirdly , i 'm a scientist . 
  let me say that economics is not thought as the pinnacle of rigour , which is why i find it hardly impressing to hear that someone is an economist , it sounds not much different - to my ears - than ( being ) a `` political scientist '' . 
  if you really mean such things , my opinion is you 're a condescending ignoramus , i do n't aim to belittle you , that 's just my opinion of how much you thought this through . 
  economics deals with the most complex problems facing human kind , and it is a science burdened by the fact that one can not do experiments as in physics or chemistry . 
  so saying economists do n't have rigour is completely misunderstanding how the world works . 
  economics is the one thing that separates the world of plenty we live in today , from the suffering in the kingdoms of the middle ages . 
  and most importantly , the attitudes of the general population , you included , to the science of economics , is why we 're in such shit to begin with . 
  if anyone asked an economist if euro should be established as it was , he 'd get only one answer , no matter which economist he 'd ask . 
   btw an unprepared grexit would indeed cause thousands of deaths . 
  for example my father and aunt who are into expensive medication would be some of the first to go , that 's not fear mongering , that 's a ** simple fact ** and i just ca n't bear seeing that man 's sly smile while people i love wither and die ... let 's see what a * fact is * : `` a thing that is known or proved to be true . '', 
  so no , that 's not a fact . 
  the * fact * is , greece has stockpiled months worth of medications , so no immediate harm will be done . 
  and do n't forget that if greece really does turn to absolutely shit in the very short term , which is by no means guaranteed , there will be humanitarian aid from the whole of europe . 
  * no , thousands will not die . 
  actually , they have been planning it for quite a while now , they just could n't do outright preparations for fears of panic . 
  and yes , there are huge problems with a grexit , such as huge economic depression . 
  which -- in case you had n't noticed -- they got out of the way already !, 
  millions are already suffering . 
  and sorry , if most of the world 's top economists are saying they should exit the eurozone , it is expressly * not * lunacy . 
  it wo n't be easy , but it 's the only change they have . 
  and no , `` thousands '' wo n't die , that 's just fearmongering . 
  ad psychopaths : well , i believe you are wrong , and i think scientific consensus is on my side : [ 1 ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/david-freeman/are-politicians-psychopaths_b_1818648.html ) , [ 2 ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2012/07/the-startling-accuracy-of-referring-to-politicians-as-psychopaths/260517/ ) . 
  and we appear to disagree about chile as well -- so you think the fact that chile is the wealthiest country in south america now and the fact that it 's practically the only country in south america that pursued such economic policies are completely coincidental ? 
  from your opinions i gather you did * not * study economics . 
  edit : fixed link . 
  yes , i 'm talking about the same disease , read the symptoms . 
  i believe many top politicians tend to be represented on the psychopath -- sociopath spectrum . 
  you do n't honestly think a politician lying through his teeth is a notable occurrence . 
  on the other hand , the undermining of the official position of the official greek government i see as a huge positive , because the official position was * outright wrong * , and still is , especially now . 
  veroufakis signed up as an economist , and all tsiprias has done is ignore the advice of the person that knows most what to do with the clusterfuck . 
  we also disagree of what the best outcome is , i believe a grexit is * much preferable * to the current proposal , we need to think long-term to save the country . 
  this deal is only preferable in the very short-term -- yes , the banks will open , but that does n't save the country . 
  politics is a dirty and dangerous game , knowingly misdirecting people is sometimes a necessary evil , because honestly , the average worker is not somebody that can really weigh the benefits and pitfalls of monetary unions and international financial markets . 
  absolutely , but people do n't really think much about answering polls , it 's just a telephone call you get in the middle of the day . 
  the only way to be sure is to make another referendum with the current offer that tsiprias has just signed on one side and a grexit on the other . 
  wow , what an absolute cluster phoque . 
  thanks for the write up . 
  i have a question though : do you really believe a proportional representation is possible for the uk ? 
  i see the constituency system ( whether fptp , av , ... ) as so ingrained there that it could never really be changed unless there 's a revolution . 
  and how 's that global warming and sea level rises coming along ? 
  if you have n't noticed , politicians are almost by definition selfish psychopaths . 
  it 's just in the job description . 
  but that does n't mean he wo n't do a good job . 
  his incentives are aligned with greece well , he wants to have a legacy , he wants to be the one to save greece . 
  and he has the know how , and possibly will have the power . 
  i say more power to him . 
  the problem is , greece has shown it will * not * do any reforms if it is pushed . 
  when they are pushed to do reforms , they do n't feel the reforms are good , they instead feel the reforms are evil being pushed onto them . 
  and that 's not the frame of mind with which you can reform a country . 
  the only way they can do reforms is if they exit the eurozone , and actually do it by themselves . 
  since the referendum did n't even offer the chance to vote for a grexit , and instead the promise was the no vote would not lead to that kind of austerity being proposed , which he just agreed to hundred times worse , yes , he did fuck over the whole nation . 
  because tsipras completely fucked the whole nation . 
  i think it would be good for greece . 
  can you tell me some of those reasons for which it was rejected ? 
  i 've always found it pretty disgraceful that it did n't pass , there must have been a lot of manipulation . 
  everything has a price . 
  you just keep rising the price until some country agrees . 
  it 'll still be cheaper than housing them in europe and with much less strain on eu countries . 
  the mood towards immigrants really is grave throughout europe now . 
  if practically * no eu country * was willing to take their share of just 60 000 migrants , what makes you think the close to a million migrants arriving annually in europe can be accepted ? 
  especially when accepting them makes them come in even larger numbers each next year . 
  alors , regarde ceci : [ thomas piketty sur la dette et la gr\u00e8ce en europe ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vizv3penlfk ) . 
  for people downvoting : i 'm sorry , the video is sadly only available in french . 
  nonono , the poles are going by boats from the baltic to the north sea , through la manche , the mediterranean and arriving at italy !, 
  no wonder their ships are close to sinking at the end !, 
  it does work , australia is paying papua new guinea to house its immigrants . 
  and they are free to leave at any time to their country of origin , or they can stay . 
  they 're not locked , they are free to leave at any time to their country of origin . 
  if they do n't want to , they are welcomed to stay in the designated area . 
  why ? 
  so far . 
  the germans are making so much bad will in europe right now that i 'm afraid what might come of it . 
  every reason a * lot * has changed . 
  physical euros entered circulation in 2002 , so this map is after 1 year on that currency !, 
  today the euro coins had not 1 but 13 years to circulate !, 
  then they should get the fuck out and go to the islamic state . 
  yes , they can team up and do another genocide on a nation living between them . 
  lol , object permanence . 
  if you understand what object permanence means , you 'd understand that yes , they `` exist '' , but not `` for all intents and purposes '' , which is what i said . 
  bureaucratic overhead assumes you 're doing it by the books . 
  i fully expect these will be done on the black market first before being legalized later .
