  you can still make your case for not taking in refugees , we 're not ready to sign anything yet . 
  i think it 's a bit too early to claim you 've been unduly forced if there were no counterarguments but `` we do n't like foreigners '' . 
  the vote is about mandatory preset quotas , if it goes through there 's absolutely nothing we can legally do to stop it . 
   good , and the only way to coordinate that is through the eu . 
  so there you have the contours of a deal : everyone will take some refugees , everyone will pay for exterior border controls , and those will be much more strict . 
  given that the eu states on the border are generally not the wealthiest , we can say that it will even be economically advantageous for them . 
  we are perfectly fine with funding the whole affair , but if you push mandatory muslims to eastern european countries where 95 % people are against it , you will sow the seeds of eu 's destruction . 
  as a czech guy that 's still holding onto his pro-eu views ( bat barely these days ) , i implore my fellow europeans , ** do n't push mandatory quotas if you want to see the eu survive ** . 
  if eastern europe is outvoted on mandatory quotas , it will sow the seeds of eu 's demise . 
  the czechs will extremely likely never join either . 
  i 'm sorry , but pictures of dead kids are in no way scare propaganda , no european is worried they 'll end up washed up at sea . 
  it 's emotional blackmail . 
  well , then maybe germany should accept that nation states and nationalities within the eu are too strong for a federal europe and they should instead stick to the policy of finding consensus that has worked reasonably well for so long . 
  well , considering its release in 1994 , it either did n't exist yet , or was too expensive to use . 
  they would use it if they could !, 
  it 's good that he 's interested , but he does n't identify with israel in any way . 
  jews are an ethnic and religious group . 
  in france they think of themselves as french , not as israelis . 
  my french jew friend actually went to a rally protesting israel this year . 
  that 's what 's expected of muslims in terms of integration , and that 's what has n't been achieved . 
  sure , but without a wall , you have no chance to block them even with the army . 
  and even if you did build a wall , austria will just get really mad honestly . 
  off the top of my head for france : charles aznavour , yves montand and jacques brel !, 
  well , if you close the border , they 'll just exit the train before it and find their way on foot , so nothing changes much , you just wo n't have the option to redistribute them as you wish . 
  have n't you been doing that already ? 
  just yesterday or the day before there was an article about migrants overwhelming some northern german city on the northern part of the border of former eastern/western germany . 
  first it was 40 ' 000 , then 160 ' 000 , now germany is claiming it is by far not enough . 
  and then jucker starts pushing permanent quotas without any limits . 
  no , absolutely not . 
  like denmark ? 
  it 's not just this , it 's been happening this entire year . 
  the deal with greece was a complete abomination and brought shame upon the entire `` union '' . 
  germoney basically made greece into a banana republic . 
  and now the aggressive behaviour towards eastern europeans when they fundamentally disagree on the issue of quotas . 
  what 's the difference between a professional musician and a large pizza ? 
  a large pizza can feed a family of four . 
  can someone explain ? 
  that 's the best one in here . 
  in the czech republic as well . 
  austria , slovenia , chroatia are just a few in germany 's pocket . 
  they and many countries will be voting against their own interests . 
  germany will be voting for theirs , because this is just about setting the precedent , the next quota ( possibly permanent ) will be about german refugees . 
  eu is an agreement . 
  if the negatives of that agreement outweigh the positives , countries will leave . 
  like the uk . 
  if the eu will push through quotas against the enormous resistance of the eastern eu , the negatives will outweigh the benefits . 
  disagreements are commonplace , we had to budge to the eu many times before , but you are being completely fucking stuborn to what people are saying to you . 
  this is an issue that will lead to the eu 's destruction . 
  if you mostly like the eu like i do , you will be against it . 
  it 's been shoved our throats more like . 
  it 's just renamed european constitution that did n't go through the referenda . 
  except germoney has everyone in their pocket and they 're completely unwilling to be reasonable . 
  if they outvote eastern europe on this , they will saw the seeds that will tear the eu apart . 
  actually , it * has * suddenly changed . 
  the [ treaty of lisbon ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/voting_in_the_council_of_the_european_union#treaty_of_lisbon ) went into full effect in 2014 which * drastically * changed how voting is done in the council of the european union ( where quotas will be decided ) . 
  under the previous treaty of nice , an unanimous decision was needed to approve changes of asylum policy . 
  however , starting from last year , only a qualified majority is needed . 
  and that 's why eastern europe is going to get shafted . 
  well , if some countries get an opt-out , like denmark , uk and ireland did , i think it 's completely unfair to the eastern europeans who did n't have the bargaining power to obtain one themselves . 
  and we signed the treaties with the understanding that dublin regulations apply . 
  now they want to change the rules mid-game . 
  even if it is legally binding , you have to understand how betrayed all eastern europeans are going to feel , how discontent will swarm the entire eastern bloc , how euroscepticism and the extreme right will rise all over . 
  this wo n't go well for anybody . 
  and that is fine . 
  no one is forcing anyone to be more like bulgaria or hungary . 
  however , the heads of the eu , germoney and most western eu countries are forcing the east to become more like sweden . 
  and that is a huge problem that wo n't go well for anybody . 
  well , those running are oftentimes extremists themselves ( compared to europeans ) . 
  fundamental muslims are between 15 to 25 % of the muslim population . 
  for example look at the statistics in the section '' [ sharia as the official law of the land ] ( http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-beliefs-about-sharia/ ) '' . 
  those are staggering percentages . 
  i am for helping refugees close to the problem , in neighbouring countries like turkey . 
  ** for the same price we can either take care of 1 migrant in the eu or 10 in turkey . 
  ** and they will be living in a compatible culture , and when the war over , they can go back and resettle syria instead of forever losing their national uniqueness . 
   i live in sweden , the scare propaganda is not something i put any value into . 
  evidently , some 30 % of your countrymen have different opinion on this `` scare propaganda '' . 
  no , i 'm saying your system is great , because you start fundamental school already in german !, 
  when i was growing up , the first foreign language class was english twice a week in 4th grade ( age ~ 10 ) , everything else was always in our native tongue . 
  that 's completely insufficient . 
  that 's awesome !, 
  i always thought language learning should start as soon as possible so that the kids do n't have to struggle with it when they 're older . 
  what language do you prefer ? 
  well , `` beyond saving '' is obviously a very relative term . 
  for most of us eastern europeans , sweden is at a point to which we never want to come ourselves . 
  statistics show that single-ethnicity countries are faring better than multi-ethnic ones , and islam really is a dangerous and oppressive religion ( e.g. 
  towards women , nonbelievers , lgbt people , people renouncing islam , etc. ) . 
  the problem is , this immigration is irreversible when birthrates of immigrants far outweigh birthrates of the natives . 
  so indeed for many eastern europeans , sweden * is * `` beyond saving '' . 
  but always know it 's in the eyes of the beholder . 
  if you are perfectly fine with the state of your country , then for you sweden absolutely * is n't * `` beyond saving '' . 
  very interesting !, 
  the way wiki describes it , elementary school is split between luxembourgish then german , and lyc\u00e9e and universities are in french ? 
  where does english fit in there , if anywhere ? 
  and the rift between east and west has never been higher . 
  it has never been as fucked as right now . 
  so i 've read that for example laws and dealings with government are in french , how do bad french speakers deal with that ? 
  migrants must have it especially hard , that 's true , i heard many migrant children do n't finish high-school because of the language requirements . 
  pretty much . 
  everyone is scared . 
  this wo n't end well .
