  and lastly , the all-night buses are a work of wonder unrivalled by any city on the face of this earth . 
  there is a central point in brno at the main trainstation where each half hour ( or each hour after 3am ) roughly 30 buses converge . 
  from there they speed off to cover the entire city and then return . 
  and since most people are drinking in the town center , they just hop on one of the buses and they 're right at home . 
  the buses are so bloody fast , that i actually get home * faster * in the night than during the day !, 
  well , to start off , the public transport in brno is absolutely incomparable to that of prague , in brno it 's absolutely marvellous , and works much better than in most western cities ( and that applies doubly for the all-night transit ) . 
  related to that , traffic in this city is non-existent ( maybe because of said public transit ) and driving is very fast and a great pleasure . 
  further , brno is somewhere between a large city and an enormous village , it gets the best of both worlds -- there 's culture enough that it 's coming out of our collective asses , yet the city is not as hectic and the nature is closer . 
  there are plenty of job opportunities and really great schools ( we have 7 universities within city limits ) , but the rents for flats are n't unaffordably high . 
  also nightlife is especially great thanks to the * amazing * all-night public transport . 
  well , what i find troubling is the ferocity of their religious beliefs combined with their highly * violent * interpretation of their religious texts ( which are indeed not very peaceful ) . 
  in the end , i do n't want my country to start experiencing the same beheadings , bombings , armed assaults and mass murders that are n't that uncommon today in many western countries . 
  like we can read in the headlines from places like malm\u00f6 , london and the whole of france . 
  as a habitant of brno with extensive knowledge of the life in prague i am not surprised in the least . 
  if we 're comparing the quality of life , the score is quite deserved . 
  [ i see what you did there . 
  well , to be honest , that eu candidature was never taken seriously . 
  that 's not the case for the past several months now . 
  if italy steps up , most of the countries will get behind them . 
  well , we 'd have to pay somalia to take them . 
  but it * would * solve the issue . 
  well , i think the [ glorious revolution ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/glorious_revolution ) could count as that . 
  that is very true . 
  as a counter argument i 'll say that it leads to things like [ separate hot and cold fausets ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfhguu_8kga ) . 
  yeah , and it 's better to elect them directly . 
  well , those technocrats are put there by politicians making deals and favours . 
  judges are technocrats , lords are n't . 
  direct democracy , the ultimate populism . 
  well , * really * funny would be roughly 63 millions . 
  sure , it 's normal in a dictatorship . 
  but iin a democratic country , it * is * ludicrous . 
  then have 4000 . 
  you 're asking the wrong european . 
  senators represent the regions , so it works just as well as it does for states . 
  and senators have longer mandates and thus change less often and not all at once , which gives more stability to the whole system . 
  and longer mandates give them less incentive to be overly populistic . 
  the czech republic is the same . 
  almost all democracies in the world have bicameral systems of government and most of them are unitary states . 
  france is an excellent example , a unitary state with a senate . 
  and there 's always a good reason to have a bicameral system , it adds checks and balances . 
  well , i find the idea of being governed by a non-electable aristocratic class kinda ludicrous in the 21st century . 
  heey , i 'm not dutch !, 
  senate does n't have to represent states . 
  in the czech republic the senate represents regions . 
  and senators are n't really trying to score cheap points because they have long mandates . 
  well , you can make your senate as small as you like . 
  the us has just 100 senators . 
  nope . 
  finns and hungarians are in the same language group , but i do n't think the languages are really that close to each other . 
  and i think the connection between czech and slovak goes back to the beginnings of austrian ( - hungarian ) empire , maybe even before . 
  we just had lots of shared history , 
  i mean , there 's probably at least a little truth to that . 
  if slovaks and czechs lived a continent apart and had the same languages we have now , who knows how much we would understand each other ? 
  poor netherlands do n't have anybody to hate them . 
  well , that * is * very interesting . 
  i 'd love to read that research , 
  * masses ok , thanks . 
  well , as they say , '' * a language is a dialect with an army and navy * '' , so technically we speak different languages , but they 're probably the languages closest to each other in the entire europe , if not the world . 
  that was cold . 
  so if there would be a referendum on gay marriages , which way would you vote , and which way do you think the country would vote ? 
  first off , yes , a broken thermometer 's data will likely tell you at what temperature the thermometer broke ( or something else , depending on the type ) . 
  and secondly , biased means * skewed * , not * bad * data . 
  so it 'll still have some value . 
  and besides that , even * bad * data tell you at least what data the perpetrator wanted to show , which is relevant as well . 
  use less statements with `` literally '' . 
  bias does n't mean there 's zero data in that poll . 
  anyone who has taking intro to logic would tell you the same . 
  i never said it was statistically relevant . 
  i said it was better than your feelings . 
  which it is . 
  and yes , it does show more than `` literally nothing '' . 
  no , they show something . 
  maybe not the 100 % correct picture , but not * literally nothing * . 
   but that 's not the only cause of the country 's revival -- french investment bank natixis has pointed out how much of the eurozone 's recent ( but modest ) growth spurt is down to the effect of oil prices and the weaker euro . 
   in fact , the bank 's analysts say italy would still be in recession , france would still be stagnant and even germany would barely have grown at all without those dual stimulants . 
  i see people of all countries of europe and beyond united here in hatred of the megathreads , yet the admins keep insisting this `` vocal minority '' is ruining it for everyone . 
  mods need to change their ways or just go . 
  well , as much as we can all rely on your statistically relevant casual observation , i suggest you look here at this poll showing a super majority against it . 
  that 's a bloody good question !, 
  because less people perceive themselves as being affected by the greek crisis . 
  do you have any source on it being the minority ? 
  because i believe it 's a firm majority . 
  you are making a * huge * assumption that they will leave when they see immigration is discussed here . 
  if they are an average european , they likely went here precisely to discuss immigration !, 
  first off , looking back i admit that might have come way more insulting than i wanted . 
  i was really aggravated by your own commend that came off very insulting even though it was a reaction to such polite comment of mine . 
  but that 's no excuse , i threw the first curse word . 
  well , i 'm sure the fact that the safe zone was n't guarded is a us fuck-up , but i 'm questioning what people like him could have done had there been no us presence . 
  but again , i 'm not pushing any view , i was * honestly asking * in my comment . 
  ad \u017dupa , well , i read some article about it and now wikipedia confirms it that the international community is calling \u017dupa a genocide too , even if a much fewer people died there . 
  if you go up the comments , you 'll see that i readily admit that i do have gaps in the balkan wars . 
  you know , even if you read some articles about it , listen to lectures , scrounge the wikipedia and such , it 's still such a confusing affair , that it really takes a lot of time to really understand it . 
  all i wanted was to ask some questions . 
  and lastly , i think you greatly overestimate the knowledge even the general european society has about the balkan wars . 
  most europeans do n't even know the difference between a bosniak and a bosniak . 
  and if i was an american , i would have no idea what balkan was and what war you 're talking about . 
  that was n't an insult , that was genuine bewilderment . 
  you ca n't say the us did n't stop it , because the presence of the us significantly shifted the realities of the war . 
  for all we know , without the us , mladic or someone else could have continued and srebrenica and \u017depa would n't be the only two cities purged . 
  also i 'm not pushing any view , the comment you are reacting to was `` again , correct me if i 'm wrong , i mean no malice : did they not stop the genocide of bosniaks ?
